____________________________________________________________________
Gabriel Falcon
AC360° Writer
An 8 - year - old boy brought dozens of packets likely containing heroin to school , Pennsylvania authorities said .
According to school officials , the child was handing the packets out to fellow students in his third - grade class .
The child , whose name has not been released , is not expected to be charged because of his age , the Wilkinsburg Police Department said Wednesday .
Lindsey Neyland , public relations director for the Wilkinsburg School District , said the incident happened Tuesday morning at Turner Elementary School .
Wilkinsburg is a small town near Pittsburgh .
" Apparently a teacher saw the student fumbling with items from his pocket and investigated what he was doing .
That is when the drugs were discovered , " the police statement said .
Investigators said they recovered approximately 60 folded packs , each marked with an ink stamp impression of the words " Trust Me . "
Eighteen other open packets were found in the classroom garbage , police said .
A field test determined that the substance inside the packets appeared to be heroin , police said .
They added that the suspected heroin will be sent to a crime lab for confirmation .
No arrests have been made but police said the investigation is ongoing .
They said the Allegheny County Children - Youth and Family service has been contacted .
In a letter to parents , Neyland advised them to " to talk to their children about any interaction they might have had with the student and , possibly , the substance , and take appropriate action . "
The letter also said the school " will take swift and appropriate disciplinary action in this case to ensure the continued safety of all children . "
For more crime coverage go to cnn.com / crime .
New research shows that concern about preserving their good reputation can lead auditors to conceal the kind of irregularities that brought down not only Enron but the auditing firm Arthur Anderson , according to the Management Insights feature in the current issue of Management Science , a flagship journal of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences ( INFORMS ) .
" The Auditor 's Slippery Slope : An Analysis of Reputational Incentives " is by Carlos Corona of the University of Texas and Ramandeep S. Randhaw of the University of Southern California .
Management Insights , a regular feature of the journal , is a digest of important research in business , management , operations research , and management science .
It appears in every issue of the monthly journal .
The authors consider whether the auditor - client contract should be subject to term limits .
The WorldCom and Enron debacles at the turn of the last century were a black eye for Arthur Andersen and the auditing community and led to the auditing restrictions included in the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , which requires auditors to remain more autonomous .
Auditors ' concerns about their reputation are commonly perceived as having a positive effect on execution of their monitoring and attesting functions .
The authors demonstrate that this concern can actually have the opposite effect .
Using game theory to analyze manager and auditor relationships , they illustrate how reputational concerns can actually induce an auditing firm to misreport .
Early undetected or unreported slight misconduct by a manager places the auditor in a bad position in future periods , when admission of prior transgressions tarnishes the auditor 's reputation .
They find that a strategic manager can lead the auditors down a slippery slope , with managerial fraud increasing as the length of the audit firm 's contract progresses .
In this scenario , as company fraud increases , the probability that the auditor will report it decreases .
Ironically , the stronger the auditor 's current reputation , the stronger is the incentive to misreport after the reporting omission of initial malfeasance .
The authors ' lesson for management is that long - term relationships between auditing firms and clients can lead to inaccurate reporting despite - or perhaps because of - the auditing firm 's good reputation .
More information :
The current issue of Management Insights is available at The current issue of Management Insights is available at http://mansci.journal.informs.org/cgi/reprint/56/6/iv
Ten years ago , the world ’s richest countries accounted for a significant majority of the globe ’s economic activity .
But the pendulum is swinging in the other direction , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
A new O.E.C.D. report finds that rich countries and poor countries now each contribute about an equal share of the global economy .
And by 2030 , developing countries will account for 57 percent of world G.D.P. :
“ [ T ] he economic and financial crisis is accelerating this longer - term structural transformation in the global economy , ” according to a release from the agency .
The projections are based on research on economic growth by the late Angus Maddison , who tried to model world G.D.P. numbers going all the way back to Year 1 .
I was astounded that as soon as I walked into the ballpark my data service ( and possibly my phone service ) disappeared .
We spent the weekend in Boston watching the Phils play the Red Sox at Fenway .
I was astounded that as soon as I walked into the ballpark my data service ( and possibly my phone service ) disappeared .
This happened Saturday and Sunday though we sat in different parts of the ballpark both days .
The limitations of the 3G network were readily apparent at Boston ’s Fenway Park during a Red Sox game last week .
Signal was consistently 4 bars , but the data network was totally non-responsive .
That ’s my story … except it was written in 2008 and posted on Gigaom .
This is a long standing problem .
Here ’s another person with the exact same complaint as mine from Apple ’s website .
You know what ’s interesting …
I was at Fenway Park in Boston yesterday .
I had full bars on 3G , completely max ’d signal as far as the phone was concerned .
And with all of that signal , I could not get to a single web site or even send a text message .
I kept getting errors sending data as well as timeout errors when trying to hit a web site .
It ’s from July 2008 and , again , my story exactly .
More recently commenter writing about the iPad ban at Yankee Stadium added this about Fenway .
when I ’m in my seats at Fenway Park with my iPhone , I get NO service .
Not even EDGE .
Even a voice cell call from Stef went directly to voicemail while I was at Fenway .
I got notice of the call only after we were walking back down Brookline Ave .
It seems difficult to believe at&t does n’t know this exists .
How could they not ?
Recently at&t announced they were eliminating their “ all you can eat ” data plans for the iPhone .
Maybe a nice gesture would be for them to stop signing new customers until they built a network that could handle the ones they ’re collecting money for now .
Call me frustrated .
The Nine Network's hit crime series Underbelly will reportedly be remade for American audiences .
According to The New York Magazine and The Hollywood Reporter , pay TV network Starz has acquired the US rights to the Australian show and development of the series is a " top priority " for CEO Chris Albrecht .
The first Underbelly series told the story of Melbourne 's infamous gangland war that raged from 1995 until 2004 .
The second series was about the booming heroin trade in the late ' 70s , while the third series focused on the activities of crooked cops in the '90s .
In addition to earning critical acclaim , all three series have been ratings bonanzas for Nine .
Albrecht , formerly head of HBO , hopes " Underbelly 's phenomenal success in Australia can be replicated " but the original scripts will not be used for the US remake .
The network will reportedly develop story arcs around infamous American crime families .
The ABC is seeking comment from Channel Nine .
DJ Walker - Morgan over on the Open H has a post up saying that the open source developer community should thank Apple for raising the competitive bar and in using some open source technology in its products .
I say rubbish !
Do the police thank the Mafia for making them work harder ?
Walker - Morgan 's fuzzy logic has it that Microsoft had lowered the bar so low ( I love it , another Apple fan boy bashing Microsoft .
Maybe they can do a commercial on that or something ) that open source developers were " doing just enough " to beat Microsoft .
It was n't until Steve Jobs took all of his open source based know how and technology and fused it into Apple , that the open source community had to really try its best in order to do one better than Apple .
Utter nonsense !
First of all , if Apple is using all of that open source technology , how is it that none of what they push down to us is open source ?
In my mind that makes Apple a parasite of open source .
They have used the technology , are not making the resulting products open source and are contributing zero back to the community .
Why is that any different with that and what the Mafia does ?
They both are just taking , not giving back and living off of the work of others .
Here is another issue .
Whether Apple was open or not , there would still be competition to its products .
It is pure capitalism at its finest .
That some of that competition would be open source is a testament to the open source movement 's success .
But taking Walker - Morgan 's reasoning , why would n't Apple 's success push Microsoft , Blackberry or any other vendor to a higher level too ?
Are only open source models subject to the market laws of competition ?
My next point is Mac OSX is not what is responsible for Apple 's success .
Apple made a smartphone that made it easy for people to use .
It looked pretty , it worked and was and is a black box , locked up every which way from Sunday by Apple .
They capitalized on the iPhone and come out with the iPad .
Again the marketing and sheer prettiness are worthy of admiration .
But is the technology rocket science or ground - breaking ?
No , I do n't think so .
It remains to be seen whether the iPad will dominate the tablet or whatever you want to call that market .
For all the hype it may turn out that the iPhone is not the big winner in the smartphone wars and in spite of all their success , the Macintosh computer has still never gone over 10 % market share , compared to that other company up in Redmond .
All of that and they are probably less open source friendly than Microsoft ever was .
If they were more open source , maybe we would have flash or other rich media on all of our smartphones right now .
Maybe we would really see more not less competition in the app market .
Maybe they would n't have a stranglehold on the music industry .
Mr. Walker - Morgan saying that Apple makes open source better is like saying the Mafia made the police better .
It would be better if they did n't have to !
Last week , I had a chat with Fred Weiller , Director of Cisco Marketing , who gave me a sneak preview of the new " CCIE Emeritus " certification status Cisco announced today .
CCIE Emeritus was developed in response to very experienced CCIEs who wish to keep their CCIE status , but are not interested in biennial recertification exams anymore .
CCIE Emeritus comes with three restrictions :
No priority TAC access anymore .
Does not count toward channel partner status ( Gold , Silver , etc ) .
CCIE's in the Emeritus program must note " Emeritus " in their signatures or official correspondences .
For example , if I went into the Emeritus program , I would be " CCIE # 11733 Emeritus " .
Those are the main restrictions .
The Emeritus program is open to CCIEs who have been current and active for 10 years .
I passed 8 years ago in May 2003 , CCIE # 11733 .
So , I 'm going to guess , at this point , that would be CCIEs below # 9000 .
There is an application process to go through along with an $ 85 charge .
CCIE Emeriti must re-apply each year submitting what they have done to stay active in the networking industry .
Speaking with Fred , this would be networking projects , management of networking organizations , consulting , blogging , publishing , etc .
Essentially , you still have to work in networking .
Once accepted , there are no more recertification written exams to take every 2 years .
However , should you want to reactivate your CCIE to full status , you simply need to pass a written exam again , no lab exam needed .
However , if you are already an inactive CCIE , there is no backdoor to the Emeritus program ; you poor guys and gals have to retake the lab exam .
Cisco 's impetus for this new status category was feedback from the CCIE community .
Cisco polled and listened to their most important advocates ( the CCIEs ) and developed a program to meet their needs .
A quick Google search for CCIE Emeritus turned up a 2006 CCIE Customer Feedback survey that mentions the need for an Emeritus status :
In summary , I think this is good .
It recognizes that a lot of people , 10 years after passing the CCIE , have probably moved into different roles and do not have the time or the incentive to take written exams every two years , but still do n't want to lose something they worked very hard for .
Good for Cisco .
This is a fine idea .
If you have $ 400 and a serious case of nostalgic yearning , may we then suggest you spend the money on a wonderful USBTypewriter ?
Described as a " groundbreaking innovation in the field of obsolescence , " the typewriter can hook up to any machine with a USB port and lets you clickety - clack your way through your latest novel , e-mail or even spreadsheet .
The Typewriter Dock , seen in the video above , is an even better version .
It holds an iPad in its carriage whilst simultaneously inputting typed letters .
All it needs is a Bluetooth component to replace the cable , and a writing app that can use the accelerometer to detect a carriage return and move you to a new line .
Ding !
UPDATE : Creator Jack Zylkin emailed to say that the USBTypewriter can detect carriage returns all by itself using a magnetic sensor .
Inside there is a sensor strip under the keyboard which detects the key - presses that hit it , and this pulse of electricity is then passed on to an Arduino circuit - board , whereupon it is translated into a standard USB key - down event .
All you need to do is plug it in and type .
$ 400 buys you a pre-modded typewriter , but Jack Zylkin , the man behind the USBTypewriter , will sell you the electronics to make your own for just $ 75 , or you can send him your typewriter and have him fix it up for you .
For true geeks , the design can be had for free under a Creative Commons license , and you can roll your own from scratch .
For those who really love typing on a typewriter , this seems to actually be better than paper : you no longer have to retype whole pages , and white - out will be a thing of the past .
For everyone else , using one of these for a few minutes will be a reminder of just why books used to be so much shorter than the word - processed novels of today .
USBTypewriter product page
[ USBTypewriter via Etsy ]
See Also :
A monumental thrashing for England , at the hands of a German side who had pace , movement , tactical awareness and ruthlessness in front of goal .
At times they appeared to be playing football from a different world .
England were simultaneously boxey and positionally woeful - quite a difficult combination to achieve .
Germany , on the other hand , played superbly .
This performance from a young side in a high - pressure situation demonstrated remarkable quality in both technically and mentally .
The analysis of the goals will go on for days , the obituaries of English football will go on for weeks , but Germany ’s performance should not be underestimated .
England remained unchanged from their win over Slovenia , a slightly surprising decision considering Matthew Upson had started the tournament behind both Jamie Carragher and Ledley King in the pecking order .
Jermain Defoe continued upfront , and there were no major positional shifts from previous games , it was a 4 - 4 - 2 .
Germany also played their expected side .
Mirolav Klose returned after suspension and replaced Cacau , whilst Philip Lahm and Jerome Boateng continued in their full - back positions .
Bastian Schweingsteiger was fit to start .
Germany were on top from the start .
As expected , Mesut Ozil was the key man , playing between the lines of attack and defence and causing England problems even when he was nowhere near the ball .
Ozil is an interesting player because his positional awareness and movement are far better than his touch on the ball .
That ’s not to say he is bad with the ball – he is clearly very good – but he ’s a player whose ability stems from his intelligence and understanding of the game , and in this game against an England side who were tactically woeful , that was all the more obvious .
England fail to deal with Ozil
The natural England player to try and pick him up was Gareth Barry , and he started the first five minutes in close proximity to Ozil .
But Ozil had been given something approaching a free role and was able to wander across the pitch towards the flanks , always providing an option in a dangerous position .
Another reason for his excellent performance was the return of Klose , a really underrated player who is so much more than just a finisher .
His movement is wonderful , he ’s able to occupy both centre - backs at the same time , which leaves Ozil able to drift in unnoticed behind the defence .
The first opportunity of the game was on six minutes through that very approach , as outlined below .
The writing was on the wall from that moment .
England ’s problems stemmed from the simple and predictable fact that they had a numerical disadvantage in the centre of midfield .
This is a problem even when the sides are evenly matched in terms of quality , but when England had both a numerical disadvantage and an inferiority in terms of passing ability , it was absolutely suicidal .
Gareth Barry had a really poor game in the holding role , but you ca n’t help feeling slightly sorry for him and Frank Lampard .
What were they supposed to do ?
Track Ozil and leave Schweinsteiger with time and space in the centre of midfield to dictate play , or close down Schweinsteiger and leave Ozil free ?
In truth , they did n’t really do either particularly well .
Problems with 4 - 4- 2
The first half could be held up as an example of why teams have moved away from playing 4 - 4 - 2 and started playing 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 and 4 - 3 - 3 formations .
Germany simply always had a spare option in midfield , and England were playing with two strikers doing either ( a ) the same thing or ( b ) nothing , depending on your perspective .
There are wider arguments about how to use Wayne Rooney , but the most surprising thing tonight was that there was no thought to move him into a slightly different position , even within a broad 4 - 4 - 2 shape .
He did n’t drift wide , he did n’t drift deep , he stayed upfront and waited for service that never came .
Bob Bradley identified this same problem with his 4 - 4 - 2 against Ghana yesterday and changed his shape at half - time , moving to a 4 - 4 - 1 - 1 / 4-2-3- 1 system that gave the US another option in build - up play , as well as closing down Anthony Annan , the spare man in midfield .
Fabio Capello persisted with a formation and shape that , regardless of the good performances in qualification , or the terrible performances in the group stage , was clearly not working in this game .
The formation had nothing to do with the first goal , of course , with Matthew Upson and John Terry getting in crazy positions from a long punt down the pitch from Manuel Neuer , which travelled 100 yards before Klose tapped in .
Upson put in a horrible performance and was exposed again when Klose ’s drift to the flank took him out of position , creating space for Muller ’s run into the centre .
He casually knocked it over Glen Johnson for Lukas Podolski , who steadied himself before firing it past David James .
Upson got a goal back from a corner , Lampard scored a perfectly good goal that was n’t given , but 2 - 2 would have flattered England at half - time .
No changes at half - time
The late rally towards the end of that half covered up England ’s deficiencies , and presumably convinced Capello that there was nothing wrong with the system England were playing .
There did n’t appear to be any change in the second half , bar the fact that Ashley Cole was pushing forward more and giving England natural width on the left - hand side .
But Germany continued to dominate , although they were playing slightly deeper and more conservatively in the second half .
Lampard again hit the bar from a free - kick , and another Lampard free - kick resulted in the third German goal .
Barry ’s poor touch on the ball was unforgivable considering how many defenders England had forward for the free - kick , and Germany countered with a classic quick three - man break .
Schweinsteiger went left , Muller went right , Ozil made a decoy run through the centre , barely looking to receive the ball , but distracting the England defence and making space for Muller on the far side .
His finish was superb – watch the replay from behind the goal to see him stare momentarily towards the far post , before smashing it in at the near , sending James the wrong way .
Awful play from England , but Germany took 12 seconds and 8 touches to get the ball from their own penalty area , to the England goal .
The final goal was also Barry ’s fault – given a significant head start on Ozil , but being beaten to the ball and outrun as Ozil gradually brought the ball towards goal .
And ‘ gradually ’ was the key – OK , it was a fairly simple path to goal with England ’s defence high up the pitch , but a lesser player would have sprinted as fast as possible towards James .
Ozil held the ball up slightly , allowed Muller to catch up with him , before squaring the ball across the six yard box .
It was 4 - 1 , and not an unfair reflection on the balance of play .
Capello ’s second half substitutions were irrelevant but nevertheless frustrating – Joe Cole and Emile Heskey on , but no change of shape .
Ultimately , no combination of England players in 4 - 4 - 2 would have beaten Germany today .
Conclusion
Some sections of England football supporters hate the fact that two foreigners – Sven - Goran Eriksson and Capello – have been brought in as manager in recent years .
The ironic thing is that both foreigners have been fixated on the standard English 4 - 4 - 2 for the duration of their time in charge ; Terry Venables , Glenn Hoddle and even Steve McClaren tried different shapes to make England less predictable .
You could probably list 100 things that have , in some way , contributed to England ’s disastrous performance at this tournament , but the formation must be the biggest factor .
For the past six years , the major talking point regarding the England team has been an inability to get the best out of both Gerrard and Lampard .
Both Lampard and Gerrard ?
Neither are at their best in a 4 - 4 - 2 .
Nor is Rooney , nor is Barry , nor is Carrick , nor is Joe Cole , nor are any of England ’s small band of creative players .
Even if Capello thought 4 - 4 - 2 was best before the tournament , he surely must have seen that it was n’t working when England limped to draws against the US and Algeria , and a narrow victory over Slovenia .
But the main focus should be on Germany , who were fantastic throughout and exploited England ’s weaknesses from the first whistle .
The performances of individuals was not the highlight , it was the understanding between them , the way they interacted and swapped positions , the way they retained the ball , the way they created a shape to drag England ’s defenders out of position .
Germany did n’t just outclass England , they offered a template for what England must seek to become .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Photo : White House / Lawrence Jackson
Here ’s the dirt on Earth - hating Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan :
On more than one occasion she was so consumed by her work that she accidentally left her car running overnight , a longtime “ friend ” told the New York Times .
But it ’s worth looking beyond this personal eco-foul to examine Kagan ’s broader record on environmental and climate issues .
It ’s immediately clear that she ’s no fire - breathing environmental crusader in the Robert F. Kennedy Jr. mold .
Those looking for such a justice are bound to be disappointed .
Kagan has n’t written or said much at all about climate change or the government ’s role in regulating clean air and water or protecting land and species .
This fits with a broader critique from the left that she has n’t left a record on anything that reveals her judicial philosophy .
But if actions mean more than words , Kagan ’s nomination could be good news for the environmental movement .
Kagan ’s signature green accomplishments came during her six years as dean of Harvard Law School , from 2003 to 2009 , where she led the creation of an Environmental Law Program and an Environmental Law and Policy Clinic .
“ The fact that she was interested in building an environmental law program when none existed , I think , speaks volumes , ” said Jody Freeman , an environmental policy and regulation scholar whom Kagan lured from UCLA to Harvard , one of the most high - profile hires of Kagan ’s tenure .
“ Harvard , when she became dean , was pretty much seen as a kind of a backwater ” on environmental law , said John Leshy , an environmental law scholar at the University of California Hastings College of the Law .
“ There was a lot of student interest on environmental issues , but the faculty and the curriculum did n’t really reflect that .
[ The program ] came from nowhere and became a respected program .
I give her a lot of credit for that . ”
The clinic put law students to work on current cases , including a challenge against two coal - fired power plants by the Kansas secretary of health and environment .
It was the first time a state had opposed a fossil - fuel project on the grounds of carbon dioxide emissions .
Kagan indicated her support for the work in a letter in the summer 2008 Harvard Law Bulletin ( PDF ) , one of her few public statements on climate issues .
“ I hope you ’ll share my pride in the work that students , faculty and alumni are doing to tackle the environmental dangers we all face - and my determination that Harvard Law School continue to make a difference in this vital sphere of law and policy , ” she wrote .
The environmental program , which launched in 2005 , was n’t Kagan ’s sole focus , said Freeman , but it suggested she grasped the importance of legal issues surrounding climate change .
“ I think she understood the moment in environmental law , ” said Freeman .
“ It was a tremendous growth period .
Climate was just becoming really mainstream and energy was becoming hugely important .
She understood it was a moment when Harvard could have an impact . ”
Even more important , said Freeman , Kagan understood the need for environmental law to move beyond the adversarial litigation that the field has relied on for much of the past 40 years .
The environmental law program and clinic focused on teaching students about executive - branch rulemaking , land acquisition , and permitting for projects like coal plants .
“ We needed to give students a chance to work on environmental , energy , climate issues in a way that went beyond just doing litigation .
[ Kagan ] understood the need for a more expansive approach , ” said Freeman , who recently returned to Harvard Law School after spending a year advising White House climate czar Carol Browner .
Kagan ’s background in administrative law–how government agencies write and enact rules–let her see the importance of this approach , said Freeman .
It could also make her an effective environmental advocate on the Court , because environmental cases often overlap with administrative law .
“ She knows how the bureaucracy works , and that ’s important , ” said Leshy .
Kagan also spent time working for the Senate Judiciary Committee under then - Sen .
Joe Biden , as counsel in the Clinton White House , and , for the past year , as solicitor general , representing the federal government before the Supreme Court .
None of this work was explicitly environmental , but environmental law scholars tend to see the experience as an asset .
“ She has an in - depth knowledge of the nuts and bolts of how issues work in the real world , ” said Glenn Sugameli , an attorney at Defenders of Wildlife and founder of Judging the Environment , which monitors federal courts .
“ That ’s important because , if you look at the current court , they ’re almost all lifetime ‘ judicial monastery ’ types .
They ’re so used to looking at things from a judge ’s standpoint that they do n’t really understand them . ”
Then there ’s the simple matter of Kagan ’s age .
At 50 , she is likely to see more effects of climate change than older colleagues will .
“ I think it is very important to have somebody with a generational stake in this issue , ” said Leshy , 65 .
“ People my age and older are not going to see the [ outcomes of ] problems we ’re dealing with now .
People who are younger will see them . ”
Temperamentally , Kagan is by most reports exactly the kind of person President Obama likes to promote - collaborative , pragmatic , more interested in results than fights over principle .
She ’s credited with uniting factions at Harvard Law School and taming its famously venomous “ snake pit ” atmosphere .
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) and others have argued that an intellectually respected collaborator would be more effective on the court than an arch - liberal .
“ I ’d like the new nominee to be one of five , not one of four , when the votes come up , and somebody who would be quite persuasive in terms of influencing other justices , I guess particularly Justice [ Anthony ]
Kennedy , to his or her point of view , ” said Schumer .
“ And that would matter to me more than any particular ideology . ”
Kagan has worried some court - watchers with her somewhat broad interpretation of executive power — laid out in a 2001 Harvard Law Review article — but that perspective could be positive from an environmental standpoint if the executive branch is more willing than Congress to act on climate change .
Plans to regulate greenhouse gas emissions — either by Congress or by the EPA — will face legal challenges and could end up before the Supreme Court .
A justice who believes the EPA should have leeway in enacting such rules is more likely to uphold a climate plan .
Kagan ’s supporters in the climate - law field believe she is such a justice .
“ Based on her article and record , she should be OK on that , ” Leshy said .
My younger son has been reading Civil War history , starting with Jeff Hummel 's book .
A few days ago at dinner , we got into a discussion of possiblities for alternate history , starting with the observation that both sides greatly underestimated how bad the war was going to be .
Bill cited Hummel 's estimate that the cost to the North alone would have been enough to buy every slave in the south and provide each with thirty acres and a mule .
What if they had known ?
Imagine that someone in our future is equipped with a device capable of delivering packages to the past .
He makes a list of thirty or forty of the most influential people in the U.S. as of ( say ) the 1850's , prepares for each a package of history books , and delivers the package to the recipient 's desk a week or two before some prominent natural event , such as an earthquake or eruption , is due to occur .
Each package includes a dozen identical color photographs and a cover letter .
The letter predicts in detail the event about to occur and explains that the package is being sent in the hope of preventing a very bloody war .
The photographs could not have been produced with mid-19th century technology ; the hope is that they plus the prediction will be enough to persuade at least some of the recipients that the package really is from the future .
What happens ?
Bill 's guess was that the deep South states would respond by immediately seceding .
My reaction — not inconsistent with his — was that what the intervention has created is a high stakes game of Chicken .
Leaders in the North can tell those in the South that they might as well surrender now , since the alternative is a long and bloody war that they will lose .
Leaders in the South can argue in response that the North , knowing what the cost of the war will be , will have to back down and let them go .
It could make the plot of an interesting novel .
If I were writing it — not likely to happen — I would be inclined to show the intervenors from the future as naive do - gooders who take it for granted that if only both sides had known , the war would of course be averted .
The recipients are both more realistic and more sophisticated ; each sees both his new information and his knowledge that others have the same information as merely additional elements in the complex political game already ongoing .
One question is how long before the war the intervention happens .
Another is whether the recipients attempt to make their new knowledge public , and if so how many people believe them .
Readers are invited to indulge their own imagination .
With more than 500 units ranging in size from 5x5 to 10x30 , you ’re sure to find a space that ’s just the right size for your belongings at a price that works for your budget .
Video camera recordings of our units gives you peace of mind knowing your belongings have an added sense of security at our Boise self - storage unit facility .
7 - day access to your unit with our electronic access feature means you have more control over when you access your belongings .
Indoor vehicle storage allows you to keep your vehicle locked and sheltered from the elements while freeing up parking space at home .
Drive - up access units make it easy for you to load and unload your things to and from your unit .
Our expert on - site managers are always available to offer help and advice about moving , packing , and storing .
We sell moving supplies like boxes and tape on - site to save you a trip to the store in the packing process .
We offer rent credit toward the base charge for a local moving truck rental to make the moving process easier and more affordable for you ( see manager for details ) .
These are just a few of the reasons why customers love our Boise storage units and why we receive excellent reviews on Google !
Contact us today to experience the STOR - N - LOCK difference for yourself .
Where We Are Located
Our Boise storage facility is located at 4400 West State Street , close to the North End and Downtown .
If you exit I - 184 on Curtis , turn North and proceed on State Street , then turn west just past Flying Pizza .
You ’ll see our signature blue awning nearby the Collister Center , Dollar Tree , and Burger ‘ n’ Brew .
If you ’re familiar with the area , we ’re nearby the new Boise River Park , Esther Simplot Park , and the Boise Greenbelt .
We ’re also nearby the Northgate and Glenwood shopping centers as well .
Ann Morrison Park looking towards downtown ( Photo credit : City - Data )
Service Area
Many of our customers are located in Northeast Boise , in the 83703 zip code specifically .
However , we also regularly serve those living in the 83714 , 84704 , 83706 , and 83712 zip codes as well .
We are conveniently located nearby several popular apartment complexes in the area , too , including the new Kensington Apartments , Edgewater Apartments , Silver Bay Apartments , Arbor Crossing Apartments , Whitewater Park Apartments , and Aria on the River Apartments .
Fun Facts About Boise
Whether you are new to the area or have lived here for years , here are some fun facts you might not know about Boise .
Boise ’s Name Has French Roots : The French word “ Bois ” ( pronounced bo - wah ) , meaning “ woods , ” is what French - Canadian fur trappers exclaimed as they saw the thick forest that surrounds the Boise river .
Over time , that word morphed into the “ boy - see ” pronunciation we use today for the city .
From Trash to Treasure : The Boise River Greenbelt got its start as a dumping ground for industrial waste and raw sewage , but you ’d never know that today just by looking at its scenic views and wildlife habitat .
Starting in the 1960 ’s , the city began to rejuvenate the area and today it offers 25 scenic miles of tree - lined paths that can be enjoyed year - round .
All That Jazz : Boise is home to the Gene Harris Jazz Festival that happens every spring , providing world - class jazz music for the public as well as a variety of jazz clinics and workshops for students .
Boise ’s Basque Community : Believe it or not , this Mediterranean culture originating in Spain has quite an influence on Boise .
Once every five years , Boise is the host city for the international festival of Jaialdi that celebrates this unique culture .
The Tech Scene :
For the past few decades , Boise has really made a statement in the tech community and today is home to many start - ups and tech giants alike .
Hewlett - Packard and Micron Technology are big employers in the area , with a plethora of other tech companies dotting the area , too .
The Basque Center here in Boise ( Photo credit : Washington Times )
Local Resources
If you ’re new to the area or planning on moving to the area , here are a few local resources you may want to know about .
Internet Providers :
The main Internet Service Providers in the Boise area are CenturyLink , CableOne , and Safelink .
Moving Companies : STOR -N-LOCK offers a credit toward your rent for the base price of a local moving truck rental , but if you need more assistance , you can look into local moving companies like Two Men and a Truck , All My Sons Moving , Merchants Moving , and Caseboise .
Public Transportation : Valley Ride bus transportation offers routes all across the Boise area and can take you practically anywhere you want to go .
Visit http://www.valleyride.org/bus-services/boise-routes/ for more information .
Contact us today to see why so many other customers in the Boise area choose our self - storage facility for storing their household goods , furniture , outdoor gear , business inventory , and more .
We look forward to hearing from you !
Darrell Issa : If GOP wins House , corporate America can breathe easy -- UPDATED
As you know , Democrats are continuing to hammer away at Joe Barton 's apology to BP , in order to make the case that if Republicans take back Congress , they 'll side with big corporations and special interests against ordinary Americans .
But there 's a quote from another House Republican that 's largely gone unnoticed , even though it makes the case perhaps as well as Barton 's BP apology does : GOP Rep .
Darrell Issa effectively pledged that if Republicans take back the House , corporate America will be able to breathe easy .
The quote is buried in a Politico article about a recent speech Issa gave , in which he revealed he 's planning to hire reams of subpoena - wielding investigators as chair of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee if Republicans take back the House :
At a recent speech to Pennsylvania Republicans here , he boasted about what would happen if the GOP wins 39 seats , and he gets the power to subpoena .
" That will make all the difference in the world , " he told 400 applauding party members during a dinner at the chocolate - themed Hershey Lodge .
" I wo n't use it to have corporate America live in fear that we 're going to subpoena everything .
I will use it to get the very information that today the White House is either shredding or not producing . "
While that quote stops short of a full - fledged promise to never probe anything corporate America does , it 's nonetheless an extraordinary statement :
It sounds like a pledge to go easier on big corporations .
Dems plan to aggressively highlight this in the days ahead as an additional data - point in making the broader case against Republicans .
" Instead of focusing on holding big corporations like British Petroleum accountable , if Issa and Republicans have their way , as Chairman Issa would use subpoenas and an eighty person staff to launch tax payer funded witch hunts against the President , " DCCC spokesman Ryan Rudominer emails .
" Just as we saw with Joe Barton , Michele Bachmann , and the 114 member Republican Study Committee 's shameless defense of British Petroleum , Republicans ' governing philosophy is to ignore gross misconduct from Republicans ' corporate special interest backers . "
The jury is still very much out on whether the Barton mess will fundamentally transform the political dynamic in Dems 's favor .
Dems are hoping it helps change the subject from Obama 's handling of the spill to the consequences of GOP gains in Congress -- an effort to get voters to see the fall elections as a choice , rather than just a referendum on Dems .
They hope the Issa quote will help them do that .
UPDATE , 2:44 p.m. : Issa spokesman Kurt Bardella emails that Issa " never said he would n't subpoena corporations . "
" For anyone to try and push a narrative that Issa , as a Chairman , would n't pursue legitimate investigations that involve any company defies an already established record , " Bardella says .
" This is the same guy who led the investigation into Toyota , going so far as getting their CEO to testify before his committee , has been calling out GM for their deceptive ads and shredding of docs , investigated AIG 's counterparty payouts , investigated Countrywide 's VIP mortgage loan program , opposed bailout of corporate America , opposed bailout of auto - dealers and is currently investigating Johnson & Johnson . "
" All that Issa was talking about was not using his authority to go on fishing expeditions targeting corporate America as was the case under Waxman .
Just look at Issa 's record so far .
He has been very aggressive investigating cases where there is evidence of something to investigate . "
Recently , I wrote a book , The Death and Life of the Great American School System , in which I took issue with a number of currently popular education strategies that I had once supported , and now , seeing their questionable outcomes , challenge .
Since then , I have been traveling across the country and have made three dozen speeches .
What started out as a conventional book tour — with stops only in Chicago , Los Angeles , and San Francisco — turned into something else : a whistle - stop campaign to warn against some of the education “ reforms ” currently in vogue .
From the day that the news broke that I had turned against No Child Left Behind — the federal law that nationally enforces a heavy emphasis on testing and accountability — and that I ’d come out against against market - based ideas of school choice , I have been overwhelmed with invitations to speak in almost every state .
The result has been exhilarating , exhausting , and ultimately disheartening .
The exhilarating part was meeting thousands of teachers and hearing their appreciation for my support of their work .
Teachers repeatedly asked if I could voice their opposition to what is now called reform .
Many described the challenges they face trying to comply with the unrealistic goals of No Child Left Behind .
At Stanford , a teacher from Salinas County broke into tears as she described her students , the children of lettuce pickers , most of whom knew no English .
When I spoke in Oakland , a group of teachers drove four hours to hear me and to get copies of my book for every member of their school board .
The disheartening part was recognizing , along with my audiences , that the policies I criticize now have not only the unwavering support of Republicans but also the endorsement of the Obama administration .
Secretary of Education Arne Duncan has been campaigning with Newt Gingrich to enlist bipartisan support for what I believe is a very conservative agenda .
For me , the irony of all this is that I broke ranks with my former colleagues at some staunchly conservative think tanks by writing my book at precisely the moment the Obama administration has embraced their ideas .
Again and again , I have been asked by talk show hosts ( at least the well informed ones ) , “ How did right - wing ideas become the education agenda of the Obama administration ? ”
My sense is that it has a lot to do with the administration ’s connections to the Gates Foundation and the Broad Foundation .
Although both are usually portrayed as liberal or at least Democratic , their funding priorities have merged with those of the very conservative Walton Family Foundation .
I explain this curious power elite in a chapter of my book called “ The Billionaire Boys Club . ”
The Obama administration has dangled $ 4.3 billion in federal aid before the states in a competition called the Race to the Top .
To be eligible to win , the states must increase the number of privately managed charter schools , must agree to evaluate teachers by student test scores , and must commit to “ turning around ” so - called failing schools ( including by closing them or privatizing them ) .
In the first round of this contest , the winning states were Tennessee , which received $ 500 million , and Delaware , which got $ 100 million — apparently based on their readiness to enact comprehensive reform along recommended lines .
In this time of severe fiscal stringency , 37 other states — - including New York — have applied for funding from the next round of Race to the Top , each promising to reshape its education system around the administration ’s priorities in order to win it .
The main ideas embodied in the Race to the Top program and other administration policies were incubated in conservative think tanks .
I have argued that none of these “ reforms ” is likely to improve education , and all are likely to do harm .
Charter schools are the fad of the moment .
There are some excellent charter schools , and some dismal ones .
They have been around for nearly twenty years , and , to date , the best evidence shows that in aggregate students in them perform no better or worse than students in regular public schools .
As their numbers grow under pressure from the Obama administration , their quality is not likely to improve ; the history of American education is replete with small - scale demonstrations that became less effective when rapidly expanded to a mass scale .
So , if history is a useful guide , charters , which are by definition very thinly regulated , will go from being no better or worse to being a very problematic sector riddled with extreme variability in performance and not infrequent cases of financial mismanagement .
It is hard to see this turn to privatization of one of our nation ’s basic public services as a route to better education .
Similarly , the strategy of tying teacher evaluations to test scores will have predictably negative consequences .
It will promote more time spent preparing students for very inadequate tests and a narrowing of the curriculum ( with less time for history , geography , science , the arts , foreign languages , and every other non-tested subject ) .
It will judge teachers for matters over which they have no control , such as student absenteeism and family involvement ( or lack thereof ) .
Everyone asks , how can we stop this misguided and potentially harmful approach ?
I keep hoping that some elected official , some Governor or Senator , will recognize that millions of discontented parents and teachers — not just the vilified teachers ’ unions — are looking for political leadership .
They do n’t want to lose public education , and they hate the relentless emphasis on testing and punishment .
I keep watching for the leader who will mobilize those who now are voiceless and demand that our nation get serious about improving education : making sure that all children have access to a full and balanced curriculum — - rather than just preparation for standardized tests — and taking steps to improve the teaching profession , rather than demeaning and demoralizing it .
I am still looking .
Kellogg recalls 28 million boxes of cereal
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Kellogg Co. is recalling 28 million boxes of several popular cereals due to an unusual flavor and smell , the company said Friday .
The recall includes some boxes of Kellogg ( K , Fortune 500 ) brands Corn Pops , Honey Smacks , Froot Loops and Apple Jacks .
The recalled products were sold across the country , Kellogg said .
The company said potential for serious health problems is low , but an " uncharacteristic off - flavor and smell coming from the liner in the package " could cause temporary symptoms including nausea and diarrhea .
Only boxes with the letters " KN " following the " better if used before " date are included in the recall .
Products with " KM " are not being recalled , nor are any products in Canada .
In a statement , Kellogg Chief Executive David Mackay apologized to consumers and said the company is " working diligently to ensure that the affected products are rapidly removed from the marketplace . "
Consumers who have questions or want a replacement box of cereal can call Kellogg at 888-801-4163 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET .
DETROIT --
The pain in Dan Cleary ’s left knee started in September and would come and go for the next eight months .
At times , walking up a flight of stairs was a chore .
It explains , to a large degree , why the 31 - year - old Detroit Red Wings forward struggled much of the season .
Cleary had surgery Tuesday to repair two tears in his meniscus .
“ They cleaned it up , and it ’s a lot better now , ’’ Cleary said Wednesday .
“ You want to go into the season healthy .
It ’s tough for me to play my game when I ’m hurt . ’’
He will start lifting weights Monday and begin full workouts in a couple weeks .
He expects to be fully recovered well before training camp in September .
Cleary missed four weeks with a separated shoulder in the middle of the season .
He tore his groin muscle twice , which he thinks was related to his knee issues , forcing him to miss six games late in the season .
He was n’t able to skate as well as he normally does and finished with 15 goals and 19 assists in 64 games and just two goals and no assists in 12 playoff games .
In hindsight , it would have been best for Cleary to get his knee taken care of during the season .
But it would have been difficult for him to sit out when the team was ravaged by injuries and scrapping for valuable points .
He ’ll work out with team trainer Piet Van Zant until July , before leaving for southern California to begin his annual training program with T.R. Goodman .
Cleary called it an important offseason .
He expects to return to his 20 - goal form of 2006 - 07 and ’ 07-08 .
“ I want to be an important player on the team and have proven that I can be , ’’ Cleary said .
“ My goal is to get better each season .
I ’ll train real hard this summer and will make sure I have a good season . ’
’
Cleary has spoken several times with Jiri Hudler , one of his California workout partners , who is returning to the Red Wings after spending one season in Russia .
“ He ’s real excited , looking forward to coming back , ’’ Cleary said .
“ He ’s an important player , adds another element . ’’
Cleary has not spoken to Nicklas Lidstrom lately but , like most in the organization , he is confident the captain will return next season .
“ He ’ll be back , ’’ Cleary said .
“ We do n’t have to worry about that . ’’
Cleary noted this is the first time in three years he has sat at home in May instead of play hockey .
“ I think everyone is looking forward to some redemption next year , ’’ Cleary said .
Sandra bullock made a brilliant come back at MTV Movie Awards by kissing fellow actress Scarlet Johansson .
It was her first public appearance after split up with husband Jesse James .
The last time she made a televised appearance , was at Oscars where she won the award for Best Actress and husband Jesse James had given her a big hug for that but this time he was not on stage to celebrate her victory that she earned after receiving the MTV Generation Award .
It is not her first kiss with any lady on award stage , as previously she kissed Meryl Streep at the 15th Annual Critics ’ Choice Movie Awards in January .
The 45 - year - old Sandra was looking the world ’s most beautiful lady in her sparking black backless dress .
She is indeed beautiful enough to call the world ’s most beautiful lady .
She is now a single mother of baby boy , Louis , she adopted .
The two had planned to adopt Louis together but then , she herself took the baby alone after Jesse cheated her .
The nervous Johansson slowly moved to Sandra and then they shared a kiss which Johansson later referred as great kiss and Sandra agreed to her .
She said on stage that now she wanted to become normal in her life and she wanted to forget all that what happened during these past three months .
The kiss was actually an indication for her fans that now she was ready to make a come back in normal life and that she was not facing any problem .
A few years ago Microsoft and Burger King teamed up for a trio of low - cost 360 and original Xbox games like Sneak King and Pocket Bike Racing , and the pair are working together again for Kinect .
The promotion will take place during the Kinect launch , but it 's unknown at this time if there will be more video games featuring The King , or if it 's something more traditional .
Who knows , maybe we 'll even see Kinect at Burger Kings .
At a minimum we hope that Kinect 's sensors can read if we have a Whopper in our hand while we 're using it .
The first keynote of the Jazoon conference was presented by Danny Coward .
He mentioned that we were close to the 15 anniversary of Java that was officially announced May 23 1995 .
On the historical side , he also showed us a nice video of James Gosling demonstrating in 1992 a prototype running on what will become Java .
The interface looks very close to what you get now on an iPhone .
He discussed the current evolution of Java towards its version 7 .
There has been a lot of work on the modularity side , removing as much as possible the dependencies between the Java modules .
Parallelism has also been improved and will now for instance be used by most of the garbage collector activity .
More than 100 languages are now running on the JVM .
The Da Vinci project goal is to improve the efficiency of other languages on the JVM .
Finally , some small additions are made to the syntax to simplify the language .
JavaFX release 1.3 was also announced in May , the fourth release in the last 18 months .
Performance has been improved and new UI components have been added .
For those who want to see it in action , Danny pointed us towards the web site of the last Vancouver Winter Olympics , more precisely the geographical view of medals .
The next two sessions that I attended were both about Java and Flex .
In the first presentation , Adobe Evangelist James Ward did first a small introduction to the Flex technology .
Then he showed us how it was easy to connect a Flex front end with a Java back end using different protocols ( http , web services ) and benchmarked their relative speed .
All his demos are available on http://www.jamesward.com/demos/.
You can check the insurance one for a small taste of what a nice Flex interface can look like .
The second presenter , Florian Müller , put a different perspective on the marriage between these two technologies with his experience on a large project that was involving both of them .
The development of the application can be very easy , but the maintenance is more difficult as functions can be performed either at the client ( flex ) or server ( level ) .
Architecture rules have to be defined very well and synchronization between the server and the client is not easy to maintain .
Flex 4 solves part of these problems , but the proposed life cycle ( Photoshop – Catalyst – Flex ) does not work well when you have go backwards and redo some things .
In the tools that you can use to link Java and Flex , he recommends Granite Data Services as an open source application that provides good power .
A South Korean soldier looks out at North Korea as he stands guard on the border island of Baengnyeong on Tuesday .
North Korea has raised its level of military readiness after being blamed for a deadly warship attack in March .
( ( Ahn Young - joon / Associated Press ) )
North Korean military forces will respond if the UN Security Council questions or condemns the country over the sinking of a South Korean navy ship , the country 's UN ambassador said Tuesday .
South Korea 's accusations that North Korea torpedoed the ship in March , killing 46 sailors , have created " a touch - and - go situation , " said ambassador Sin Son - ho at a rare news conference at United Nations headquarters in New York .
" War may break out at any time , " the ambassador warned .
" If the Security Council release [s ] any documents against us condemning or questioning us ... follow - up measures will be carried out by our military forces . "
North Korea vehemently denies sinking the ship .
Pro-unification and anti-war activists shout slogans in front of the U.S. Embassy in Seoul Tuesday during a rally commemorating the 10th anniversary of the North - South talks that led to the document known as the June 15 declaration , considered a step toward reunifcation .
( ( Jo Yong - Hak / Reuters ) )
Sin accused South Korea and the United States of cooking up the accusation against the North and demanded that military investigators from Pyongyang be permitted to go to the site of the sinking , which the South has refused to allow .
Forty - six sailors died in the frigid Yellow Sea waters near the Koreas ' maritime border while 58 were rescued .
It was South Korea 's worst military disaster since the end of the three - year Korean War in 1953 .
Fragments recovered from the area indicate the torpedo came from North Korea , a team of international investigators said in May .
Meanwhile , thousands of South Koreans donned gas masks Tuesday in a nationwide civil defence drill as Seoul 's defence chief said North Korea has bolstered its military readiness amid tensions over the sinking of a South Korean warship .
The defence drill was the first on a nationwide scale for possible chemical , biological and radiological attacks since 1989 .
3 ways that the U.S. population will change over the next decade
The so - called open - carry movement took a hit Tuesday when the state Assembly approved a bill 45 - 25 that would forbid anyone from openly carrying an unloaded handgun .
It now moves to the Senate .
The measure by Assemblywoman Lori Saldaña , D - San Diego , came in response to advocates who have been toting unloaded pistols in public in an attempt to expand Second Amendment gun rights .
More Card Occasions
With Wedding cards for the bride & groom , to baby cards , take a peek at our greeting cards for those big occasions .
Special Year Birthdays
Find an extra special Birthday card for their special year Birthday !
There ’s a card created just for them and personalised by you …
Cards By Type
With funny greeting cards to make them giggle , or something rude to make them blush , there ’s the perfect card for everyone !
Seasonal Cards
Fabio Grosso goes down after a challenge by Lucas Neill during the 2006 World Cup .
Make no bones about it - Italy , winners of four World Cup crowns , cheated to get back into the game .
In an act unworthy of a world champion , Daniele De Rossi flopped to the deck in the All Whites penalty area , alleging he'd been pushed by 20 - year - old Kiwi innocent - Tommy Smith .
Smith had had a little tug of De Rossi 's blue shirt but he'd let go long before the Italian floundered on the floor .
Only one person in Mbombela Stadium fell for the risible ruse - referee Batres who pointed to the penalty spot .
No wonder All Whites skipper Ryan Nelsen and veteran midfielder Ivan Vicelich got in De Rossi 's face before Vincenzo Iaquinta lined up the spot kick .
Adding salt to a raw wound , De Rossi won the man of the match award .
What a joke .
If a team ranked fifth in the world has to resort to deception to subdue a side ranked 78th , then what hope is there for the World Cup ?
Fifa president Sepp Blatter was in the stands - and if he turns a blind eye to acts of this magnitude , then he wants replacing .
Admittedly , the All Whites had snatched the lead through a dubious goal of their own .
Shane Smeltz strayed offside just as Winston Reid touched on a cross which then cannoned off Italian skipper Fabio Cannavaro .
But there is a decided difference between an offside goal - a split - second judgment call by a match official - and a deliberate dive which resulted in a soft penalty and a yellow card for the guiltless Smith .
De Rossi's name should have gone into the black book instead , for shameful simulation .
Batres sensibly stayed in the middle of the pitch after he whistled for halftime , standing side - by - side with his linesmen .
He waved Kiwi striker Chris Killen away but he still got a spray from All Whites kitman Matt Hockin before he was pulled away by manager Phil Warbrick .
It must have been a lonely march up the tunnel for Batres with the Kiwi management staff trailing behind him .
They had every reason to be irate .
The All Whites got the rough end of the pineapple from the man in the middle for most of the first half .
Ironic cheers erupted whenever he awarded a freekick to the Kiwis .
Striker Rory Fallon was cautioned for use of the elbow during some push and shove which saw three teak - tough Italian defenders crash to the ground , clutching their chins .
But there was also something unedifying about the way the Italians clamoured around the ref , appealing for a red card against Fallon and coach Ricki Herbert was later forced to withdraw him to " save his tournament " .
But , there seemed one rule for the aristocrats and another for the artisans .
Alberto Gilardino escaped scot - free when he scythed down All Whites skipper Ryan Nelsen from behind .
In the second half , Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini grabbed Winston Reid around the neck and swung him to the ground , The result ?
No sanction for Chiellini and Batres allowed play to continue with Reid writhing on the ground as Italy launched a counter - attack with the scrambling Kiwi defence a man down .
Then we had the ridiculous scenario of an injured Ryan Nelsen yellow carded for refusing to leave the field on a stretcher .
It begs the question whether even the best referees in the world are sub - consciously intimidated by top teams .
The Azzurri fans had the craven cheek to cheer when Iaquinta slammed his spotkick past Mark Paston .
They were singing , lusty Latino tunes , before kickoff as they radiated a sense of entitlement born from four World Cup triumphs .
But it was the New Zealand 's supporters , dubbed the White Noise , who were chanting : " Who are ya ? " in the seventh minute when Smeltz netted .
Ricki Herbert danced a jig of delight down by the dugout and a blizzard of black and blue flags rippled through the stands .
The Kiwi supporters were the Balmy Army - it was 27 degrees at kickoff in Nelspruit - for 23 glorious minutes .
As an example of Italy 's embarrassment of riches , they were able to replace Simone Pepe of Udinese with World Cup winner Mauro Camoranesi of Juventus at halftime .
The All Whites , instead , brought on bank clerk Andy Barron against the Ferrari - driving millionaires .
But this day belonged to a proud little Pacific Island nation with just 25 professional players .
Loading Mark down June 20 , 2010 as the date the New Zealand All Whites arrived for good on the international stage .
The moral victory was theirs - no wonder the White Noise boys had their shirts off , even ex-All White skipper Danny Hay as he embraced an ecstatic Ricki Herbert .
' BETTY or VERONICA ...or KEVIN ?':
First gay character enrolls at Archie 's Riverdale [ UPDATED ]
By Michael Cavna
Note :
This post was originally published Thurs. , April 22 at 12:01 p.m .
The way Archie Comics artist - writer Dan Parent tells it , Riverdale High is getting ever more diverse .
Archie 's already dating Valerie from Josie and the Pussycats .
The House of Archie is discussing a " Jersey Shore " influence .
And according to Parent , a new gay character will enroll at Riverdale later this year .
Suddenly the ol' " Betty or Veronica ? " question just got potentially more interesting .
( And a lot more like a story - line from , say , the '90s film " Clueless . "
Or an echo from Hooper 's line in Kevin Smith 's " Chasing Amy " : " Archie and Jughead were lovers " ; in fact , I would n't be surprised if Smith cheekily speaks to this tonight at DC's Sixth & I Historic Synagogue . )
With some comics , this would qualify as non-news .
But in the historically less - diverse world of Riverdale , in the longtime land of white - walled jalopies and conspicuously vanilla malt shops , this registers as notable .
" The introduction of Kevin is just about keeping the world of Archie Comics current and inclusive .
Archie 's hometown of Riverdale has always been a safe world for everyone .
It just makes sense to have an openly gay character in Archie comic books , " Archie Comics honcho Jon Goldwater said in announcing the news .
In a C2E2 interview ( clip below ) with Feast of Fun , Parent said that the comic is striving for more diversity and that the new character , Kevin Keller , reportedly will appear in Veronica Comics ( #202 ) in September , in an issue titled " Is n't It Bromantic ? "
( To see character art of Kevin , you can check the blog " Robot 6 . " )
In the " Bromantic ? " issue , " Everyone seems to know where Kevin is coming from except Veronica , " Victor Gorelick , editor in chief of Archie Comics , tells Comic Riffs .
" They do n't tell Veronica -- they let her stew in it for a while .
But he hangs out with Jughead -- they seem to have a connection as far as food goes . "
Judging by Gorelick and Parent , there 's nothing more to be read into that last statement .
Sometimes a malted is just a malted .
( images courtesy of Archie Comics )
Gorelick says none of the creative talent working on the Kevin story line is gay .
He notes , though , that Parent has a daughter in high school and is able to draw -- literally -- from a range of experiences at her school .
That might explain why Riverdale High will also see an influx of 50.students this fall , according to Gorelick .
" Another school will be shut because of budget cuts , and that closing will have a ripple effect , " he tells ' Riffs .
As for those readers who are confused because they thought Archie was now married to Veronica -- or Betty -- Gorelick says that flash - forward arc from last year will transition into a monthly magazine : " Life With Archie : The Married Life . "
Back in the Archie Comics and Veronica Comics stories , though , Archie is still single ( he 's just begun to call Pussycat Valerie his " Sugar , Sugar " ) ; the " Betty or Veronica ? " question rages on ; and Jughead and Kevin will bond over banana splits .
As for whether any other Riverdale students will be gay , Parent says : " Traditional Riverdale characters wo n't be coming out . "
No matter your need , the legal process will be difficult to navigate without a lawyer .
At Rogan & Associates LLC , we put our decades of experience to work .
Because of our familiarity with New Jersey laws and the options you have in a legal situation , we are incredibly efficient in what we do .
Four Norwegian soldiers in Afghanistan have been killed in a roadside bomb attack on their vehicle .
The Norwegian military said they were killed while on a mission in Faryab province , in the north of the country .
Sunday 's deaths mean nine Norwegian soldiers have been killed in Afghanistan .
Norway has a force of about 500 soldiers in Afghanistan , deployed in Kabul and the north , as part of the Nato - led coalition .
" They were in their armoured vehicle when a bomb exploded on the side of the road , " military spokeswoman Heidi Langvik Hansen told AFP news agency .
The deaths are the highest number of Norwegian troops killed in a single incident in Afghanistan , the defence ministry said .
June has been one of the worst months for Nato casualties in the nine - year war against Taliban insurgents .
Nato forces are attempting to bolster security in the country to defend President Hamid Karzai 's government in Kabul , but are facing stiff resistance from insurgents in many parts of the country , especially the south .
The Taliban were overthrown by US - led forces in 2001 .
Inspired by Andre ' Michelle 's Tone Matrix flash applet I decided to make a physical version - i.e. a box with buttons , flashing lights and knobs to turn .
I wanted 16x16 - the Bliptronic 5000 just does n't have enough lights .
All the existing 16x16 equivalents were more money than I wanted to pay : A Tenori - on costs something like $ 1000 .
Four Bliptronic 5000s cost $ 200 .
A monome two fifty six costs $ 1400 .
I was thinking more along the lines of $ 50 .
Besides which , I thought to myself , it would be fun to make it myself .
I decided to base it around the ATmega328 microcontroller used in the Arduino , after reading how easy it is to get started hardware hacking with the Arduino .
Yes , I know a Cortex M0 is a cheaper and more powerful chip , but I did n't know about these until I 'd already started with the ATmega328 .
Also , they 're more difficult to solder .
Because of my assembly programming roots , I wanted to push the CPU to its limits .
Sketching out the core audio and video assembly routines , I realized that with the Arduino's 16MHz clock rate , I could do 16 channel PWM audio at a sample rate of 15.625KHz ( i.e. a sample every 1024 cycles ) with a 256 - element 8 - bit waveform and arbitrary volumes and frequencies for each channel .
At the same time I could control a 16x16 LED matrix with a refresh rate of 61 Hz ( line rate of 976 Hz ) with each individual LED having an independent brightness ( duty cycle of 0 - 16 sample periods per frame , i.e. up to 1/16 in 1/256 increments ) using 32 bits of shift registers and the SPI lines ( at maximum speed it takes a significant number cycles to output so many bits , so this is interleaved with other code ) .
Unfortunately ( because of the large gamma of LEDs ) only a few of these are distinguishable .
With all of this going on in the background ( written in heavily optimized assembly language ) I still had enough spare CPU cycles to do some interesting foreground things .
The next problem was how to make the switch matrix and LED matrix .
I thought about buying 4 Bliptronic 5000s and tearing them apart , or using sixteen Sparkfun 4x4 button pads with PCBs , but both of those options cost more than I wanted to pay .
The cheapest high - brightness LEDs I could find cost $ 0.06 in quantity from Mouser , giving a screen cost of $ 15.36 - much more like it .
( Even cheaper prices are possible in greater volumes from Transistor Parts Wholesale ) .
I think this is the cheapest way of making a 6 " x6 " screen .
I had trouble thinking of a way to set up 256 switches over the LEDs without obscuring them or spending too much , until I remembered an effect I had noticed messing about with transistors years ago - you can make a touch switch out of a couple of transistors arranged in a Darlington configuration .
I could arrange them in a matrix like the LEDs so that the only per -switch cost was a couple of small sections of wire .
This could be threaded through an acrylic sheet which would serve a dual purpose - to diffuse the LEDs and to hold the switch wires .
I originally thought I would have 4 solder connections to the PCB per switch , but then I realized that that would be too difficult to solder and that it would be better to just connect my switch matrix at the edges .
The row strobes used for the switches are the same as the ones used for the LEDs , and the column strobes are accomplished with a couple of 8 - bit analogue multiplexers , so that only two Darlington pairs are needed for the entire matrix ( the final thing includes a third for a " menu " switch ) .
One tricky thing here turns out to be the capacitance - since the finger resistance is about 10 megaohms and we move on to the next switch 15,625 times per second , we need a capacitance of no more than 6 pF , which one gets from having just a few centimeters of wire in close proximity .
Fortunately that 's just for between the multiplexer and the Darlington pair - the switch matrix itself only changes configuration 976 times per second so we can get away with a larger capacitance .
Even so , I think this is at about the limit of practical resolution for such a matrix .
It proved necessary to put a capacitor between the base of the Darlington pair and ground to counteract the admittance of the switch matrix and reduce its sensitivity .
I used a double sided circuit board ( in order that I could have LED row wires on one side and column wires on the other ) , but I think if I were doing it again I 'd use a single sided board and just connect the columns by soldering the LED anodes to straight pieces of wire laid across the top of the board .
Between aligning the two sides correctly , doing very fiddly soldering under the components on the top side , making lots of vias and not being able to test most of the board until almost everything was soldered ( due to some of the component legs acting as vias ) it was more trouble than it was worth .
For debugging purposes , I made a connector so that the device could be connected via an Arduino and a USB port to a computer .
There is essentially a " non stop " debug interface built into the program - as it's running , one can send commands over the ATmega 's UART to peek and poke memory .
The sound quality is n't great at the moment - it was okay on the breadboard but the breadboarded version of the circuit had a " screen " of only 4 LEDs .
With 256 LEDs the ripples on the power supply are much bigger and there 's a lot of noise on the speaker when lots of the pixels are lit .
I did have some decoupling capacitors in the circuit but I drastically underestimated the amount of capacitance I would need - I 'll replace the capacitors with larger ones after my next Mouser order .
The final design has 4 potentiometers : tuning , volume , decay / sustain and tempo .
The software I wrote for it has lots of features :
Random mode : after each cycle through the pattern , extinguish one LED at random and light another at random .
This keeps the pattern varying .
Game of Life mode : after each cycle through the pattern , transform the pattern according to Conway 's rules .
Various waveforms : choose from sine wave , square wave , triangle wave ( which unfortunately sounds indistinguishable from the sine wave ) or two different types of random noise .
There are also a couple of different waveform editors so you can make up your own .
Tuning editor : the default scale is pentatonic but you can change it to use whichever frequencies you like .
Overrides for decay , tempo and tuning so they can be set via either digital or analogue controls .
Microtone mode : sets the matrix up as a 256 - key keyboard spanning 7.5 octaves with a 34 - TET tuning .
LEDs corresponding to the notes of the C major scale are lit ( which makes a pretty pattern ) .
Because of the way the switch matrix works , only chording within a row or a column is possible without introducing spurious notes .
Saving and loading patterns , waveforms , tunings and other settings to / from EEPROM .
Unfortunately there is a bug in the software at the moment which causes it to crash after saving .
Multi-pattern mode : loads a new pattern from EEPROM each time the current one finishes .
Sync in and sync out sockets : I believe these should be compatible with those on the Bliptronic 5000 , but I do n't have one to try it out with .
Ability to have less than 16 beats before repeat ( for making rhythms with different time signatures ) .
Just for fun , a red / green / blue LED triplet .
This displays a hue corresponding to the beat currently being played within the pattern .
It seems totally frivolous , but was quite handy for debugging this problem when the program was so broken that the serial code did n't even work .
There are a few more that I 've thought of but have n't implemented yet .
Almost half the flash is unused currently - enough to add a few games as well .
The machine runs great on 4 AA batteries ( 6.52 V according to my multimeter ) or from a 5V supply .
I think the ICs are rated up to 15 V or so , but the LED current limiting resistors would need to be increased to use a higher voltage .
One tricky thing about making this is threading all the wire through the acrylic sheet - I used fairly thick wire ( 22 AWG ) for strength so I had to be careful to avoid kinks and make sure the wire was tight each time .
Using thinner wire would be easier but flimsier .
I imagine that it could be mass produced more easily using techniques similar to making a double sided PCB ( i.e. using tracks and through - hole plated vias instead of a solid piece of wire ) .
In the end the parts cost for this adds up to $ 64.83 ( not counting time , broken tools and supplies like solder , toner , paper , acetone , steel wool , glue and ferric chloride ) , though not all of the parts I actually used were bought new ( I salvaged the speaker and a capacitor from an old alarm clock , for example ) .
It could probably be mass produced for significantly less ( particularly the case I imagine ) .
The schematics , source code , PCB layout and parts list are available here .
If you make a copy or derivative I 'd love to hear about it .
Enlarge Terry Yeast filed complaints with the FTC , the BBB and the federal Internet Crime Complaint Center .
TIPS FOR CONSUMERS TIPS FOR CONSUMERS WORK -AT -HOME SCHEMES : Examples of work - at - home schemes to avoid PROTECT YOURSELF : At - home medical billing job scams WHAT TO LOOK FOR :
Things to watch out for in ads for job hunting firms WHERE ARE THE JOBS ?
WHERE ARE THE JOBS ?
FORECASTS FOR REBOUND :
Map shows the latest outlook for all 50 states and 384 metro areas , by job sectors .
LOOKING FOR A JOB ? :
Try our Quick Job Search widget powered by CareerBuilder .
JOB SEARCH HELP : Videos from career counselors provide advice Work - at - home opportunities were supposed to help Chester Mazzoni , Susan Reid and Terry Yeast make ends meet .
The only one who made money was Mazzoni — and that stopped when a court - appointed receiver shut him down .
He used a work - at - home medical billing scam , EDI Healthclaims Network , to help fund his other businesses by persuading thousands of people to pay up to $ 6,000 for training and materials to start allegedly lucrative businesses .
Consumers got neither the clients nor the money they were promised , the FTC says .
Last month , Mazzoni pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio to criminal charges of conspiracy to commit mail fraud related to the work - at - home scheme .
He faces up to five years in prison when he is sentenced in August .
RED FLAGS : How to avoid being scammed Reid , who can't work outside the home because she cares for her terminally ill father , paid $ 1.95 to learn how to make money online .
Then she was charged another $ 49.95 but never received anything for the money .
Reid is one of more than a dozen people scammed by a company that goes by the names Search Profit System and Money Mastery , the Better Business Bureau says .
Terry Yeast , who suffers from debilitating arthritis and has two disabled children , decided to try working at home after her husband got laid off from his welding job .
She was already making crafts in a basement studio when she saw information online about Darling Angel Pins .
The company said individuals could earn up to $ 500 a week by making the pins at home .
Yeast sent in nearly $ 600 to register and purchase supplies , but when she sent in her pins , the company always rejected them , citing quality problems .
Work - at - home scams have been around for decades , but the economic downturn has given them a new urgency for both businesses and the unemployed .
While some work - at - home offers , such as home - based customer service agents , can be legitimate , the FTC and consumer advocates say most that promise generous profits from the comfort of home are not .
Complaints to the FTC about work - at - home scams are increasing faster than fraud complaints overall , up from 4,004 in 2006 to 7,955 last year .
RECOVERY WATCH : Tracking the economy JOBS OUTLOOK : Latest data for all states , 384 metros Implausible offers are flourishing .
There have also been big changes in how they 're advertised , largely online .
Scam artists know that many people are aware that work - at - home opportunities are often questionable , so the most egregious frauds " advertise that they are 100 % scam - free , " says Lois Greisman , the FTC 's associate director of marketing practices .
" With unemployment hovering around 10 % , more people are susceptible , " says Greisman , noting that the FTC is going after those " targeting people in dire need . "
The Internet has also allowed scam artists to move beyond more mundane envelope - stuffing and home assembly scams .
" What we see now is people paying for information to learn how to make money on the Internet , " says Better Business Bureau spokeswoman Alison Southwick .
" The downturn in the economy provides a lot of great opportunities for scammers to take advantage of a lot of people who are vulnerable . "
Southwick says one of the more common Internet schemes offers consumers the opportunity to sell Google ads , but recently she 's also seen scams that claim to teach consumers how to make money from Twitter and other social - networking tools .
Preying on the vulnerable Reid and her husband , Brian , a disabled veteran who has been unemployed since 1999 , researched Search Profit System only after their debit card had been charged an additional $ 49.95 .
" We figured this may not be so bad , and if we lose anything , it 's only going to be $ 1.95 , " says Brian Reid .
When they did their research , the couple found numerous complaints about Search Profit System and Money Mastery , another name the company used .
On the company 's website , which uses both the Search Profit System and Money Mastery logo , Reid noticed in very small print that those who do n't cancel their subscriptions within 24 hours would be charged $ 49.95 .
Reid says it took several calls to get his refund a month later , so he filed a complaint with the BBB .
Alan Williams , chief executive manager of Money Mastery , says his company licensed Mars Hill Media to sell his products .
But once he found out about the company 's tactics — such as setting up the Search Profit System website — he ended Money Mastery 's licensing agreement with Mars Hill Media .
" They had an obligation to operate legally and ethically and take care of the clients and all of that , " he says .
But Jane Diggs of the Utah BBB says Money Mastery was complicit in the scheme .
" Obviously , Money Mastery knew about it and could 've stopped those kinds of sales , " she says .
Messages left for Mars Hill Media were not returned .
Rosalind Jones , an administrative assistant in New York , was charged another $ 149.95 by Search Profit after she paid $ 1.95 .
Jones says she 'll never fall for a work - at - home scam again .
" I said , ' Wait a minute , you 're giving in more than you 're actually making , ' " she says .
" Why should I have to give you money to make money ? "
And that , says the FTC , is a key tip - off that a work - at - home offer might be a scam .
" One of the biggest red flags is requiring an upfront payment , " says the FTC's Greisman .
When her disabled mother also paid nearly $ 600 to Angel Pin Creations and failed to sell any pins back to the company , Yeast filed a complaint with the FTC , the BBB and the federal Internet Crime Complaint Center .
After the company was contacted by the BBB , Yeast got a check for $ 29.80 from the company .
Her complaint led to an FTC investigation and lawsuit filed last February .
After a court granted a temporary restraining order and asset freeze requested by the FTC , the company shut down .
Company officials could not be reached for comment .
In a sworn statement filed for the FTC 's case , Yeast wrote , " Every time I walk into my craft studio , I see all the Angel Pin supplies , and my heart drops to the floor . "
She noted her family could have used the money " to pay next month 's mortgage . "
" When I discovered that they had been in business since 1986 , and they had been able to defraud so many people for so long , I had to do something , " says Yeast , who is working a temporary accounting job that ends Thursday .
" I lost the rest of my savings that I thought I was going to turn into an income for my family . "
Funding other businesses Mazzoni used his work - at - home scam to keep four businesses , including a frozen - drink franchise company called Breeze Freeze , afloat , the FTC says .
The Livonia , Mich. , businessman , who did not return calls seeking comment , told Crain 's Detroit Business in 2005 that he invested more than $ 2 million in Breeze Freeze over the previous two years for equipment and a new headquarters .
From 1997 to 2006 , Mazzoni and Leo Lepo , an officer of EDI , told consumers that EDI Healthclaims Network would help them set up a medical billing business after they paid a " licensing fee " of $ 4,985 to $ 5,985 , the FTC said in its lawsuit .
Consumers , who were promised they would earn at least $ 1,200 a month , often made nothing and lost their upfront fee , according to the FTC 's lawsuit .
Company representatives also presented themselves as satisfied customers when consumers asked questions , the FTC said .
The FTC obtained a judgment against Mazzoni and others for more than $ 17 million in 2008 , according to the U.S. Attorney 's office for the Northern District of Ohio .
But Mazzoni declared bankruptcy after the FTC filed its lawsuit in 2006 , and the government was able to recover only $ 50,000 from EDI or its related companies to distribute to consumers who were victimized by the scheme .
After more assets were turned over , an administrator working for the FTC last month was able to send checks totaling $ 95,000 to 3,500 people defrauded by the scam .
" Thousands of innocent consumers have already paid the price for the alleged fraud described in today 's charges , " U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach said when he announced the mail fraud charges in April .
" Now , perhaps , those who perpetrated ( the ) fraud will pay a price at long last . "
EDI victim Noel Tufele - Jones of Wichita recently received a $ 29 check as part of the restitution .
It was a small token given the $ 5,900 she invested in EDI in the early 2000s .
Tufele - Jones says she drove from Kansas to Michigan for EDI training , which was in such a run-down building and so cursory that she immediately suspected fraud .
Worse yet , the salesman who persuaded her to sign up told her she'd be supplied with a list of clients , but Mazzoni told her at the training that it was n't true , she says .
" It was like a nightmare , " says Tufele - Jones .
" I 'm still struggling , but even more so with that setback . "
Mazzoni's is but one of a rash of medical billing scams pitched in recent years .
Those who respond to such pitches rarely find clients or make any money , much less the earnings they are promised in the promotions , says the FTC .
Even if the medical billing deals were n't scams , the FTC says there 's barely a market for small start - up billing companies because many doctors ' offices process their own medical claims .
Those that do n't typically contract out their medical billing to established firms , not people working out of their homes .
" We find the scam artists follow the headlines and count on victims knowing a little bit about what they 're offering , " say Jon Steiger , the FTC 's regional director for the East Central region .
" With the changes in health care , we will see more of these frauds . "
Christine Frietchen , editor in chief of the blog ConsumerSearch , which reviews products and services , says not all work - at - home deals should be written off .
While , she says , " home assembly and stuffing envelopes is a total and complete scam , " and " mystery shopping is a mixed bag , " home - based customer service agent pitches are typically " the real deal . "
The jobs , when advertised by major companies , involve taking orders , answering questions and fixing shipping problems .
And anyone with " a clean record , a good head , moderate computer skills and a quiet place to work can do it , " Frietchen says .
" Some of these work - at - home schemes can be really positive , and it is possible with careful research to eke out a pretty decent side business , " Frietchen says .
" But just like people have been advising us for years , there 's no easy answer and no get - rich - quick " guarantees .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
( NaturalNews )
A recent study from the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine in Rochester , Minnesota , has found that rheumatoid arthritis is on the increase among Caucasian women .
And the culprit is likely an environmental one , like vitamin D deficiency , rather than a genetic one .
"
It 's pretty unlikely that the genetic makeup of a population changed that quickly , " explained Dr. Sherine Gabriel , one of the authors of the study , in response to the likely cause of increase .
And she is right , considering that cases of rheumatoid arthritis had been decreasing into the mid 1990s .
The study included data from the Rochester Epidemiology Project , which evaluated the medical records of people living in Olmstead County , Minnesota , since the early 1900s .
The findings revealed that in recent years , there has been a slight increase in rheumatoid arthritis cases among Caucasian women , following a period of steady decrease among the entire population since the 1950s .
Smoking is commonly associated with causing rheumatoid arthritis , and since women have generally been slower at kicking the habit , researchers are hypothesizing that perhaps this has something to do with why rates among women are increasing .
" Women were sort of slower to pick up that bad habit , and they seem to be a little slower to drop it , " she explained .
Another hypothesis is that the composition of female oral contraceptives has changed over the years .
According to Gabriel , oral contraceptives used to have far more estrogen in them than they do today , which provides a protective benefit against rheumatoid arthritis .
So , with less estrogen , there is less protective benefit .
But perhaps the most likely cause is vitamin D deficiency , which has been increasing recently , especially among women .
Vitamin D plays an important role in protecting the body from disease , including maintaining bone and joint health .
People who do n't get enough of it are at a much higher risk of developing diseases like rheumatoid arthritis than those who maintain optimal levels .
Gabriel suggests that women who smoke stop the habit , and that women in general get their vitamin D levels checked .
Together , these proactive steps should help to stave off serious diseases like rheumatoid arthritis
The best way to get vitamin D is through sunlight exposure , but foods like oily fish and raw milk are also rich in the vitamin .
Vitamin D3 supplements in the form of cholecalciferol are also a good option as well .
Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner has announced to Parliament he will not be contesting the seat of Melbourne at the forthcoming election .
Mr Tanner , one of the most senior figures in the Labor government , said he would be leaving political life after the election , with the exception of working for the cause of African - Australians .
Minister for Finance and Deregulation Lindsay Tanner in Parliament .
Credit : Stefan Postles
Mr Tanner stressed that his departure was not related to Julia Gillard 's challenge for the Labor leadership , and that he had an appointment booked with former prime minister Kevin Rudd for 9.30 am today this morning to advise him of the decision to leave .
He also stressed that his departure , in order to spend more time with his four children , was unrelated to whether or not he would win the seat of Melbourne , where he is expected to come under strong challenge for the Greens .
What 's worse , is that I have heard that some Probation officers are CHOOSING Teen Challenge and demanding graduation OR else their " person on probation " goes to prison / jail .
In other words , sign onto the " Assemblies of God " religion , walk the walk , " speak in tongues " etc .... or you 'll go to jail .
Does n't this smack of civil rights violations !!!???
NOTE :
Please read my blog post entitled " Proof That Courts Are Sentencing People To Teen Challenge " )
Not long after the [ iPad went on sale in early April ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2010/jun/10/ipad-revolution/), the Ilinois Institute of Technology announced that it would be providing each member of next fall ’s freshman class with one of the new Apple devices .
School officials said that the iPad would allow students to take notes , check email , and read books .
Which books they had in mind is not precisely clear except for this : they are not likely to be textbooks .
While a number of publishers , like McGraw - Hill and Houghton Mifflin , have signed on with software developer ScrollMotion to produce textbooks for the iPad — works that would exploit its multimedia capabilities with video lectures , historical film clips , educational games , and interactive quizzes — almost none of those books yet exist .
Students hoping to lighten their load ( physical or monetary ) by trading heavy , expensive textbooks for the 1.5 pound iPad will be disappointed , as early adopters of new technology often are .
Pricing , already an issue for commercial books , is likely going to be even more controversial when it comes to textbooks .
Will a new , improved , ebook version of “ Atlas of Human Anatomy ” cost the same as than the bell - less and whistle - less $ 149 paper edition ?
How much will students pay to have fun and exciting and clever textbooks that do n’t actually exist in the material world ?
For all its supposed interactivity , the iPad is a surprisingly static machine , especially for reading .
And for the moment , few other universities are showing signs of embracing it for student use .
One of the guilty pleasures of an actual , ink - on - paper book is the possibility of marking it up — underlining salient passages , making notes in the margins , dog-earing a page .
While it ’s true that some electronic book platforms for the iPad allow highlighting ( it even looks like you ’ve used a fat neon yellow or blue or orange marker ) , and a few — most notably Kindle and Barnes and Noble but not iBooks — allow you to type notes , they barely take advantage of being digital .
It is not possible to “ capture ” your notes and highlights , to organize , compile , arrange , or to print them out .
Until there is a seamless way to do this , marginalia will remain sequestered in the margins , and the promise of electronic books will be unrealized .*
There are work - arounds that can overcome some of the current drawbacks of the iPad and suggest where it needs to go .
The one I ’ve settled on is this : download to your iPad Amazon ’s Kindle app — which allows you to read Kindle books on a non-Kindle device — then download an app called Browser Notes , and one called Print Bureau .
( Only the Kindle app is free . )
Using the Kindle app , highlight and take notes on whatever Kindle book you are reading .
When the last page has been turned , open Browser Notes , type in the Kindle URL ( kindle.amazon.com ) , go to the highlights you just made , select them all and copy them .
Because Browser Notes offers a split screen , it is simple to tap on the lower half of the screen , hit paste , and see your highlights and notes .
( There will not be quotation marks or pages numbers . )
From here you can go to Print Bureau , open its clipboard , and print .
Or you can email the file to yourself and print from Print Bureau ’s email tab .
Either way it ’s a complicated choreography that requires a fair amount of concentration to avoid getting tripped up .
Someday there may be an iPad app to get you there directly .
Someday there may be a stylus and a way to physically write in the margins .
Someday there may be optical character recognition software that turns those scribbles into manipulable text .
Someday .
The iPad is a work in progress .
Use it for a while and you will bump up against its limitations .
When you do , you ’ll find yourself missing the most utilitarian features of a laptop or PC — the mouse , the multitasking , the word processing .
I ’ll venture that this is intentional : just as the pre-release iPad publicity stirred up desire for the “ magical ” device , sight unseen , so the post - release iPad reminds users that they still want / need a more robust personal computer .
When Apple opens a new door , it is careful not to shut the one behind it .
The iPad has to be different enough from the company ’s three other revenue streams — computers , iPods and iPhones — not to compromise their sales .
There was a reason why , amid all the hype , the dominant sentiment was that the iPad was a “ game - changer ” — something you did n’t already own .
As it is built now , the iPad is the ultimate consumer device , meant primarily to consume media , not to produce it .
That ’s why , in its first iteration , it has no native printing application , no camera , no USB ports for peripherals .
But the impulse to make it into something else , a lightweight computer that can stand in for a PC in the classroom , at a meeting , on the road , wherever , is strong .
This is why iPad users have been buying keyboards to bypass the touchscreen , and finding apps that allow for rudimentary multitasking , printing , and remote access to one ’s home computer in order to use non-iPad - enabled software like Microsoft Word .
The paradox of having designed the ultimate consumer device is that ultimately the consumers will make of it what they want — if Google , with its rumored Chrome Tablet , does n’t get there first .
The financial crisis of 2008 made it inevitable that unemployment would rise sharply through 2009 .
It also caused the budget deficit to skyrocket :
Most voters , of course , do n't follow these issues closely enough to gain a detailed understanding of cause and effect .
They just tend to notice that unemployment and the budget deficit have risen while President Obama has held office .
Republicans have worked assiduously to blame these conditions on Obama 's policies even though they were obviously caused by conditions he inherited .
At the same time , they have worked relentlessly to create a social stigma around his efforts to push back .
The result of this campaign can be seen in things like Politico 's weekend article chastising Obama for blaming his predecessor :
President Barack Obama is trying to ride the wave of anti-incumbency by taking on an unpopular politician steeped in the partisan ways of Washington .
It does n’t matter that George W. Bush left office 16 months ago .
The White House ’s mid-term election strategy is becoming clear – pit the Democrats of 2010 against the Republicans circa 2006 , 2008 and 2009 , including Bush .
It ’s a lot to ask an angry , finicky electorate to sort out .
And even if Obama can rightfully make the case that the economy took a turn for the worse under Bush 's watch , he 's already made it - in 2008 and repeatedly in 2009 .
It ’s not clear that voters still want to hear it .
The story quotes ten sources commenting on Obama 's occassional habit of faulting the Bush administration .
Of the ten , eight criticize Obama .
BlazeHtml 0.1
Published on June 20 , 2010 under the tag A first release of the BlazeHtml projectPublished on June 20 , 2010 under the tag haskell
This is another blogpost about BlazeHtml – the project I am working on for Google Summer of Code for haskell.org .
Today , I am glad to announce we have a first version of BlazeHtml ready for use .
Note that this is a 0.1 release – so beware of bugs .
We have also created a website for the project .
Support for HTML 4 Strict and HTML 5
We support HTML 5 as well as HTML 4 Strict .
In the feature , we hope to expand this set to the other ( X ) HTML variants , and perhaps XML .
There is no “ default ” HTML specified : it depends entirely on the modules you import .
For example .
if you want HTML 4 , you import Text .
Blaze.Html4 .Strict , whereas if you want HTML 5 , you need to import Text .
Blaze .
Html5 .
Pretty fast
We think that BlazeHtml is pretty fast and have some benchmarks supporting these claims .
There ’s more information available on the benchmarks page about that .
Documentation
Documentation can never be underestimated : it is of vital importance if you want people to use your library .
There is a preliminary tutorial available for now , and two examples .
Outlook
So , after this first release , here is a list of things we will focus on next :
Expand the implementation so that we can support fast output of String and Text as well as UTF - 8 encoded ByteString .
and as well as UTF - 8 encoded .
Add more HTML / XHTML variants .
Examine the possibility to improve our changes to Data .
Binary .
Builder for general use in a separate library ( Utf8 Builder , TextBuilder , … ) .
for general use in a separate library ( , , … ) .
Write a BlazeHtml generator translating a Html page to the corresponding BlazeHtml haskell code .
This greatly simplifies initial imports and importing of new snippets .
Feedback
As always , feedback is more than welcome !
This is a community project , after all .
If you ’re interested , also check out the blogs of the other Google Summer of Code participants for haskell.org !
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , already under fire for its actions leading up to the financial crisis , came under attack from a federal commission that accused it of refusing to divulge information , including documents detailing its controversial bets on the mortgage market .
Saying it had been stonewalled , the federal commission investigating the financial crisis on Monday took the unusual step of issuing a subpoena to Goldman that demanded information about the investment bank ’s role before and during the mortgage meltdown and credit crunch .
The panel , formally called the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission , said it resorted to the subpoena after Goldman responded to an initial request by sending a massive amount of electronic documents — the equivalent of 2.5 billion pages — without saying where in those documents the answers to the commission ’s specific questions might lie .
“ We did not ask them to pull up a dump truck to our offices to dump a bunch of rubbish , ” commission Chairman Phil Angelides told reporters during a telephone conference call .
A Goldman spokesman said , “ We have been and continue to be committed to providing the FCIC with the information they have requested . ”
The commission provided a list Monday of the numerous instances since January of this year when Goldman did not respond to requests from the commission , or responded late or with incomplete submissions .
It also said it had been stymied in efforts to get interviews with key Goldman executives .
In May , the commission wrote to Goldman and said that commission staff members “ did not understand the continual delays and the inability or unwillingness to provide the information requested despite the fact that commission staff had granted extensions for Goldman to respond and had participated in numerous written and verbal communications , ” according to a document from the commission .
The commission ’s lashing out at the bank is the latest in a long line of PR blows absorbed by Goldman .
Long the most profitable and prestigious U.S. investment bank , Goldman emerged from the financial crisis stronger than any of its Wall Street rivals , but since then has endured harsh criticism for how it does business .
The Securities and Exchange Commission sued the firm in April , accusing it of fraud in its marketing of complex mortgage - related securities in 2007 .
Goldman has denied wrongdoing in the case .
Since then , the company has been at the receiving end of a barrage of lawsuits , unsympathetic congressional hearings and unflattering articles .
Lloyd Blankfein , Goldman ’s chief executive , has talked in recent weeks about efforts the firm was making to improve its relationships with the public and government officials by becoming more open and transparent .
But the latest development suggested to some on Wall Street that the company ’s openness campaign still had a way to go .
“ These guys have a trading mentality — you try to collect as much information as possible and give as little information as possible , so they can gain and maintain the edge , ” said Larry Doyle , a former Wall Street trader who blogs about the financial industry .
“ Lloyd and team can talk all they want about implementing changes , but their DNA is such that it would require more than just some tweaks . ”
Goldman ’s reputation has deteriorated this year more than those of its largest rivals , according to a global poll by Bloomberg of investors and analysts , the financial data provider ’s news service reported Monday .
Of those surveyed , 83 % said Goldman ’s stature had diminished in the last six months .
Next was UBS of Switzerland with 27 % .
The panel said at least a half dozen other major U.S. banks had supplied it with detailed responses to its questions .
Goldman was “ the outlier , ” Angelides said .
“ What have they got to hide ? ” commission Vice Chairman Bill Thomas asked during the call with reporters .
Congress created the bipartisan commission last year to provide a broad look into the credit - market debacle and the resulting crash in financial markets .
Its final report is due in December .
Angelides said Goldman appeared to be making “ a very deliberate effort to run out the clock ” on the commission .
The vast majority of the hundreds of people and firms contacted by the panel have provided information without being compelled by subpoena , the commission said .
But the investigators had to resort to subpoenas to get testimony last week from Moody ’s Corp. and billionaire Warren Buffett for a hearing on the role of credit - rating firms in the mortgage meltdown .
The news Monday helped push Goldman ’s share price lower .
The stock closed off $ 3.57 , or 2.5 % , at $ 138.68 on a down day for the market overall and financial stocks in particular .
nathaniel.popper@latimes.com
tom.petruno@latimes.com
You have to do much more now to get into a top school like Yale or West Point , and you have to start a lot earlier . …
I sat on the Yale College admissions committee a couple of years ago .
…
It turned out that a student who had six or seven extracurriculars was already in trouble .
Because the students who got in — in addition to perfect grades and top scores — usually had 10 or 12 . ….
People who can climb the greasy pole of whatever hierarchy they decide to attach themselves to .
But I think there ’s something desperately wrong , and even dangerous , about that idea . …
The head of my department had no genius for organizing or initiative or even order , no particular learning or intelligence , no distinguishing characteristics at all .
Just the ability to keep the routine going . …
Why is it so often that the best people are stuck in the middle and the people who are running things — the leaders — are the mediocrities ?
Because excellence is n’t usually what gets you up the greasy pole .
What gets you up is a talent for maneuvering . …
You will find yourself in environments where what is rewarded above all is conformity .
I tell you so you can decide to be a different kind of leader .
…
For too long we have been training leaders who only know how to keep the routine going .
Who can answer questions , but do n’t know how to ask them .
Who can fulfill goals , but do n’t know how to set them .
Who think about how to get things done , but not whether they ’re worth doing in the first place . …
What we do n’t have , in other words , are thinkers .
People who can think for themselves .
…
Thinking means concentrating on one thing long enough to develop an idea about it .
Not learning other people ’s ideas , or memorizing a body of information , however much those may sometimes be useful .
Developing your own ideas .
In short , thinking for yourself .
You simply cannot do that in bursts of 20 seconds at a time , constantly interrupted by Facebook messages or Twitter tweets .
( more )
It is tempting to agree that our organizations are inefficient because they systematically fail to reward the right sort of thinking .
After all , the author of the above and I fancy ourselves as this other neglected but superior sort of thinker .
But while there are indeed many sorts of thinkers , this author offers no evidence that the currently rewarded mix is actually the wrong mix .
( And it is a bad sign that it does n’t seem to occur to him to look for such evidence . )
Routine - preserving conformists may not look as impressive to the eyes of foragers , to Versailles courtiers , or to me .
But they may still be what our world most needs , and so most rewards .
See also the overlapping debate on if multitasking is vital or vile .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
In the U.S. today we largely accept and encourage girls ’ experimentation with boy - coded things , but we are still extremely ambivalent , if not downright condemnatory , of boys experimenting with girl - coded things .
This excerpt from an Ann Landers advice column from 1974 shows that Landers had the same asymmetrical concerns almost 40 years ago .
The parents ask about the sex - crossed play behavior of both their daughter and their son , but Landers fixates on the son , suggesting that if he continues such play he should get checked out .
From Ms .
ARLINGTON , Texas --
Even after 15 big league seasons , game - winning hits are a thrill for Vladimir Guerrero .
The 35 - year - old slugger singled home the winning run with two outs in the ninth inning and the Texas Rangers won their 11th straight game , rallying from an early four - run deficit to beat the struggling Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Thursday night .
Elvis Andrus drew a one - out walk in the ninth from Steven Jackson ( 0 - 1 ) and went to second on Michael Young 's single .
Andrus dashed to third on Ian Kinsler 's flyout and scored when Guerrero laced a 2 - 2 pitch to left , completing a three - game sweep for the Rangers .
Guerrero was mobbed by teammates as he rounded first base following his second game - ending hit for Texas and the 13th of his career .
" It 's a family that wins together , " Guerrero said through a translator .
" We 're playing really well . "
Josh Hamilton had three hits for the AL West leaders , extending his career - best hitting streak to 18 games .
Texas ' winning streak is the longest in the majors this season .
The club record is 14 consecutive wins in 1991 .
" They do n't quit , " Rangers manager Ron Washington said .
" They do n't give up .
They play all nine innings .
They never really feel they 're out of games . "
Frank Francisco ( 6 - 3 ) allowed two hits in a scoreless ninth , setting a career high for wins .
Pittsburgh starter Jeff Karstens gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings after the Pirates were knocked around for 19 runs in the first two games of the series .
This is the course that changed film education and is credited with over $ 16 Billion in Box Office successes .
$ 289 - $ 389
by Joseph Yun Li-sun
Two of four players ( goalie Kim Myong - won , mid-fielders Kim Kyong-il and Pak Sung - hyok and striker An Chol - hyok ) not on squad list are thought to have asked for political asylum in an African country .
FIFA denies , claiming an error in list transcript .
Next Monday , North Korea plays Portugal ; its star player , Jong Tae-se , who wept at the sound of national anthem , has never lived in North Korea .
Seoul ( AsiaNews ) –
The absence of four North Korean players whose names were not on the squad list for the match with Brazil was a simple transcript error , a FIFA official told reporters , as they tried to get information about their whereabouts .
The four “ missing ” players are goalie Kim Myong - won , mid-fielders Kim Kyong-il and Pak Sung - hyok and striker An Chol - hyok .
Sources in South Korea say however that two of the four players , the goalie and striker , might have asked an African nation for political asylum , and were punished by the team ’s security handlers .
The attempt to defect apparently is due to “ fear over the next match ” , a source said .
On Monday , North Korea plays Portugal , the team they lost to 5 - 3 in the 1966 World Cup in England .
Angered by the result , then North Korean dictator Kim Il - sung had most players shipped off to a labour camp .
Team leader Pak Doo-ik , who scored against Italy causing the Azzurri to go down to defeat , spent 15 years cutting wood because of the defeat against Portugal .
Now history is repeating itself .
The Chollima ( winged horses ) , as the team is know , are afraid they might end up the same way , everyone , except Jong Tae-se , the player that endeared himself to the whole world when he wept when North Korea ’s national anthem was played before the match with Brazil .
Born and raised in Japan , he has a South Korean father and a North Korean mother , and holds South Korean passport ; however , thanks to FIFA mediation in 2007 , he was able to play for the North .
Speaking to reporters , Jong said he wept when the anthem was played “ for the emotion of finally representing North Korea against the best team in the world . ”
Talking about himself , he said that his favourite food is bulgogi or North Korean - style barbecued beef , that he has no TV or fridge , useless in his view , and that he respects “ South Korea for having an open and international mindset ” , but prefers the North for the greatness of its people .
In fact , he plays in a Japanese football league and has never lived in North Korea .
Still , he will star in the match against Portugal .
North Korean coach Kim Jong - hun has said that his patriotic attitude has already been “ noted by our leader Kim Jong - il ” .
Coach Kim also said that he gets " regular tactical advice during matches " from Jong - il himself , " using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye , ” which the ‘ Dear Leader ’ “ developed himself ” .
North Korea ’s dictator is known for his inspired ideas , usually presented in great pomp and ceremony to North Korea ’s press and nation .
The last one dates back to 2004 , when during an official dinner for party leaders and army generals , his kitchen staff served one of his great culinary concoctions , later described as “ sublime ” by those present , namely hamburgers .
Yesterday ’s sale of author Michael Crichton ’s art collection netted a whopping $ 93.3 million , setting a new record for a Jasper Johns artwork ( as we predicted on Monday ) .
The writer , who died last year and was a longtime friend of Johns , had bought the iconic “ Flag , 1960 - 1966 ” from the artist almost 40 years ago .
Auctioneer Christie ’s International brought the gavel down on the Stars and Stripes artwork for $ 28.6 million , busting the previous record for a painting by Johns by over $ 11 million .
The rest of the author ’s collection sold above estimates as well .
The gallery where the auction was held , on the second floor of Chrisite ’s Rockefeller Center headquarters , was jammed with high rollers .
A clutch of Upper East Side champagne blondes hung on men with Gordon Gekko - like slicked back hair in the equivalent of the orchestra seats .
In the back , a pair of artfully nipped and tucked women , dripping with diamond bracelets and Louis Vuitton leather goods , climbed over chairs to try and snag a seat .
Attendees included Marc Jacobs , Salman Rushdie , Michael Ovitz , and Peter Brant .
Around 75 % of the buyers were American .
Eli Broad , the L.A. - based financier put it thus : “ No one wants paper money –they all want art . ”
The evening started badly , with Crichton ’s name misspelled on monitors in the showroom , but Christie ’s staff quickly recovered and put on a rollicking good show , with the auctioneer becoming increasingly gleeful as the high bids piled up .
When Johns ’s “ Flag ” was unveiled , a buzz ran through the room .
Bidding raced ever higher , topping $ 15 M in under 15 seconds before coming to a close at $ 25.5 ( before Christie ’s commissions , etc . )
The whole contemporary art sale , including works by Andy Warhol , Yves Klein , Pablo Picasso and Roy Lichtenstein , raised almost a quarter of a billion dollars – $ 231.9 million , to be precise .
As well as Johns , a quartet of artists set records : Sam Francis , Lee Bontecou , Christopher Wool , and Mark Tansey .
Tansey ’s piece , “ Push / Pull ” a large canvas , painted in blue , that features ex PR bad girl Lizzie Grubman inching out over a crevice on a ledge that , under close inspection , is revealed to be a smashed Mercedes SUV ( above ) , sold for $ 3,218,500 — far above its high estimate of $ 1.2 M .
Eli Broad lost the bidding war for that particular piece .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 22/6/2010 ( 3753 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Vaclav Smil
Although University of Manitoba professor Vaclav Smil keeps such a low profile that most people in the community have n't heard of him , Bill Gates has .
And the American billionaire says we would be wise to heed the Winnipeg professor .
Gates has praised Smil on his website for his innovative stance on energy policies .
Gates wrote that Smil 's books and research have opened his eyes to a new understanding of energy and environmental problems .
" If you are interested in learning more about the foundation of our energy system , the issues we face and opportunities to address them , I highly recommend his books , " Gates wrote on thegatesnotes.com .
Smil is a distinguished professor in the Faculty of Environment , Earth , and Resources at the U of M .
His research takes an interdisciplinary look at connections between energy use , environmental issues , population , food , economics and public policy .
He has written several books on these topics .
He has earned fame around the world as an expert in this field , but his work seems to have fallen under the radar in Canada .
Faculty dean Norman Halden said Smil is " a great character " who adds to the fabric of the U of M .
Though Smil is media- shy , declining an interview with the Free Press , Halden says he 's prone to lively debates on campus .
" The last time I ran into him in the corridor , we argued for four hours , " Halden chuckled .
" He is one of the best critical thinkers regarding comprehensive interactions between humans and the Earth , " Halden said .
In a time when the world is rethinking its dependence on oil , Smil 's work may be particularly important .
But his outlook on the world 's fossil - fuel energy problem may not be what people want to hear .
According to his website , Smil contends that carbon sequestration , electric cars and alternative energy technologies will not provide the solutions environmentalists are looking for due to cost , the time they take to develop and social factors that will hamper their acceptance by the public .
Halden is happy Smil has made a connection with Gates , who , according to his website , hosted Smil on a visit to his office to discuss energy issues .
He finds it encouraging an innovator of Gates ' stature is interested in ongoing work at the U of M .
Gates recommends four of Smil 's books : Energy at the Crossroads : Global Perspectives and Uncertainties ; Global Catastrophes and Trends : The Next Fifty Years ; Enriching the Earth : Fritz Haber , Carol Bosch and the Transformation of World Food Production ; Energies : An Illustrated Guide to the Biosphere and Civilization .
sandy.klowak@freepress.mb.ca
However , he denies touching another nurse and a receptionist inappropriately — one on the stomach and the other on the bottom — and claims that his fitness to practise has not been impaired .
The latest in a series of public presentation on the proposed new Tappan Zee Bridge is set for Wednesday .
The open house , focusing on the proposed new bridge and other transit options for Rockland County , will take place from 4 - 8 p.m. at Palisades Center mall in West Nyack , in the Adler Room on the fourth floor .
The deteriorating bridge carries far more traffic than it was designed for , in part because it was constructed during the Korean War when steel and other building materials were being used for the war effort .
The use of lesser - quality building materials meant the bridge was designed to last only about 50 years .
The proposed project includes building a new bridge to replace the aging Tappan Zee Bridge , adding passenger train service on Metro - North 's Hudson Line to and from Grand Central Terminal , adding bus service from Suffern to Port Chester along Interstate 287 and building two multimodal stations in Clarkstown for those train and bus lines .
Each bridge option has four lanes in each direction , two railroad tracks , two bus lanes and a shared - use pedestrian / bicycle path on one side of the span .
There are three single - level options and three dual - level ones .
The designs range in width from 185 - 280 feet , or two to three times the width of the current bridge .
The current cost estimates for the project is about $ 16 billion ( $ 6.4 billion for the bridge , $ 6.7 billion for the rail line and $ 2.9 billion for the bus lanes ) .
That total could increase depending on which option is chosen and how long it takes to complete it .
That would be money well spent , according to Bruce Michaels of New City , a member of a task force put together in March by Clarkstown Supervisor Alex Gromack to examine the project 's impact on the town .
" I 'm very excited for this opportunity for Clarkstown and Rockland County and Orange County , " Michaels said .
" This opens up a whole new world of people who can move to the area . "
The project would provide better and easier access to the county , Michaels said .
While some may be concerned about the cost , especially during a time of fiscal uncertainty at the state level , he said people need to have a long - term view of the project 's benefits to the region 's residents now and for several generations to come .
" You have to spend money to generate money and to build your infrastructure , " Michaels said .
" I see it as being very successful if it does take place . "
Wayne Ballard , the superintendent of highways for Clarkstown and another task force member , agrees the proposed project would benefit the area , especially the added train and bus service .
" Anytime you get people off the road and onto mass transit it's a good thing , " Ballard said .
" I 'd love to see trains ; that would be a great thing for our towns . "
Ballard 's primary concerns are to ensure the town 's traffic and aesthetics are not disturbed by the plan and do n't create additional problems for local residents .
" If it 's happening – and I think it will happen – I want my town to be protected so my residents are minimally impacted , " he said .
One area of prime concern for Ballard is the proposed station at Palisades Center .
The plan includes too many difficult to navigate roads to get in and out of
the station , located near one of the mall 's parking lots .
" Maybe they need to rethink that so there 's a smoother transition , " said Ballard , who added he was told state officials in charge of the plan would address that concern .
State officials overseeing the project are hopeful of completing and submitting a draft environmental impact statement for federal review by the end of the year .
Final approval could come as early as next year , they said .
If the money for the bridge and highway work is approved , construction on the project could begin as early as 2013 .
In the meantime , deck replacement work on the bridge continues .
Since September 2007 , the state has been replacing significant portions of the bridge 's deck .
When completed , approximately 96 percent of the original deck will have been replaced since the bridge opened in 1955 .
The project is slated for completion in the winter of 2012 .
In Japan , being thin is n't just the price you pay for fashion or social acceptance .
It 's the law .
So before the fat police could throw her in pudgy purgatory , Miki Yabe , 39 , a manager at a major transportation corporation , went on a crash diet .
In the week before her company 's annual health check - up , Yabe ate 21 consecutive meals of vegetable soup and hit the gym for 30 minutes a day of running and swimming .
'' It 's scary , '' said Yabe , who is 160 centimetres tall and weighs 60 kilograms .
'' I gained two kilos this year . ''
In Japan , already the slimmest industrialised nation , people are fighting fat to ward off dreaded metabolic syndrome and comply with a government - imposed waistline standard .
Metabolic syndrome , known here simply as ' ' metabo ' ' , is a combination of health risks , including stomach flab , high blood pressure and high cholesterol , that can lead to cardiovascular disease and diabetes .
Oh ladies and gentlemen , thank you very much .
I do n't know what source John uses .
It was a temporary blip .
I have 370,000 more followers than Sarah Brown as of this morning but I wish her well .
My lords , ladies , honoured guests , dears and darlings , it 's an extraordinary honour to be asked to deliver this BAFTA lecture .
Honours of course are responsibilities .
They can be poisoned chalices , they can be vulnerable hostages to a malicious fortune .
After all , there is really no greater honour on earth than being asked to keep goal for England .
There is as far as I know no profession in this country that likes to talk about itself more than broadcasting .
Over the past few years I 've been asked if I might consider contributing to talks , lectures , speeches , panels and other debates , disquisitions , discourses , diatribes and discussions all over the country .
There is the Dimbleby lecture of course , the MacTaggart in Edinburgh , the RTS , the Royal Television Society , the BAFTA .
There are lectures in colleges as part of conferences , in - house and out of house .
Themes I 've had put to me include programming in the digital age , the future of public service broadcasting , the commercial sector and its challenges , indies and their enemies , comedy in the world of compliance , TV and social networking .
The list goes on and on .
The film industry does n't do anything like this on such a scale .
Nor does the music industry or the publishing industry so far as I 'm aware .
Maybe it 's because talking is what people in television do best .
Maybe it 's because television is uniquely in a state of crisis , transition , change and revolution , or perhaps it 's something to do with the desperate sense that broadcasters have that they need to justify and explain themselves all the time .
Your guess is probably much better than mine as to the reason .
I am fully and furiously and timorously aware that over the course of the next forty minutes or so I might say a thousand harmless , possibly even true , things and yet make one hasty or ill - considered remark and it will dog me for weeks to come for I am to talk about television , and if there is one thing that the newspapers of this country like to pounce upon , it is any breath of criticism directed from an insider at broadcasting networks and their executives .
It 's one of the media 's favourite indoor sports .
Imagine for example that I were to heap praise on the hierarchy of the BBC for forty minutes but devote just one quarter of one minute to questioning – oh I do n't know – Junior Apprentice for example , a programme I have never incidentally seen so do n't expect me actually to remark on it .
It 's like Krygyzstan .
I know it exists but the chances of me ever spending any time there are very remote .
For all I know however , Junior Apprentice sets new standards in intelligent superbly conceived and brilliantly executed public service broadcasting .
The point is that were I to give just one sideways swipe at it , my earlier forty minutes of praise would be ignored .
" In a withering attack on the BBC and its management , Stephen Fry unleashed a devastating criticism of reality programming " , or " At BAFTA last night Fry launched a personal attack on director general Mark Thompson that had an amazed audience of industry insiders reeling in their designer seats " , etc etc .
You get the picture .
No matter how circumspect I intend to be , that will happen .
I suppose I could deliver a lecture so bland , so complimentary , so suffused with love , admiration and optimism that even a cultural journalist would be unable to read licence fee scepticism or compliance doubt into it but I have n't been asked here to be bland and I would be failing in what I suppose I might pompously call my duty if I were not at least to attempt to address the issues of today in relation to television as I see them but first I have some interests to declare .
You will have to judge how much I am either a sycophantic supplicant , toadying to the executives who put bread in my mouth , or how much I am a suicidal idiot dumb enough to bite the hands that feed me .
Much of my life is spent working for broadcasting companies , for networks as Americans call them .
I am lucky enough to be employed by the BBC and by ITV as a freelance actor , presenter , documentary maker and other such figures .
Some programmes I 'm involved with are directly commissioned and made by the broadcasters in - house .
Others are pitched and produced by independent companies and on that head I must declare another interest .
I am in the independent production business myself .
With my partner Gina Carter I founded some years ago a small company called Sprout Pictures and a little while later 25 % of it was bought by BBC Worldwide with whom we therefore have a kind of loose affiliation including a First Look distribution deal .
All this is public domain and very boring for anyone but some might be interested , and you must take whatever comments I have to make in the light of that information .
I think it only right for me to background it before I begin .
On top of that I have interests in various start - ups , digital on - line start - ups , that might be considered in direct competition to the existing broadcasting structures and – how I hate the phrase – business models .
So you might think I have reason on the one hand to placate and sweeten the executives in the traditional television companies , and reason on the other to undermine and weaken their very foundations .
But I have to declare an even greater interest , one that I hope you believe will override any petty business or professional interests I might be said to have as an actor or a writer or a producer or minor entrepreneur .
I have to declare that I love television .
I love Britain .
I 'm a patriot , not a nationalist but a patriot .
I think Clemenceau was asked when he accused someone of being not a patriot but a nationalist , what the difference was .
He said a patriot loves a country , a nationalist hates everyone else's .
I am certainly not a blind my country right or wrong type of person .
Because I love Britain , like most Britons I get desperately upset at her failings : when it goes wrong , when it gets it totally totally wrong , when it 's shoddy , when it 's inefficient , incompetent , rude , vulgar , embarrassing , when it slips into national torpor or boils into bouts of embarrassing national fever .
I can moan about health and safety gone mad and leaves on the line , rail networks and crap service and crap weather and crap sporting achievements and crap politicians and crap newspapers and crap attitude .
I can do all that .
In fact it 's the defining signature quality of my Britishness to talk like that , to complain and to self - castigate but does it mean that I do n't love this damned country ?
Does it mean that I do n't get weepy when I think of its history , its people , its countryside , its richness , its plurality , the cultural and artistic energy , the good humour , tolerance , the ability to evolve for good , achingly slow as that ability might be ?
Does it mean that I do n't as it were stand to attention when I think of the sacrifice of our military , the selfless good of so many working in hospitals and schools and rescue services and the million acts of unremembered kindness , decency and good fellowship practised every day by unsung heroes and heroines in every walk of life ?
Of course it does n't mean that I do n't love and respect that .
One carps and one criticises because one loves .
So we have first and foremost to grow up and recognise that to be human and to be adult means constantly to be in the grip of opposing emotions , to have daily to reconcile apparently conflicting tensions .
I want this , but need that .
I cherish this , but I adore its opposite too .
I 'm maddened by this institution yet I prize it above all others .
I hope it 's abundantly clear to all of us that only a mad man would question the patriotism of someone who criticises their own country , often in the most damning terms .
So let it be with television .
I love television in this country .
I love the range and richness of the programming .
I love its ambition , its scope , its innovation .
I love the tradition , the technological innovation , the gossip , the corporate drama on the inside , the reach and influence on the outside .
I admire the talent and the commitment of so many working in the field .
I love everything about what television has been , what it still is and what it might yet be .
If I criticise anything about it , I hope you will be able to see that I do so as with nationhood , from the point of view of love not enmity .
I grew up in what seems now to me and to most cultural and broadcast historians to have been a golden age in television .
Hugh Carleton - Green and Lord Hill ruled the BBC in what appeared to be a long Edwardian summer of prosperity , innovation , experiment and success .
ITV also produced a golden age of those ITC adventure dramas from the Avengers to the Professionals by way of the Champions , the Persuaders , the Protectors , the Prisoner , the Baron , the Adventurer , the Man in a Suitcase , a dozen others .
When I was seven , Dr Who started .
In the next ten years the great classics of serious and ground - breaking contemporary drama poured forth from Ken Loach , David Mercer , Mike Leigh , Dennis Potter and all those pioneering Wednesday play and play for today Alans , Alan Pryor , Alan Clarke , Alan Plater , Alan Bennett .
More mainstream drama like Coronation Street , Upstairs Downstairs , Z Cars , Colditz streamed out to us too .
The great classics of comedy and entertainment from Monty Python , Dad's Army , Rising Damp , Benny Hill , Morecambe and Wise , Tommy Cooper , the Two Ronnies , Reggie Perrin , the Stanley Baxter Picture Show , the Generation Game , It 's a Knockout , Top of the Pops , Parkinson , Cilla , Lulu , Val Doonican .
Those genre - defining documentaries , Civilisation , the Ascent of Man , Ways of Seeing , the Shock of the New , Alistair Cooke 's America and the continuing innovative rise of the Bristol Natural History Unit and the work of David Attenborough , and that Anglia Aubrey Buxton 's Survival team .
And the golden age of children 's TV from Anna Home and others , Blue Peter , Multi-Coloured Swap Shop , The Clangers , Bagpuss , Mr Benn , Playschool , Rent - a - Ghost , the Magic Roundabout , Jackanory , Magpie , Catweazel , How .
In politic and current affairs and arts there was Monitor , Panorama , World in Action , Omnibus , the South Bank Show .
It 's fun to list all these programmes but is it perhaps pointless ?
This was then .
But this is now .
Those programmes meant everything to me because of the age I was perhaps , and because television was inventing itself in front of my very eyes .
The twenty - three and twenty - four million plus who tuned into Eric and Ernie 's Christmas shows can never be assembled together to watch a television programme again .
Maybe if England makes it to the finals of the World Cup , something close can be achieved but television as the nation 's fireplace , the hearth and the heart of the country , the focus of our communal cultural identity , that television is surely dead .
It seems unlikely ever to return .
Instead of being the nation 's fireplace , TV is closer to being the nation 's central heating .
It 's conveniently on in every room , it 's less discernible , less of a focus , more of an ambient atmosphere .
In the 1980s as I achieved adulthood , the nation achieved Thatcherism and deregulation .
The whole business of analysing television 's entrails and reporting on them began .
The Annan report was succeeded by the Peacock report and dozens of others .
Charter renewal for the BBC became a regular game .
Channel 4 arrived , and then 5 .
ITV 's local networks were refranchised and the old stations from Thames to Tyne Tees , from Harlech to Southern , from ATV to Anglia , from Westward to Grampian , all began to disappear or gobble each other up .
The independent production company was born , Zenith , Hat Trick , Mentorn , Talkback and the rest .
Aside from these enforced changes in structure and corporate governance , Thatcherism had seen the first concerted political opposition , ideological opposition to the way the BBC in particular was seen to run itself and to behave .
The administration was perhaps getting its revenge on the BBC for its perceived participation in , and promulgation of , the poisonous ethos of the 1960s .
Liberalism , permissive media encroachments on decency , disrespectful satire , outright socialistic dramas and documentaries were all cited as proof of the BBC 's undemocratic doctrinaire partiality .
The trick was conceived in which the BBC could be blamed for being at one and the same time old - fashioned , stuck in the mud , reactionary , elitist , hidebound , de haut en bas , patriarchal , top / down , patronising and simultaneously left - wing , trendy , bien pensant and unpatriotic , because radical now meant right - wing .
Modern and progressive meant consumer - led and market - oriented .
The Tebbits and the Thatchers of this world were not about to allow intellectuals , artists , liberals and Oxbridge nomenclatura of decadent self - appointed cultural apparatchiks to decide what was good for the public .
The nanny state was bad enough in their eyes but the schoolmaster state , the don state was even worse .
And aside from this ideological antipathy and perhaps driving it , a commercial opposition to the existing order of things appeared too .
Sky TV and BSB started fitting satellite dishes and squarials to our roofs and for the first time the BBC had not just a political enemy but a business one .
That major business enemy also controlled a large newspaper empire and , perhaps not so surprisingly , those newspapers began issuing regular and unrelenting attacks on the BBC .
Other press empires bought interests in broadcast media too and full but undeclared war commenced .
Well , it was a one - way enmity for the print media were allowed to hate and taunt and revile the BBC but not the other way round .
The licence fee and the charter and the way they were managed to give advantages to the BBC that supposedly guaranteed freedom , independence and duties of impartiality but now those very qualities became sticks with which to beat them .
Everyone pays a licence fee , the press said , therefore the BBC is ours and everything it does belongs to us .
We own it , we have a right to make the executives travel coach class , to quibble every cup of coffee , every penny spent , all in the name of public probity , all in the cause of transparency , openness , good governance and clean citizenship .
They are public servants , so we will treat them rather as Flashman treats servants , with disdain , contempt , snobbery and a mean rudeness bordering on the pathologically cruel , and every time we flog them and kick them , they will grin and they will say thank you sir , may I have another ?
Well , perhaps I exaggerate for effect .
The BBC has itself for the last fifteen years gone out of its way to ingratiate itself to the public with endless and unbelievably wearisome and embarrassing It 's Your BBC Road Shows and discussions , forcing successive directors - general to sit and debate with mad vexatious unhappy people who want to criticise Fiona Bruce 's use of blusher or express their indignation at some incidence of the use of the word tits , or even the sight of that said material .
The BBC opens up endless Have a Say sections on its websites , and solicits opinion and feedback at every turn .
Whether they think listening to the kind of people who actually write in or leave messages to Points of View constitutes good practise , or whether it 's a sop that they privately laugh up their sleeves at , I can not tell .
I would n't presume personally to advise the army how to run their brigades or to order their equipment .
I do n't tell policemen how to run a murder inquiry or how to patrol a football match , nor would I interfere in the running and equipping of a national health service surgical theatre .
I may pay for the army , the police and the health service or contribute towards it but while accountability , openness and public debates in strategy and outcome are all obviously reasonable and indeed requisite parts of democracy , the rest – the interference , the claimed ownership – is just an intolerable intrusion into the jobs of professionals .
Sixty percent of people who phoned in about this programme disliked it .
Yes , but 100 % of people who have nothing better to do than telephone a TV station at night are by definition desperately in need of help .
564 people , I read this just as I was about to come on stage , 564 people rang the BBC to complain about vuvuzelas .
What did they think they were doing !
Did they imagine the BBC could go into the stadium and wrench them from the lips of the audience ?
Did they imagine there was some technical way they could stop the sound being heard ?
Unbe-arsing - lievable !
And these are the people about whom executives have to sweat .
However , back to the BBC 's struggles with government and indeed its own public image .
Management , staffing , programming were starting in the 80s radically re-organised in the teeth of this criticism , or the fear of potential criticism .
And the enforced rule of course came in that 25 % of the corporation 's programming be sourced from the independent sector .
Birtian ways with Muse and Producer 's Choice , outsourcing and downsizing and regionalising and rejigging continued apace .
Charter renewal campaigns and the public image of the BBC were not helped during this period right up to the present day for the next twenty years , as the corporation lurched from crisis to crisis .
There was the Iraq - gate Kelly scandal , Queensgate , the Ross Brand scandal , expenses , perceived excesses , lapses and errors .
At ITV and Channel 4 things were hardly better .
Crazed management buy - outs , the one billion pound failure of ITV Digital , funding crises , revenue stream dry-ups , the death of any serious arts or documentary programming , phone line scandals and all kinds of other misfortunes have befallen them .
The picture elsewhere has been undeniably rosier .
BSkyB seems to go from strength to strength .
Those who criticised Sky TV for being merely a buyer - in of American programmes are beginning to have to recognise that the network is now a major producer in its own right .
Sky Arts has two channels , both also available in HD .
They have wrenched , yes , plenty of sporting occasions from the free to air terrestrials but no one can deny that they have along the way revolutionised the quality of sporting commentary , technical representation , analysis and depth of coverage .
They continue to drive innovation with the current move to 3D .
The analog switch - off and the continued switch to Freeview , Virgin or BSkyB will only bring more and more people to alternative channels .
The Natural History Unit in Bristol , so long a pioneer and uniquely classy outfit in its field , is finding that Discovery and National Geographic are slowly learning how to make proper natural history television , and that these channels know much more about how to sell worldwide and into the digital systems that are proliferating in every other territory in the world .
All of which means less and less advertising money all round , less and less reach , less and less prestige which was the one quality that British television prided itself on , authority , kudos , class , quality , excellence , gravitas , prestige and whither have they fled ?
Add to this the growing emergency of Hulu , and Boxee , YouTube , Vimio , not as sources of funny clips but both Youtube and Vimio are major providers of serious funded channels , channels that produce content .
Add to that the encroachment of Google and others into demand internet TV services and it can be seen that the very notion of a national broadcasting ecosystem seems very difficult to maintain , justify or believe in .
Is television as we know it , in its old business model , in terminal decline ?
Well the big news I have for you is that I have absolutely no idea .
It 's possible to argue that there is no future for the BBC or ITV or Channel 4 or 5 or any broadcasting network that tries to make television at the national parochial level .
Hamstrung by remits to cater to domestic interest , what chance is there that the BBC or ITV or Channel 4 can ever compete internationally ?
Sport , American drama , movies and comedy will proliferate with occasional internationally - owned reality franchises continuing to slot into prime time .
There is every reason to believe in companies that distribute , sell and broadcast television using subscription and the new advertising models but there is scant reason to believe in old - fashioned broadcasters , for the fact is I am not a writer nor a director nor an actor nor a producer nor a presenter , nor any of the things that John introduced me as .
These names no longer have meaning .
I am a content - provider .
It is now many years since we were told in roaring accents from the masthead of every trade magazine that content was king .
We were assured that pipelines , conduits , channels , gateways and portals were all very well but that they were meaningless without content to funnel and distribute .
Hard to argue with that .
The BBC and ITV are still commissioners of , and producers of , a simply gigantic torrent of content .
Hundreds and thousands and hundreds of thousands of hours of television are required every year and still will be , whatever outlets and means of distribution are dreamt up by technologists and cunning corporate clever - clogses .
Now to achieve such a volume of production with any quality , variety , originality and confidence does not require good business executives .
It does not require entrepreneurs .
It does not require people who can say business model seventeen times in one meeting without blushing .
It does not require people who can call writers and producers content - providers without wanting to shoot themselves in writing embarrassment .
It does not require people who have gone on courses or people who can tick compliance boxes and fill in risk assessment forms .
It does n't require people with degrees in media studies or people who know how to multi-task or attend conferences or give lectures .
It does not require people who either give a toss about what 's gone before or people who are ignorant of what 's gone before .
It does not require people who are afraid .
It requires a confident producer class , and that calls for people of real creative talent , intelligence , courage , resource and imagination , for my fear is that almost everyone I have encountered in production in the making of programmes is afraid .
They have much to be afraid of , and much to cage , confine , cripple and constrain them .
Fear is everywhere in the television business in this country .
When you are afraid , it is a great deal easier to say no than to say yes .
I ought to add , I must add that personally I have met with nothing but courtesy , kindness , consideration and enthusiasm in the corridors of all the major broadcasting companies .
I 'm not suggesting that I have cause to moan , far from it .
I 'm extremely lucky , very pleased and proud to have been able to make television programmes with the support and guidance of superb professionals but I do have an idea that may help free the creative talent of producers , writers , directors and others .
It may not be an original idea .
For all I know it has been floated and shot down in the past .
I do know that some of my colleagues in the independent sector may think I am mad and suicidal to suggest it .
I speak for no one here but myself as I raise this balloon .
In order to explain the suggestion , I ought perhaps to go over what can only be called the business models currently pertaining in the market place , in television today , vis a vis independents .
Let us suppose you are an independent production company and you have an idea for a new drama series .
You take it to a broadcaster , BBC or ITV say , according to how much heft you might have with that company a senior or middling executive commissioner , head of a department .
If they like your idea they pay you what is confusingly called a licence fee for which they get the right to broadcast your series on their channel a set number of times .
This fee barely covers the costs of production but as an independent , you can make more money because you keep all the worldwide rights .
In other words you can sell your series around the globe and the original domestic broadcaster , the BBC or the ITV , does n't get a penny from those international sales .
That is the standard independent model and has been for many years , and I 'm sure many in this room are all too familiar with it .
Well I can not be the first I suspect to notice an inbuilt problem with that .
The BBC , and to some extent also ITV and Channel 4 , will only commission content which is domestically skewed , that speaks to remits of nationhood , British interest , British cultural and often extremely regional social concerns .
That 's fine with many programmes .
Why would Germany or Peru want to buy Watchdog for example , or the almost certainly excellent Junior Apprentice , when they can buy or more likely steal the format for themselves and make their own version ?
But this current model means that the broadcasters , the BBC and the ITV , have no stake in making films , dramas , documentaries or features of international appeal while at the same time the independents who depend upon them have a stake in little else .
The result is dramas and documentaries that have one foot planted in resolutely British soil with the other wobbling and hopping and pointing its toes hopefully in the direction of the world .
The result is indies that are just one commission away from insolvency .
The result is a feeding frenzy for format over content .
We 've all seen or read about the financial rewards that successful reality and talent shows can offer so independents are chasing each other 's tails madly in a desire to come up with these formats , these empty shells , in the hope ideally that some larger independent company will buy them for millions and they can then be saved from the difficult delicate and unrewarding business of actual production and making of original programming .
Surely all this talent on the production and technical side , all this talent in acting and writing , all this talent in other words for content provision is n't to be set aside , put to grass , ignored because content it turns out is n't king after all but rather format is .
So my sugestion – and it may be that my independent production friends will want to burn me at the stake for even hinting that such a thing might be desirable – is that broadcasters , the networks , take a share in foreign sales .
In return for that , they offer larger licence fees and naturally accept stories , ideas and – yes if it must be - formats that have wider appeal , greater scope , range , ambition and heft .
Many independents are hanging on by their fingernails and have to take nugatory licence fees just to pay for office rental and the intern 's Oyster card .
Surely we can do better than that .
Surely we can incentivise both the broadcaster and the independent to think bigger , better , richer , and more internationally .
Surely the commercial sector in particular can only benefit from another source aside from advertising being added to their revenue stream .
It would take negotiation between PACT for the producers , and representatives of the independents and of the networks and of government who may need to relax remits in order to allow this .
It may be that this new model will only be allowed for ITV , Sky , UK TV and Channels 4 and 5 etc , and that the BBC will be forced to stick to domestic emphasis and be excluded from such a new model .
It may be that the super indies , the big raptors that are a part of other companies that are themselves a part of other companies that are owned by the biggest media conglomerates in the world , will try and swoop in and take over the negotiations , drowning out the plaintive chirrups from the true little indie nests .
It may be of course that I am talking nonsense , that I do n't understand business or broadcasting or anything else .
It seems to make sense to me and I cannot believe I 'm the first person to have thought of it .
I suspect it would help ITV more than it would help the BBC , for anything that potentially adds another source of revenue must seem desirable to that strapped institution .
But what I fear is that without such a restructuring , British television will lose greatly , that any hope there is for real programming , for originality and greatness beyond the domestic sphere will dwindle and die , and any hope we have that greatness can exist only in the domestic sphere is hopeless when a large drama audience is considered to be three million .
That is just not possible .
Well my proposal is a modest one and perhaps a forlorn and a foolish one .
I do n't pretend to be a businessman .
Spreadsheets and Powerpoint presentations make me want to scream , gouge out my eyes and stab my ears .
I have never been able to read a profit and loss account or a balance sheet , and I go swimmy and feel sick if I have to read a legal document because on the whole I 'd rather watch television .
Thank you !
The 73 - year - old , who has spent much of his life in prison , wrote the book while behind bars and it was turned into an acclaimed film starring Matt Dillon in 1989 .
The first Piitsburgh Penguins team , 1967 - 68
When Canadian hockey fans are prone to consider the roots of U.S. hockey history and its origins , thoughts quite normally stop and land on the American teams of the NHL 's inappropriately nicknamed Original Six .
For many , the cities of New York , Boston , Detroit and Chicago is where it all began in the states , and while there is some truth to that notion , many fans would be astounded to learn that the professional game of hockey began , not in Canada , but more specifically in the area of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania in the early 1900's .
To fans and supporters of the game in Canada , long quite boastful and chauvinistic in their aggressive patriotism in claims of superiority and ownership of the sport , such news would be a confounding curveball to their reality .
If you were told that pro hockey in Pittsburgh kicked in around 1904 , a full five years ahead of the creation of the hundred year old Montreal Canadiens , would you believe it ?
Canada may have bred the game into what it is today , but back in the early 1900's , Americans first caught the hockey fever and their zealousness for the game turned it pro a good few seasons before Eastern Canada followed suit .
Had those events not happened as they had , pushing the pro game forth , Montreal Canadiens fans may consider that their team may not exist in the manner it does today .
At the turn of 20th century , when the game of hockey was spreading like wildfire across Canada , the concept of amateurism reigned supreme in newly built arenas across the land .
It was a different time .
An athlete played a game , and it was felt that his honour should not be tainted by the stains of monetary renumeration .
Professionalism was greatly frowned upon , especially by OHL founder John Ross Robertson , who promised to ban all the dirty " professionals " who sought pay for their employ .
Several leagues and teams in Canada had been accused of paying players under the table to perform for years , and with popular opinion for a time firmly behind Robertson 's stand , leagues in the country suffered in maintaining a certain level of talent .
Soon , the demands of the paying customer , the pride of the players , and the requirements of ownership would all converge , and follow the game of baseball into the ranks of professionalism .
The Schenley Casino Rink , 1895 , burned to the ground 19 months after opening
In the case of pro hockey , it all began because of a gentleman named Jack Gibson , a dentist , and hockey player with an entrepreneurial spirit .
Canadian by birth , Gibson missed competitive hockey greatly , and in that , saw a window of opportunity present itself in the early 1900's .
For hockey origins in the city of Pittsburgh itself , the love affair goes back even further , with a deep and rich history traceable back to 1893 when the father of hockey in the city , James Conant sought to place the game inside the Schenley Park Casino .
Conant continued his association with the game after Casino burned to the ground and later formed the Pittsburgh Hockey League in 1900 .
The birth of the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League , founded in 1901 by James R. Dee of Houghton , Pennsylvania in order to fulfill the entertainment bill at the spacious 5,000 seat Duquesne Arena in Pittsburgh , was the first of many steps that brought forth the professional game in the region .
The Arena , first built in 1890 as a trolley barn , initially put on boxing events , rodeos and circuses for entertainment .
An artificial rink , the first of its kind in the U.S. , was added five years later in order to host ice shows .
By 1901 , hockey moved in , slow but sure .
The Duquesne Arena , early 1900's and in 1956 , Alex Liffiton , Pittsburgh HC 1907
The WPHL contained five teams upon its inception , playing from cities such as Pittsburgh , Portage Lakes , Calumet and Sault Ste. Marie , Michigan and Ontario .
The league existed in various formations for eight season , and between those years include Pittsburgh named teams such as the Bankers , Keystones , Victorias , PAC , Lyceum , Duquesnes and Pirates .
In 1903 , with the mining industry in the northern Michigan region experiencing a boom , the inevitable population and dollars followed .
That year , Doc Gibson 's professional Houghton hockey club were left without a league to play in , and along with Dee , began negotiations with the WPHL to form an even larger circuit , this one to be declared from far and wide as openly professional .
Three Pirates ; Tex White , Roy Worters , Rodger Smith
The game was still in its final stages of infancy back then , and attitudes concerning professionalism had been rapidly changing .
With charges of players and teams in whole having been banned by the OHL in competing against other teams , a dearth of players , both tainted professionals and amateurs wanted in the new league .
Cities and clubs from Montreal to Milwaukee applied for standing in the new rung , and several were turned away .
Nearing the end of 1904 , after the Houghton clubs had played a series of exhibitions against varying WPHL teams , the new league was finally inaugurated .
Named the International Professional Hockey League , the circuit lured the best players from Eastern Canadian ranks .
Teams of the IPHL were located in westen Pennsylvania and northern Michigan state and included the Pittsburgh Pro HC , the Calumet Miners , Houghton - Portage Lakes , the Michigan Soo Indians and their northern counterparts , the Canadian Soo Algonquins .
The league was created with a shared revenue policy in mind , an idea not all that far ahead of its time , and initially players were awarded contracts in the $ 15 to $ 30 per week range .
Several star players , sacrifing their amateur status in Canada , needed more to entice them .
Ottawa`s Hod Stuart tore south , upon being offered $ 1,800 to manage the rink and play for the Calumet Miners .
Legend has it that Cyclone Taylor , hockey`s first superstar commanded a $ 3,000 salary .
Hib Milks of the Philadelphia Quakers , 1931 ; a younf Tim Horton , with the AHL Hornets , Parker McDonald
The IPHL was a trailblazer in many fashions , awarding assists to players a full ten years before the National Hockey Association considered the idea .
Sixteen future Hockey Hall of Famers cut their teeth in the IPHL including hockey great Cyclone Taylor and future Montreal Canadien immortals Jack Laviolette , Didier Pitre and Newsy Lalonde .
The IPHL lasted until the end of 1907 , when Canadian leagues began repatriating their players with under the table lures .
The creation of the Ontario Professional Hockey League , essentially to suit the Toronto Professionals Hockey Club , spelled doom for the IPHL .
The Toronto Pros had played a series of exhibitions against IPHL clubs and when the games turned into money making ventures north of the border , it was realized that the time had come for the professional game in Canada .
In Quebec and Eastern Ontario , the Federal Amateur Hockey League and the Eastern Canada Hockey Association were also beginning the semi-illicit habit of paying players , further weakening the Pennsylvania link .
Artifacts from the 1923 - 24 Yellowjackets national championship
A mere two seasons after the OPHL 's beginnings , pro hockey in the province of Quebec gained prominance .
It was November of 1909 , and the time of the Montreal Canadiens unveiling , created to soothe the demand for an all french club in a rival hockey league .
The enthusiasm for hockey in Penn State could not be quelled however , and inner city leagues and amateur circuits continued on .
The formation of the USAHA ( United States Amateur Hockey Association ) in 1915 gave birth to the Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets , who would later win the National Championship in 1923 .
The team folded with the league one year later , and James Callahan , a Pittsburgh lawyer , purchased the club .
The National Hockey League meanwhile had grown from four to six teams with the additions of the Boston Bruins and Montreal Maroons in 1924 - 25 .
They continued in that manner in 1925 - 26 , moving the Hamilton Tigers into Madison Square Garden and renaming them the New York Americans .
A second U.S. expansion team was added , Callahan`s newly named Pittsburgh Pirates .
Coach Odie Cleghorn and player Leonard ; the first Hornets team in 1936
The Pirates were never an NHL powerhouse .
During their brief five year NHL existence , the team coached by former Canadiens star Odie Cleghorn went from a 19 win peak in 1926 to a 5 win nadir in 1930 .
With the stock market crash of 1929 , the club found itself $ 400,000 dollars in debt and the Duquesne Arena in a state of disrepair .
The owners transferred the team cross state and to become the Philadelphia Quakers for one season , before finally shutting down operations in 1931 .
The Great Depression did not simply stall professional hockey in Pittsburgh .
By 1942 , it had wiped the NHL from a ten team league back down to a six circuit .
Promises and hopes to build a new arena in Pittsburgh during this interim never materialized , and the NHL revoked the franchise priveledges left dormant until then .
For the time being , Pittsburgh hockey interests were picked up and carried by several college and high school teams , as well as by the Pittsburgh Shamrocks ( IHL 1935 - 36 ) and the Hornets ( AHL 1936 - 1956 ) .
The Hornets first era ended with the demolition of the Duquesne in 1956 , but the club returned in 1961 as a farm club for the Detroit Red Wings in the newly built Pittsburgh Civic Arena , known today as the Mellon Arena .
The final Hornets team ; the building of the Pittsburgh Civic Arena
Things ended on a high for the Hornets as they won their second Calder Cup in 1967 , just months after being awarded a second shot at an NHL franchise with the Penguins .
Penguins Les Binkley , Michel Briere and Andy Bathgate
Pittsburgh hockey tradition is not at all a deeply kept secret to locals of the region .
It has been greatly celebrated through the years and fans of the game would be more enriched to become better aquainted with it .
It is a commonly heard but terribly false phrase that " Americans do n't know hockey . "
While the general assumption may hold true for the odd beach bum taking in some rays on a Florida beach , it is far from a sensible broad statement .
Next time you catch yourself or someone else about to utter it , hold your breath , and think of this article and Pittsburgh hockey history going so far back in time , and being in fact , part of the game 's origins itself .
I 've learned a great deal in the five years running this site , and if there is a simple thing that remains true , it 's that the more you learn about hockey , the more you realize you do not know .
I wish that attitude were contagious .
For some great reads on the net , four Wiki links helped with researching this page , and they are the WPHL page , OPHL page , IPHL page and the Duquesne Gardens page .
The mother of all Pittsburgh hockey history sites however is Pittsburgh Hockey.net , a virtual museum and historical shrine that speaks of Penn state and the steel city`s love of the game .
Gov. Brad Henry today vetoed a bill that would have allowed Oklahomans to opt out of the national health care system and another measure that would have allowed them to wear handguns in public view .
House Joint Resolution 1054 would have prohibited any law or regulation requiring any Oklahoman to have individual insurance coverage .
It also would have banned any state resident from being fined for failing to have health insurance .
The measure also would have authorized Senate President Pro Tem Glenn Coffee , R- Oklahoma City , and House Speaker Chris Benge , R - Tulsa , to hire a lawyer to file a lawsuit against Congress , President Barack Obama and the head of the U.S. Health and Human Services Department to prevent the recently passed federal health care legislation from taking effect .
In his veto message , the governor said HJR 1054 would have triggered a futile legal battle and a possible loss of federal health care funding .
A lot of articles lately have been focused on why Apple and Microsoft are the bad guys by supporting H.264 and not Theora .
Well , yes , they are bad guys , but there really is not much point whining to them .
It will in all likelihood fall on deaf ears , simply because they are acting in their own best interests–as MPEG stakeholders and commercial , DRM - encouraging , royalty - loving , proprietary - operating - system - hawking corporations .
But that could all change –if the HTML5 spec did n’t allow H.264 .
Think about it .
We can spend our time whining on and on to these commercial vendors , or we can cut to the chase and try to get the HTML5 spec fixed–in which case the commercial vendors would have to fix their implementations in order to be considered compliant .
And the thing is , it is actually a lot easier to make a case to the W3C than it is to Apple or MS , because they are actually supposed to have the interests of the open web at heart .
The fact is , the W3C is violating its own principles by allowing H.264 to infiltrate its way into the next HTML spec .
Let ’s take a look at just how deep the hypocrisy goes .
Here are some quotes from the W3C ’s “ Mission ” page :
Web for All :
The social value of the Web is that it enables human communication , commerce , and opportunities to share knowledge .
One of W3 C ’s primary goals is to make these benefits available to all people , whatever their hardware , software , network infrastructure , native language , culture , geographical location , or physical or mental ability . ”
Hmm , whatever their software , eh ?
Even if the users refuse to use royalty - encumbered software ( i.e. , they use open source software , like Firefox ) ?
Web of Consumers and Authors :
The Web was invented as a communications tool intended to allow anyone , anywhere to share information .
For many years , the Web was a “ read - only ” tool for many .
Blogs and wikis brought more authors to the Web , and social networking emerged from the flourishing market for content and personalized Web experiences .
W3C standards have supported this evolution thanks to strong architecture and design principles . ”
Allow anyone , anywhere to share video information , really ?
Because it sure does n’t seem like that is a primary goal , when the specification allows such patent - encumbered formats that most authors can’t figure out for themselves whether they are violating the licensing or not , and when the authors are at the mercy of the MPEG - LA as to whether they might be hit up for cash down the road .
I think I ’ve made it pretty clear : by supporting H.264 , the W3C is acting in the most hypocritical way possible .
They say they are for a web that is browser and OS - agnostic , yet support a format that is hostile to open - source software .
They say they are for a read - write web , yet support a format with licensing terms that raise the costs of and complicate the process of publishing videos .
The HTML specification , like the rest of the specifications that make up the web , is supposed to be royalty - free .
Why then , is a key part of it not ?
Let ’s speak up and let the W3C know that we are n’t going to tolerate its indecisive stance any longer .
It needs to stand up for its principles and remove H.264 from the HTML5 spec once and for all .
Responding to my column on Rand Paul , and particularly my remark that Paul “ was too proud to acknowledge the limits of ideology ” in the case of the Civil Rights Act , Daniel Larison writes :
Most conservatives sympathetic to Rand Paul abhor ideology as such and not only recognize its limits , but are acutely aware of its distorting powers and flaws .
Indeed , it has been the “ paleo ” right that has been relentless in criticizing the ideological mentality that dominates so much of conservative thought today .
It has been one of our main themes for the last decade .
If anyone has been aware of the limits of ideology , it has been people like Rand Paul .
If anyone has been oblivious to those limits , it has been the people on the right who acknowledge Paul and his supporters only by way of belittling and dismissing them .
It ’s true that paleoconservatism at its best represents a deeply anti-ideological approach to public affairs , and that the smartest “ paleo ” critiques of ideological hubris — the kind supplied on a daily basis by writers like Larison — deserve a wider audience among conservatives and liberals alike .
But it ’s also true that these critiques do n’t enjoy a wider audience in part because paleoconservatism at its worst is ideological to a fault .
From Ron and Rand Paul down to the contributors at LewRockwell.com , most of the intellectual bad habits that paleocons criticize in their foes are commonplace inside the “ paleo ” tent .
There ’s the extreme rhetoric , the enemies ’ lists , the obsession with past defeats , the conspiratorial theories of how and why the cause of true conservatism has been betrayed .
( Paleoconservatives tend to talk about neoconservatives exactly the way that Sarah Palin talks about liberal elites . )
There ’s the no-enemies - to - the - right instinct that tolerates race - baiters and “ moderate ” white nationalists , among other unfortunate characters — and at the same time there ’s the tendency toward factionalism and purity tests ( it sometimes feels like there are more “ paleo ” publications and webzines than there are paleocons ) that resembles the old intra-socialist battles of the early 20th century .
And finally , there ’s the impulse to take an admirable principle — whether it ’s Rand Paul ’s staunch federalism or Pat Buchanan ’s non-interventionism — and push it so far that people begin to doubt your intellectual judgment and your moral soundness alike .
If the “ old right ” is ever going to be anything more than a sideshow in conservative politics , it needs to take its own beliefs about the limits of ideological thinking more seriously , and apply its criticisms of neoconservatives and liberals to its own leaders , writers , and institutions .
Physician , heal thyself .
In a valley located between the Himalayas lies Kathmandu , the capital and biggest metropolitan city in Nepal .
Kathmandu is a city rich in history .
Ancient shrines , temples , palaces , pagodas and villages are some of the most popular tourist attractions here .
Behind the newly constucted buildings and the development of the city , lies the true culture that sets Kathmandu apart .
Many tourists who travel to Nepal usually stop by Kathmandu .
The most widely acclaimed tourist spot here is the Hanuman Dokha .
The Hanuman Dokha means ‘ Gate of Hanuman ’ .
Hanuman is considered to be the monkey god of Ramayana fame .
This tourist spot is considered to be the social , religious and urban focal point of Kathmandu and covers a wide expanse of land .
It stretches for about five acres and consists of temples , palaces and courtyards .
It was once home of the Mallah Kings and the Royal Family until 1886 .
It was also where crowning and solemnization of Nepalese kings took place .
The Royal Residence was then moved to the Narayan Hitti Palace found in northern Kathmandu .
Outside the palace stands a stone with inscriptions written in fifteen different languages .
Legend has it that whoever deciphers the inscriptions will cause milk to gush forth from the spout situated below the stone .
Some of the major tourist attractions here include the Nasal Chowk which is located next to the Hanuman Temple .
It is said that the beautiful dancing Shiva was the inspiration behind its courtyard name .
Another is the Panch Mukhi Hanuman Temple which has five circular roofs .
The Basantpur Temple is also an eye - catching structure .
It stands nine storeys high and offers a spectacular view including the magnificent Himalayas .
If you are looking for a place endowed with rich history and culture , then Kathmandu , Nepal is the place to be .
We 've heard that Google was testing custom homepage backgrounds , but the feature is now live .
Yes , it 's probably not really all that useful and simply imitating Bing 's backgrounds , but at least it can make your day a bit lovelier .
Advertisement
To check out the feature , you can simply head over to the Google homepage and look for the little " change background image " link in the lower left hand corner .
Click it and you 'll get this menu allowing you to select an image of your choice :
Advertisement
Photo of the bunny that I intend on kidnapping is by Jason
NOAA officials have confirmed the existence of underwater oil as far down as 3,300 feet below the surface and several miles from the wellhead .
Other scientists have found evidence of plumes more than 10 miles long .
Little is known about the plumes , which are largely separated from the surface slick .
It is not clear how much oil they hold , how many and where there are , how quickly the oil will break down , and whether the plumes are harming marine life .
“ But even though they are low concentrations , the biological community is very sensitive that far down , ’’ said Steve Murawski , chief scientist for NOAA Fisheries Service .
Tests so far show that most of the underwater plumes are diluted : less than 1 part per million , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
In those concentrations the water would not look polluted to the naked eye .
“ There is certainly oil in the water ; we believe [ it is ] in low and small concentrations , ’’ Toby Odone , the BP spokesman , said in an interview .
Tony Hayward , BP chief executive , also downplayed the plumes last week during a congressional hearing .
Under questioning from Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts , he said the concentrations were low , and some of the oil was not from the ongoing spill .
A BP spokesman last week acknowledged the company participated in the Deep Spill experiment but refused to answer why officials flatly denied the possibility there could be significant amounts of oil trapped underwater — even the day after the federal government confirmed the existence of plumes on June 8 .
“ Over time , it will rise , but the rate of rise can be quite slow , ’’ said Eric Adams , senior research engineer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , who helped perform several analyses on Project Deep Spill .
“ A lot of the oil [ in the experiment ] most likely rose after they went home . ’’
Oil and gas were released close to the sea floor and only a fraction of it was spotted on the surface after about seven hours , defying conventional wisdom that oil would almost immediately surface because it ’s lighter than water .
The North Atlantic exercise was designed to understand how a spill would behave as the drilling industry plumbed new depths to extract oil and gas .
The federal Minerals Management Service and 22 companies took part in the test , at about half the depth of the gulf disaster .
But an unusual experiment conducted in 2000 off the coast of Norway , a trial run of a deep - water oil and gas spill that BP helped pay for , showed that oil could remain underwater for some time .
It was n’t until seven weeks after the BP oil well began gushing that the company acknowledged oil remained hidden under the surface of the Gulf of Mexico , and it continues to dispute the extent of miles - long submerged plumes .
A research cruise headed by Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution researchers and funded by the National Science Foundation set out Thursday to map one of the cloudy mixtures and dissect its components to better understand its toxicity , where it might travel , and how quickly it is being broken down by oil - eating microbes .
There are other concerns .
Scientists say the high pressure of the gushing leak is creating tiny oil droplets , some that can become suspended in water .
The use of large amounts of underwater chemical dispersants are making those droplets smaller still .
All those droplets , suspended in the water and trapped by dense ocean layers , are probably forming the plumes .
Scientists are also concerned about how much gas from the gushing well remains trapped underwater .
The use of dispersants is continuing , because scientists believe they help natural forces more easily break down the oil into less toxic compounds .
Oil - eating microbes will do that under water .
On the surface , they will be aided by sunlight , waves , and weather .
But it ’s a careful balance .
If there are too many oil droplets in the water , the microbes , which need oxygen , could grow out of control and suck up so much oxygen they create a dead zone .
Samantha Joye , a University of Georgia scientist who was one of the first to discover the undersea oil , said oxygen levels were down 30 percent or more in some areas she sampled .
Federal officials say ongoing testing shows oxygen levels in the gulf are normal .
“ But there is a tipping point . . . that ’s why you need continuous monitoring , ’’ and NOAA is doing that , said Murawski , of the Fisheries Service .
The Deep Spill experiment , some 200 miles off Norway ’s coast , was celebrated at the time as a forward - looking exercise for the next generation of drilling .
In all , four mixtures were released , including a combination of diesel oil and natural gas that , while not a perfect parallel to the crude oil leaking in the gulf , gives some comparison .
Flow rates were comparable to the Gulf spill rate .
No dispersants were used .
According to a 2005 analysis by MIT ’s Adams and Scott Socolofsky , now a professor at Texas A&M University , between 2 and 17 cubic meters of the 60 cubic meters of released diesel made it to the surface before overflights looking for oil on the sea surface ended , about seven hours after the oil release stopped .
The scientists suggested that a significant portion of the oil rose slowly because it was comprised of very small droplets .
Another colleague , Stephen Masutani of the University of Hawaii , found that one - third of the oil in Deep Spill would probably be found in droplets of half a millimeter or smaller , which could have taken a day or more to surface .
In the gulf spill , the dispersants probably made droplets much smaller still , Adams said , which means they could take much longer to surface .
Those droplets can get trapped by currents and dense water layers deep in the sea .
“ These small droplets have no choice but to follow the water once it leaves the upward - rising oil - and - gas mixture , ’’ Socolofsky said .
After Deep Spill , there was no effort by the industry — or government — to better understand these submerged oil droplets .
Beth Daley can be reached at bdaley@globe.com .
CLARIFICATION :
An earlier version of this story incorrectly said that NOAA had confirmed the existence of oil underwater 142 miles from the wellhead .
While NOAA did find evidence of oil , tests showed it did not come from the leaking BP wellhead .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Ashdod , Israel ( CNN ) --
For the second time this week , Israeli naval commandos seized aid headed for the Gaza Strip , but Saturday 's action had a peaceful ending .
The Israeli military said it boarded the Irish - owned MV Rachel Corrie 22 miles ( 35 kilometers ) off the Gaza coast with the compliance of the crew .
The cargo ship loaded with humanitarian aid had been heading for Gaza on Saturday in defiance of an Israeli blockade .
The incident contrasted with drama in international waters on Monday , when nine Turkish citizens were killed after violence erupted on one of six ships in a flotilla carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza .
A number of other people were wounded .
Israel said the passengers initiated the attack ; the passengers blamed the troops .
That incident drew widespread condemnation and cast a spotlight on the dynamics of the Gaza crisis .
Israel said its naval blockade is in place to stop weaponry from reaching militants in Gaza intent on attacking Israel .
But many people are incensed that the three - year blockade -- imposed after Hamas took over Gaza -- has deepened poverty in the Palestinian territory .
According to the United Nations , 80 percent of Gaza 's population depends on food aid .
Q&A : Aid and Israel 's Gaza blockade
The voyage of the Rachel Corrie on the heels of the raid put the international community on edge until the events unfolded peacefully on Saturday .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel " used the exact same procedure " aboard the Rachel Corrie as it did on the Mavi Marmara ship , where the raid occurred .
" Today we saw the difference between a sail of peace activists , with whom we do n't agree but honor their right to express a different opinion , and a hate sail organized by terrorism - supporting violent extremists , " he said .
Free Gaza Movement spokeswoman Mary Hughes sharply criticized Israel 's seizure of the ship .
" This is unacceptable to be happening in international waters , " she said .
Reflecting the sentiment of many across the world , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said he was pleased the incident was " resolved peacefully , " but he renewed his stance that Israel needs to lift its closure of Gaza .
As for the passengers , Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said they would be processed by Interior Ministry officials and would probably spend the night in a detention center before being deported on Sunday .
" I do n't think any of these people will resist deportation , " Palmor said .
" The scenario is either you agree to be deported or you claim that you have a right to stay .
I do n't believe any of these people will petition a judge to allow them to stay .
They did not show any resistance on the boat .
I think tomorrow morning they will all start going to the airport or the border . "
The ship was taken to Ashdod , Israel , where its cargo will be offloaded and screened .
As the ship was proceeding to Gaza , the Israeli military said it sent several radio transmissions telling the vessel to change its course before boarding the ship .
A crew member on board the Rachel Corrie who spoke to CNN earlier Saturday said three Israeli ships had been following .
Activists on the ship had said they would surrender peacefully if Israeli forces boarded the boat .
Israel had offered to deliver the aid to Gaza , but passengers rejected the offer , according to a statement from Michael Martin , Ireland 's minister for foreign affairs .
Israel said the offer -- formulated with Ireland -- called for representatives of Ireland and the activists to accompany Israel during those steps .
" Unfortunately , the activists rejected this offer , and consequently , the Israeli Navy boarded the ship with full compliance of the ship 's crew members , and redirected it to Ashdod port , " Israel said .
The Free Gaza Movement , which owns the vessel , said there were 11 passengers and nine crew members on board .
Organizers say the ship was carrying 550 tons of cement to help rebuild schools , homes and other buildings destroyed in Gaza .
Irish Nobel Peace Prize laureate Mairead Maguire , who was aboard the ship , said Friday that the Rachel Corrie was also carrying " tons " of writing materials donated by Norway , pharmaceuticals and medical equipment -- including wheelchairs donated by Scotland -- and toys .
" If , as is their stated intention , the Israeli government intercepts the Rachel Corrie , the government demands that it demonstrate every restraint , " said Martin .
He called on Israel to lift its blockade .
Monday 's violence continues to spark official and grassroots rage in governments and streets inside and outside the Middle East , and it has led to even further deterioration of the relationship between Israel and Turkey , the one - time close allies who have grown apart over the Gaza crisis .
In Istanbul , Turkey 's largest city , thousands took to the streets to protest Israel 's actions in Gaza .
Protests were also staged in London , England , and Paris , France .
At the United Nations , the Security Council called for an inquiry into the flotilla raid , and the Human Rights Council voted for a probe , but Israel said it alone -- and not an international entity -- should be investigating .
The Israel Defense Forces military advocate general said Israel 's interception of the flotilla was legal because international law allows a country to stop a vessel in international waters if it attempts to breach a naval blockade .
" We 're just hopeful the Israelis will let us make a small gesture for the people of Palestine , " former Assistant U.N. Secretary - General Denis Halliday said Thursday .
" Because we believe Monday was a gross error . "
He added that Monday 's confrontation resulted from " faults on both sides , " saying the effort on the Rachel Corrie was a " different ball game . "
The MV Rachel Corrie was named for a 23 - year - old American woman who was killed in Gaza in 2003 while attempting to keep IDF forces from bulldozing the home of a Palestinian .
CNN 's Matthew Chance , Paula Hancocks , Paul Colsey and Ivan Watson contributed to this report .
A common idiom in any programming language is that of acquiring a resource , using it , and then releasing ( de- acquiring ? ) it .
The resource may be a file , a network socket or all sorts of other things .
The main challenges with supporting this programming idiom in an API are three - fold :
Making sure that the programmer cannot use the resource before acquisition or after release .
Making sure that the programmer remembers to release the resource once they are finished with it .
Make sure that the resource is released if a problem occurs while it is acquired .
In Java you might implement this as a try / finally block ( takes care of 3 ; not so good on 1 or 2 ) .
In C++ you might use the RAII pattern : acquiring in a constructor and releasing in a destructor ( takes care of all three reasonably well ) .
In Haskell , you can use things like the bracket function ( written about it in detail elsewhere ) to write what we might call “ with . . ”
APIs .
Some classic examples :
withMVar :: MVar a -> ( a -> IO b ) ->
IO b withFile :: FilePath -> IOMode -> ( Handle -> IO r ) ->
IO r
These functions take as an argument the block to execute while the resource is acquired .
If only this API is offered , it is impossible to forget to release the resource : release happens as soon as the block terminates .
And if an exception occurs , that is also taken care of .
There is a slight hole with respect to challenge 1 above : see if you can figure it out ( we ’ll return to it at the end of the post ) .
In this post , I thought I ’d explore a few uses of this “ scoped resource ” pattern in my CHP library which use Haskell ’s types to indicate the acquisition status .
Sharing
CHP features communication channels that allow you to send values between different threads .
For example , something of type Chanout Integer allows you to send integer values .
CHP ’s channels are designed to be used by a single reader and a single writer .
Sometimes , however , you want multiple writers and / or multiple readers to be able to use the same channel .
For example , you may want to have many worker processes communicating results to a single harvester process .
This can be achieved using shared “ any - to - one ” channels , which can be constructed simply by adding a mutex to the sending channel end .
This is another case of the scoped resource pattern : we want to allow claiming of the shared channel ( acquisition ) , writing to the channel while it is claimed , and to make sure the channel is released afterwards .
We can define a Shared wrapper for any type that simply holds a mutex alongside it :
data Shared a = Shared Mutex a
When we export this type we will not export its constructor , meaning that users of our shared API will not have access to the mutex , and will not be able to take the channel out of its shared wrapper , except using our API function , namely :
claim :: Shared a -> ( a -> CHP b) ->
CHP b
( I perhaps should have called it withClaimed to fit in with the other Haskell APIs , but never mind . )
This specialises in the case of our Chanout Integer into :
claim :: Shared ( Chanout Integer ) -> ( Chanout Integer -> CHP b) ->
CHP b
Note that Chanout is a channel that can be used for sending , with functions such as :
writeChannel :: Chanout a -> a -> CHP ()
This sharing mechanism uses an opaque Shared wrapper type ( i.e. one that has hidden internals ) to stop the channel being written to unless the claim function is used to acquire / unwrap it into a normal channel for the duration of the block .
Enrolling
A barrier in CHP is a communication primitive that supports a single primitive operation : synchronising on the barrier .
The rule for using them is straightforward : when you want to synchronise on a barrier , you must wait until all other processes that are members of the barrier also synchronise , at which point you all do synchronise and continue onwards .
CHP supports dynamic membership of barriers : processes can enroll on the barrier ( become members ) and resign ( leave the barrier ) at any time .
This is again an instance of the scoped resource pattern : enrollment is acquisition , you can synchronise while you are a member , and you should leave again at the end .
With barriers , we wrap them when you are enrolled on them , and only allow synchronisation on enrolled barriers :
data Enrolled a = Enrolled a syncBarrier :: Enrolled Barrier -> CHP ( ) class Enrollable a where enroll :: a -> ( Enrolled a -> CHP b) ->
CHP b
As before , we do n’t expose the details of the Enrolled type , so you ca n’t just wrap something up yourself and pretend that you Enrolled .
The enroll function does the acquisition and release ( aka enrolling and resigning ) , and during the block in the middle you can synchronise on the enrolled barrier .
Different Ways to Wrap
We ’ve seen two examples of scoped resources .
In the Shared example , we used our wrapper to block access to the key functionality : we might call this negative wrapping .
With negative wrapping you need to acquire the resource to remove the wrapper and use the object inside .
In contrast , in the Enrolled example , we used our wrapper to enable access to the key functionality : we could correspondingly call this positive wrapping .
With positive wrapping you need to acquire the resource to add the wrapper and use the object inside .
So which is better : positive or negative wrapping ?
With our negative wrapping , we were able to make use of the existing functions for channels once the value was unwrapped .
Consider for a moment the possibility of adding a barrier type that had a fixed membership : no need to enroll .
To fit with our existing API for synchronising on barriers , we would have to use the Enrolled Barrier type for our fixed - membership barrier , but that seems a little misleading .
It might have been better to have a ( negative ) Unenrolled wrapper on barriers that is removed by enrolling , which would allow our API to allow synchronisation on a plain Barrier .
Negative wrappers also allow for resources to be acquired in different fashions .
You could have an Unenrolled ( Chanout Integer ) that can only be used by enrolling , which is orthogonal to a Shared ( Chanout Integer ) ; with positive wrappers this is not the case .
So overall I think it is probably better to use negative wrappers .
( The other way to do it is to have totally separate types , e.g. FilePath and Handle in with File , above .
This is fine if you only have one specific scoped resource to deal with , but loses out on the chance to have a simple type - class like Enrollable , above , that encompasses the same operation ( here : enroll ) on multiple different types being wrapped . )
The Hole
I said earlier in the post that these scoped APIs have a problem ( which exists for both positive and negative wrappers ) .
Consider again the claim function :
claim :: Shared a -> ( a -> CHP b) ->
CHP b
Now consider this code :
do escapedChan <- claim shared Chan return writeChannel escapedChan " uh-oh ! "
If you look at the function above , you ’ll see it type - checks : types “ a ” and “ b ” are both Chanout String .
What ’s happened is that we have claimed the channel , and then passed it back out of the claim block .
So now the mutex has been released , but we have the inner channel which we then use on the second line , outside the claim block .
In general , I trust the users not to make this mistake .
But there are ways to fix it .
The technique known as lightweight monadic regions allows just that : paper here , subsequent library here .
I ’m going to try to convey the key idea here ( as best I understand it ) .
The idea behind improving the scoped resource API is to parameterise the acquired resource by the monad in which they are allowed to be used .
Here ’s a simple example intended to illustrate the idea :
{-# LANGUAGE RankNTypes , EmptyDataDecls , KindSignatures #-} data UnacquiredResource makeUnacquiredResource :: IO UnacquiredResource data AcquiredResource ( m :: * -> *) useResource :: Monad m => AcquiredResource m -> m ( ) class MonadIO m where liftIO :: IO a -> m a instance MonadIO IO where liftIO = id withResource :: UnacquiredResource -> ( forall m. ( Monad m , MonadIO m ) => AcquiredResource m -> m b ) ->
IO b main :: IO ( ) main = do u <- makeUnacquiredResource withResource u $ \r -> do useResource r liftIO $ putStrLn " middle " useResource r
What ’s happening here is that the acquired resource has an extra type parameter that indicates which monad it can be used in .
The type signature of useResource makes sure you can only use the resource in its corresponding monad .
Our withResource function uses a forall to make sure that the block you pass must work with any appropriate monad it ’s given : we can actually use the plain IO monad !
In fact , we have ended up with two levels of protection in this API : the forall makes it hard to return the resource from the block ( see the rank 2 types section of this post for more information ) , and even if the user returns the resource from the block , the type signature of useResource means it ca n’t be used afterwards outside the monad it originated from .
This is only a very basic version of lightweight regions : the actual implementation supports nesting of these scopes , and even to release in a different order than scope would usually enforce ( e.g. acquire A , acquire B , release A , release B ) .
The only problem with lightweight regions is that they do create a formidable API , e.g. glance at the types and see if you can follow them .
As often in Haskell , the cleverer API that makes extensive use of the type system ends up being quite hard to understand : CHP is also guilty of this in places .
There is sometimes a trade - off between type - safety and usability — and I do n’t think either should always win .
You 've seen the devastation .
Now it 's your chance to help .
Tune in Monday night for a special " Larry King Live , Disaster in the Gulf : How You Can Help " telethon featuring an all - star panel of guests joining forces in the Gulf region .
Do n't miss " Larry King Live , " 8 p.m. ET Monday on CNN .
( CNN ) -- A BP estimate made after the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon noted that as much as 100,000 barrels per day could leak into the ocean if the blowout preventer and wellhead were removed , a higher worst - case scenario than previously reported .
According to an internal BP document released Sunday by Rep. Edward Markey , D - Massachusetts , BP believed that the worst - case scenario could be as high as 100,000 barrels , or 4.2 million gallons of oil per day .
The figure is the highest yet to surface regarding the leaking oil well .
At the disaster 's outset , BP claimed the leak was about 1,000 barrels a day , a number it later revised to 5,000 and then much higher .
BP told the House Energy and Commerce Committee that the worst - case scenario was 60,000 barrels ( 2.5 million gallons ) a day , lower than what the document states .
The document , submitted in May , maintains the 60,000 barrel estimate , but stipulates that if the " blowout preventer and wellhead are removed and if we have incorrectly modeled the restrictions , the rate could be as high as 100,000 barrels a day . "
Markey said the document " raises very troubling questions about what BP knew and when they knew it . "
" It is clear that , from the beginning , BP has not been straightforward with the government or the American people about the true size of this spill , " said Markey , the chairman of the Energy and Environment Subcommittee in the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
" Considering what is now known about BP 's problems with this well prior to the Deepwater Horizon explosion , including cementing issues , leaks in the blowout preventer and gas kicks , BP should have been more honest about the dangerous condition of the well bore , " Markey said in a statement .
BP spokesman Robert Wine said the May estimate cited in Markey 's document is irrelevant to the current situation because the oil company has no intention of removing the well 's blowout preventer .
" The allegation does n't make sense , " Wine told CNN .
" Why on earth would we remove the blowout preventer when it 's sitting on top of the sea well and providing some control ( of the spill ) ? "
Toby Odone , another spokesman for BP , added that the blowout preventer will be removed only when the well is completely killed .
A blowout preventer is designed to seal off a well in the event of an emergency , but the device has not been working since the April 20 explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon .
Also Sunday , while cleanup crews and technical teams continued efforts to stop crude gushing into the Gulf , Louisiana lawmakers proposed a different approach : prayer .
State senators designated Sunday as a day for citizens to ask for God 's help dealing with the oil disaster .
" Thus far efforts made by mortals to try to solve the crisis have been to no avail , " state Sen .
Robert Adley said in a statement released after last week 's unanimous vote for the day of prayer .
" It is clearly time for a miracle for us . "
The resolution names Sunday as a statewide day of prayer in Louisiana and calls on people of all religions throughout the Gulf Coast " to pray for an end to this environmental emergency , sparing us all from the destruction of both culture and livelihood . "
Also Sunday , wildlife officials were planning to transport and release 40 pelicans that rescuers rehabilitated after finding them covered with oil .
The birds will be moved from New Orleans , Louisiana , to the Aransas National Wildlife Refuge in Port Aransas , Texas .
As much as 60,000 barrels ( 2.5 million gallons ) of oil may be gushing into the Gulf every day , new government estimates found last week .
BP said it was able to capture roughly 8,480 barrels of oil from midnight to 12 p.m. Saturday .
The company said it captured 24,500 barrels -- just over a million gallons -- of oil Friday , a little less than it captured the day before .
BP said Saturday that it has paid $ 104 million to residents along the Gulf Coast who have filed claims related to the Gulf oil spill , issuing more than 31,000 checks in the past seven weeks .
There was no immediate response from local , state or federal officials to BP 's tally of its payments .
Meanwhile , oil recovery efforts in the Gulf resumed Saturday morning on the drill ship Discoverer Enterprise , after work was suspended for about 10 hours because of a mechanical problem .
A venting device aboard the drilling ship was not working properly , said Ayla Kelley , spokesperson for the Deepwater Horizon command center .
Other recovery efforts continued during the time that the Discoverer Enterprise was idled , she said .
She said the problem was with a blocked flame arrester , designed to prevent oil from combusting by extinguishing the flame .
On Tuesday , May 25 , 2010 , Adam Albrett , a patent attorney ( Reg. No. 50514 ) who lives in Fairfax , Virginia , was arrested and charged with making threats on the life of the President of the United States , Barack Obama .
At that time an order of temporary detention was issued by US Magistrate Judge Thomas Rawles Jones , Jr. , who ordered that Albrett be held in custody pending a detention hearing that was to be held on Thursday , May 27 , 2010 at 1:30 pm .
Instead of the detention hearing being held today it was deferred until Tuesday , June 1 , 2010 , at 2:00 pm .
Albrett ’s temporary detention was extended until that time .
A sealed criminal complaint and supporting affidavit were filed on May 21 , 2010 .
On May 25 , 2010 , Magistrate Jones issued an order to unseal the complaint , finding that revealing the contents of the complaint would no longer jeopardize the criminal investigation of Albrett .
At this time the threat and charges became known , as did the fact that Albrett allegedly goes by the alias Muhannad Almahmoudi .
According to the affidavit of Matthew Luczak , a Special Agent with the United States Secret Service , Albrett sent to the White House Correspondence Office the following threat :
THIS IS NOT A JOKE ….
Inform the FBI , CIA , U.S. Military and DOJ that I am going down to DC to blow the brains out of OBAMA unless he vacates the White House and I am going to shoot up the place and Rham if I see him … .
THIS IS NOT A JOKE …. I am going to leave Mara at home with water and some food ….
The Luczak affidavit , which acknowledges that not all information in the government ’s possession is provide , but just enough to support probable cause , also explains the rationale for believing Albrett was the one who sent the message .
The IP address of the sender of the threat was assigned to the street address given in the message itself .
The Verizon account associated with the IP Address listed the same telephone number provided in the message .
The Verizon customer ’s last name was the family name of Albrett ’s mother , brother and sister .
Additionally , according to the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles , this same address is the address listed on Albrett ’s driver ’s license .
Albrett ’s brother told investigators that Albrett was the sole resident at the address , and his sister confirmed that Albrett has a dog named Mara .
Albrett is a graduate of the University of Virginia Law School , and is the President , CEO and founder of Sirenada , Inc .
He is also a co-inventor of the technology employed in the devices under development by Sirenada .
Albrett stands accused of violating 18 U.S.C. § 871 , which relates to making threats against the President and successors to the Presidency .
He is also charged with violating 18 U.S.C. § 875 ( c ) , which relates to making interstate threats to injure a person .
Finally , he is charged with 47 U.S.C. § 223 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( E ) , which relates to repeated interstate communications solely for the purpose of harassment .
All of these violations are felonies .
Nick Clegg has criticised " unreformed gold plated " public sector pensions , as new figures show spending on them will more than double by 2014 / 15 .
The Office for Budget Responsibility ( OBR ) says the taxpayer cost is set to rise from £ 4bn to £ 9bn .
Deputy Prime Minister Mr Clegg said that was " unfair " and unaffordable .
But Dave Prentis , leader of the public sector union Unison , said the government was trying to create an " aura " of austerity before making cuts .
The coalition has promised a review of public sector pensions .
According to the OBR report , the rise in spending on provision until 2014 / 15 represents an average increase of 20 % a year in real terms .
It is the first time the cost has been projected more than one year into the future and the OBR cites " demographic " reasons - the fact that more public sector workers are due to retire in the next four years and that they are more likely to live longer .
' Not affordable '
Details of the review are expected to be announced in the Budget on 22 June , along with other plans to reduce the deficit , estimated at £ 155 bn this year .
In a speech Mr Clegg pointed to the figures in the OBR report and said : " Private sector workers have already seen final salary schemes close , while returns from defined contribution schemes fall .
" So can we really ask them to keep paying their taxes into unreformed gold - plated public sector pension pots ?
It 's not just unfair ; it 's not affordable .
The choices that were available to us just two months ago are no longer available Nick Clegg , Deputy PM
" As we face up to living within our means , we cannot ignore a spending area which will more than double within five years . "
The BBC's Nick Robinson said it was clear people in public sector pension schemes could expect to start paying more into them soon , although the government had promised the independent review first .
In his speech Mr Clegg , whose Liberal Democrats argued before the general election against spending cuts until the economy recovery was stronger , warned that the debt crisis in Europe had forced " action now so that we can still be in control of our future " .
He told the Institute for Government that Labour had left a " terrible legacy " , adding : " The choices that were available to us just two months ago are no longer available . "
' Tougher choices '
As an austerity drive has swept Europe among countries striving to slash budget deficits , markets have been charging high premiums to buy bonds from governments " whose plans they distrust " , Mr Clegg said .
" Markets have stopped believing that all European governments can service their debts . "
He added : " We simply can not afford to let that happen to us too . "
Mr Clegg said public spending savings already outlined by the coalition were the " easy choices " , with " tougher ones " on the way .
Mr Clegg said : " Spain has had the banks step in .
Greece has had the bailiffs round .
But in Britain we are determined not to let that happen .
" This is not a task we relish .
This was not our choice . "
Borrowing will be less than I forecast , so the government does n't have the excuse to raise VAT , which it is planning Alistair Darling , Shadow chancellor
One of the unions representing public sector workers , the GMB , has called for trade union representation on any new pensions commission and has warned that less generous schemes could increase pensioner poverty .
Dave Prentis , general secretary of Unison , said the government was not looking at the situation over a long enough time scale .
He told the BBC : " Over a 20 - year period , costs are not going up .
We have taken measures already to control public service pension schemes .
" In the health service people are being asked to go into a new scheme , in local government we 've already implemented one , and the civil service have done the same .
" These figures are put there to build up an aura for cuts , and it's not the true story . "
' Scaremongering '
Chancellor George Osborne has identified £ 6.2bn of government Whitehall savings this year , outlining cuts to quangos , reduced spending on consultancy and big IT projects and a civil service recruitment freeze .
More details of future spending cuts will be announced in next Tuesday 's Budget .
Mr Cameron is obsessed by the size of his deficit .
When he looks at the growth forecasts he sees a glass that is half empty rather than half full .
When he considers the borrowing bill he sees a glass overflowing with toxic debt Rachel Sylvester , The Times Read the best comment and analysis from around the web at See Also
The OBR is predicting that the UK's public deficit will fall to 10.5 % of GDP - or £ 155 bn - in the 2010 - 11 financial year , from the 11.1 % estimated by Labour .
However , it says the structural deficit - the part of the deficit that is not automatically reduced by economic growth - will widen from the Labour prediction of 7.3 % of GDP in 2010 - 11 to 8 % .
This is the most difficult part of the deficit to tackle , and Mr Osborne said the figures " could n't be clearer " , adding : " It 's damning evidence that the mess the previous government left behind is even bigger than we thought . "
But former Labour Chancellor Alistair Darling said the OBR figures " show that borrowing will be less than I forecast , so the government does n't have the excuse to raise VAT , which it is planning " .
He also warned against " scaremongering " by the government over the economy , which he said was damaging business confidence .
2010 -06-15 - Ionuț Mircea Bîru
The flashplugin has a critical vulnerability in version 10.0.45.2 which is fixed in 10.1.53.64 .
Unfortunately , Adobe released this version for i686 only and the x86_64 port was discontinued leaving the x86_64 package vulnerable .
Because of that , we cannot build an updated version for x86_64 .
While we considered pulling the x86_64 package from our repositories , for now we will leave it up to our users to remove it or keep it installed .
We suggest using alternative options for running flash - based software on x86_64 systems or using the flashblock extension for firefox .
Rome , Italy ( CNN ) --
The Vatican had praise Saturday for this week 's announcement that scientists had created the world 's first synthetic cell , calling it an " interesting result " that could help cure disease .
In an article Saturday , the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano called it " important research " and " the work of high - quality genetic engineering . "
But it said the scientists who created the cell had not created life , just " replaced one of its motors . "
The response may appear to mark a turn for the Vatican , but in fact the church does not officially oppose genetic engineering as long as the science avoids embryonic stem cells , cloning or anything else that fiddles too much with the re-creation of human life .
" Genetic engineering can do good :
It is enough to think that it could heal chromosome - related diseases , " the article said .
However , scientists must " join courage with caution , " it said .
" They touch a very fragile territory where the environment and manipulation play a role that cannot be underestimated , " the article said .
Genetics pioneer J. Craig Venter , who runs an eponymous U.S. institute for genomic research , announced Thursday that he and his team had created artificial life for the first time .
Using sequences of genetic code created on a computer , the team assembled a complete DNA of a bacterium and inserted it into a cell of bacteria .
The new cell was self - replicating , controlled only by the synthetic genome .
" The weight of the DNA is great , and great are the expectations of genetic science , " L'Osservatore Romano said .
" Nevertheless , the DNA , even though it is an excellent engine , is not life . "
Venter said his team had not created life .
" We created a new cell .
It 's alive .
But we did n't create life from scratch , " he said .
Venter said the discovery would help give science new tools for a range of applications , from converting carbon dioxide into fuel and creating new food substances to creating new vaccines to treat diseases .
The breakthrough will stimulate discussion about the possibilities , Venter told CNN .
He said his next step would be to " see if we can create some of these cures for the planet . "
CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .
I recently noted that Steve Jobs seems to be something of a prude , given his stance regarding pornography on Apple mobile devices .
I spoke too narrowly , Microsoft is also against skin - based titillation .
According to the Windows Phone 7 developer terms , no pornographic or sexually suggestive material will be tolerated .
Alas , Android has its own dedicated porn app store , and Microsoft decides to follow Jobs in offering “ freedom from pornography . ”
While this will not hurt the forthcoming Microsoft mobile platform overmuch , it does remove another potential positive element that the phones could have used to break out of the long running Microsoft mobile market share decline .
To the pornography friendly , we are sorry to bear the bad news .
However , the entire pornography discussion on mobile devices usually misses the point .
As we reported before :
Here is a little secret , every iPhone has porn built right in , it ’s called Safari .
Sure , Apple killed the devices access to most pornography by eliminating Flash , but not all .
You can view porn in Safari ; ask any 14 year old male with an iPhone , he ’ll even show you how .
When you do think about what this implies , it is a point in Android ’s favor .
Given that Android 2.2 ( Froyo ) will have the strongest Flash integration on any mass - market smart phone in the world , it will also be the most porn-capable .
For now , Microsoft is walking the Apple route and blocking anything that might offend your religious neighbor .
We will track how it shakes out .
Read next :
How to install iOS4 NOW .
M. Night Shyamalan has hired Buried screenwriter Chris Sparling to pen the thriller Twelve Strangers for Shyamalan ’s genre production company , The Night Chronicles .
Deadline says that the Twelve Strangers is about “ a jury deliberating a case involving the supernatural . ”
[ Insert joke about a twist ending that reveals the jury has been dead the whole time even though Shyamalan is n’t writing the movie or attached to direct ]
For those who do n’t know , Buried stars Ryan Reynolds as a man buried alive with a lighter and a cell phone as his only resources .
The film received positive notices at this year ’s Sundance Film Festival and will be released on October 8th .
Earlier this week , we reported that Shyamalan was shopping around a new script with Bradley Cooper , Gwyneth Paltrow , and Bruce Willis loosely attached .
Deadline says that “ Cooper would play a father on a desperate search for his missing child .
It might stray into Taken terrain , but the father taps into some supernatural powers to aid the search . ”
[ Insert joke about the father being dead the whole time ]
Hit the jump for more on Shyamalan ’s deal regarding Night Chronicles .
Twelve Strangers is the second picture of a three - picture deal where Night Chronicles makes one movie a year with Media Rights Capital based on an idea from the Sixth Sense director .
This was done because he ’s a visionary and it ’s 1999 .
The Night Chronicles - MRC deal has already yielded the thriller Devil directed by John Dowdle .
That ’s due to be released on February 11 , 2011 .
Shyamalan is putting the finishing touches on his slightly - racist and joyless - looking The Last Airbender , which is based on the not - racist and highly - enjoyable Nickelodeon animated series .
It hits theaters on July 1st in 2D and 3D .
A laugh - out - loud funny guy in a wheelchair just might be the next Oprah , if he and his legions of supporters get their way .
He also hopes to change a few minds about people with disabilities along the way .
Zach Anner , 26 , who hails from Buffalo but now lives in Austin , Texas , has been generating buzz since he posted online his audition for Your Own Show , a reality series produced by Oprah Winfrey and Mark Burnett of Survivor fame .
The competition will air on Winfrey ’s OWN network , which takes to the airwaves in 2011 .
The winner will host their own talk show .
In his audition , Anner , who has used a wheelchair since he was 5 , explains he has cerebral palsy , “ the sexiest of the palsies . ”
After posting his audition to Oprah.com in early June , Anner drew votes from friends and family , including me , his cousin .
( His dad is my mom 's brother . )
He ’d gathered approximately 8,000 votes when a friend phoned him in the middle of the night last weekend .
“ They asked me what I ’d think if I had 40,000 votes .
Then when they showed me the site , I actually had over a million , ” said Anner .
Unbeknownst to Anner , who now leads the Internet competition with more than 2.6 million votes , a link to his audition had appeared on reddit.com .
More online plugs soon followed , including a shoutout from musician John Mayer on his blog .
A hit was born .
Anner runs through some of the possibilities he rejected for his pitch , among them a cooking show ( “ Normally when I cook , I set my pants on fire ” ) and a series on health and well - being ( he appears on - camera in paisley underwear and a t - shirt , attempting yoga moves until he falls down ) .
“ This is n’t yoga , ” Anner says , as the camera pulls away to show him struggling on the floor .
“ I ’m just trying to put on my pants . ”
So far , 3,900 auditions have been submitted online , along with roughly 2,000 more at in - person casting calls .
The top 5 Internet vote - getters will be invited to audition for the reality show .
( Voting ends July 3 . )
Beth Gebhard of OWN did n’t know whether Oprah has seen Anner ’s audition .
“ She ’s been involved with the creative side of this right from the get - go , so she ’s seen a lot of them , ” said Gebhard , who enjoyed Anner ’s entry .
“ It ’s really , really funny , ” says Gebhard .
Having one of the auditions for the show go viral ca n’t hurt ratings , either , she admits .
Gebhard says
Anner ’s vote totals are pretty impressive .
“ It ’s very obvious he ’s got a lot of momentum , ” said Gebhard .
“ Humour allows people to exhale a little .
A lot of the time when people meet someone in a wheelchair , or with some disability , it ’s the first thing they notice , but they do n’t know how to react . . .
This helps people see beyond the chair , so that they can start to realize we ’re just normal people , ” says Anner .
Anner pitched a travel show designed to inspire people who never thought they could travel , and has ideas for a typical episode .
“ I ’d like to go to Rome , and maybe I ’ll be carried off the plane .
I ’d go and try to get blessed by the Pope .
And hey , if they lose my chair in the luggage and I have to get pulled around Rome in a wagon , that ’d be pretty funny , ” says Anner .
Anner says he gets his outlook from his parents , Jonathan , a bartender , and Susan , who lectures in theatre and playwrighting .
“ They always treated me just like an ordinary kid .
I ’d get into fights with my brother , they would n’t say to him ‘ Oh , leave him alone , he ’s disabled and fragile . ’
They also took me and my brother Brad on trips , ” says Anner .
Jonathan says the wheelchair has been freeing for his son , not an object of pity .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ The first time Zach was in his wheelchair , we went on a trip to the Allegheny Mountains .
I remember him chasing the birds and the butterflies around , smiling , ” says Jonathan .
“ It was the first time I ever saw him running around like that — it just happened to be in a wheelchair . ”
Anner has posted a video on YouTube thanking everyone who helped create the rush of support .
Mayer ’s video reply credits the support to Anner ’s personality and humour .
Mayer even offered to provide the theme song for Anner ’s show , if he gets it .
Anner is keen to take the heartthrob up on his offer .
“ I was thinking I might like to a duet with him , but that might cut down on the sexy factor , ” Anner jokes .
BFG Exiting Graphics Card Market
After 8 years of pro­duc­ing graph­ics cards BFG announced today that it will be exit­ing the graph­ics card mar­ket .
The com­pa­ny stat­ed that it will con­tin­ue sell­ing it ’s line of pow­er sup­plies , note­books and gam­ing com­put­ers .
“ After eight years of pro­vid­ing inno­v­a­tive , high - qual­i­ty graph­ics cards to the mar­ket , we regret to say that this cat­e­go­ry is no longer prof­itable for us , although we will con­tin­ue to eval­u­ate it going for­ward ” , said John Slevin , chair­man of BFG Tech­nolo­gies .
“ We will con­tin­ue to pro­vide our award - win­ning pow­er sup­plies and gam­ing sys­tems , and are work­ing on a few new prod­ucts as well .
I ’d like to stress that we will con­tin­ue to pro­vide RMA sup­port for our cur­rent graph­ics card war­ran­ty hold­ers , as well as for all of our oth­er prod­ucts such as pow­er sup­plies , PCs and note­books . ”
UPDATE : BFG has said that they will con­tin­ue to hon­or the war­ranties of all of it ’s exisit­ing graph­ics card cus­tomers .
So if you are cur­rent own­er of a BFG graph­ics card you can rest easy know­ing you are still under war­ran­ty .
Feel free to dis­cuss this on our forums here !
[ Update 1.30 pm : Prime Minister Gillard has just announced her cabinet changes and Senator Conroy remains where he is .
If you listen to the interview you ’ll realise why . ]
Now that Julia Gillard is Prime Minister , could or should Senator Kate Lundy replace Senator Stephen Conroy as Minister for Broadband , Communication and the Digital Economy ?
Delimiter ‘s Renai LeMai has previously suggested that Lundy would make a better communications minister , and last Thursday he asked the question again .
Gizmodo Australia is even actively campaigning for the change .
ZDnet.com.au‘s
David Braue also reckons Gillard can save the comms ministry by involving Lundy — although he does n’t go as far as calling for Conroy to be sacked , instead suggesting he become the Minister for the National Broadband Network .
In this week ’s Patch Monday podcast , to be posted this morning , I chat with Crikey ‘s Canberra correspondent Bernard Keane ( pictured ) about the possibility .
The #nocleanfeed anti-censorship campaigners might think a change in PM is reason enough to lobby for a change in communications minister , but Keane is not so sure .
We cover that in the Patch Monday conversation .
Once we got talking , we also chatted about the historical context .
A previous communications minister , Senator Richard Alston , was twice voted “ global village idiot ” , for instance .
And we went into the political issues in more depth than appropriate for Patch Monday ‘s technology industry focus .
So , here ’s the full conversation .
I always record much more material than ends up in articles or podcasts , so I ’m toying with the idea of posting all of my raw interviews here .
Whaddyareckon ?
Just in case I take that path , I ’m creating a category of posts called Conversations , and you can subscribe to the RSS feed .
For several years , Denise Carlevato has studied millions of mouse clicks and keystrokes made by anonymous computer users from all over the world .
Her objective : to make Microsoft Office better fit the way millions of people work .
>" We were making many decisions based on ... what customers wanted us to do . "
– Microsoft VP P.J. Hough
Months before Microsoft rolled out the latest version of its productivity suite , Office 2010 , 9 million people downloaded its beta version to test the software and provide feedback .
As part of the program , Microsoft collected 2 million comments from beta testers .
An additional 600 people participated in Microsoft 's Virtual Research Lab , where Carlevato and her colleagues could observe how people were using new features .
In a sense , it was a massive , controlled crowdsourcing project .
That 's just what you have to do to cater to as broad an audience as possible , says Carlevato , who has worked as a Microsoft usability engineer for 10 years .
" We do our darnedest to make sure the features we put into our product are the things people ask for , " Carlevato told Wired.com .
" We know from watching them work that they really need it . "
Though some tech observers have predicted Microsoft 's downfall after falling behind in the smartphone game and being one - upped by Apple in market capitalization , many agree that reports of the software titan 's inevitable demise are greatly exaggerated .
Microsoft as a whole remains hugely profitable , and Office has consistently been the most lucrative part of Microsoft 's business , raking in billions of dollars each quarter , even exceeding sales of Windows .
And although Google offers a competitive productivity suite , Google Docs , for free , Microsoft still has a major advantage : 67 percent of U.S. online consumers regularly use Office , while only 4 percent use Google Docs , according to Forrester Research .
" In some ways , the ' Office versus Google Docs ' debate does n’t merit a lot of consideration – it ’s still no competition , " said J.P. Gownder , a Forrester analyst .
" In terms of usage and penetration , Google Docs remains a failure –- so far , anyway . "
But staying in the lead with productivity software is n't easy , and to retain the loyalty of millions , Microsoft goes to great lengths to determine what customers want .
For Office 2010 beta , Microsoft included a feature called " Send a Smile , " a comment box for testers to submit feedback and suggestions for improvement .
Of the 2 million Send a Smile comments , 81,000 included the senders ' e-mail addresses so the engineers working to improve Office could follow up with them .
To analyze the Send a Smile feedback , Microsoft built a database and programmed algorithms to classify and tag comments under certain categories , while filtering out biased feedback and useless drivel .
From that point , researchers manually read every single comment to determine necessary tweaks and additions to Office .
A major new feature birthed from customer feedback was an online broadcasting tool for users to share PowerPoint 2010 presentations by simply sending around a URL , according to P.J. Hough , corporate vice president of Office Program Management .
" We were making many decisions not based on what others were doing , but on what customers wanted us to do , " Hough said .
" We did research on customers that led us to the path . "
Microsoft also invites select users to participate in its Virtual Lab , where they are instructed to perform specific tasks such as formatting a section of a Word document , or changing the background color of a PowerPoint presentation .
After lab participants completed each task , Carlevato and her colleagues analyzed their history to observe the actions they took .
The Virtual Research Lab is especially useful when users struggle to finish a task , because researchers can examine why they are becoming confused or taking too long and work to resolve the problem .
This is what usability researchers call " unarticulated needs , " said Carlevato .
Going beyond virtual testing , Microsoft engineers also worked one - on - one with human subjects at the University of Washington to create the brand - new Office web apps suite released in mid-June .
A group of 26 students testing an early version of Office web apps met with engineers every two weeks to discuss features they wanted or did n't like in the web - based suite .
Microsoft 's user experience research lead Leslie Scott helped lead the field trial , and she said it was crucial to work in a human environment with live feedback , because this was the very first version of Office web apps .
" While the team was building it and giving insights and information , it was still all like a big jigsaw puzzle , " she said .
" Toward the end when this all came together I had the opportunity to go out and see how the web apps were actually going to live with real people . "
Early reviews of the Office web apps ( including Wired 's ) were n't stellar , citing some missing key features and elements , but Microsoft stressed that this was a version - one product , and it would continue to collect feedback to improve the service .
" With any release as big as Office you can't do everything all at once , " said Hough , who added that any unaddressed shortcomings are " part of our engineering road map . "
Fortunately for Microsoft , there are 360 million Windows Live users with access to the Office web apps who can help crowdsource the solutions .
Update : 9 a.m. PT — originally the story attributed a quote about web apps to Char Popp , a Microsoft product planner .
The correct source was Leslie Scott , a user experience research lead .
See Also :
A new and powerful strain of marijuana advocate is hitting the streets : Moms .
A broad range of women 's groups — including Moms for Marijuana and the Women 's Marijuana Movement — are campaigning for cannabis to be legalized as a safer alternative to alcohol and tobacco :
Why do these moms want to legalize marijuana ?
The groups say smoking pot is less harmful than drinking alcohol or smoking tobacco .
They say it is an effective painkiller for various ailments that afflict women — including post - partum depression — and they say its prohibition creates a " violent and dangerous " black market which could lead to the sale of more damaging drugs to their children .
Some mothers say it can also help with the treatment of autism in kids .
What kinds of actions are they taking ?
Mostly , they are attempting to reach out to other moms .
For example , a group that calls itself Safer Alternative For Enjoyable Recreation ( SAFER ) created a special online Mother 's Day card to allow its members to " come out " to their families about using pot .
Meanwhile , the Women 's Marijuana Movement is set to lobby and organize protests in states that have legalization measures on the ballot , including California , Oregon and Washington .
" We will show our faces proudly and publicly , " says organizer Jessica Corry .
It 's our " own little tea party moment . "
( Watch an AP report about the Women 's Marijuana Movement )
Are these pot-activist moms all hippie drop outs ?
Actually , Corry is an accomplished attorney and an avowed Republican .
This is about the " long forgotten American ideal that in the absence of harm to others , government should not interfere in our personal lives , " she writes .
Does maternal advocacy have a strong track record ?
Yes .
Corry says the repeal of prohibition in 1929 was , in part , due to the activism of the Women 's Organization for National Prohibition Reform .
More recently , the Mothers Against Drunk Driving group has successfully lobbied for 30 years for tougher alcohol laws , including stricter drunk driving laws and the introduction of a national minimum drinking age .
" All the things Moms get behind , people listen , " says one activist .
Do most women agree with legalizing pot ?
Actually , a majority are opposed to it .
An AP / CNBC poll found that only 37 percent of women were in support of legalized marijuana , compared to 52 percent of men .
These advocacy groups hope that they can help change that number .
Sources : AP , Huffington Post , Women 's Marijuana Movement , Moms for Marijuana
A nice board
Here was a nice little game you have here , the sounds are nice buttons are decent , maybe make it even bigger with even more sounds added .
A well Engineered game you have here , to elaborate better on thatill go into detail later , but it was a very good game to start off with anyways , Well Established and Realized it could be better but stillis pretty nifty as is , So as i get started with this I did find it entertaining and smooth , and was overall pleased with it , besides anything else .
~~THINGS TO IMPROVE ON ~ ~
maybe make it even bigger with even more sounds added .
~X ~
news G20 Dispatches : “ The Institution of the Federal Government Does n’t Understand Toronto . ”
Christopher Bird and Christopher Drost are Torontoist ’s staffers accredited for the G20 .
They will be reporting on the inside for the duration of the summit ; Torontoist ’s complete G20 coverage , including reporting from the streets , is here .
David Miller speaking with an NGO representative .
Photo by Christopher Drost / Torontoist .
Earlier today , Mayor David Miller wandered over to the G20’s Alternative Media Centre to chat with NGO representatives — and catch the tail end of the Italy / Slovakia World Cup game — after his official press conference , in which he extolled the virtues of Toronto to visiting media .
We caught up with him for a brief one - on - one interview , and asked for his thoughts on how the summit ’s planning process has unfolded .
The Israeli Air Force recently unloaded military equipment at a Saudi Arabia base , a semi-official Iranian news agency claimed Wednesday , while a large American force has massed in Azerbaijan , which is on the northwest border of Iran .
Both reports follow by less than a week the Pentagon ’s confirmation that an unusually large American fleet sailed through the Suez Canal Saturday .
Several reports stated that an Israeli ship joined the armada .
The Pentagon played down the news , saying the American maneuvers were routine .
However , a report by Iran on Wednesday that it has enriched dozens of pounds of 17 per cent enriched uranium serves as a reminder that time is running out to stop Iran from being able to produce a nuclear weapon .
Iran ’s Fars News Agency said the Israeli military aircraft landed 10 days ago at the Saudi base near the city of Tabuk , located in northwest Saudi Arabia , one of the closest areas in the oil kingdom to Iran .
Fars said that the Tabuk base will be the central station for an Israeli attack on Iran .
It quoted an Islamic news site that a commercial airline passenger said the airport in Tabuk was closed to all other traffic during the alleged Israeli landings .
The passenger said that " no reasonable explanation ” was given for shutting down the airport and those passengers were compensated financially and booked in four - star hotels .
“ The relations between Saudi Arabia and Israel have become the talk of the town , ” the passenger added .
The chief authority in Tabuk , Prince Fahd ben Sultan , was reported be coordinating the cooperation with Israel .
Azerbaijan
Iran ’s government - funded Press TV reported that the Revolutionary Guards began closely patrolling the Islamic Republic ’s northwestern border after noticing the American forces , which Iran claimed also included Israeli troops .
Azerbaijan ’s independent
Trend news site also reported on Wednesday that American armed forces are in the country , which is in an armed conflict with rebels .
Revolutionary Guards Brigadier General Mehdi Moini said Tuesday that his forces are mobilized “ due to the presence of American and Israeli forces on the western border . ”
The Guards reportedly have called in tanks and anti-aircraft units to the area in what amounts to a war alert .
Enriched Uranium
As signs point to a higher American - Israeli military profile aimed at Iran , Ali Akbar Salehi , the Islamic Republic ’s vice president and director of the nuclear program , announced Wednesday that Iran has produced another 37 pounds of uranium enriched to 20 percent .
The production of the uranium defies United Nations demands that Iran stop its unsupervised nuclear development , although the 20 percent level is far below level that is needed to build a nuclear weapon .
" Potentially , we can produce 5 kilograms ( 11 pounds ) a month , but we are not in a hurry over this , " Salehi told the semiofficial ISNA news agency .
Fighting has now killed at least 31 people and injured hundreds since the Red Shirts , mostly rural poor , began camping in the capital on March 12 , in a bid to force out Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva .
They claim his coalition government came to power illegitimately through manipulation of the courts and the backing of the powerful military , which in 2006 forced the populist premier favored by the Red Shirts , Thaksin Shinawatra , from office in a coup
Credit : REUTERS
The next oil spill could reach the coast days earlier if The Weekly Standard ‘s Bill Kristol has his way .
Kristol told Fox News ’ Chris Wallace that he would like to see future drilling closer to shore .
“ Look , it was a bad accident but the fact is I think we get one - third of our domestic oil from the Gulf , from offshore drilling in the Gulf .
We need it .
We ca n’t cut back on it , ” said Kristol .
ADVERTISEMENT
He admitted it was a bad accident , but blamed it on the rig ’s distance from the coast .
“ If we had n’t stopped closer - in drilling after the Santa Barbara accident 40 years ago — we ’ve had these Congressional restrictions until 2008 , for 40 years — we ’d have more drilling closer in which is probably less dangerous , less treacherous than trying to drill 50 miles out from the coast , ” Kristol explained .
But it ’s not just drilling closer to shore that Kristol wants .
The neoconservative is also calling for onshore drilling in Alaska ’s ANWR .
“ If we want to have some onshore drilling we have this thing called ANWR up in Alaska which is right there .
There is no waves , no ocean .
It ’s right there and perfectly easy to drill .
A lot of oil there .
I ’m a drill , baby , drill person , ” he said .
And just in case there was any doubt about his positions on energy , Kristol also claimed “ everyone agrees , including environmentalists ” that not building new nuclear power plants was a “ wild overreaction ” to Three Mile Island .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox ’s Fox News Sunday , broadcast May 2 , 2010 .
Obama widens drone attacks in Pakistan
By Bill Van Auken
7 May 2010
The Obama administration has granted secret permission to the CIA to carry out more indiscriminate drone missile strikes in Pakistan , even as protests over civilian casualties caused by the attacks continue to grow .
Officials revealed this week that the US intelligence agency is operating under rules that allow it to target suspected “ militants ” in Pakistan based upon “ pattern of life ” analyses , without even ascertaining their identity .
For the most part , they acknowledge , the names of those assassinated with Hellfire missiles fired from Predator and the larger Reaper drones are never known .
This description of the drone program flies in the face of official propaganda , which has presented the missile attacks as part of a carefully prepared exercise in “ targeted killings ” aimed against high - ranking leaders of Al Qaeda and the Taliban .
But according to the Los Angeles Times , which cited current and former intelligence officials , “ The CIA received secret permission to attack a wider range of targets , including militants whose names are not known , as part of a dramatic expansion of drone strikes in Pakistan ’s border region . ”
The newspaper reported that the initial permission to broaden the drone campaign came during the last year of the Bush administration , but has been continued and even widened under the presidency of Barack Obama .
“ Instead of just a few dozen attacks per year , CIA operated unmanned aircraft now carry out multiple missile strikes each week against safe houses , training camps and other hiding places used by militants in the tribal belt bordering Afghanistan , ” the LA Times notes .
There have been 34 missile strikes so far this year , at least two every week , according to figures compiled by the New America Foundation .
This compares to 53 for all of last year and 30 during the last year of the Bush administration .
Intelligence officials report that the size of the drone fleet being deployed over Pakistan has doubled since Obama took office in January 2009 .
The LA Times report states that “ some analysts said that permitting the CIA to kill individuals whose names are unknown creates a serious risk of killing innocent people .
Civilian deaths caused by Western arms are a source of deep anger in Pakistan and Afghanistan . ”
Indeed , while claiming that only a handful of civilians have been slain in the missile attacks , US officials acknowledge that the CIA does not know the names of the more than 500 people it admits to having killed .
According to the New America Foundation , of the up to 247 people reported killed in attacks carried out so far in 2010 only seven have been publicly identified as “ militants . ”
Pakistani officials have charged that the overwhelming majority of the victims of the CIA missile attacks are civilians , most of them women and children .
They have placed the number of civilians killed at over 700 last year alone .
Given this scale of carnage , the deaths of civilians cannot be viewed as a matter of unfortunate accidents , but rather constitute a deliberate reign of terror that is being imposed upon what Washington views as a hostile population inhabiting the Afghanistan - Pakistan border region .
These assassinations by remote - controlled pilotless aircraft have provoked mounting anger throughout Pakistan itself .
Investigators have reported that Pakistani - American Faisal Shahzad , the suspect in last weekend ’s abortive Times Square car bombing attempt in New York City , has stated that he decided to attempt the terrorist attack after a return to his native country , where he saw the bloodshed caused by the missile strikes .
The public statements signaling a further widening of the drone campaign and a loosening of the restrictions on who may be targeted come just a week after legal experts testified before Congress , warning that both those who order these attacks and those who actually execute them could be prosecuted for war crimes .
“ Only a combatant — a lawful combatant — may carry out the use of killing with combat drones , ” Mary Ellen O’Connell , a professor from the University of Notre Dame law school , testified at the April 28 hearing held by the National Security and Foreign Affairs Subcommittee of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
“ The CIA and civilian contractors have no right to do so , ” she continued .
“ They do not wear uniforms , and they are not in the chain of command .
And most importantly , they are not trained in the law of armed conflict . ”
David Glazier , a professor from Loyola law school in Los Angeles , California , concurred with this opinion , stating that CIA personnel are “ clearly not lawful combatants , [ and ] if you are not a privileged combatant , you simply do n’t have immunity from domestic law for participating in hostilities . ”
He went on to warn that “ any CIA personnel who participate in this armed conflict run the risk of being prosecuted under the national laws of the places where [ the combat actions ] take place . ”
CIA operatives involved in the drone program , he said , could be found guilty of war crimes .
The American Civil Liberties Union issued a letter to President Obama in conjunction with the congressional hearing , noting recent reports that this administration had targeted a US citizen living in Yemen — the American - born Muslim cleric Anwar al - Awlaki — for assassination by means of a drone attack .
The letter expressed “ profound concern about recent reports indicating that you have authorized a program that contemplates the killing of suspected terrorists — including US citizens — located far away from zones of actual armed conflict .
If accurately described , this program violates international law and , at least insofar as it affects US citizens , it is also unconstitutional . ”
If you are part of the Wall Street establishment , the economic recovery is moving along quite well .
Many of the biggest firms on Wall Street just handed out record - setting bonuses , the Stock Market has been moving up steadily and the DOW is back up to around 11,000 .
Profits at the top banks have been quite impressive lately .
Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Wells Fargo combined for first quarter profits of $ 13.4 billion – the most in almost three years .
Yes , life is quite good down on Wall Street these days .
People are still buying fast cars , big yachts and homes in the Hamptons .
It is almost as if “ the greatest financial crisis since the Great Depression ” did n’t even happen .
Things are quickly getting back to “ normal ” for the banking elite and to many it seems like there are a lot more smiles down on Wall Street than there have been in a long , long time .
Bank of America ’s chief executive officer , Brian T. Moynihan , is being quoted by Reuters as saying that “ the worst of the credit cycle is clearly behind us ” and that the economic growth we are experiencing is “ real ” .
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon is quoted as saying that the U.S. economy may be poised for “ a strong recovery ” .
And why would n’t they say these things ?
Profits are up .
Their stock portfolios are up .
They are getting record bonuses .
They know that if anything does go wrong again that their friends in Washington D.C. will bail them out because they are “ too big to fail ” .
But for tens of millions of other Americans , the economy seems like it is getting worse than ever .
It is hard to explain the gut - wrenching agony that many highly - educated and highly - qualified American workers are going through as they send out hundreds of resumes only to get no response .
Or the absolute frustration of only being able to get a very low paying retail job and realizing that it will not even be able to pay the mortgage – much less support an entire family .
Or the soul - crushing despair of working two or three jobs and still not being able to pay the bills at the end of the month .
But these are the daily realities that millions of Americans must face now .
The truth is that there are not nearly enough jobs for everyone .
The number of unemployed Americans per job opening hit 5.5 in February .
It is like we are all caught in some bizarre game of musical chairs , and the losers end up destitute and out in the street .
Even many of those who can get jobs find themselves in bad situations .
Gallup ’s underemployment measure hit 20.0 % on March 15th .
That was up from 19.7 % two weeks earlier and 19.5 % at the start of the year .
A lot of very educated , very qualified people find themselves slaving away at jobs that high school students are qualified for .
But the ones being hurt the worst by this unemployment epidemic are the poor .
Check out the following chart .
At the end of 2009 , the unemployment rate for those at the top end of the income scale in the United States was about 3 % .
For those at the bottom of the income scale , the unemployment rate was about 30 % ….
It is n’t the boys down on Wall Street that are losing their homes and their jobs .
No , they are “ too big to fail ” .
It is millions of ordinary Americans that are losing their homes and their jobs .
And things keep getting worse .
According to RealtyTrac , foreclosure filings were reported on 367,056 properties in the month of March .
This was an increase of almost 19 percent from February , and it was the highest monthly total since RealtyTrac began issuing its report in January 2005 .
Not only that , but Realty Trac projects that there will be a total of 4.5 million home foreclosures by the end 2010 .
If you figure that there are approximately 4 people per household , that is another 18 million people that will be facing the pain of a foreclosure filing .
For many Americans , losing their home to foreclosure is just too much .
For example , one man in Ohio actually decided to bulldoze his own home rather than let the bank take it in foreclosure proceedings .
Because of the extreme economic conditions , millions of Americans are in severe pain and are becoming increasingly desperate .
In some of the most depressed areas , crime is absolutely spiralling out of control .
So far this year in Detroit , car thefts are up 83 % , robberies are up 50 % , burglaries are up 20 % and property destruction is up 42 % .
Adding to all of this economic despair is the fact that food and gas prices are starting to shoot up .
In some areas of the United States , people are already paying as much as $ 3.50 for a gallon of gasoline , and many experts are now predicting that gasoline could hit $ 4.00 a gallon by the end of 2010 .
Not only that , but wholesale food prices rose 2.4 % in March , matching the biggest gain in 26 years .
So while the economic recovery is buzzing along quite well down on Wall Street , the reality is that for millions of other Americans things are really hard .
In fact , not even the smaller banks are experiencing much of a recovery .
The FDIC ’s list of problem banks just hit a 17 - year high .
No , the main beneficiaries of this “ economic recovery ” are the boys over on Wall Street .
They should enjoy it while it lasts , because even harder economic times are on the way , and the reality is that none of us will be able to completely escape the economic pain that is coming .
[ FREE ] Heirloom Tomato Seeds … Today Only !
Get 150 FREE Heirloom Tomato Survival Seeds .
Limit 1 Per Household , USA & Canada Residents
Only , Just Cover Postage .
Claim Your Free Seeds Now >>
From the great heart of the Buddha , and from the great heart of Thich Nhat Hanh , to the wounded child in each of us :
“ In our childhood we may have been through stages of great difficulties .
We have been wounded , we have had traumas and we generally do not want to remember those stages of suffering .
In us there is a protective defense mechanism , we want to defend ourselves against our suffering .
Every time we are in touch with the experience of suffering , we cannot bear it and therefore the thing called “ defense mechanism ” tries to hide these things deep down in our unconscious mind and when someone comes along and digs up these sufferings , we cry , we weep , we are sorrowful and we can not eat for a couple of days .
But running away from our suffering is not the best way to deal with it .
Therefore , in Buddhism we are taught that we should practice mindfulness .
We should produce the energy of mindfulness and return and embrace the young child who is wounded in us .
That young child can have been very heavily wounded – very severely wounded , but because , for many decades , we have n’t had the strength to deal with it , we have tried to run away from that suffering .
We have not dared to face it and therefore the wounded child in us continues to suffer and is asking for care and love , but we do the opposite – we run away .
We are always running away , because we are afraid of suffering and therefore the method of Buddhism is to practice in such a way that we produce the energy of mindfulness and with the energy of mindfulness we are no longer afraid .
We are able to return and we are able to recognize that child in us .
We are able to embrace that child in us and we are able to talk to that child in us .
When we have the energy of mindfulness we have the capacity to embrace that child like we would embrace a young brother or sister who has been wounded and we say , “ I have , in the past , left you alone – I have gone away from you … now I am very sorry .
I am going to embrace you .. ”
We have to embrace that child and , if necessary , we have to cry together with that child perhaps while we are doing sitting meditation .
We have to talk to that child with the language of love … ”
Excerpt From a Dharma Talk given by Thich Nhat Hanh on March 26 , 1998 in Plum Village , France .
♡♡♡
37.871593 -122.272747
Should I be investing in a tin hat and boarding up my home ?
If I believe everything I read in the British press , it would be a wise move .
According to them , there is a wave of anti-British sentiment sweeping the United States , on the back of the Deepwater Horizon oil disaster .
It 's news to me .
I have just come back from my third trip to the Gulf Coast and have not found a shred of evidence for this .
I reported a couple of weeks ago on a few jokes about my accent and one historical jest .
Not even that this time .
Knowing the interest in this " story " back home , I deliberately asked if there was any such resentment .
No - one took the bait .
I can't read every blog , every supermarket tabloid and listen to every radio talk show and cable channel , but I have n't heard or read anything to support the thesis .
That may change .
Indeed the media has a magic that sometimes turns what it wishes for into reality .
On the other hand , you can hardly underplay the fury towards BP and the dislike of the British energy giant 's chief executive , Tony Hayward , in the US Gulf , in the media and among those politicians who deal with them .
The fact that Mr Hayward is not American has probably made him all the more irritating to his US audience .
The fury directed at BP may be stronger because they are a foreign company .
It 's hard to say .
The executives of Goldman Sachs may feel their American nationality has not helped them .
The Japanese bosses of Toyota would probably see it slightly differently .
There is no doubt that the attacks on BP have made it very clear how much the company has been damaged and that may well have a huge effect in Britain .
Politicians and the public are rightly concerned about that .
President Obama 's increasingly harsh rhetoric , which now appears to be at an intensity and volume to satisfy the Washington press corps , may have played into this .
His suggestion that BP should not pay dividends has hurt .
US Attorney General Eric Holder has said he will take " what ever steps necessary " to make sure BP pays the full cost of the clean up .
A reporter asked Mr Holder if he was looking at measures to stop the company paying out a dividend to shareholders .
He replied : " It is our aim , and I can make a pledge to the American people that they will not pay a dime towards the clean up of the gulf region and BP will be held to its responsibility to pay for all damage , and we will take all necessary steps to make sure that occurs . "
Pressed if that meant taking out an injunction , he said : " we will take whatever steps are necessary . "
Hardly reassuring for BP shareholders .
But anti-British feeling ?
I suspect the facts will never get in the way of a good story for some , but I 'll forgo the tin hat for now .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
If you ’ve lost Rory Stewart , you ’ve lost the war .
Rory Stewart is a young British conservative , who once walked Afghanistan and later governed the Iraqi province of Maysan in 2003 - 2004 under Paul Bremer ’s Coalition Provisional Government .
He is now a Tory Member of Parliament and a junior member of the Foreign Affairs Select Committee in that body .
Stewart ran a charity for years while residing in Kabul .
He long expressed skepticism about a troop escalation in Afghanistan , but he is now in a position to influence British Prime Minister David Cameron .
Stewart has vocally and publicly come out against the troop escalation or ‘ surge ’ .
And he wants a rapid reduction , though not complete withdrawal , beginning next summer ( something that sounds to me sort of like the Biden / Eikenberry limited counter - terrorism strategy as opposed to McChrystal ’s broad counter - insurgency campaign ) .
Stewart says , “ I do not believe we can win a counterinsurgency campaign .
We are never going to have the time or the troop numbers .
Even if you put 600,000 troops on the ground , I ca n’t see a credible , effective , legitimate Afghan Government emerging . . .
If you keep going like this the backlash that will build up , the spectres of Vietnam that will emerge in the minds of the British public will mean that we will end up leaving entirely and the country will be much worse off . ”
He adds that after the draw - down of troops , “ You would have a few planes around but you would no longer do counter - insurgency .
You would no longer be in the game of trying to hold huge swathes of rural Afghanistan . ”
Some 64 % of the British public believes the Afghanistan war is frankly unwinnable , such that they are substantially more pessimistic than the American public ( see below ) .
And , almost as many Britons want their troops out of Afghanistan by the end of 2010 as think the war can not be won .
Rory Stewart may be the single Western politician who knows Afghanistan best , and he is talking sense . if President Obama , Prime Minister Cameron , and Gen. Petraeus are looking for a voice of experience and someone who can see the forest , not just the trees , Stewart is their man .
But to tell you the truth , I think anyone who knew anything serious about Afghanistan would say the same thing .
The ‘ counter - insurgency ’ vision of US troops essentially conquering ( “ taking ” ) great tracts of Pashtun territory and even whole Pashtun cities such as Qandahar , and then pacifying them ( clearing , holding , building ) only has a 10 percent chance of succeeding .
It is moreover risky , since it could create vast resentments among the divided Pashtuns and push more of them into opposition to the Karzai government and to the foreign troop presence .
The whole American public is moving in Stewart ’s direction , after a period of relative optimism in which they gave incoming President Obama the benefit of the doubt with regard to his insistence that he could turn Afghanistan around .
Americans are returning to the pessimistic mood on the war that they were in during the last years of the Bush administration .
In a new Rasmussen opinion poll , nearly 60 % of likely American voters say either that the US cannot win in Afghanistan or that they are not sure it can ( but only 36 % say flatly that the US cannot win ) .
Nearly half say it is more important to end the war than to win it .
This Rasmussen poll shows a mood even more pessimistic than another recent sounding by ABC & the Washington Post , which found that 53 % of Americans think the war is not worth its cost .
Nearly half in the Rasmussen poll also say that they think Afghanistan is very important to US security and over 80 % think it is at least somewhat important .
It is hard to understand how the fifth poorest country in the world , a virtual failed state , can pose a security threat to the United States .
I presume this sentiment is the long arm of the September 11 attacks , though that operation was carried out by a small transnational terrorist group consisting of non-Afghans , not by the country of Afghanistan .
As usual , party politics skews these results .
Rasmussen says that over two - thirds of Democrats think President Obama is doing a good job with his Afghanistan policy , whereas only 15 % of Republicans agree .
This ‘ two - party epistemology ’ in the US ( as I called it early in the Iraq War ) produces odd outcomes , such as that 60 % of Republicans think it is more important to win the war than to end it , but they do n’t like Obama ’s efforts to do just that .
Whereas most Democrats want out , the opposite of Obama ’s policy of escalation–but a super - majority of Democrats thinks Obama is doing a dandy job in running the war .
This odd set of contradictory attitudes is what allows the war to go marching vigorously on .
Democrats do not wish to undermine their own president , who is committed to prosecuting the war , and while Republicans do n’t like Obama , they support the war effort .
Some 15 % of respondents admitted that they are n’t following the war , while 41 % say they are following it very closely .
But 83 % claim to be following the news about the Afghanistan war at least somewhat closely .
This set of responses proves again that people tell pollsters what they they think they ought to be doing , rather than what they do do .
Afghanistan news is almost never in the top 15 “ favorite ” news stories at google .
news or Blogpulse or at CNN , and often does n’t even make “ world news ” at google .
The McChrystal saga was an exception , because it was in a way a domestic story .
But about this issue , the respondents are just lying .
Few are actually paying attention .
For another take on the Rasmussen poll , the CSM .
Alan Wake was first shown to the public at the 2005 Electronic Entertainment Expo , and was originally a tool to help drive gamers to DirectX 10 , and by extension Windows Vista .
Since that time , the PC version has been killed and the game is now an Xbox 360 exclusive .
PC gamers certainly have reason to be bitter — this is an original , compelling game .
Combined with Heavy Rain , it proves that video games have come a long way in the art of telling a story that does n't rely on space marines or World War II .
Alan Wake is a best - selling novelist , writing books about a hard - nosed New York cop named Alex Casey .
After a run of successful crime thrillers ,
Wake killed his meal ticket with his latest novel , " The Sudden Stop . "
After that , he found himself in a sort of hell , suffering from writer 's block .
His wife thinks the best thing for him is to escape to the scenic town of Bright Falls , and maybe they can rediscover his love of writing together .
But something wants to keep him in the sleepy town , and its grasp is tight .
Title Alan Wake Developer Remedy Entertainment Publisher Microsoft Price $ 59.99 Shop.Ars Platform Xbox 360
What sort of game is this ?
Wake begins with the titular character quoting Stephen King on the nature of fear , and you 'll hear references to King throughout the story .
It 's not a stretch , because Alan Wake seems like something King would have written ; the game shares King 's love of taking decent but flawed people and putting them in horrific circumstances .
God may not play dice with the universe , but writers sure as hell do .
The game 's settings are convincingly rendered
Soon ,
Wake is stuck in a world that may or may not be real , willing to go to any length to save his wife .
The relationship between Alan and his wife is actually one of the most impressive things about this game : it feels real , with arguments , misunderstandings , and a strong undercurrent of love and affection .
She 's scared of the dark , and when the lights go out in the house it 's surprising how quickly you feel protective .
In many ways this is n't a horror game — it 's a love story .
My name is Alan Wake
The game takes place in Bright Falls , and the town feels real ; the environments are stunning in their detail .
The characters you encounter in the game also feel realistically odd and idiosyncratic , which adds to the Twin Peaks - ish feel of the game .
The lighting effects are beautifully done , for good reason : light plays a huge part in the game .
You 're rarely without your flashlight , and much of the tension in the game comes from things you barely make out in the darkness .
The game gives you guidance on how to set up the brightness before you start playing , and you should take the advice .
The game is dark for a reason , and playing with the lights out adds to the mood .
Light is a powerful weapon , and you 'll use many light - based tools to fight the darkness
You 'll spend the majority of the game both figuratively and literally in the dark , trying to solve the puzzle of what 's going on around you , and searching desperately to find out what happened to your wife .
At times , it seems as if the very fabric of reality is in play , and you 'll be asked to believe wildly different things about your situation .
To further confuse you , pages of an unfinished novel are scattered throughout the game , and you 'll find that they describe things that are happening now , things that happened in the past , and things that may happen in the future .
These are n't just clever collectibles used to add color to the story ; the manuscript exists in the game world .
Other characters are aware of it , and they have different ideas about what it can do , and about what Wake himself is capable of .
Alan
Wake is n't acting in a vacuum , and other characters are clearly aware that there is something large and terrible happening in the town around them .
Alan himself comments that it's a rare town that gives public works employees flash bang grenades .
A third World War is already underway between Islamic militancy and the West but most people do not realize it , the former head of Israel ’s intelligence service Mossad said in an interview published Saturday in Portugal .
‘ We are in the midst of a third World War , ’ former Mossad chief Efraim Halevy told weekly newspaper Expresso .
‘ The world does not understand .
A person walks through the streets of Tel Aviv , Barcelona or Buenos Aires and does n’t get the sense that there is a war going on , ’ said Halevy who headed Mossad between 1998 and 2003 .
‘ During World War I and II the entire world felt there was a war .
Today no one is conscious of it .
From time to time there is a terrorist attack in Madrid , London and New York and then everything stays the same . ’
Violence by Islamic militants has already disrupted international travel and trade just as in the previous two world conflicts , he said .
Halevy , who was raised in war - time London , predicted it would take at least 25 years before the battle against Islamic fundamentalist terrorism is won and during this time a nuclear strike by Islamic militants was likely .
‘ It does n’t have to be something very sophisticated , It does n’t have to be the latest nuclear technology , it can be something simple like a dirty bomb which instead of killing millions only kills tens of thousands , ’ he said .
Halevy served as an envoy for former Israeli Prime Ministers Yitzhak Shamir , Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres and is a former Israeli ambassador to the European Union .
Love it :
Over the past several years Republican Lindsey Graham has acquired the reputation of a flip - flopper .
Once a detractor of Donald J. Trump , the senator from South Carolina is now one of his most loyal allies .
As the debate over who will fill the seat of the late Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg heats up , his hypocrisy is taking center stage .
On Friday , following the death of Ginsburg , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said that the Senate would confirm Trump ’s nominee , despite the country being less than two months away from an election .
Over the weekend , Graham said he supported the decision .
In 2016 , however , Graham ’s position was that a SCOTUS nominee should not be installed during the last year of a president ’s term .
He even went as far as saying Democrats could use his words against him if the situation should ever flip .
Dozens of Democrats have done so and on Monday , more than 100 demonstrators gathered outside the Republican leader ’s home in Washington to call the Senator up for reelection a “ two - faced coward ” and a “ hypocrite . ”
Popular anger over economic austerity measures in Greece exploded on to the streets as striking workers brought the debt - stricken country to a halt and militant seamen stopped holidaymakers from boarding island ferries .
The stand - off , which saw thousands of bewildered tourists being stranded at the port of Piraeus , follows mounting tension between unions and George Papandreou 's socialist government .
In an electric atmosphere , about 20,000 protesters marched through the capital to denounce the IMF - sponsored fiscal programme Papandreou has vowed to enact in exchange for € 110bn ( £ 89bn ) of emergency loans , the biggest bailout in history .
Athens ' debt exceeds € 310bn , by far the largest in the European Union .
" Capitalists , not workers , should pay for the crisis , " the demonstrators chanted as riot police clashed with a minority of self - styled anarchists also attending the rally .
" IMF – get out of Greece . "
The protests , which despite a lower than usual turnout attributed by unionists to the summer heat , came as parliament prepared to debate legislation outlining radical reforms to the pension system .
The shake - up , which also overhauls labour laws long blamed for the country 's lack of competitiveness , will cut pensions , raise the retirement age and enable companies to dismiss employees with greater ease .
Lavish pensions , more than anything else , are thought to have contributed to the drain on public finances .
Greek pensioners on average retire on 96 % of the salary earned while they were employed , more than twice that enjoyed by Germans now bankrolling the rescue package , according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) .
" Greece , " said Miranda Xafa , a former director at the IMF , " is a classic case of entitlements granted by short - sighted governments that did n't bother to secure financing sources . "
Without radical redress , experts believe the country 's pension system will collapse in under 15 years .
But the reforms , which follow drastic cuts to public sector wages , tax rises and an increase in VAT from 19 to 23 % , have also ignited controversy and the fiercest opposition yet .
Greeks contend the legislation will dismantle the social welfare system .
Anger is such that senior members of the ruling Pasok party have signalled that they may reject the legislation when it is put to vote in Athens ' parliament next week .
Papandreou , who was forced to expel three MPs when they refused to endorse the IMF - EU austerity measures , now commands 157 seats out of 300 in the house .
I bought these sunglasses primarily for rock - hounding trips because they flip up .
However , they are also great for running errands around town .
It 's really convenient to just flip them up when you go indoors for brief periods of time .
Lens are good quality with no color changes or distortion .
The fit is good but maybe tight on someone with a larger head .
Only down side so far is they are a little heavy but they do not slide down my nose .
...
Apple does n’t appear to be giving up any ground on the issues surrounding reception with its hot - selling iPhone 4 .
Many have reported issues with the phone losing bars ( which leads to dropped calls and neutered internet speeds ) with some even posting on YouTube to voice their frustrations .
Steve Jobs first suggested that users need to adjust the way they hold the phone to improve reception and Apple later released an official statement which noted that all phones can suffer from reception problems .
Now , however , Boy Genius Report has secured an internal Apple memo which describes to Apple Store employees how to deal with customers that come in with problems .
In typical Apple fashion , the memo starts off by praising the iPhone 4 , stating , “ The iPhone 4 ’s wireless performance is the best we have ever shipped .
Our testing shows that iPhone 4 ’s overall antenna performance is better than iPhone 3GS . ”
The memo goes on to say that , “ If you are experiencing this on your iPhone 4 , avoid covering the black strip in the lower - left corner of the metal band . ”
The problem with that suggestion is that for many people who hold their phone in their left hand , your palm naturally rests on black strip that Apple references .
The memo also notes that no warranty work will be performed for iPhone 4 ’s that are afflicted with reception problems and echoes earlier statements that customers should use a case to alleviate the problem .
For customers hoping to get a free case out as a result of these reception problems , Apple has an answer for you :
We ARE NOT appeasing customers with free bumpers – DON ’T promise a free bumper to customers .
Updated 6/30/2010 @ 8:23 am
Engadget is reporting that Apple is now hiring Antenna Engineers for the iPhone / iPad .
Coincidence ?
Editors ' Recommendations
As President Obama prepares to return to the Gulf Coast Friday , he is receiving increasing criticism for his handling of the oil spill .
For good reason : Since the Deepwater Horizon rig blew up on April 20 , a lethargic Team Obama has delayed or blown off key decisions requested by state and local governments and left British Petroleum in charge of developing a plan to cap the massive leak .
Now the slow - moving oil spill threatens Mr. Obama 's reputation , along with 40 % of America 's sensitive wetlands ....
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The US warned Pakistan that a recently signed gas pipeline deal with Iran could run afoul of new sanctions being finalized in Congress , the US special envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan said Sunday .
Richard Holbrooke delivered the message during a visit to Pakistan , his first since Iran inked a contract earlier this month to export 21.5 million cubic meters ( 760 million cubic feet ) of gas per day to Pakistan beginning in 2014 .
" We cautioned the Pakistanis to try to see what the ( congressional ) legislation is before deciding how to proceed because it would be a disaster if ... we had a situation develop where an agreement was reached which then triggered something under the law , " Holbrooke said .
The US has discouraged countries from doing business with Iran because of its refusal to suspend uranium enrichment , a process that can produce fuel for a nuclear weapon .
Washington has worked with the UN to levy four sets of sanctions against Iran and has also unilaterally targeted companies and individuals helping Iran develop its atomic and missile programs .
The US Congress is currently finalizing a new set of sanctions largely aimed at Iran 's petroleum industry .
Both houses have passed versions of the sanctions and are working to reconcile their differences .
Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi said Sunday that local experts have determined the pipeline deal with Iran does not violate existing sanctions .
But he did not address the new sanctions being discussed by Congress .
While US officials have expressed opposition to the Pakistan - Iran gas pipeline deal , the issue is complicated by Washington 's reliance on Pakistan 's cooperation to fight al - Qaida and the Taliban .
The US also acknowledges that Pakistan faces a severe energy crisis and has made aid to the energy sector one of its top development priorities .
Electricity shortages in Pakistan cause rolling blackouts that affect businesses and intensify suffering during the hot summer months .
Mrs Glathorne said the wind farm would have affected the whole family A North Lincolnshire windfarm plan has been rejected because of the " serious effect " it would have on eight - year - old autistic twin boys living nearby .
Anita and Trevor Glathorne , whose Burton upon Stather home is already overlooked by one windfarm , said the rotating blades affected their sons .
The planning inspectorate dismissed the appeal solely because of the impact the farm would have on Lewis and Ross .
Developer Ridge Wind said it was disappointed with the decision .
' Spinning objects fixation '
The developers appealed to the planning inspectorate after North Lincolnshire Council rejected the application for the Grange windfarm last year .
It would have overlooked the front of the Glathornes ' house , so they campaigned to have the application refused because they said it would harm their sons who both have autistic spectrum disorder .
Both boys just stand and scream and flap their arms ecstatically at them spinning and get quite cross when they do n't spin
Anita Glathorne
A report dismissing the appeal detailed evidence from a clinical psychologist who said the boys had a " fixation with spinning objects " , adding that the " time they spend engaged in spinning and observing objects has to be limited in order to allow them to engage in other more meaningful activities " .
Mrs Glathorne told BBC
News the existing Bagmoor windfarm overlooking the back of their home had had a " massive effect " on her sons .
" Both boys just stand and scream and flap their arms ecstatically at them spinning and get quite cross when they do n't spin ... it 's unbelievable the effect , really , worse than we could have ever imagined . "
She said Ross had become so obsessed with the turbines that they had moved his bedroom .
' Mutually acceptable solution ' Mrs Glathorne added : " We just were n't prepared to make them prisoners in their own home ... why should we when they 've got such a lot of freedom and a such a lovely place to grow up ? "
Planning inspector John Braithwaite said : " The effect of the Grange windfarm on the health and well being of Lewis and Ross , and on the health and well being of their parents and sister , cannot be underestimated .
" It is , in fact , difficult to imagine how the family could continue to live at their home if Grange was to be built in addition to Bagmoor . "
Marjorie Glasgow , managing director of developers , Ridge Wind , said : " While we are disappointed with the decision , we admire the Glathornes ' care of their children and appreciate they are only doing what they think is best .
" We have consulted with experts , who believe that the impact is mitigable .
" It is a two - way communication process and we still hope to work alongside the Glathorne family to develop a mutually acceptable solution . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Detroit Red Wings have selected Swedish center Calle Jarnkrok with their second pick ( 51st overall ) in the NHL entry draft Saturday at Staples Center in Los Angeles .
The 5 - foot - 11 , 156 - pound Jarnkrok had 10 points ( four goals , six assists ) in 33 games with Brynas in the Swedish Elite League and also recorded 31 points ( 11 goals , 30 assists ) in 19 games with the Brynas Under - 20 team in 2009 - 10 .
Here is what NHL director of European scouting Goran Stubb said of Jarnkrok on NHL.com : " He 's small , but extremely skillful .
A very fast skater , very quick moves , good hands -- he 's an exciting player , great attitude . "
Jarnkrok competed for Sweden at the 2009 Under - 18 World championships , tying for the team lead in assists ( seven ) and finishing with a plus - five rating .
He was ranked fourth among European skaters by NHL Central Scouting , a sharp improvement from his No. 21 mid-term ranking .
McKeen 's draft report said of Jarnkrok : " He has a conscious two - way game that
is backed by superior hockey sense and speed .
Jarnkrok is incredibly fast and darts in
and out of scoring areas .
He processes the game incredibly well and is always a step
ahead of other players .
Despite being undersized at 5 - 11 and 160 pounds , his innate hockey sense and passing skills help him elude checks and maneuvers into scoring areas .
He also plays a feisty , spirited game and does not hesitate to get his nose dirty .
Jarnkrok supports the defence and is a pit - bull on the fore check , often
winning loose puck battles in open ice and along the boards . ''
He lists the Red Wings as his favorite team and fellow Swede Henrik Zetterberg his favorite player .
Open the FaceTime app and sign in with your Apple ID .
You can also do this from Settings > FaceTime .
If you 're using an iPhone , FaceTime automatically registers your phone number .
To also register your email address on your iPhone , go to Settings > FaceTime >
Use your Apple ID for FaceTime , and sign in with your Apple ID .
If you 're using an iPad or iPod touch , register your email address by tapping Settings > FaceTime >
Use your Apple ID for FaceTime , and sign in with your Apple ID .
Barring unexpected complications , Jose Reyes will be in the Mets ’ lineup Saturday for their home game against the Nationals .
The plan is for Reyes to play one more minor league game Thursday in Port St. Lucie , Fla. , then travel to New York , where he will join the team Friday .
He is not eligible to play in a game until Saturday , when he comes off the 15 - day disabled list .
Reyes played in a minor league intrasquad game Wednesday and went 1 for 5 with a ground - rule double .
He played five innings in the field .
On Tuesday he played all nine innings of an extended spring training game .
“ Barring any setbacks , we anticipate that , the physical conditioning part of it is going extremely well , ” Manager Jerry Manuel said .
“ He ’s getting enough at - bats , so we will do another evaluation on Thursday after he plays in St. Lucie . ”
Attachment is the great fabricator of illusions ; reality can be attained only by someone who is detached .
~ Simone Weil
Anyone who has not seen the videotape of the July 12 , 2007 , helicopter attack by American soldiers that resulted in the deaths of unarmed Iraqi civilians and two Reuters news employees , can view it on YouTube .
After months of requests , by Reuters , for this video — followed by refusals from the military — WikiLeaks received a copy from an unknown source .
The revelation of this atrocity quickly raised criticisms not just of the practice , but of the mindsets of soldiers who could so eagerly and gleefully carry out this slaughter of innocents .
Even the shooting of children at the scene produced no apparent sense of wrongdoing on the part of the soldiers .
One of the best analyses of this evil act was offered by Karen Kwiatkowski .
How does such moral depravity not just occur , but become so pervasive in our world ?
The occasional recordings of such behavior touch only the surface of institutionalized viciousness .
Was Rodney King the first person to be brutalized by police officers ?
Were civilians shielded from execution - style murder prior to the My Lai massacre ?
Did the revelations at Abu Ghraib constitute the first acts of torture practiced by American soldiers upon captive civilians ?
In each of these occurrences — a precedent no doubt to be followed in the current criminal machine - gunning of Iraqis — one or more scapegoats were selected for punishment , so as to distance the brutality of their actions from the more pervasive inhumanity that inheres in the institutions for whom they acted .
In Restraint of Trade : ... Butler Shaffer , Butler ... Check Amazon for Pricing .
The central theme of my writing has been to demonstrate that allowing institutional purposes to pre-empt our own has been destructive of life , liberty , peace and , ultimately , of civilizations .
We have long walked a line between our need for social organization — as a way of satisfying various mutual needs — and becoming so attracted to the systems that serve our interests that we want to make them permanent .
We move imperceptibly from associations that we control in pursuit of our ends , to organizations that become ends in themselves , and that control us in order to foster their interests .
When this occurs , the informal organization has metamorphosed into an institution .
I have developed this process more fully in my book , Calculated Chaos .
Boundaries of Order : P... Butler D. Shaffer Best Price : $ 8.25 Buy New $ 989.90 ( as of 11:14 EST - Details )
An institution is no longer a convenient tool for our mutual benefit , but an end in itself ; its own raison d’tre .
It has taken on a life of its own , one that differs from , and usurps , our purposes .
Because they can only function and survive through using people , institutions require humans to identify their sense of being with them .
To this end , government schools have been established , whose primary purpose has always been to condition young minds in the necessity and desirability of the institutional scheme of things .
In the words of Ivan Illich , " [s ] chool is the advertising agency which makes you believe that you need the society as it is . "
Schools also help us learn to seek meaningful and well - paying careers within institutional hierarchies .
When we identify ourselves with , and attach ourselves to these institutional entities , we absorb their values ; their purposes ; their modus operandi .
Such practices of attachment can be analogized to a cancer that metastasizes our inner sense of being .
In the process , we become dehumanized , for institutions have no souls ; no emotions ; no spiritual , moral , or intuitive sense .
They neither cry , bleed , love , or experience elation .
They are machines and , like other machines , operate solely on the basis of mechanics , linear processes , and material ends .
When we become institutionalized , we become little more than robots — servo-mechanisms — functioning in response to how we have been programmed to perform .
Calculated Chaos : Inst ... Butler D. Shaffer , But ... Best Price : $ 6.73 Buy New $ 41.95 ( as of 05:30 EST - Details )
The emotional and spiritual dimensions that make us human are of no value to institutions which , in times of political wrong - doing , urge us to suppress such sentiments .
Anything that is nonmaterial is immaterial to members of the institutional order .
In place of deeply - held philosophic principles , institutions have policies ; their sense of " meaning " consists only of perpetuating themselves by maximizing their power and material wealth .
To such entities , human beings have value only as fungible resources to exploit on behalf of institutional ends .
The Left , The Right an ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr Best Price : $ 7.33 Buy New $ 40.00 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
It would be easy to condemn the soldiers who engaged in this slaughter as " evil " or " depraved " or " insane " beings .
Such is the manner in which we have long accustomed ourselves to blanking out any awareness of the " dark side " of our own unconscious .
In such ways have we isolated ourselves from the Hitlers , Stalins , Mao Tse - Tungs , Pol Pots , and other tyrants , leaving us with the comforting feeling that we shared nothing in common with them .
But history informs us — if we will only look — that , once we have identified ourselves with any purpose beyond ourselves , we can become capable of the most vicious forms of wrongdoing .
How do otherwise decent men participate in a lynch - mob ?
The state — an institution that is defined in terms of enjoying a monopoly on the use of violence — is particularly attractive to men and women whose " dark sides " are closer to the surface than those of more tolerant and peaceful persons .
When the state energizes this " dark side " — which it does particularly in wartime , the quality that led Randolph Bourne to identify war as " the health of the state " — otherwise decent men and women can turn themselves into agents of savage brutality .
When their murderous acts are conducted on behalf of the state — with which most people identify themselves — their actions acquire an aura of legitimacy that would not have obtained under other circumstances ; a distinction that would prevent them from becoming serial killers upon their return home .
Identifying ourselves with the state , in other words , has a way of turning us into sociopaths .
It is not that the state does this to us , but that our willingness to attach ourselves to external entities — and the values upon which they are grounded — separates us from our focused inner sense of being .
This applies not just to the pilots of helicopter gun-ships over Baghdad , but to more visible political figures such as Madeleine Albright — who defended her Clinton - era policies that led to the deaths of 500,000 Iraqi children — and Janet Reno , who defended her massacre of Branch Davidian men , women , and children at Waco .
More recent application of these dynamics are found in George W. Bush ’s fascination with starting pre-emptive wars against the rest of the world , and Barack Obama ’s apparent willingness to use nuclear weapons in future pre-emptive attacks , as well as to assassinate Americans .
People who are willing to embrace — or even to tolerate — such sociopathic conduct , have lost all touch with what it means to be human ; have lost their souls .
No federal bailouts ; no increase in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , or decrease in unemployment levels , will overcome this loss .
Nor can any " stimulus package " be enacted — with or without bipartisan support — to restore the personal integrity long since lost .
There was a time , not so many decades ago , when brute force — particularly when engaged in by police and military agents of the state — was at least frowned upon , if not condemned , by decent men and women .
The threshold level for such practices continues to get progressively lower .
A major contribution to Barry Goldwater ’s defeat in the 1964 presidential campaign , was the unfounded fear that he might be willing to use nuclear weapons in the war in Vietnam .
Modernly , Bush ’s and Obama ’s willingness to initiate a nuclear war have raised no major outcries from most Americans , who seem to prefer " hope " ( i.e. , wishful thinking ) over intelligent " understanding " as a way of making the world free , peaceful , and productive .
When the 2008 GOP presidential candidate , John McCain , can garner nearly 60,000,000 votes with his sociopathic dance of " bomb , bomb , bomb Iran , " should we be shocked by the butcherous conduct of some American helicopter pilots ?
The Best of Butler Shaffer
another one that appeared in the comix section of the paper .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Safari 5 has finally opened its door for extensions offering Safari lovers to modify the browser to enhance their browsing experience .
An Official Gallery for Plugins is yet to come from Apple but if you want to start tweaking your Safari right now without waiting for Apple to open it then here are some of the best extensions for Safari 5 available now , collected from different sites :
( But first , if you have n’t already , you ’ll need to enable the extensions feature .
Scroll down to the bottom of this post to know how to do it )
The extensions themselves are easy to install .
Just download , double - click the file ( maybe unzip it first ) , and Safari will ask if you want to really install it .
Say yes , and Jobs ’s your uncle .
1. NoMoreiTunes Safari Extension
NoMoreiTunes is an extension which disables the script that tries to start iTunes when you visit a link to the iTunes Store .
It ’s annoying and redundant as there is iTunes Preview for Music and Apps now .
The pages will show a big button which loads iTunes once ( and only if ) you click it .
Download This Plugin
2. Rapportive
Until the Rapportive guys start working for their official extension for Safari , just like in Chrome , Davide Di Cillo decided to make his own Rapportive plugin for Safar 5 .
It ’s a super simple CRM for Gmail , that replace the ads with the personal information about the sender based on their email address , pulling data from Twitter , Crunchbase , Linkedin and many other sources .
Download This Plugin
3. Short ‘N Little bit.lie
This plugin is an All in one URL Shortening with more 150 active services like bit.ly , tinyurl.com , su.pr , goo.gl etc .
It has an attractive bar ( can be toggled ON / OFF ) with URL address and GO button , URL checker , etc with Handy Snap and Go ( just like Google Chrome ‘ Paste and Go ) features .
This is a great plugin specially for tweeps who like to tweet stuffs they like .
Just paste the link and click on GO and you will get a shortened URL .
OR just right click on the link and shorten it !
So there ’s no need to visit different sites like bit.ly or any other shortening site to shorten the URL 😀
Moreover , it has lots of customizable options too :
Download This Plugin
4. Google - Reader Checker
GReader - Checker plugin
Adds a nice icon to the toolbar to show you unread google reader messages .
It Updates the toolbar icon when there is a new feed item in Google Reader showing your total unread count .
If a Google Reader tab is already open , it Switches to it or creates a new one if there is not one open .
According to the author of the plugin , Custom update time will be added to its features list along with option to pick which feeds you want to be updated in the future .
Download This Plugin
Gmail Checker
The Gmail checker extension for Safari 5 works very similar to the Gmail checker extension in Chrome .
It puts a Gmail button in the toolbar .
This button show the number of unread mails in the Gmail account that you are currently logged in with .
Download This Plugin
5. Snapper
This is a basic Safari extension which snaps the current page as a PNG .
You can then drag and drop the image to the desktop .
Download This Plugin
6. GoMBoX
With this extension installed , clicking on Google Image Search results brings up a lightbox viewer rather than taking you to the page .
Really useful if you do n’t want to leave your search page .
Download This Extension
7. Imgur Upload
This extension adds “ Upload Image to Imgur ” in the contextual menu .
Simply right - click on an image in a web page , choose upload and the Imgur image will open in a new tab .
Settings item allows you to choose whether you want to edit the image before uploading .
For those who do n’t know what is Imgur :
Imgur makes sharing images with the Internet easy .
It can be used to share pictures with friends , as well as post images on message boards and blogs .
You can manipulate the image a number of ways and automatically submit it to popular sites such as reddit or digg .
You can also view popular user - submitted images in the gallery .
Best of all , Imgur is completely free .
Download This Plugin
8. Drag Drop link to Tab
This plugin enables a Just - drag - a - link - anywhere on page to open the link in a new tab .
Quite helpful if instead of right clicking on the link and then clicking on the Open it in a new tab option
Download This Extension
9. BreadCrumb Urls
When you are on a very long URL and want to move up one or more levels you need to manually edit the url on address bar .
BreadcrumbUrls adds a bar to Safari showing all sub urls , click on sub url to immediately change location .
Download This Extension
10 . FBPhotoZoom
FBPhotoZoom is a Safari Extension that zooms photo thumbnails on hover .
Although it is based on the Chrome extension , FBPhotoZoom is a complete rewrite .
Download This Extension
11 . YouTube5 – HTML5 Converter for YouTube videos
This extension removes the need to use flash on YouTube by converting all videos to their HTML5 video tag equivalents .
It also has the added benefits of decreased CPU usage compared to flash , and the removal of in - video ads .
Download This Extension
12 . YouTube video downloader for Safari 5
As the name suggests , it lets you download YouTube videos .
Just click the convenient “ Download Video ” button :
And then download the video in any of the formats the script finds :
Download This Plugin
Lastly , How to : Enable Extensions
Enabling extensions in Safari 5 is very easy .
Just follow these steps :
Go to Preferences ->
Advanced and enable the develop menu .
Close preferences and then click on Develop -> Enable Extensions
If you get any problem regarding the download , installation of any plugin or you can’t enable Extensions in your Safari 5 , do tell me by leaving a comment here 🙂
Thanks to PimpMySafari where I found some of these cool extensions .
By the way , Do you use Safari ?
What ’s your favorite extension ?
The Digital Terrestrial Television service will be up and running by 31 October .
Minister for Communications Eamon Ryan said it would be a tight schedule but that the necessary set - top boxes were ready to go .
Furthermore , in reference to the recent ' free to air ' controversy , Minister Ryan said that he believes it is important that young people can see high - level sports .
He was responding to questions from Labour 's Liz McManus , who said the Minister had not given the ' free - to - air ' sports issue enough consideration but had probably consulted his son on the issue .
Minister Ryan said he had not asked his son about it , but that he did think it was important that young people can watch such high - level sports and see their heroes and maybe dream of being the next Brian O'Driscoll .
He also said that after designating Heineken Cup matches and RBS Six Nations matches as ' free to air ' , the issue moves to a process of consultation where submissions are invited by interested parties .
He said it then has to go to the EU and said this was a statutory process enshrined in the Broadcasting Act 2009 .
Former Minister for Sport John O'Donoghue has criticised Mr Ryan 's proposals .
Speaking in the Dáil tonight , Mr O'Donoghue said he was convinced that the proposals would mean a significant reduction in the resources for the professional game in Ireland and the rapid decline of Irish rugby to the status of a second tier contender internationally .
The Kerry South TD said upsetting the balance and structure of the current arrangements as proposed by Mr Ryan would be potentially disastrous for Irish rugby .
However , in response the Minister said : ' As part of the consultation process I am more than happy and willing to listen to all sides of this debate .
' However , I would ask Deputy O'Donoghue to be more questioning and to get to the bottom of the figures he quotes .
' I argue that both the short - term and long - term future of Irish rugby would be better guaranteed through the approach I ’m advocating . '
This remix of JavanDee ’s Final Escape , has been polarising opinions .
Some people hate the male vocals , others think it would sound better if a female was signing it , and then there ’s the crowd who like this track just the way it is .
I think I ’m in the latter group .
JavanDee – Final Escape ( Dantini Remix )
ytaudio( WjOfXkcjyjk )
Image caption Many of the malware kits were riddled with holes
Hi -tech criminals are not very good at securing the tools they use to attack websites , suggests research .
Security experts have found that many of the kits used by cyber criminals are riddled with bugs and vulnerabilities .
Exploiting the bugs might mean that the attack tools can be turned against those using them .
The bugs found by the researchers could be used to identify who is using the tools and even launch a counter - attack .
Legal issue
While some cyber criminals handcraft their own attack tools , many others take advantage of the so - called malware kits that are widely available online .
These programs bundle into one convenient package everything the budding cyber criminal needs to get started .
French computer security researcher Laurent Oudot from Tehtri Security has analysed the inner workings of many of these malware kits to see how secure they are .
Mr Oudot found that that many of the kits , which have names such as Neon , Eleonore and Sniper , sport significant loopholes that are relatively easy to exploit .
In a presentation at the SyScan 2010 security conference in Singapore , Mr Oudot released details of 13 separate unpatched vulnerabilities he found in some of the most popular malware kits used to attack websites .
In many cases , said Mr Oudot in his presentation , exploiting these vulnerabilities would allow security researchers to " hack the web hackers " .
Using the vulnerabilities would allow people to get more information about attackers , perhaps identify them , steal their tools and methods , or even follow the trail back to an attacker 's own computer .
Mr Oudot acknowledged that using the loopholes might " lead to legal issues " but said the research was done to " open new way [ s} to think about IT security worldwide " .
# 4159 : move Monad and MonadFix instances for Either from mtl to base
The proposal is to move the Monad and MonadFix instances for Either ( currently in the mtl package ) to Control .
Monad .
Instances and Control .
Monad .
Fix respectively ( both in the base package ) .
The Monad instance is still an orphan , to retain Haskell 98 compatibility , but the Monad Fix instance is together with its class .
The Error constraint is removed from both instances , and the default definition of fail is used .
Discussion deadline : 20th July 2010
Sadly , there is no cure for megalomania .
But venture capitalists ought to start funding the search for a cure , because it 's costing many of them a lot of money , and is likely to cost even more in the future .
Here 's how it works .
A smart entrepreneur – a Harvard dropout , say , or some guy who made a lot of money by selling off his last venture to some clueless multinational – starts up a web business which grows like crazy by attracting millions of subscribers who use its services for free .
Pretty soon , it 's got 400 million of them and everyone is saying : " Wow ! 400 million users !
That must be good for something . "
Then several things happen .
Firstly , the proprietor of the sensation du jour starts drinking the Kool - Aid and contracts the aforementioned megalomania .
He begins to fantasise that he could own the whole internet .
Secondly , thousands of other entrepreneurs think " Wow !
He could own the whole internet .
We need to make sure our stuff has hooks into his stuff .
Otherwise , we 're toast . "
And then the mainstream media , whose insights into this could be written in 96 - point Helvetica bold on the back of a postage stamp , are going around saying , " Jeez , this stuff is the real deal .
How do we get onside ? "
The Facebook phenomenon provides a perfect illustration of this process .
At the moment , it looks like an all - conquering monster , and is being reported accordingly .
According to conventional wisdom , if the last decade was dominated by Google , this coming decade will belong to Facebook .
And the company is beginning to behave as though it believed this .
On 21 April , Facebook 's CEO , Mark Zuckerberg , announced some moves aimed at consolidating Facebook 's supposed grip on the web .
From now on , for example , visitors to an increasing number of high - profile websites will find a " Like " button on the page .
Click on it and the news that you approve of the site 's content will automatically be integrated into your Facebook profile , for the delectation of your friends .
( Interestingly , there 's no " dislike " button , which tells you all you need to know about the motivation behind this technology ) .
This move caused jaws to drop all over the blogosphere .
" I think Facebook just seized control of the internet , " wrote one excited commentator .
And Slate 's technology writer , as he listened to Zuckerberg 's presentation , tweeted that " Facebook is going to be everywhere .
Facebook is basically going to be the web . "
Meanwhile , over at Spotify , the wildly successful music streaming service , they 've also been making big changes .
On 27 April they announced a major upgrade to their service .
Among the new features is – yes , you guessed it – Facebook " connectivity " .
All your friends who are using Spotify will appear on your screen , and you can drag and drop playlists to them .
So now all your Facebook buddies will know you 're partial to Status Quo , the soppier end of Norah Jones or Classic FM compilation albums .
Or worse .
But that 's just the cosying - up - to - Facebook end of it .
Spotify 's announcement also suggested that they , too , have been drinking the Kool - Aid .
From now on , Spotify users will have a " library " .
This is a virtual container that holds any song in a Spotify playlist that you 've saved , any MP3 files on your hard drive and any songs or albums that you 've " starred " as favourites .
Henceforth , Spotify can search any folder on your computer for audio content and play it just like a stream from the web , or like iTunes does with your offline library of songs .
What that means , in the words of one commentator " is that you can now use Spotify to entirely replace iTunes , Windows Media Player , Winamp or any other music playback software on your computer .
It can even sync local files wirelessly to an iPhone , if you 're a Spotify Premium subscriber , and support for Android handsets is promised soon " .
Translation : Spotify will be the Only Thing You 'll Ever Need – the solution to all your problems .
Megalomania rules OK .
What 's comical about this stuff is not so much its implicit arrogance – the assumption that we all want to share using Facebook – as its historical naivety .
The history of the web is littered with the whitened bones of enterprises that once dreamed of total control .
So until the cure for megalomania is invented , the only known antidote is a mantra .
Repeat after me : the net is bigger than any single enterprise .
And nobody owns it .
Enlarge By Atlas Machine and Supply A welder applies the finishing touch to a large crusher roll from a cement plant .
The roll was being remanufactured at the Atlas Machine and Supply facility in Louisville , KY. , which has seen workers ' overtime hours increase recently .
About 15 million Americans are jobless .
Many of the 139 million still working are , well , really working .
Welder Dave Hoskins is averaging 10 to 20 hours a week in overtime this year and sometimes puts in seven 12 - hour days in a row .
The 37 - year - old 's arduous schedule often stresses his marriage , especially because he and his wife , Season , have 9 - month - old triplets .
But his family once again can indulge in steak dinners and even eat out once in a while after scrimping last year .
U.S. JOBS OUTLOOK : How is the job market in your state ?
" We 're getting a lot more comfortable , " says Hoskins , who lives in Hardinsburg , Ky .
" I 'd rather be stressed and tired than broke . "
Millions of workers like Hoskins are piling on the overtime or resuming full - time duty after throttling back to part time during the economic downturn last year .
With corporate profits up sharply this year , businesses are extending the hours of employees because they need the extra manpower to meet demand .
The trend is a little - noticed bright spot in an otherwise lackluster job market and heralds an eventual surge in hiring , experts say .
In May , employers added 41,000 private - sector jobs , far fewer than expected , and the jobless rate is stuck near 10 % .
At the same time , the average weekly hours of private employees rose for the third month in a row , to 34.2 from 34.1 in April , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
That 's the highest since January 2009 and the longest streak of monthly gains since before the slump .
Average hourly wages rose 7 cents to $ 22.57 .
Part time vs. full time
Many employers are hesitant to hire because they 're worried the recovery will derail , so they 're increasing staffers ' hours instead , according to interviews with companies and economists .
" A lot of companies put people on part time " in the downturn , says Tig Gilliam , CEO of staffing firm Adecco North America .
Now , many " are not going to hire again until all the part - time people are full time . "
Companies in various industries , including computers , accounting and engineering , have been converting part - time employees to full time , Gilliam says .
Other businesses , including many manufacturers , are loading up full - time workers with overtime .
The strategy keeps a lid on expenses .
While employees typically earn a 50 % premium for overtime , that 's cheaper than paying health care and other benefits for new workers .
As firms squeeze more from existing workers , productivity has soared .
Yet that can't be sustained , because the productivity of overworked employees eventually wanes , says Joseph LaVorgna , Deutsche Bank 's chief U.S. economist .
What 's more , he says , the workers spend much of their extra income , increasing sales across the economy and the need to hire still more employees .
He predicts employers will add about 200,000 jobs a month the second half of the year .
Hoskins , who works for Atlas Machine & Supply in Louisville , says his overtime allotment was slashed to just a few hours each week last year , cutting his annual pay to $ 52,000 from about $ 65,000 .
His family stopped eating out and replaced rib - eye steak dinners with hamburger .
Now , the welder is largely back to his old schedule and pay , but has resumed only some of his old spending habits .
The triplets increased expenses , and Season is working only part time .
Atlas , which repairs and rebuilds factory equipment , slashed overtime last year as sales fell 25 % , says President Rich Gimmel .
This year , he says , with U.S. factory production up sharply , customers who postponed maintenance are demanding service immediately and are willing to pay a premium .
Repair revenue is up 15 % , and most of Atlas ' 140 skilled workers are toiling about nine hours of overtime weekly , with some logging 20 to 30 hours .
" We 've had guys make more in overtime than in base salary , " Gimmel says .
He 's mulled hiring more employees but worries that new health care legislation and a proposed climate change bill will raise his costs .
" We do n't want to tie up money in payroll if I have to divert it to other issues . "
He says he 'll hire workers " if we believe the recovery is sustainable ... or if this keeps up for another six months or so .
You can't keep working these folks this much overtime , " because they 'll get fatigued and less efficient .
Overtime as a reward Employers are also using overtime to reward workers whose hours were cut last year .
Quality Float Works of Schaumburg , Ill. , laid off three employees in 2009 and put its remaining 18 on a four - day workweek .
Now , sales are surging for the company , which makes metal balls that businesses use to signal when water levels get too high or low in tanks and troughs .
Customers depleted their inventories in the slowdown and are panicked , says company President Sandra Westlund - Deenihan .
She 's giving workers up to nine hours of overtime weekly .
Although she hired two staffers recently , she 's holding off on further additions .
Existing employees " went through the hard times , and I felt I owed it to them first , " she says .
Some workers are going straight from part time to overtime duty .
Houston's W.M. Dewey & Son , which hauls pipes to oil and natural gas fields , saw its revenue fall 20 % last year as energy companies shut down wells , says President Bob McDowell .
The drop - off hurt truck driver Salvatore Vazquez , who worked just three or four hours a day as his weekly earnings fell from $ 1,100 in 2008 to the company minimum of $ 500 .
He borrowed several thousand dollars to pay for his three daughters ' private schools , nixed vacations and stopped eating out .
Now , with well - drilling on the rise , Vazquez , 43 , works 12 - hour days , and his paycheck has swelled to $ 750 .
He 's paid off the loans , dines out weekly and plans a vacation later this year .
" We feel more relaxed , " he says .
Some businesses are already moving past giving overtime and are hiring again .
Porta - King , which makes prefabricated offices , laid off about half its 100 factory workers last year , then boosted overtime in the first quarter as sales rose .
But in April , the Earth City , Mo. , manufacturer stopped the overtime and hired 30 staffers .
" I was n't going to take a chance of burning people out , " says CEO Steve Schulte .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
LABOR may have knifed a prime minister from Queensland and replaced him with one from Victoria , but once again it was a NSW powerbroker being blamed in the bloody aftermath of yesterday 's coup .
Former premier Morris Iemma savaged Mark Arbib , saying he had wrecked the prime ministership of Kevin Rudd in the same manner he had wrecked the NSW government .
" The architects of the wreckage in NSW have rolled out the wrecking ball in Canberra , " Mr Iemma said .
" The policy advice they gave to Rudd led him into trouble and then they bailed out on him .
They did n't have the courage to stick with him .
" Their poor advice and poor tactical decisions saw his reputation trashed to the point of no return . "
But Mr Arbib hit back last night , saying he had supported Mr Iemma for years and had advised others not to move against the former Premier .
" It is pretty disappointing to hear that from Morris .
I supported him for over a decade and he often told me he was going to step down as Premier in September or October 2008 .
" I took him at his word and offered to help him solve the electricity privatisation deadlock , even after I had left the Party Office . "
Mr Rudd told caucus he did " not want the federal government to become the NSW government with what happened to Iemma and other premiers " , federal MPs said .
The MP for Fowler Julia Irwin said Mr Arbib " has a lot to answer , for the damage he has done to NSW Labor . "
Ms Irwin said her fellow MPs were being pressured by factional leaders and trade union bosses , who had " got them to where they are " .
" I 'm sad to say that a lot of them are going to sell their souls , " she said .
Although Mr Arbib was privately framing the coup as the work of the Victorian Right MPs David Feeney and Bill Shorten , he is known to have been in discussions for weeks .
Some weeks ago he consulted powerbroker Graham Richardson as to whether he should shift the NSW Right 's support to Ms Gillard .
Mr Iemma said Ms Gillard would make a " terrific PM " but he said : " Her time has come earlier than it otherwise would have " .
Mr Arbib has been in a powerbroking position during the retirement of Bob Carr , the fall of Morris Iemma and Nathan Rees , the fall of Kim Beazley as well as Mr Rudd .
Labor figures have accused Mr Arbib and fellow plotters of parroting focus group research , rather than putting it through a critical filter .
Others accused Mr Arbib of being involved in disasters such as the insulation scheme , but allowing Peter Garrett to take the fall .
Originally published as Powerful men who broke Rudd
Tipper Gore Visits Nicaragua and Honduras
The President & Vice President :
Their accomplishments , their families , and how to send them electronic mail
Commonly Requested Federal Services
Direct access to Federal Services
Interactive Citizens ' Handbook :
Your guide to information and services from the Federal government
What 's New :
What 's happening at the White House -
President Clinton 's Remarks at World AIDS Day Event
White House History and Tours :
Past Presidents and First Families ,
Art in the President 's House and Tours -- Tour Information
Site News :
Recent additions to our site -
- Become A White House Fellow
- Current Competitive Vacancies within EOP
- Vice President 's Welfare - to - Work Coalition
- White House Millennium Council
The Virtual Library :
Search our site , including an extensive archive of White House documents
The Briefing Room :
Today 's releases , hot topics , and the latest Federal statistics
White House Help Desk :
Frequently asked questions and answers about our service
White House for Kids :
Helping young people become more active and informed citizens
Top 50 Wal - Mart knocks Exxon Mobil out of the No. 1 slot to rule the Fortune 500 again .
Which other companies made the top 50 this year ?
More
They 're hiring !
These Fortune 100 employers have at least 200 openings each , totaling more than 60,000 jobs .
What are they looking for in a new hire ?
More
Prominent toxicologist Peter Dingle says claims he made a pact to write a book about his wife being cured of cancer using alternative therapies are ridiculous .
Dr Dingle was giving evidence at an inquest into the death of his wife , Penelope .
She was diagnosed with colorectal cancer in 2003 , but died after deciding to be treated by a homoeopath instead of conventional medicine .
A witness had told the inquest that Mrs Dingle had undergone emergency surgery to remove a tumour .
But after the surgery , the witness said Mrs Dingle , her husband and her homoeopath had made a pact that once she was cured of cancer , he would write a book that would advance the cause of homoeopathy in Australia .
The witness testified that Mrs Dingle then said she felt foolish and stupid that she may not survive what she called a " monstrous experiment " .
In his evidence today , Dr Dingle said it was ridiculous to suggest that he was going to write a book , saying his number one priority had been his wife .
Mrs Dingle 's family has raised concerns that Dr Dingle misled his wife into believing that alternative therapies could cure her .
Dr Dingle testified that he wanted his wife to have surgery shortly after she was diagnosed , but she refused .
He said that his wife made decisions for herself and he had many arguments with her about her choices .
When the coroner asked him why he just did not book his wife into surgery , he said that he would have if his wife asked him to .
Mrs Dingle was eventually persuaded to have emergency surgery to remove the tumour , but the cancer had spread and she died two years later .
The inquest continues tomorrow .
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my free Email alerts .
Thanks for visiting !
We have a NEW Facebook page - click here and LIKE us !
STATES CONSIDER ENACTMENT OF STATE - SPECIFIC HEALTH CARE FREEDOM ACTS TO PROTECT STATE RIGHTS UNDER THE TENTH AMENDMENT
by Debra Mullins
( May 12 , 2010 ) — States are gearing up to battle the federal government ’s takeover of health care by considering legislation , or state constitutional amendments , in an effort to shield state residents from the requirement to purchase federally - mandated individual health care insurance beginning in 2014 and any liability that may be incurred for failure to comply with the mandate .
The American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) , a non-profit , nonpartisan , membership association for conservative lawmakers , is the leading advocate to protect state rights concerning health care reform under the Tenth Amendment , and it has created model legislation that states can utilize .
According to the ALEC press release issued on May 5 , 2010 , as many as 42 states have announced , introduced , or passed legislation that asserts a state ’s right , at least in part , to exempt itself from the federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) signed into law by Mr. Obama on March 23 , 2010 .
A sampling of key actions taken thus far by several states :
Alabama : On January 14 , 2010 , the Alabama Senate introduced SB233 , a proposed constitutional amendment subject to Alabama voter approval as a referendum .
The amendment , if approved , would exempt Alabama residents from the requirement to purchase federally - mandated individual insurance and any subsequent penalties thereof under the PPACA .
The Senate passed SB233 on April 1 , 2010 and sent it to the House .
The House failed to take up the bill prior to the Legislature ’s adjournment on April 22 , 2010 .
Arizona : On June 22 , 2009 , the Arizona Legislature passed HCR 2014 .
The resolution is a legislative - initiated amendment to the Arizona Constitution in order to preserve health care freedom for its residents .
The proposed amendment will be put before voters on the November 2 , 2010 General Election Ballot .
In 2008 , a similar citizen - initiated constitutional amendment , Proposition 101 , was placed on the ballot but was narrowly defeated .
State of Arizona constitutional amendments require only a simple majority vote to be enacted .
Florida : On April 22 , 2010 , the Florida Legislature passed Joint Resolution 37 .
Similar to the Arizona resolution , the FL resolution is also a legislative - initiated amendment to the Florida Constitution , and will also be put before the voters on the November 2 , 2010 General Election Ballot .
Constitutional amendments per the Florida Constitution Article XI , Section 5 ( e ) require at least 60 % voter approval .
Georgia : On April 29 , 2010 , the Georgia Legislature approved SB411 , titled the “ Healthy Georgians Act of 2010 . ”
The bill was amended to include SB317 and has since been sent to Republican Governor Sonny Perdue for signature .
Georgia recently joined the multi-state health care reform lawsuit , and on March 25 , 2010 , Governor Perdue announced he would appoint a “ special attorney general ” to challenge the federal health care legislation .
Indiana : In January , the Indiana General Assembly recently introduced a constitutional amendment under Joint Resolution 0014 .
However , the resolution never made it out of the Senate Judiciary Committee before the General Assembly adjourned on March 14 , 2010 .
Louisiana : On March 29 , 2010 , Senator A.G. Crowe introduced SB26 .
The bill currently resides with the Senate Finance Committee .
Minnesota : MN bill HF0171 and its Senate companion bill SF0325 were introduced during the 2009 legislative session .
Both bills propose that a constitutional amendment be put before voters on the November 2 , 2010 General Election Ballot .
Both bills were assigned to their respective Health and Human Services Committee , but to date , no action has been taken .
The Legislature is scheduled to adjourn on May 17 , 2010 .
Missouri : On May 4 , 2010 , the Missouri Senate , with strong bipartisan support , passed a Senate - amended version of HB1764 .
On May 12 , 2010 , the House passed the measure , which will now be placed on the August ballot for a referendum .
Oklahoma : On May 4 , 2010 , the Oklahoma Legislature passed HJR 1054 .
The Freedom of Health Care Choice Act was co-authored by Senator Randy Brogdon ( R - Owasso ) , Representative Mike Ritze ( R - Broken Arrow ) , and Representative Mike Reynolds ( R- Oklahoma City ) .
In a May 4 report by the Tenth Amendment Center , Senator Brogdon made the following remarks :
This legislation does three things .
It would prevent the federal government from forcing any Oklahomans to participate in any health care system .
It would also prohibit the federal government from dictating how doctors choose to care for their patients .
Finally , the measure authorizes the leaders of the Legislature to hire outside council to represent Oklahoma in a lawsuit to prevent Obamacare from being forced on our state .
The bill is now headed to Democrat Governor Brad Henry for his signature .
Tennessee : On February 17 , 2010 , the Tennessee Senate overwhelmingly approved SB3498 and sent it to the House .
The House version , HB3433 , merged with SB3498 , and on April 28 , 2010 , the bill was placed “ behind the budget ” by the Budget Sub - Committee of House Finance , Ways , and Means Committee even though the financial impact of the bill is minimal .
David Oatney , a writer for the Tennessee Statehouse Examiner , recently opined that in all reality it was a parliamentary maneuver to stall an up or down vote in the House before the General Assembly adjourns on May 17 , 2010 .
The House is considering HJR0745 , a resolution which proposes a constitutional amendment that exempts Tennessee residents from compulsory participation in the purchase of individual health care insurance and the payment of fines as required by the PPACA .
The resolution currently resides with the Budget Sub -Committee .
Tennessee : With solid majorities in both chambers , the General Assembly passed HB2681 , which prohibits coverage for abortion services under any health care plan through an exchange required to be established by the state pursuant to federal health care reform .
The bill was returned to the General Assembly by Democrat Governor Phil Bredesen without signature .
Utah : Utah became the third state behind Virginia and Idaho to pass a state - specific Health Care Freedom Act when Utah Governor Herbert signed HB67 into law on March 22 , 2010 .
The Utah House and Senate overwhelmingly approved the bill .
Wyoming : SJ001 Health Freedom of Choice and HJ0012 Health Freedom of Choice – 2 , were introduced during the Wyoming 2010 Legislative Session .
Passage of either by both chambers would result in the placement of a proposed constitutional amendment on the November 2 , 2010 General Election Ballot for a simple majority vote by the electorate .
Both the Senate and House resolutions , while receiving a majority vote in favor , fell two votes short of the required two - thirds majority necessary to place the resolution before voters during the general election .
On March 24 , 2010 , the non-profit , non-partisan group Wyoming ’s Future announced plans to organize a petition drive demanding the Wyoming Legislature reconvene in a Special 2010 Session and reconsider placing the proposed constitutional amendment on the November ballot .
The Tenth Amendment Center ( TAC ) is also currently tracking the legislative status of state - specific legislation and / or constitutional amendments regarding heath care choices .
Other states that have introduced Health Care Freedom Acts include :
Proposed legislation and / or constitutional amendments under consideration : Delaware ( HB353 ) , Iowa ( HJR2007 ) , Kentucky ( HB307 ) , Maryland ( SB397 ) , Michigan ( HRJ - CC ) , New Jersey ( ACR109 / SCR81 ) , New Mexico ( SJR2 / HJR5 ) , New York ( S7374 ) , Ohio ( SB244/SJR7/HJR3 ) , Pennsylvania ( HB2053 ) , South Carolina ( H4181/H4240/H4825 ) , South Dakota ( HJR1001 / SB137 ) , Washington ( HB2669 / SB6535 ) , West Virginia ( HJR103 ) , and Wisconsin ( SJR62 ) .
Failed or stalled legislation and / or constitutional amendments : Colorado ( HJR1009 ) , Kansas ( SJR1626 ) , Mississippi ( HCR0017 / SCR562 ) , North Dakota ( HCR3010 ) , and New Hampshire ( HB1648 ) .
As previously reported by The Post and Email , several of these states are also identified as Plaintiffs in the multi-state lawsuit challenging the PPACA filed in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida by and through Florida AG Bill McCollum on March 23 , 2010 .
Update , May 16 , 2010 : The National Federation of Independent Businesses has joined the lawsuit filed in Florida on behalf of 20 states against the federal health care mandate .
If you want to eat healthily you have to do more than select the * least unhealthy * processed foods that have been advertised to you .
I would suggest you learn about nutrition , about what protein , carbohydrates and fats really are , what they do in your body and where you can find them .
You should learn about vitamins and minerals , again find out what they do in your body ...
Then it will be simple to see if a product is healthy , because you will be able to read the ingredients and see if your body needs it - or if you just think it will be tasty and easy to cook .
Lastly , I really encourage you to cook - not like a celebrity chef , just start experimenting and learn a few recipes .
When you can cook you can amaze your friends , eat cheaply , you have some control over what goes into your body and you do n't have to rely on the junk the supermarkets want to sell you :-)
Later on Wednesday , at a White House briefing to reporters , Coast Guard Adm .
Thad W. Allen , the national incident commander , said that by the end of next week , the two containment systems , including the one most recently installed , should be able to collect 28,000 barrels of oil flowing out from the damaged well .
By the end of June , BP should be able to capture 53,000 barrels of crude oil , he said .
BP is also developing a new system to replace the current containment devices , one that will be more flexible in the event of a hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico .
This system will also be able to collect more oil , should those estimates increase , with a maximum capacity of 80,000 barrels , Adm .
Allen said in the briefing .
The first containment cap was installed after BP cut an underwater pipe called a riser on June 3 .
The second containment system is attached directly with pipes and other equipment to the failed blowout preventer , the device that was supposed to shut off the flow of oil after an explosion rocked the Deepwater Horizon rig on April 20 .
That equipment had already been installed for the failed “ top kill ” effort weeks ago .
The flow was already categorized as the largest offshore oil spill in the nation ’s history , but the new figures that the government released on Tuesday sharply increased previous estimates .
Scientists estimated that the flow rate ranged from 35,000 barrels to 60,000 barrels a day — up from the rate they issued only last week , of 25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day .
It continues a pattern in which every new estimate of the flow rate has been dramatically higher than the one before .
The new estimate is far above the figure of 5,000 barrels a day that the government and BP clung to for weeks after the spill started , following the April 20 explosion of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig .
That estimate was made by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration using methods not recommended for large oil spills , and it came under attack from professors and advocacy groups who said the spill had to be larger .
Time has proven those critics right .
Pvt. Johnnie Stevenson spent his final hours at Fort Drum alone , trying to put his game face on .
He played some Ludacris on his iPod , then turned it off .
He unpacked his 72 - hour bag , then repacked it .
Did he have enough toothpaste and spare socks ?
Had he paid his bills ?
Was he ready for war ?
For a year ?
Capt .
Adrian Bonenberger took a drive through the farmland of northern New York to absorb one last view of the St. Lawrence River .
To drink one last cup of coffee at the Lyric Bistro in Clayton .
To savor one last moment of real peace and quiet before heading to Afghanistan .
For a year .
Sgt. Tamara Sullivan pulled out her cellphone charger and braced for a night of tears .
She called her children in North Carolina , ages 3 and 1 , and told them she would soon be going to work in a place called Afghanistan .
For a year .
She reminded her husband to send her their artwork .
She cried , hung up , called him back and cried some more .
“ I asked for him to mail me those pictures , those little sloppy ones , ” she said .
“ I want to see what my children ’s hands touched , because I wo n’t be able to touch them . ”
Delightfully insane congresswoman Michele Bachmann has found more incontrovertible proof that Barack Obama is the Worst President of All Time : he is creating a so - called " global economy " where countries are " bound " to each other , economically .
Who will stop this madman ?
From a recent radio appearance in which she 's discussing the recent G20 conference in Toronto :
BACHMANN : What really concerned me was Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner said that we do n't want to see one country 's economy doing better than another .
What ?
This is the U.S. Treasury Secretary ?
We do n't want to see Zimbabwe 's economy do better than the United States ?
Are n't we supposed to be about the United States and making sure that our economy can be the greatest in the world .
If you look at the G20 , what they 're trying to do is bind together the world 's economies .
Look how that played out in the European Union when they bound all of those nations economies together and one of the smallest economies , Greece , when they got into trouble , that one little nation is bringing down the entire EU .
Well , President Obama is trying to bind the United States into a global economy where all of our nations come together in a global economy .
I do n't want the United States to be in a global economy where , where our economic future is bound to that of Zimbabwe .
I can't , we can't necessarily trust the decisions that are being made financially in other countries .
A few thoughts :
Zimbabwe is n't in the G20 .
It would take about G200 before Zimbabwe gets an invite .
The entire post - Cold War economic landscape has been one of a " global economy . "
Everything else she said is stupid .
That 's all .
[ Photo via Getty ]
If the Gulf of Mexico oil spill kills just three sperm whales , it could seriously endanger the long - term survival of the Gulf 's native whale population , scientists say .
Right now between 1,400 and 1,660 sperm whales live year - round in the Gulf of Mexico , making up a distinct population from other Atlantic Ocean groups , in which males make yearly migrations .
All sperm whales are considered endangered under the U.S. Endangered Species Act .
But the Gulf of Mexico population is thought to be especially vulnerable due to its relatively small size .
The whales are now at risk from the ongoing Deepwater Horizon oil spill , because they are likely to ingest or inhale toxic crude and noxious oil fumes .
( See pictures of the oil seeping into Louisiana marshes . )
" We know there 's going to be some [ oil ] exposure , and we know there 's an endangered species .
If you put those two thing together , there is reason for concern , " said Celine Godard - Codding , an environmental toxicologist at Texas Tech University .
A 2009 stock assessment report by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) estimated that the potential biological removal , or PBR , level for the Gulf of Mexico sperm whale population is three .
That means the whales ' long - term survival is at risk if , in addition to natural deaths , three sperm whales a year are killed or removed by human causes .
The loss of a handful of whales each year can impact a population of hundreds , because sperm whales — especially females — require a very long time to reach sexual maturity .
Females then give birth to just three or four calves during their entire lifetimes .
" They 're like humans .
Most of the human population is not going to have six kids at once and do that every year , " Godard - Codding said .
" As soon as we get to the level of three deaths caused by human interaction — and this would include the oil spill — that would jeopardize that particular sperm whale population . "
Whales May Be Choked , Drowned , and Poisoned
Oil spills can affect sperm whales and other cetaceans , including dolphins , in a number of ways .
For starters , the marine mammals have to surface to breathe , and if they come up through an oil slick , they can suck the toxic substance into their lungs .
Also , the fumes on the surface of the water after a recent spill can be powerful enough to knock out full - grown whales , causing them to drown .
( Read an eyewitness account of smelling the Gulf oil spill . )
Finally , the oil can taint the toothed whales ' prey — fish and squid — affecting the whales ' diets and hurting their chances of raising healthy calves .
( See pictures of a sperm whale eating a giant squid . )
" The chemicals in the oil product that move up through the food web are a great concern for us , " said Teri Rowles , coordinator of NOAA 's marine - mammal health and stranding response program .
Previous studies have shown that at least some of the Gulf of Mexico sperm whales are known to hang around where the Deepwater Horizon oil rig was located before it exploded on April 20 , triggering the spill .
" Between 2000 and 2005 , about 300 [ sperm ] whales were seen on a consistent basis right in that area , " Texas Tech 's Godard - Codding said .
Dead Gulf Sperm Whales Hard to Tally
Some experts worry that the Gulf oil spill could be as damaging to sperm whales as the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill was to killer whales in Alaska 's Prince William Sound .
( See pictures of oil lingering in Alaska 20 years after Exxon Valdez . )
After the Exxon Valdez disaster , some populations of killer whales were reduced by as much as 40 percent , according to a 2008 study led by marine biologist Craig Matkin of the North Gulf Oceanic Society in Alaska .
Even now , that killer whale population has yet to recover and will likely go extinct in a few decades , Matkin said .
" We lost so many females out of that group that they could n't catch up again .
They still have n't caught up , " he said .
If the current oil spill causes more than three Gulf sperm whale deaths this year , it could push that group into the " red zone , " Matkin said .
Whether marine mammals are being affected by the Gulf oil spill is unclear .
Oil is a suspected factor in the stranding of several coastal bottlenose dolphins ( picture ) , but a firm link has yet to be established , NOAA 's Rowles said .
" Deep - diving whales , like sperm whales living away from the shore " — and thus closer to the main body of the oil slick — " certainly have been exposed , " she added .
Finding dead or affected whales will be difficult , however , because the animals spend most of their time underwater , and their bodies do not often wash ashore .
" In the aerial surveys that are being performed as part of the cleanup and marine - mammal observations , we are requesting that people report dead floating whales , " Rowles said .
Sarah Ferguson 's marriage to Prince Andrew ended in 1996 The Duchess of York is " devastated " and " regretful " after newspaper claims she offered to sell access to ex-husband Prince Andrew , her spokeswoman says .
The News of the World said Sarah Ferguson was recorded by an undercover reporter posing as a businessman .
She appears to accept $ 40,000 in cash .
The paper says the prince - a UK trade envoy - knew nothing about the alleged £ 500,000 ( $ 723,000 ) deal .
The spokeswoman told the news agency PA the duchess regrets the incident .
According to the video soundtrack , the 50 - year - old duchess tells the undercover reporter " £ 500,000 when you can , to me ... open doors " .
She also says the cash would " open up all the channels whatever you need , whatever you want , and then that 's what and then you meet Andrew and that 's fine .
" And that 's , that 's when you really open up whatever you want . "
' Business hats '
The newspaper says that the duchess told the undercover reporter , who was posing as an international business tycoon : " Look after me and he 'll look after you ... you 'll get it back tenfold .
I can open any door you want . "
What is very serious here is that she 's so desperate that she 's prepared to jeopardise the reputation of her ex-husband and of the country
Robert Jobson
News of the World royal editor
Duchess in the headlines again Commentators ' views The News of the World says its reporter met the duchess twice - in New York earlier this month and in London last week .
In the first encounter in the US , the paper says she offered to arrange a meeting , allegedly saying : " What I want you to do next is to meet Andrew ... as soon as you come to London , come to the Royal Lodge .
" I 'll introduce you and sit down and you 'll talk to him about whatever . "
Then later in London , the paper quotes her again arranging a meeting with Prince Andrew .
" I did ask Andrew about meeting you ...
I never talk about money ever , but since we 've got business hats on I 'm going to ... "
It was then that she appeared to accept the $ 40,000 cash payment and go on to discuss the wire transfer of a further £ 500,000 .
The duchess , who expected to pick up an award in the US later for her work with underprivileged children at a ceremony organised by children 's charity Variety , is also quoted asking the reporter to donate 1 % of profits on any resulting deals to her own charity .
But she also says her ex-husband , who has been the UK's Special Representative for International Trade and Investment since 2001 , " never does accept a penny for anything " and describes him as " completely whiter than white " .
' Bereft '
In the newspaper , the duchess describes Prince Andrew as " so amazing " .
" We 're the happiest divorced couple in the world , " she says .
PRINCE ANDREW'S ROLE The Duke of York is the unpaid Special Representative for International Trade and Investment .
His role involves : Promoting the UK as an investment destination Helping create positive conditions for British businesses overseas Assisting UK companies export products to emerging and established markets Source : The Duke of York website
But she also claims she is suffering financial hardship and that her divorce settlement entitles her to just £ 15,000 a year .
" I have not got a bean to my name .
I 'm a taxpayer , a British taxpayer and I left the royal family for freedom and in freedom it means I am bereft .
I 'm hopeless . "
Earlier , the duchess 's spokeswoman , Kate Waddington , said she had not been told about the meeting and was " incandescent " it had taken place .
She said the word " naive " sprung to mind .
The News of the World 's royal editor , Robert Jobson , told the BBC the paper had pursued the story because it was in the public interest .
" What is very serious here is that she 's so desperate that she 's prepared to jeopardise the reputation of her ex-husband and of the country , and of an important international ambassadorial role , which is , after all , funded in terms of the expenses by the taxpayer , " he said .
' Very damaging ' Sarah Ferguson married Prince Andrew in 1986 and the couple had two daughters , Beatrice in 1988 and Eugenie in 1990 .
Although they separated in 1992 and divorced in 1996 , she and their daughters later moved back into a wing of the former marital home and maintain a close relationship with the Duke of York .
The duchess 's finances have been the subject of a number of negative headlines in recent years .
In September , her spokeswoman confirmed court action had been taken over unpaid bills but denied the duchess had financial concerns .
BBC royal correspondent June Kelly said that after a period of cool between the duchess and the Royal Family , there had been a sense of " rapprochement " in recent times .
The newspaper claims would therefore be " very damaging " to that relationship , she added .
Buckingham Palace said it would not be making any comment .
Prince Andrew 's role as UK trade envoy involves promoting British business at home and overseas .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you have been in a truck accident , trucking companies will move quickly to protect their financial interests after an accident .
Their insurance companies often look for ways to blame you .
We know how truck companies and their insurance companies will approach a case , and we fight hard for full and fair settlements for damages .
In 1843 , shortly after his return from Afghanistan , an army chaplain , Reverend G R Gleig , wrote a memoir about the First Anglo - Afghan War , of which he was one of the very few survivors .
It was , he wrote , " a war begun for no wise purpose , carried on with a strange mixture of rashness and timidity , brought to a close after suffering and disaster , without much glory attached either to the government which directed , or the great body of troops which waged it .
Not one benefit , political or military , has Britain acquired with this war .
Our eventual evacuation of the country resembled the retreat of an army defeated . "
It is difficult to imagine the current military adventure in Afghanistan ending quite as badly as the First Afghan War , an abortive experiment in Great Game colonialism that slowly descended into what is arguably the greatest military humiliation ever suffered by the west in the Middle East : an entire army of what was then the most powerful military nation in the world utterly routed and destroyed by poorly equipped tribesmen , at the cost of £ 15 m ( well over £ 1bn in modern currency ) and more than 40,000 lives .
But nearly ten years on from Nato 's invasion of Afghanistan , there are increasing signs that Britain 's fourth war in the country could end with as few political gains as the first three and , like them , terminate in an embarrassing withdrawal after a humiliating defeat , with Afghanistan yet again left in tribal chaos and quite possibly ruled by the same government that the war was launched to overthrow .
Certainly it is becoming clearer than ever that the once - hated Taliban , far from being swept away by General Stanley McChrystal 's surge , are instead regrouping , ready for the final act in the history of Hamid Karzai 's western - installed puppet government .
The Taliban have now advanced out of their borderland safe havens to the very gates of Kabul and are surrounding the capital , much as the US - backed mujahedin once did to the Soviet - installed regime in the late 1980s .
Like a rerun of an old movie , all journeys by non-Afghans out of the capital are once again confined largely to tanks , military convoys and helicopters .
The Taliban already control more than 70 per cent of the country , where they collect taxes , enforce the sharia and dispense their usual rough justice .
Every month , their sphere of influence increases .
According to a recent Pentagon report , Karzai 's government has control of only 29 out of 121 key strategic districts .
Just recently , on 17 May , there was a suicide attack on a US convoy in the Dar-ul Aman quarter of Kabul , killing 12 civilians and six American soldiers ; the following day , there was a daring five - hour - long grenade and machine - gun assault on the US military headquarters at Bagram Airbase , killing an American contractor and wounding nine soldiers , so bringing the death toll for US armed forces in the country to more than 1,000 .
Then , over the weekend of 22 - 23 May , there was a series of rocket , mortar and ground assaults on Kandahar Airbase just as the British ministerial delegation was about to visit it , forcing William Hague and Liam Fox to alter their schedule .
Since then , a dozen top Afghan officials have been assassinated in Kandahar , including the city of Kandahar 's deputy mayor .
On 7 June , the deadliest day for Nato forces in months , ten soldiers were killed .
Finally , it appears that the Taliban have regained control of the opium - growing centre of Marjah in Helmand Province , only three months after being driven out by McChrystal 's forces amid much gung - ho cheerleading in the US media .
Afghanistan is going down .
Already , despite the presence of huge numbers of foreign troops , it is now impossible – or at least extremely foolhardy – for any westerner to walk around the capital , Kabul , without armed guards ; it is even more inadvisable to head out of town in any direction except north : the strongly anti-Taliban Panjshir Valley , along with the towns of Mazar - e - Sharif and Herat , are the only safe havens left for westerners in the entire country .
In all other directions , travel is possible only in an armed convoy .
This is especially true of the Khord - Kabul and Tezeen passes , immediately to the south of Kabul , where as many as 18,000 British troops were lost in 1842 , and which are today again a centre of resistance against perceived foreign occupiers .
Aid workers familiar with Afghanistan over several decades say the security situation has never been worse .
Ideas much touted only a few years ago that Afghanistan might become a popular tourist destination – a Switzerland of central Asia – now seem to be dreams from a distant age .
Lonely Planet 's guidebook to Afghanistan , optimistically published in 2005 , has not been updated and is now once again out of print .
The present war is following a trajectory that is beginning to feel unsettlingly familiar to students of the Great Game .
In 1839 , the British invaded Afghanistan on the basis of sexed - up intelligence about a non-existent threat : information about a single Russian envoy to Kabul was manipulated by a group of ambitious and ideologically driven hawks to create a scare – in this case , about a phantom Russian invasion – thus bringing about an unnecessary , expensive and entirely avoidable war .
Initially , the hawks were triumphant – the British conquest proved remarkably easy and bloodless ; Kabul was captured within a few weeks as the army of the previous regime melted into the hills , and a pliable monarch , Shah Shuja , was successfully placed on the throne .
For a few months the British played cricket , went skating and put on amateur theatricals as if on summer leave in Simla ; there were discussions about making Kabul the summer capital of the Raj .
Then an insurgency began and that first heady success slowly unravelled , first among the Pashtuns of Kandahar and Helmand Provinces .
It slowly gained momentum , moving northwards until it reached Kabul , so making the British occupation impossible to sustain .
What happened next is a warning of how bad things could yet become : a full - scale rebellion against the British broke out in Kabul , and the two most senior British envoys , Sir Alexander Burnes and Sir William Macnaghten , were assassinated , one hacked to death by a mob in the streets , the other stabbed and shot by the resistance leader Wazir Akbar Khan during negotiations .
It was on the retreat that followed , on 6 January 1842 , that the 18,000 East India Company troops , and maybe half that many again Indian camp followers , were slaughtered by Afghan marksmen waiting in ambush amid the high passes , shot down as they trudged through the icy depths of the Afghan winter .
After eight days on the death march , the last 50 survivors made their final stand at the village of Gandamak .
As late as the 1970s , fragments of Victorian weaponry and military equipment could be found lying in the screes above the village .
Even today , the hill is said to be covered with the bleached bones of the British dead .
One Englishman lived to tell the tale of that last stand ( if you discount the fictional survival of Flashman ) – an ordinary foot soldier , Thomas Souter , wrapped his regimental colours around him to prevent them being captured , and was taken hostage by the Afghans who assumed that such a colourfully clothed individual must command a high ransom .
It is a measure of the increasingly pertinent parallels between the 19th - century war and today's that one of the main Nato bases in Afghanistan was recently named Camp Souter after that survivor .
In the years that followed , the British defeat in Afghanistan became pregnant with symbolism .
For the Victorian British , it was the country 's greatest imperial disaster of the 19th century .
It was exactly a century before another army would be lost , in Singapore in 1942 .
Yet the retreat from Kabul also became a symbol of gallantry against the odds : William Barnes Wollen 's celebrated oil painting The Last Stand of the 44th Regiment at Gundamuck – showing a group of ragged but doggedly determined British soldiers standing encircled behind a porcupine of bayonets , as the Pashtun tribesmen close in – became one of the best - known images of the era , along with Remnants of an Army , Elizabeth Butler 's image of the wounded and bleeding army surgeon William Brydon , who had made it through to the safety of Jalalabad , arriving before the city walls on his collapsing nag .
For the Afghans , the British defeat of 1842 became a symbol of freedom from foreign invasion .
It is again no accident that the diplomatic quarter of Kabul is named after the general who oversaw the rout of the British in that year : Wazir Akbar Khan .
For south Asians , who provided most of the cannon fodder – the foot soldiers and followers killed on the retreat – the war ironically became a symbol of possibility : although thousands of Indians died on the march , it showed that the British army was not invincible and a well - planned insurgency could force them out .
Thus , in 1857 , the Indians launched their own anti-colonial uprising , the Great Mutiny ( as it is known in Britain ) or the first war of independence ( as it is known in India ) , partly inspired by what the Afghans had achieved in 1842 .
This destabilising effect on south Asia of the failed war in Afghanistan has a direct parallel in the blowback that is today destabilising Pakistan and the tribal territories of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( Fata ) .
Here the Pakistani Taliban are once more on the march , rebuilding their presence in Swat , and are now surrounding Peshawar , which is almost daily being rocked by bombs , while outlying groups of Taliban are again spreading their influence into the valleys leading towards Islamabad .
Across much of the North - West Frontier Province – roughly a fifth of Pakistan 's territory – women have now been forced into the burqa , music has been silenced , barbershops are forbidden to shave beards and more than 125 girls ' schools have been blown up or burned down .
A significant proportion of the Peshawar elite , along with the city 's musicians , have decamped to the relatively safe and tolerant confines of Lahore and Karachi , while tens of thousands of ordinary people from the surrounding hills of the semi-autonomous Fata tribal belt , and especially the Bajaur Agency ( or tribal area ) , have fled from the conflict zones blasted by US Predator drones and strafed by Pakistani helicopter gunships to the tent camps ringing the provincial capital .
The Fata , it is true , have never been fully under the control of any Pakistani government , and have always been unruly , but the region has been radicalised as never before by the rain of shells and cluster bombs that have caused huge civilian casualties and daily add a stream of angry foot soldiers to the insurgency .
Elsewhere in Pakistan , anti-western religious and political extremism continues to flourish , as ever larger numbers of ordinary Pakistanis are driven to fight by corruption , predatory politics and the abuse of power by Pakistan 's feudal elite , as well as the military aggression of the drones .
Indeed , the ripples of instability lapping out from Afghanistan and Pakistan have reached even New York .
When CIA interrogators asked Faisal Shahzad why he tried to let off a car bomb last month in Times Square , he told them of his desire to avenge those " innocent people being hit by drones from above " .
The route of the British retreat of 1842 backs on to the mountain range that leads to Tora Bora and the Pakistan border , an area that has always been a Taliban centre .
I had been advised not to attempt to visit the area without local protection , and so last month I set off for the mountains in
the company of a regional tribal leader who was also a minister in Karzai 's government .
He is a mountain of a man named Anwar Khan Jegdalek , a former village wrestling champion who made his name as a Hezb - e - Islami mujahedin commander in the jihad against the Soviets in the 1980s .
It was Anwar Khan Jegdalek 's ancestors who inflicted some of the worst casualties on the British army of 1842 , something he proudly repeated several times as we drove through the same passes .
" They forced us to pick up guns to defend our honour , " he said .
" So we killed every last one of those bastards . "
None of this , incidentally , has stopped Anwar Khan Jegdalek from sending his family away from Kabul to the greater safety of Northolt , Middlesex .
He drove himself in a huge 4x4 , while a pick - up full of heavily armed Afghan bodyguards followed behind .
We left Kabul – past the blast walls of the Nato barracks built on the very site of the British cantonment of 170 years ago – and headed down a corkscrewing road into the line of bleak mountain passes that links Kabul with the Khyber Pass .
It is a dramatic and violent landscape : fault lines of crushed and tortured strata groaned and twisted in the gunpowder - coloured rock walls rising on either side of us .
Above , the jagged mountain tops were veiled in an ominous cloud of mist .
As we drove , Anwar Khan Jegdalek complained bitterly of western treatment of his government .
" In the 1980s when we were killing Russians for them , the Americans called us freedom fighters , " he muttered , as we descended through the first pass .
" Now they just dismiss us as warlords . "
At Sorobi , where the mountains debouche into a high - altitude ochre desert dotted with encampments of nomads , we left the main road and headed into Taliban territory .
A further five trucks full of Anwar Khan Jegdalek 's old mujahedin fighters , all brandishing rocket - propelled gren­ades and with faces wrapped in keffiyehs , ­appeared from a side road to escort us .
At the crest of Jegdalek village , on 12 January 1842 , 200 frostbitten British soldiers found themselves surrounded by several thousand Pashtun tribesmen .
The two highest - ranking British soldiers , General Elphinstone and Brigadier Shelton , went off to negotiate but were taken hostage .
Only 50 infantrymen managed to break out under cover of darkness .
Our own welcome was , thankfully , somewhat warmer .
It was my host 's first visit to his home since he had become a minister , and the proud villagers took their old commander on a nostalgia trip through hills smelling of wild thyme and rosemary , and up on to mountainsides carpeted with hollyhocks , mulberries and white poplars .
Here , at the top of the surrounding peaks , lay the remains of Anwar Khan Jegdalek 's old mujahedin bunkers and entrenchments .
Once the tour was completed , the villagers fed us , Mughal style , in an apricot orchard : we sat on carpets under a trellis of vine and pomegranate blossom as course after course of kebabs and mulberry pulao was laid in front of us .
During lunch , as my hosts casually pointed out the various places in the village where the British had been massacred in 1842 , I asked them if they saw any parallels between that war and the present situation .
" It is exactly the same , " said Anwar Khan Jegdalek .
" Both times the foreigners have come for their own interests , not for ours .
They say , ' We are your friends , we want democracy , we want to help . '
But they are lying . "
“ Whoever comes to Afghanistan , even now , they will face the fate of Burnes , Macnaghten and Dr Brydon , " said Mohammad Khan , our host in the village and the owner of the orchard where we were sitting .
The names of the fighters of 1842 , long forgotten in their home country , were still known here .
“ Since the British went , we 've had the Russians , " said an old man to my right .
" We saw them off , too , but not before they bombed many of the houses in the village . "
He pointed at a ridge of ruined mud -brick houses .
“ We are the roof of the world , " said Mohammad Khan .
" From here , you can control and watch everywhere . "
“ Afghanistan is like the crossroads for every nation that comes to power , " agreed Anwar Khan Jegdalek .
" But we do not have the strength to control our own destiny – our fate is always determined by our neighbours .
Next , it will be China .
This is the last days of the Americans . "
I asked if they thought the Taliban would come back .
" The Taliban ? " said Mohammad Khan .
" They are here already !
At least after dark .
Just over that pass . "
He pointed in the direction of Gandamak and Tora Bora .
" That is where they are strongest . "
It was nearly five in the afternoon before the final flaps of nan bread were cleared away , by which time it had become clear that it was too late to head on to the site of the British last stand at Gandamak .
Instead , that evening we went to the relative safety of Jalalabad , where we discovered we'd had a narrow escape : it turned out there had been a huge battle at Gandamak that morning between government forces and a group of villagers supported by the Taliban .
The sheer scale and length of the feast had saved us from walking straight into an ambush .
The battle had taken place on exactly the site of the British last stand .
The following morning in Jalalabad , we went to a jirga , or assembly of tribal elders , to which the greybeards of Gandamak had come under a flag of truce to discuss what had happened the day before .
The story was typical of many I heard about the current government , and revealed how a mixture of corruption , incompetence and insensitivity has helped give an opening for the return of the once - hated Taliban .
As Predator drones took off and landed incessantly at the nearby airfield , the elders related how the previous year government troops had turned up to destroy the opium harvest .
The troops promised the villagers full compensation , and were allowed to burn the crops ; but the money never turned up .
Before the planting season , the villagers again went to Jalalabad and asked the government if they could be provided with assistance to grow other crops .
Promises were made ; again nothing was delivered .
They planted poppy , informing the local authorities that if they again tried to burn the crop , the village would have no option but to resist .
When the troops turned up , about the same time as we were arriving at nearby Jegdalek , the villagers were waiting for them , and had called in the local Taliban to assist .
In the fighting that followed , nine policemen were killed , six vehicles destroyed and ten police hostages taken .
After the jirga was over , one of the tribal elders came over and we chatted for a while over a glass of green tea .
" Last month , " he said , " some American officers called us to a hotel in Jalalabad for a meeting .
One of them asked me , ' Why do you hate us ? '
I replied , ' Because you blow down our doors , enter our houses , pull our women by the hair and kick our children .
We can not accept this .
We will fight back , and we will break your teeth , and when your teeth are broken you will leave , just as the British left before you .
It is just a matter of time . ' "
What did he say to that ?
“ He turned to his friend and said , ' If the old men are like this , what will the younger ones be like ? '
In truth , all the Americans here know that their game is over .
It is just their politicians who deny this . "
The defeat of the west 's latest puppet government on the very same hill of Gandamak where the British came to grief in 1842 made me think , on the way back to Kabul , about the increasingly close parallels between the fix that Nato is in and the one faced by the British 170 years ago .
Now as then , the problem is not hatred of the west , so much as a dislike of foreign troops swaggering around and making themselves odious to the very people they are meant to be helping .
On the return journey , as we crawled back up the passes towards Kabul , we got stuck behind a US military convoy of eight Humvees and two armoured personnel carriers in full camouflage , all travelling at less than 20 miles per hour .
Despite the slow speed , the troops refused to let any Afghan drivers overtake them , for fear of suicide bombers , and they fired warning shots at any who attempted to do so .
By the time we reached the top of the pass two hours later , there were 300 cars and trucks backed up behind the convoy , each one full of Afghans furious at being ordered around in their own country by a group of foreigners .
Every day , small incidents of arrogance and insensitivity such as this make the anger grow .
There has always been an absolute refusal by the Afghans to be ruled by foreigners , or to accept any government perceived as being imposed on the country from abroad .
Now as then , the puppet ruler installed by the west has proved inadequate to the job .
Too weak , unpopular and corrupt to provide security or development , he has been forced to turn on his puppeteers in order to retain even a vestige of legitimacy in the eyes of his people .
Recently , Karzai has accused the US , the UK and the UN of orchestrating a fraud in last year 's elections , described Nato forces as " an army of occupation " , and even threatened to join the Taliban if Washington kept putting pressure on him .
Shah Shuja did much the same thing in 1842 , towards the end of his rule , and was known to have offered his allegiance and assistance to the insurgents who eventually toppled and beheaded him .
Now as then , there have been few tangible signs of improvement under the western - backed regime .
Despite the US pouring approximately $ 80bn into Afghanistan , the roads in Kabul are still more rutted than those in the smallest provincial towns of Pakistan .
There is little health care ; for any severe medical condition , patients still have to fly to India .
A quarter of all teachers in Afghanistan are themselves illiterate .
In many areas , district governance is almost non-existent : half the governors do not have an office , more than half have no electricity , and most receive only $ 6 a month in expenses .
Civil servants lack the most basic education and skills .
This is largely because $ 76.5 bn of the $ 80bn committed to the country has been spent on military and security , and most of the remaining $ 3.5 bn on international consultants , some of whom are paid in excess of $ 1,000 a day , according to an Afghan government report .
This , in turn , has had other negative effects .
As in 1842 , the presence of large numbers of well - paid foreign troops has caused the cost of food and provisions to rise , and living standards to fall .
The Afghans feel they are getting poorer , not richer .
There are other similarities .
Then as now , the war effort was partially privatised : it was not so much the British army as a corp­oration , the East India Company , that provided most of the troops who fought the war for Britain in 1842 , just as today both the British and the Americans have subcontracted much of their security work to private companies .
When I visited the British embassy , I found that many of the security guards at the gatehouse were not army or military police , but from Group 4 Security .
The US security contracts offered to Blackwater / Xe and other private security forces under Dick Cheney 's ideologically driven policy of privatising war are worth many millions of dollars .
Finally , now as then , there has been an attempt at a last show of force in order to save face before withdrawal .
As happened in 1842 , it has achieved little except civilian casualties and the further alienation of the Afghans .
As one of the tribal elders from Jegdalek said to me : " How many times can they apologise for killing our innocent women and children and expect us to forgive them ?
They come , they bomb , they kill us and then they say , ' Oh , sorry , we got the wrong people . '
And they keep doing that . "
The British soldiers of 1842 found the same reaction in their day .
In his diary of his time with the British army of retribution , which laid waste to great areas of southern Afghanistan as punishment for the massacres on the retreat from Kabul earlier in the year , the young Captain N Chamberlain reported how his troops inflicted horrible atrocities on any Afghan civilians they could find .
One morning he met a wounded Afghan woman dragging herself towards a stream with a water pot .
" I filled the vessel for her , " he wrote , " but all she said was , ' Curses on the feringhees [ foreigners ] ! '
I continued on my way disgusted with myself , the world , above all with my cruel profession .
In fact , we are nothing but licensed assassins . "
However , there are some important differences between Britain 's first defeat in Afghanistan and the current mess .
In 1842 , we were at least reinstalling a legitimate Afghan ruler and removing one who could genuinely be cast as an illegitimate usurper .
Shah Shuja , the British puppet , was a former ruler of the Sadozai dynasty , from the leading Pashtun clan , and a grandson of the great Ahmed Shah Durrani , the first king of a united Afghanistan .
As the traveller and pioneering archaeologist Charles Masson observed : " The Afghans had no objection to the match ; they merely disliked the manner of the wooing . "
This time , we have been clumsier , and Nato has helped instal a former CIA asset accused by a high - ranking UN diplomat of drug abuse and of having a history of mental instability , with little to recommend him other than that he was once run out of Langley .
Although Karzai is a Pashtun of the Popalzai tribe , under his watch Nato has in effect installed the Northern Alliance in Kabul and driven the country 's Pashtun majority out of power .
The reality of our present Afghan entanglement is that we took sides in a complex civil war , which has been running since the 1970s , siding with the north against the south , town against country , secularism against Islam , and the Tajiks against the Pashtuns .
We have installed a government , and trained up an army , both of which in many ways have discriminated against the Pashtun majority , and whose top - down , highly centralised constitution allows for remarkably little federalism or regional representation .
However much western liberals may dislike the Taliban – and they have very good reason for doing so – the truth remains that they are in many ways the authentic voice of rural Pashtun conservatism , whose views and wishes are ignored by the government in Kabul and who are still largely excluded from power .
It is hardly surprising that the Pashtuns are determined to resist the regime and that the insurgency is widely supported , especially in the Pashtun heartlands of the south and east .
Yet it is not too late to learn some lessons from the mistakes of the British in 1842 .
Then , British officials in Kabul continued to send out despatches of delusional optimism as the insurgents moved ever closer to Kabul , believing that there was a straightforward military solution to the problem and that if only they could recruit enough Afghans to their army , they could eventually march out , leaving that regime in place – exactly the sentiments expressed by the Defence Secretary , Liam Fox , on his visit to Afghanistan last month .
In 1842 , by the time they realised they had to negotiate a political solution , their power had ebbed too far , and the only thing the insurgents were willing to negotiate was an unconditional surrender .
Today , too , there is no easy military solution to Afghanistan : even if we proceed with the plan to equip an army of half a million troops ( at the cost of roughly $ 2bn a year , when the entire revenue of the Afghan government is $ 1.1 bn – in other words , 180 per cent of revenue ) , that army will never be able to guarantee security or shore up such a discredited regime .
Every day , despite the military power of the US and Nato and the $ 25 bn so far ploughed into rebuilding the Afghan army , security gets worse , and the area under government control contracts week by week .
The only answer is to negotiate a political solution while we still have enough power to do so , which in some form or other involves talking to the Taliban .
This is a course that Karzai , to his credit , is keen to pursue ; he made it clear that his peace jirga at the start of this month was open to any Taliban leader willing to lay down arms , and that jobs and monetary incentives would be available to former Taliban who changed their allegiance and joined the government .
It is still unclear whether the new Tory government supports this course ; Barack Oba­ma certainly opposes it .
In this , he is supported by the notably undiplomatic US envoy to the region , Richard Holbrooke , described by one senior British diplomat as " a bull who brings his own china shop wherever he goes " .
There is something else we can still do before we pull out : leave some basic infrastructure behind , a goal we notably failed to achieve in the past nine years .
Yet William Hague and Liam
Fox oppose this policy – as Fox notoriously said in his 21 May interview with the Times , which infuriated his Afghan hosts : " We are not in Afghanistan for the sake of the education policy in a broken 13th - century country . "
The Tories could do much worse than consult their own newly elected backbencher Rory Stewart .
He knows much more about Afghanistan than either Fox or Hague .
As Stewart wrote shortly before he entered politics , targeted aid projects that employ Afghans can do a great deal of good , " and we should focus on meeting the Afghan government 's request for more investment in agriculture , irrigation , energy and roads " .
In the meantime , Obama has announced that he will begin withdrawing troops in July 2011 .
The start of the US withdrawal is likely to begin a rush to evacuate the other Nato forces located in pockets around the country : the Dutch have announced that they will be pulling out of Uruzgan this summer , and the Canadian and Danes wo n't be far behind them .
Nor will the Brits , despite assurances from Hague and Fox .
A recent poll showed that 72 per cent of Britons want their troops out of Afghanistan immediately , and there is only so long any government can hold out against such strong public opinion .
Certainly , it is time to shed the idea that a pro-western puppet regime that excludes the Pashtuns can remain in place indefinitely .
The Karzai government is crumbling before our eyes , and if we delude ourselves that this is not the case , we could yet face a replay of 1842 .
George Lawrence , a veteran of that war , issued a prescient warning in the Times just before Britain blundered into the Second Anglo - Afghan War in the 1870s .
" A new generation has arisen which , instead of profiting from the solemn lessons of the past , is willing and eager to embroil us in the affairs of that turbulent and unhappy country , " he wrote .
" Although military disasters may be avoided , an advance now , however successful in a military point of view , would not fail to turn out to be as politically useless . "
William Dalrymple 's latest book , " Nine Lives : in Search of the Sacred in Modern India " , won the first Asia House Literary Award in May , and is newly published in paperback ( Bloomsbury , £ 8.99 ) .
His book on the First Anglo - Afghan War is planned for release in autumn 2012
What surprises me is is how many atheists and agnostics give a damn about helping these people .
Yes , I know they are human beings , but step back for a moment Haitians are mostly pseudo - catholic ( over 90 % of the population ) followed up with protestants making up a high percentage of the remainder .
These people are zealous in their religious beliefs and for the most part would find my non-belief contemptible at best .
Why should I help them when they would spit in my face for my beliefs ?
Screw them !
Since the earthquake struck Haiti , it became clear that countless atheists were interested in donating to relief efforts .
Some contributed immediately to a variety of organizations without regard for whether such organizations might have a religious agenda ; others contributed to explicitly secular efforts designed to help combat the stereotype that atheists are uninterested in charitable giving .
noted a recent example of the latter in the form of Non-Believers Giving Aid , and there have been several others establishing ways for atheists to support relief efforts without having to support proselytizing .
What I had not anticipated in this context was the question raised by one commenter on a post I wrote about Haiti : whether atheists should give at all to help a predominately Christian country such as Haiti .
Brad wrote : Honestly , the attitude expressed here made me feel nauseous .
Was I missing something here ?
I wondered what sort of person might be capable of such a callous perspective .
I help because it is the decent thing to do and because I would want others to do the same if I was in peril .
I recognize that Haiti is thoroughly Christian .
So is Texas , Mississippi , Louisiana , and Florida ( other places to which I have sent money following natural disasters ) .
I realize that a majority of Haitians ( just like a majority of U.S. Southerners ) despise me simply because I am an atheist .
I do not deny any of this .
At the same time , none of it strikes me as a valid reason to withhold aid .
You wo n't be seeing Amanda Bynes on the big screen anymore .
The actress announced Saturday on Twitter that she was retiring from acting at age 24 .
" Being an actress is n't as fun as it may seem , " she wrote .
" If I do n't love something anymore , I stop doing it .
I do n't love acting anymore , so I 've stopped doing it . "
" I know 24 is a young age to retire but you heard it here first I 've #retired , " she added .
PHOTOS : Do you like Amanda in this pink dress ?
Bynes — whose latest film , Easy A , hits theaters this fall — added , " I 've never written the movies & tv shows I 've been a part of .
I 've only acted like the characters the producers or directors wanted me to play . "
Just last Tuesday , she Twittered that her idols are " Marilyn Monroe ( RIP ) and Angelina Jolie . "
Bynes rose to fame on Nickelodeon 's All That and her own comedy series , The Amanda Show .
She starred on her own sitcom , What I Like About You , from 2002 to 2006 .
She 's also appeared in feature films such as She 's the Man and What a Girl Wants .
A British soldier was killed by an explosion in southern Afghanistan today , according to the Ministry of Defence .
His death took the number of British troops who have died since operations in Afghanistan began in 2001 to 299 .
The soldier who died this afternoon was from the Royal Dragoon Guards , and was guarding his comrades when hit by the blast in the Nahr-e Saraj district of Helmand , north of the provincial capital Lashkar Gah .
Fourteen British soldiers have been killed in Helmand over the past month , half of them by small arms fire , indicating that insurgents have a ready supply of guns and ammunition .
In recent weeks the majority of British military fatalities have been the result of improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) planted near roads and paths .
The latest MoD figures show that attacks on British and US soldiers have increased after the opium poppy harvest .
British and US military commanders have warned about a high level of casualties in southern Afghanistan over the coming summer and autumn months .
Lieutenant Colonel James Carr - Smith , spokesman for Taskforce Helmand , paid tribute to the soldier killed today .
He said : " He was providing security for a patrol that was conducting a clearance operation when tragically he was struck by an explosion .
" He died doing his duty .
He was a courageous and dedicated soldier who made the ultimate sacrifice .
He will be greatly missed . "
Although serious psychologists sometimes bash self - help books as " vast oversimplifications , " there ’s a reason that New York Times ’s best seller list includes an entire section of “ advice ” books .
Who would n’t rather believe that they can help themselves ?
Forget the $ 100 an hour couch session with your psychiatrist — the path to a new you fits in the palm of your hand .
These eight apps can help you take your best shot at self - directed transformation .
According to the makers of this app ( and Oprah ) , writing down what you are grateful for every day can change your life .
In fact , the folks who made the app promise that if you do this for one month , " your life will change forever . "
The app keeps your daily bulleted list protected by passcode , and you can flip through the days , e-mail your list , and add photos .
There ’s also a function that allows you to rate how you ’re feeling so you can record your life improving as you complete the exercise .
Price : $ 0.99
Anybody who has read the back cover of 7 Habits of Highly Effective People has heard that changing your habits is an effective way to change your life .
The Habit Factor is designed to manage the habits you are trying to create .
The first step is to set up goals and deadlines .
After your goals are set , you set up habits that can help you achieve them .
If your main goal is to complete a marathon , then one of your habits might be to drink more water .
When you drink your targeted number , you can check that habit off your list for the day .
The app tracks what percentage of your habits you are maintaining , thus creating the occasion to celebrate ( or mourn ) your progress .
Try tracking one goal first using the free Habit Factor Lite , which allows you up to three active habits , before springing for full version .
Price : $ 6.99 or limited free version
Sand is fun , but messy .
Achieve the beauty and benefits of a Zen garden without having to vacuum afterward by using iZen Garden , a digital version of the soothing sandbox concept .
While raking around your garden , you can choose between seashells , stones , leaves , and more than 100 other objects to add to the design .
Decide if you prefer the sound of ocean waves or forest life in the background , add fluttering butterflies , or change the color of the sand .
When you ’re done , you can set your garden design to your wallpaper or share the Zen you ’ve achieved through e-mail , Facebook , or Twitter .
iZen Garden
Lite is also an excellent free option for those who can live with just 10 stones and one color of sand .
Price : $ 2.99 or limited free version
When your friends ca n’t relate to your relationship issues , or are just tired of hearing about them , it ’s nice to be able to turn to complete strangers who are n't regulars at your favorite watering hole .
BreakkUp lets you submit your relationship issues and posts them on a “ latest drama ” list that the 20,815 other registered users can access via the web or the app .
The community can then respond with advice and vote your drama up or down in importance .
Price : Free
As long as your life dilemma fits into one of the 75 options that myinstantCOACH has laid out , this app can give you the crucial advice you need to make big decisions .
Simply choose the category where you need coaching : Relationships , finance , career , or well being .
Then select the life scenario that best matches your own , like " I hate my boss . "
MyinstantCOACH will give you the lowdown on your situation , offer specific actions you can take to improve your problem , and allow you to set up reminders that check in on your progress .
Price : Free
LiveHappy puts the exercises that University of California Riverside professor Sonja Lyubomirsky suggests in her book , The How of Happiness , into app form .
Her theory is that by engaging in certain activities on a daily basis , anyone can change his or her mindset .
Some of these app activities include evaluating goals , keeping track of happy days , keeping a gratitude journal , thanking people directly , and remembering random acts of kindness .
The app also includes a personality analysis and science of happiness content .
Price : $ 0.99
The power of positive thinking has become a mantra for many self - help books .
Though psychologists are still debating its merits in relation to overall well being , most other people find it hard to argue against looking on the bright side .
This app keeps positive thoughts flowing in accordance with which category you select .
The font , transitions , and background are all customizable , and users can add their own positive affirmations to the collection of 10,000 thoughts , but it ’s hard to top phrases like , “ Unlimited abundance and prosperity radiate through me , creating infinite opportunities in all areas of my life . ”
The free version contains 100 different affirmations .
Price : $ 1.99 or free version
This app provides several stress management activities including reading an inspirational poem , pondering encouraging quotes , laughing at “ stress jokes , ” and rating your feelings .
There ’s also a “ reframe thoughts ” function that aims to help you to identify and change negative thoughts with a relaxation exercise .
I personally prefer the iShatter approach to stress relief , where $ 0.99 allows you to simulate the destruction of your screen , various glass objects , or a photo of your choice .
Price : $ 0.99
For more mobile coverage , follow Mashable Mobile on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
More iPhone resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , solvod
Welcome back again to the KDE Interview series .
Last time we spoke with Thiago Macieira , one of the old timers in KDE development .
Today we feature Thomas McGuire , the KMail maintainer .
Italian readers may prefer the original interview .
Thomas McGuire Thomas McGuire
Hello Thomas , can you present yourself to our readers ?
Hi , my name is Thomas McGuire .
I am a 24 year old German ( with Irish origins , if you wonder about my surname ) .
I 'm the KMail maintainer and I 'm studying a combination of IT / EE at the University of Siegen .
When and how did you get in contact with the KDE community ?
I started programming by creating small games for Windows .
One of them was using the SDL library , which is cross platform .
I was curious to see if my game would work on Linux , so I installed SuSE to compile it there .
The desktop happened to be KDE software , and I stayed with Linux and KDE applications since then .
In which part of the KDE community and in what development area(s ) are you involved ?
I mainly focus on KMail and KDEPIM .
Occasionally I also commit something to kdelibs , when it is relevant for Kmail .
How did you become KMail maintainer ?
Well , I started working on KMail , and continued working on it .
When I started , the Platform 4 port was in progress , so it was easy to get in and help with the port .
Is it possible to get better integration with GMail ?
We hope that the move to the Akonadi architecture will also bring improved IMAP support to KMail .
One improvement that is already implemented is push email ( IDLE ) support .
GMail 's IMAP is actually a bit special , like the use of labels and the " all mail " folder , I could see room for improvement there .
KMail could deal with these kind of things in a nicer way .
What are the difficulties to develop this kind of application ?
I tried many times to start coding for KMail but I get lost in all its code .
What do you suggest to people that want to help with KMail / KDE PIM ?
Indeed , the codebase of KMail was big and scary .
We 're now porting KMail to the Akonadi architecture , and things got a lot better : instead of having all of the code in KMail , we now have smaller dedicated libraries and components .
This code separation makes it easier to develop , and easier to find the code .
If you still can't find the right place , simply ask us on IRC .
What application do you use to develop KMail ?
I am torn between KDevelop and QtCreator .
I used the KDE3 version of KDevelop for a long time , but have now switched to QtCreator .
Some things in KDevelop are just better though , especially the Kate - based editor and the C++ support .
I might eventually switch to KDevelop 4 again .
It is good to see this kind of competition , we now have two great IDEs .
For debugging , I still use GDB with the CGDB frontend , somehow the integrated debugger in IDEs never worked right for me .
Git -SVN is a great tool that lets you use Git for SVN repositories like we use in KDE .
I recently started using it and can recommend it to everyone , really good for productivity .
What is the knowledge needed to develop an application like KMail ?
For developing KMail , you do n't need much knowledge .
When I started , I only knew C++ and a tiny bit of Qt , and picked up the rest on the way .
There are plenty people in the #kontact and #akonadi channels that will help you along .
How is the coding work on KMail organized ?
Well , it is organized just like any other KDE team , we communicate over mailing list , IRC and have regular developer meetings .
There is no one who organizes who works on what , people just work on what they like .
But of course we try to coordinate our efforts .
Right now , we 're all focused on the Akonadi port of KMail and Kontact .
Any possibilities to have Facebook messages appear in KMail or does Facebook not have an API to access them ?
KMail 2 will be based on Akonadi ( hey I think I 'm repeating myself ) , which is able to aggregate mails and other data from different sources , with so - called resources .
What we need is a Facebook resource for Akonadi .
The good news is that a Facebook resource already exists in the playground module in SVN , although it is currently defunct .
Right now it only supports contacts , but the Facebook API documentation indicates that there is beta support for accessing messages , so seeing Facebook messages in KMail would be possible .
It would be really cool if someone would start working on the Facebook resource again and add messages support , it should be fairly easy .
I always prefer a desktop application to do things .
What do you think of all these integrated web applications such as Facebook and Google Apps ?
Web applications certainly have their advantages , like being accessible from everywhere without the need to install software .
Yet , I prefer desktop software .
Take email as an example : I have multiple email accounts , and I can access them all with a unified and powerful interface in KMail .
On the web , I need to visit different websites to check all my mail , and I need to be online for that , while KMail has offline support .
Another reason is privacy :
It is simply not possible to encrypt or sign your mails using webmail , without giving away your private key .
And of course using Google services with all your data is a privacy concern in itself , this single company is in control of a big heap of data .
Desktop applications still have their place , and are preferable to web applications in some cases .
Web applications also have their place .
I think we 'll see a shift from desktop applications to applications on mobile phones in the future .
What are the missing features within KDE applications you think we should have to build a strong product set ?
I 'd really like to see Nepomuk - related features expand in the future , this has a huge potential .
We need good user interfaces to search and access the data , and integration of our new technologies in many more applications .
What are the KDE applications that are doing a very good job ?
And which ones need lots of love and help ?
Some of my favorite apps for productivity are Yakuake and KJots .
With Yakuake , I can quickly access my terminal , which I need frequently .
I have a shortcut to KJots in my panel , and enter everything that comes to my mind into KJots .
For example , I keep notes about bugs or ideas about refactoring there .
There are so many other great applications that I really can't list them all here , like Konversation , KMyMoney and Digikam .
Kopete needs some love .
The Jabber support there is buggy , especially for groupchats .
In the end , I switched to a non-KDE chat client :(
What ’s your favourite KDE application ?
Apart from Kontact ?
I do n't really have a favorite application .
I like the integration between all KDE applications , the desktop as a whole feels very nice to use .
What are your plans for KMail in the next KDE SC release ?
Right now the big thing is finishing the Akonadi port of KMail .
I think I already mentioned that the Akonadi framework will bring many advantages , we can finally get rid of the old , crusted and crashy storage layer of KMail 1 .
KMail 2 is work in progress : it starts and can display mail , but there is still a long way to go until we have it ready for use .
I am not sure if we make it in time for KDE SC 4.5 , but I 'd rather spent time on ensuring that KMail 2 is ready than to experience something like the KDE SC 4.0 release again .
We 'll see how it goes .
Porting help is welcome !
Are you paid to work on KDE software ?
Yes , I am paid to work with KDE , I work part time at KDAB , a company offering services around Qt. One of KDAB 's project is the involvement in the Kolab project , which is a free software groupware solution .
Kontact is the official Kolab client , and therefore KDAB works on Kontact and KDEPIM .
I got hired by KDAB after working on KMail for some time , a fate shared by many other KDEPIM hackers .
My main work area right now is the so - called " enterprise35 " branch of KDEPIM , which is the rock solid version used in production .
It is still based on KDE3 , so I 'm one of the last people doing KDE3 development , along with Allen and Sergio .
Anyone remember usermake ?
We of course make sure that each and every commit to the enterprise branch gets merged to trunk , even though that is a lot of work .
There will also be an enterprise5 branch eventually , based on Akonadi .
I still spent some of my free time working on KMail , see the next question :)
What motivates / keeps you motivated to work on KDE software ?
First and foremost , programming is fun !
And having a community of other like - minded people around you makes it even more fun , especially with developer meetings and with Akademy .
It is also nice to see that other people use our software and that the work we do benefits them .
If you could choose where you can live what place will you choose and why ?
There are many nice places on earth !
The best thing one can do is to travel and see as many countries as possible .
If I would be forced to chose , I 'd pick New Zealand .
I have visited NZ for several months once , and really enjoyed my stay there , lovely nature and people .
Have you ever been in Italy ?
If so , where ?
I have not yet been in Italy , but would love to go there one day .
Do you like reading ?
What was the last book you read ?
I am a big book fan .
The last non-fiction book I read was " Why Programs Fail : A Guide to Systematic Debugging " .
The last fiction book was " Drop City " from T.C.
Boyle , I already ordered more books from this great author .
Thomas , thank you for your time and good luck with your projects !
People often ask how to crack the Catholic voter .
Sure we ’re pro-life , and for most faithful Catholics that puts us squarely in the Republican Party , or at the very least aligned with the modern American conservative movement .
But in another sense , when you start asking deeper questions , there ’s a strong social justice current within the voting bloc as a whole .
Catholics who are monsters on pro-life issues ( good monsters … the kind you ’d see in Where the Wild Things Are ) become labelled as squeamish moderates — or worse , liberals — when it comes to education , opposition to the death penalty , a preferential option for the poor , or a sensitivity to immigration .
In short , the Catholic voter does n’t fit inside any political philosophy , and as a result has been difficult for America ’s major political parties to court .
I ’ve seen Corey Stewart ’s proposal on the Virginia Rule of Law Act , where he argues that Virginia should have an Arizona - style anti-illegal immigrant policy .
So let me get some things straight .
The free market has made the United States of America an economic paradise compared to the rest of the world .
This economic miracle — built on free trade — has persuaded 20 million human beings to risk their lives , limbs , property , and the violation of our laws to come to America and be a part of our prosperity .
The reaction of so - called free market conservatives ?
It almost reads out of the Joseph Stalin playbook .
Use the power of the state , round up the offenders , and deport them to their own personal Siberia .
In short , free market economics are fine … until undesireables enter the equation .
Let ’s not kid ourselves as to who these 20 million people are .
20 million Canadians , or Irish , or Europeans probably would n’t phase our American sensibilities so much .
In fact , we ’d probably welcome them with open arms to revive our manufacturing base , do the jobs nativist Americans simply do not do , or to reinvigorate our population replacement rates .
But it ’s 20 million Mexicans .
20 million people of a foreign people ( i.e. not European ) .
20 million people who do n’t speak English .
… and so , rather than appealing to our logic , we appeal to baser instincts .
We neglect for a moment that 20 million people are within our borders because they want a better life for themselves and their family .
20 million people willing to work hard , build businesses , make money , and be a part of the community .
You know , the things America used to stand for ?
Allow me to entertain a different idea .
Conservatives ideally believe in the power of the free market .
Instead of rounding up and deporting every non-English speaking Hispanic , why do n’t we encourage work visas ?
Extend business opportunities to Central America ?
Take those 20 million “ illegal ” persons ( as if such a concept existed ) and recognize that 20 million potential Americans who believe in hard work and free enterprise are ready to enlist in the American Experiment ?
Back to the Catholic voter for just a moment .
Suppose an illegal immigrant arrived at your door .
In most cases , the instinctive Catholic - influence individual ’s first route of action is simple — food , water , warmth , and safety .
The last thing on your mind is calling the cops .
It ’s not because one seeks to break any laws , but rather because the dignity of the human person demands we observe higher laws .
After all , an unjust law is no law at all , says the Catholic - educated scholar .
I do not recognize the argument that says 20 million people who desire to better their lot in life and participate in America ’s free enterprise system are “ illegal ” in nature and should be turned away .
In fact , I take it a step further and say that such a policy of deportation is an utter betrayal of our free - market system , and should be deplored , condemned , and attacked by anyone truly calling themselves a conservative .
What is at stake is n’t the Hispanic voter writ large , as if Hispanics were the monolithic voting bloc Republicans have long erred African - Americans to be .
The Catholic voter is watching as well — 65 million strong and 1/4 of America ’s voting public are watching to see if a conservative ideology , which claims to prize individual liberty at all costs , is willing to betray those principles and use the power of the state to crackdown on the free market .
Which begs the question — should we do this , then what is it that conservatives truly prize ?
The free market ?
Individual liberty ?
Or protectionism ?
We ’re smarter than draconian immigration laws .
Let the solution be something other than that which treats symptoms without addressing cures .
I firmly believe in conservative ethics , and I also believe very firmly in American exceptionalism .
I also believe that it is those values that are attracting 20 million people to our country like a magnet .
Corey Stewart is a good conservative , but he is dead wrong on this issue .
It would be a shame if , barely two decades after the fall of the Berlin Wall , the best hope for freedom chose to turn the guns outward and build one of its own along the southern border of our nation .
Why Do n’t You Relax ?
I ’ve just heard about fantastic new ( free ) application – Relax and Sleep .
Mizu Software Solutions made an application which is a must for every Android phone .
Feeling tense ?
Having trouble sleeping ?
( I know I do ) .
But , I ’ve find a little helper !
Relax and Sleep is a free Android application which comes with 21 beautiful music themes for your pleasure :
Sound of the Ocean
Sound of a Soft Beach
Sound of a Little Creek
Sound of Heavy Rain
Sound of Summer Rain
Sound of a Shishiodoshi
Sound of Brown Noise
Sound of Windchimes
Sound of a Thunderstorm
Sound of Forest Birds
Song of a Whale
Sound of Crickets
Sound of Train Travel
Sound of a Campfire
Drum melody
Monotone Bass melody
Relaxation melody
Athmospheric melody
Chinese Violin melody
Acoustic Guitar melody
Dream melody
An impressive list !
The best part is – you can mix them however you want .
I ’ve find my perfect combination : Sound of the Ocean ( higher volume ) plus Sound of a Little Creek ( lower volume ) .
As I said – you can mix whatever you want , whenever you want while you ’re searching for your perfect recipe .
Let ’s see how does Relax and Sleep look like :
Main menu
As you can see – list of all sounds with volume controls .
Very easy to use !
Options
There are : Mute All , Set Timer ( my favorite ! ) , Load Preset , Save Preset ( when you find your “ tune ” ) , Help / About and , of course – Quit .
Timer Settings
Timer allows you to set an ammount of time ( HH : MM format ) after which all sounds will be muted .
Almost forgot – download link .
You can search Android Market for it or you can scan QR code below :
Now , please do excuse me – it ’s relax time !
Gotta hear the ocean .
Rhode Island Democratic Senator Sheldon
Whitehouse , just after Rep. Joe Barton 's " off the wall " apology to BP , laid out how deeply " corporate tentacles " have reached into our regulatory agencies in Congress .
He said , " The scope , the extent , the insidious nature of corporate influence in regulatory agencies of government -- this question of regulatory capture -- is something we should attend to here .
It is the lesson , and it raises the question beyond the Minerals Management Service :
How far does this corporate influence reach into our agencies of government ?
The wealth of the international corporate world is staggering .
The five biggest oil companies just this quarter posted profits of $ 23 billion -- that is a 23 with 12 zeroes behind it -- in just one quarter . "
And now that the Supreme Court has ruled that these foreign companies have full human rights under the First Amendment here in the USA , they 're free to drop billions into the upcoming or 2012 elections .
Meet your new government - corporate rule .
Image caption
The depot manager and his family were kidnapped at gunpoint
A cage - fighter has been jailed in Morocco for his part in the UK 's biggest cash raid at a Securitas depot .
Lee Murray , 30 , originally from south London , was named during the trial of other gang members as the " mastermind " of the £ 53 m raid in Kent in 2006 .
Kent Police said Murray must serve 10 years in jail in Morocco for his involvement .
A spokesman for the force said Murray was deemed to be Moroccan and could not be extradited to the UK .
' Held at gunpoint '
Det Supt Mick Judge said the Kent force had worked with the Moroccan authorities to ensure Murray was prosecuted .
He said : " I 'm pleased Murray will now begin serving a significant prison sentence for his part in the Tonbridge robbery . "
More than 13 people were charged with offences in connection with the robbery .
Six people were convicted .
Depot manager Colin Dixon and family were kidnapped at gunpoint by men posing as police officers to allow the gang to gain entry .
Det Supt Judge added : " We must not forget the traumatic experience the Dixons and the Securitas employees went through that night in 2006 - held at gunpoint and fearing for their lives . "
Image caption Lee Murray is believed to have been the robber known as " Stopwatch "
He said Murray played a key role in the conspiracy to kidnap the Dixons and rob the depot .
Lee Murray 's solicitor Abdellah Benlanhidi said the verdict was too harsh and they would appeal against it .
He said Murray had been in jail for four years , which meant he had another six years to serve .
Last June , the Moroccan authorities refused to extradite Murray after establishing his Moroccan nationality .
Earlier trials in the UK had heard how Murray began plotting Britain 's biggest robbery in the summer of 2005 .
It is thought that Murray , wearing a prosthetic disguise , was one of the fake police officers who ambushed depot manager Colin Dixon and abducted his wife and child .
Murray is also believed to have been the robber dubbed " Stopwatch " by detectives because he was seen on the CCTV tape bossing the gang around and timing their every move .
Conversation recorded
He organised the raid with military precision and ensured the gang left the depot after being on site for less than an hour .
Four days after the robbery in February 2006 , Murray fled to Morocco .
Murray inadvertently provided key evidence for police when he crashed his car shortly before the robbery , and fled the scene leaving his mobile phone in the vehicle .
He had accidentally pressed the record button on the handset during a conversation about the robbery with fellow plotter Lea Rusha , which was later recovered and used by prosecutors .
On the night of the raid , 14 Securitas staff members were terrorised and tied up at gunpoint as the robbers loaded cash on to a lorry .
Police have recovered £ 21 m and have still to uncover the rest .
Prosecutors have said they are determined to track down the money and recent inquiries have been focused on the Middle East .
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car in a town in West Lothian .
A spokesman for Lothian and Borders Police said the collision happened outside a sports centre in Kirkliston near Edinburgh .
An investigation is under way into the incident , which happened just after 1400 BST .
Officers have appealed for any witnesses to come forward .
The identity of the cyclist , who was a 37 year old man , has not yet been released .
Stella P. sent in a link to the SIGG water bottle website , pointing to the fact that there are “ women ’s ” and “ men ’s ” collections .
What ’s interesting about the two collections is n’t just the reproduction of the gender binary and the gendering of water bottles , but the fact that the outcome of this bifurcation is actually less choice for men .
There are 77 total water bottles in the women ’s collection , but only 58 in the men’s .
If you scroll through the options , you ’ll see that women basically get to choose among ALL of the bottles , but men are not presented with any that ( apparently ) appear TOO feminine .
This is a great example , then , of the way that patriarchy constrains men by pushing them away from items deemed girly .
Here are some screen shots of the men ’s and women ’s collections .
Men’s :
Women’s :
Hey folks ! (:
We have found our 16 competing Clans and are ready to go !
Unlike CCL and CCL2 we will not play a thorough League Stage , instead we 'll have 4x4 Groups , with the 2 best Clans per Group advancing to the CCL3 Playoffs .
Check out my former CCL3 post on how the Groups will be played out ! (:
Our 4 Group Leaders are Legends , Maximum Security Jail , Thanatosis & Vikings and will draft from the pool of the remaining participants .
The first Draft by each Group Leader will also determine their first Group Opponent !
CCL3 DRAFT POOL
Copyright And The First Amendment : Lack Of Satire Coverage Leads To Stifling Of Speech
from the what 's - wrong - with - satire dept
So if I want to draw former President George W. Bush as Mickey Mouse and parody him by placing him in a Mickey / Minnie scenario , by this logic Disney can stop me from engaging in this core political speech because I am not making fun of Mickey , only of the former President .
How to permit political speech , promote creativity and maximize economic welfare for both copyright creators and society in general are questions implicated in these debates , with the cultural pendulum slowly swinging towards the Remix culture camp .
There are a few signs that legal culture is moving in that direction , with judges taking a more expansive view of fair use .
The videos were core political speech , the most protected form of speech under the First Amendment .
Yet the court blocked them , relying on copyright law .
What happened ?
The trouble is the misguided way that some courts have distinguished " parody " from " satire " in when measuring fair use .
" Parody , " in the world of copyright , means using a work in order to comment on the work itself ( or its creator ) .
Parody gets a wide berth under fair use .
So , for example , when 2 Live Crew famously sent - up Roy Orbison 's " Pretty Woman , " the Supreme Court found that the use was permitted .
A " satire , " in contrast , involves using a work to comment on something other than the work itself .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
As has been discussed many times in the past , the courts have dealt with the inherent conflict between copyright law and the First Amendment by saying that the two " safety valves " of " fair use " and " the idea / expression dichotomy " helped make sure that speech was not really stifled under copyright law .
Of course , there are tons of examples where these " valves " do n't work -- and one clear one is the bizarre and still not clearly explained distinction between " parody " and " satire . "
Parody is considered a valid fair use defense , while satire is not .
The distinction is mostly about whether or not the work in question is " commenting on " the work that it is using ( parody ) or using the work to comment on something else ( satire ) .
Copyright litigator Ray Dowd recently discussed this issue in questioning the famous Ninth Circuit decision back in 1997 that more or less set the ground rules here , Dr. Seuss vs. Penguin Books about whether or not a book calledwas protected fair use .
The court ruled that it was not , because the work was satire -- and since it used the Dr. Seuss characters not to comment on Dr. Seuss or " the cat in the hat , " but to comment on the OJ Simpson trial , that it was not protected under fair use .
As Dowd notes , this would seem likely to stifle political speech :
Along those lines , the EFF is now expressing concern over the recent ruling in favor of Don Henley against a California Senatorial candidate , Chuck DeVore .
In his advertising , DeVore used a couple reworkings of Henley songs ( " The Hope of November " and " All She Wants to Do Is Tax , " which were versions of Henley 's " The Boys of Summer " and " All She Wants to Do Is Dance " ) .
The court , as in the Dr. Seuss case , noted that since DeVore 's use was not parodying , there was no fair use .
As the EFF points out , this makes little sense , and leads to some questionable outcomes :
So at what point do the courts ( or Congress ) realize that not only is this distinction pointless , but also that this is a clear situation where these so - called " safety valves " to protect the First Amendment are not working .
Political speech is being denied due to a law from Congress ( who , we are told , " shall make no [ such ] law " ) .
Filed Under : copyright , free speech , parody , satire
Sen .
Bernie Sanders said something we do n't hear often enough on cable news shows while talking to Dylan Ratigan about the amendments being considered on the Senate floor today on financial reform .
Sanders :
Are we a democracy or are we an oligarchy where the very powerful special interests exert enormous influence over our government .
.. I think we 're an oligarchy and I think it 's getting worse and I think we need to rally the American people ...
The middle class in this country is collapsing .
Poverty is increasing and the gap between the very rich and everybody else is growing wider .
And what 's happening with the banks is one of the reasons that that is occurring , so this is not esoteric .
This is our standard of living .
This is the survival of the middle class .
This interview was before -- no big surprise -- some of those amendments started going down in flames .
Shocker right ?
More good news for the banks all around .
Republicans derail Merkley proposal to regulate banks :
A furious Sen. Jeff Merkley , D - Ore. , accused Republicans Tuesday of blocking debate on a closely watched amendment that would insulate customers from conflicts of interest and prohibit banks from making risky but highly lucrative trades that helped trigger the recession .
Merkley 's outburst came after Republicans objected to what Democrats thought was a routine request for the Senate to consider -- and later vote on -- the amendment he co-sponsored with Sen.
Carl Levin , D - Mich .
That pattern had been followed for two weeks .
GOP Threats On Trading Amendment Endanger Financial Reform Package :
At the center of the latest showdown over financial reform legislation is a proposal to strengthen the Volcker rule , which would limit on risky trading on Wall Street .
The amendment , which was scheduled for a vote by bipartisan agreement , is now being objected to by GOP leadership .
But Progressive
Dems say without a vote on their amendment , they may not allow the bill to proceed .
For his part , Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) supports the measure , but is not inclined to put it in his manager 's amendment in order to make sure it gets a vote .
Sen. Carl Levin ( D - MI ) told reporters at a press conference this evening that the refusal by Republicans to allow a vote on the issue put the cloture vote in jeopardy .
" There 's a reasonable expectation ... that our amendments would be brought to a vote , " Levin said .
" I 'm not inclined to vote for cloture if we can't get a vote on this . "
Dorgan ' Not Interested ' In Voting For Too -Weak Financial Reform :
The Senate just voted 56 - 38 to table Sen. Byron Dorgan 's amendment to the Wall Street reform bill that would have banned trading in naked credit default swaps , essentially eliminating a huge gambling market , wherein speculators bet on the success or failure of entities in which they have no financial interest .
That may complicate matters for Democratic leaders , who quite possibly just lost Dorgan 's vote .
" I 'm not very interested in moving a bill that does n't address the central issue that I want to address , " Dorgan told me a few minutes before his amendment was tabled .
" But we 'll see .
We 'll work tonight and see what happens . "
Please donate if you can to our C&L fundraiser .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
Yes , I know DC has ceased publishing them , but a man can dream , ca n ’t he ?
There was so much MORE to mine from the Elseworld ’s vein .
If they ever come back , I ’m ready …
That ’s it for this week .
We should be doing this EVERY weekend for the next while , come on back and collect them ALL !
Ty the Guy
Share :
COPENHAGEN ( Reuters ) - A Danish hotel is pioneering a pedal - power electricity generation scheme it hopes will catch on in other countries .
The Crowne Plaza Copenhagen Towers , 15 minutes from the center of the Danish capital and five minutes from Scandinavia ’s main airport , is installing two exercise bicycles hooked up to generators .
Guests will be invited to jump on and start pedaling -- and if they produce enough electricity they will be given a free meal .
From June , they will be able to race against the 366 - room hotel ’s solar panel system in a bid to produce the most electricity .
“ Anyone producing 10 watt hours of electricity or more for the hotel will be given a locally produced complimentary meal encouraging guests to not only get fit but also reduce their carbon footprint and save electricity and money , ” the hotel said in a statement .
Hotel spokeswoman Frederikke Tommergaard said the free meal offer applied only to paying guests , not passers - by .
The value of the meal -- any one of the main courses on the hotel restaurant or lobby bar ’s menu -- is about 240 Danish crowns ( $ 44 ) , she told Reuters .
The electric bikes will be up and running from April 19 and the plan is to test the idea for a year with a view to expanding it to more Crowne Plaza hotels , part of the InterContinental Hotels Group .
HTC ’s announced they ’ve acquired Abaxia , a firm that creates custom user interfaces for handset manufacturers and carriers .
CEO Cedric Mangaud says HTC and Abaxia have worked closely with each other since they were founded in 2001 as their businesses complement each other nicely .
HTC CEO Peter Chou commented on the deal , saying :
“ HTC is committed to creating the best possible mobile experience for our customers today , tomorrow and into the future .
“ The addition of Abaxia deepen and broaden our software development capabilities so that we can innovate at an even faster pace . ”
These have no apparent implications for HTC ’s Android fronts yet , from what I can tell .
There are a number of different reasons HTC could ’ve purchased the firm .
For starters , let ’s not forget that HTC also produces handsets for the veteran operating system Windows Mobile .
Even more plausible would be the idea that this has nothing to do with HTC ’s smartphones period : they could just be venturing into a new territory that Abaxia ’s already set the groundwork in .
Or HTC Sense on Android will just get even more awesome from here ( but that ’s a given , anyway ) .
It ’s always notable when HTC makes movements regarding their user interface business as HTC Sense has become a great deal for them over the past few years ( both in consumer adoption and legal disputes ) .
Read on for the full press release .
It is now clear that the disastrous Deepwater Horizon oil spill was eminently preventable .
And even since the April 20 rig fire , experts have cited many examples of how poor choices by BP have worsened an already dire situation .
Here are eight particularly unfortunate errors that experts say contributed to the biggest oil spill in U.S. history :
1. BP never had a realistic plan to deal with a spill
The oil giant 's official plan for dealing with a potential Deepwater Horizon spill , and its more general plan for any spill in the Gulf , both wildly overestimated its preparedness and seriously lowballed the potential damage , according to an AP analysis .
The plan — approved by the Interior Department in 2009 — lists a dead scientist among its wildlife experts and a defunct Japanese home - shopping website among its equipment suppliers .
Portions of it are written in pencil .
2. BP went with a risky type of blowout preventer — and then did n't maintain it
The blowout preventer is a giant valve that is supposed to be the last line of defense against a damaged well becoming an ecological catastrophe .
But for the Deepwater Horizon project , BP chose a model — made by U.S. - based Cameron International — with well - documented design flaws .
To make matters worse , according to a congressional investigation , the Deepwater 's blowout preventer was in terrible shape :
It had a dead battery , debilitating hydraulic - system leaks , and " shutoff shears " that were n't strong enough to seal the well .
BP also opted not to install a voluntary $ 500,000 acoustic shutoff switch that could have sealed the well by remote control in the event the blowout preventer failed , reports the WSJ .
3 . The well 's critical plumbing was shoddy and poorly designed
Days before the blowout , BP decided to use a type of single - wall well casing that it knew increased the risk of gas leaks like the one that ultimately caused the deadly fire on the rig , according to The New York Times .
Why ?
To save money .
Drilling experts also say that BP 's design for the casing pipe from the sea floor to the oil reservoir has a baffling design flaw that made it essentially impossible to create effective cement seals , the primary guards against natural gas leaks .
4. BP and rig workers ignored or misread clear warning signs
As Halliburton contractors were lowering the final cement plug down the well , rig workers conducted several tests for gas leaks — and in what an internal BP postmortem calls a " fundamental mistake " — they misinterpreted a " very large abnormality . "
When they decided , wrongly , that the test results were acceptable , they replaced the heavy drilling mud in the well with lighter seawater , allowing the pockets of natural gas below to explode upward and , ultimately , set the rig ablaze .
5. A " company man " overrode explosion concerns of well cementers
BP sent home the contractor it had hired to test the cement plug inside the well 11 hours before the explosion , without ever having him conduct the " gold standard " test on whether the seal was secure , according to the testing firm .
A BP " company man " also overruled other safety concerns , including replacing the drilling mud with seawater , says another partner company .
6. BP has n't fessed up about how much oil is really spilling
Experts tend to agree that , in order to prepare for containment and cleanup efforts , federal and state officials need to know how much oil they 're dealing with .
But the oil company has been slippery on that point : BP said two days after the explosion that no oil was leaking ; three days later , it said 1,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) were leaking ; three days after that , it was 5,000 bpd — even after a " confidential " company memo said that up to 14,266 bpd was gushing out .
BP no longer gives estimates , but government scientists Thursday said the true leak rate is has been between 20,000 to 40,000 bpd .
7. BP's " solutions " may be making the spill much , much worse
The company 's string of failed attempts to seal or contain the leak — top hat , top kill , junk shot — may , in fact , be intensifying the problem .
A flow - rate expert on the government panel looking into the leak rate , Dr. Ira Leifer of the University of California at Santa Barbara , says that both the top kill and containment cap strategies have damaged the well and dramatically increased the amount of oil spurting into the ocean .
He suggests that , following BP 's decision to install a containment cap , the leak may now be 100,000 barrels per day .
8. BP needs a bigger boat
While the containment cap strategy may have made the overall situation worse , the company is finally collecting sizable quantities of oil from the wellhead .
The problem ?
There 's no place to store it all , reports the WSJ .
The tanker now floating above the wellhead can process about 18,000 barrels per day , while BP has a stated goal of collecting 50,000 bpd .
The company is scrambling to bring in more ships , and will begin burning off as much as possible .
The Chicago Blackhawks made a blockbuster trade with the Thrashers on Wednesday , the Stanley Cup champions moving Dustin Byfuglien , Ben Eager , Brent Sopel and a prospect to Atlanta for a first - round pick , a second - round pick , forwards Marty Reasoner and Joey Crabb and prospect Jeremy Morin .
The first - and second - round picks that Chicago gets in the deal were acquired by Atlanta in the trade that sent Ilya Kovalchuk to New Jersey last February .
The prospect Atlanta is getting from Chicago is Akim Aliu .
Blackhawks general manager Stan Bowman admitted that the deal was " simply a salary cap move . "
" It 's exactly what we set out to accomplish , " he added .
" To get some draft choices .
...
There were a lot of other considerations and we 're satisfied where we ended up . "
Rick Dudley , who in April was promoted to general manager in Atlanta , said the deal made the Thrashers
" significantly better , immediately . "
" I think what we saw in the playoffs is the Dustin Byfuglien
we 've seen evolving for some time now , " Dudley said in a conference call early Thursday morning .
" As a forward he's
probably one of the premier power forwards in the league . "
The trade was delayed a while on Wednesday night because it would have moved the Thrashers above the accepted limit of 50 player contracts , a league source told ESPN.com .
But Atlanta then made a " minor transaction " with San Jose , sending a seventh - round selection ( 188th overall ) in the 2010 draft , defenseman Michael Vernace and left wing Brett Sterling to the Sharks for future considerations .
" It is what it is , " Byfuglien said on " The Afternoon Saloon " on ESPN 1000 .
" It 's part of the job .
You 're not going to stick in one spot the whole time so I 've got to go . "
After winning their first Stanley Cup since 1961 , the Blackhawks were in dire need of shedding salary as new contract extensions for Jonathan Toews , Patrick Kane ( five years , $ 31.5 million each ) and Duncan Keith ( 13 years , $ 72 million ) next season put them in a major salary - cap crunch .
In an extremely bold move , the Phoenix Suns as an organization made a strong political statement in opposition to the recent Arizona immigration bill .
Discussions on taking action began last week after the bill passed , with an idea that came from Robert Sarver , Managing Partner of the Phoenix Suns .
According to Steve Kerr , the team discussed it internally before going to the league for approval to both wear the ' Los Suns ' jerseys , but also to come out publicly in this way .
Kerr said both the NBA and the San Antonio Spurs were fully supportive of the Suns move .
Ultimately , the decision was left up to the players , but in a locker room led by Steve Nash , it is no surprise how that turned out .
" I think the law is very misguided .
I think it is unfortunately to the detriment of our society and our civil liberties and I think it is very important for us to stand up for things we believe in , " Nash said of the bill .
" I think the law obviously can target opportunities for racial profiling .
Things we do n't want to see and do n't need to see in 2010 . "
Amare Stoudemire and Alvin Gentry also expressed their support for the decision with more of a focus on supporting their neighbors .
" It 's going to be great to wear Los Suns to let the Latin community know we 're behind them 100 % , " Stoudemire said .
There 's no question that this public move will receive considerable backlash in this state and likely among many Suns fans and perhaps even sponsors .
Steve Kerr tried to walk the line between the political implications by talking about the move as a way for an organization that is in the public eye to push the discussion .
" We want to celebrate the diversity that exists in our state and exists in the NBA .
We know what 's going on and we do n't agree with the law itself , " Kerr said .
Steven Nash was well aware of the perception the recent bill created for Arizona and that seemed to play a role in his decision , " It does n't feel good to have people around the world and around the country look at our state as less than equal , less than fair .
As proud citizen of this state , I want us to be held be held in the highest esteem .
I think we have a lot of great attributes and a lot of great people and I think we need to be very cautious in how we respect our civil liberties and the tone we 're setting and the precedents we 're setting moving forward . "
[ Note by Seth Pollack , 05/04/10 4:08 PM
MST ]
It would seem over the last few hours while I was in a meeting , a lot of discussion has taken place .
That 's for keeping it civil .
I actually had this exact debate with my neighbor a few days ago .
He works in the construction industry and had a lot of insight on this first hand .
He was in favor of the new bill and I of course was opposed .
On thing we were able to agree on was that something needed to be done to provide a legal process to meet the labor needs .
We went round and round to get there but ultimately found common ground .
Hopefully , this is the kind of thing that can happen as a result of the Suns decision .
It 's exactly what Steve Kerr seemed to be hoping for .
As for actually basketball stuff - there 's plenty of that coming later tonight .
Do n't worry , we wo n't belabor this topic .
In the mean time , here 's some related links :
CAIRO — Once shrouded in mystery , the pyramids of Giza are now believed to be the earliest known attempt at camping out , a team of archeologists reported Monday .
“ It appears that around 2 400 BC , the pharaohs of Egypt began packing up all of their earthly possessions for some recreational camping on the banks of the Nile , ” said Dr. Tarek Hilal of Alexandria University , noting that the pyramids ’ dense outer walls and sharply angled faces would have been perfect for keeping rain out .
“ Furthermore , it seems that the extensive hieroglyphics showing spirits embarking on a journey to the afterlife was their way of telling spooky ghost stories . ”
Despite the remarkable discovery , Hilal and his team are still unsure why so many ancient Egyptians decided to remove their inner organs before getting inside their stone sleeping bags at night .
Advertisement
NOTE : Video is after the jump and NSFW due to some prison language .
This is a ten - minute video compilation of WTF moments in television and movie history from across the globe .
It 's scary as hell , I 'm not gonna lie .
You 've probably seen at least some of the videos , but there were a bunch I had n't yet , so I 'm even more scarred now .
Awesome .
I definitely recommend watching it drunk though , because , well , I recommend watching everything drunk .
Except your kids grow up , that 's just f*** ing depressing .
Hit it for the video .
Liveleak
Thanks to Richard , who has seen every clip before because he 's been to the bottom of the internet and lived to send me the tip .
David Kotok of Cumberland Advisors is out with the latest in his sobering , but must - read OIl Slickonomics series .
This time he does some math on the direct economic impact on Gulf States .
We estimate that an extended moratorium , which we now expect to continue because of Obama political calculus , will cost up to 200,000 higher - paying jobs in the oil drilling and oil service business and that the employment multiplier of 4.7 will put the total job loss at nearly 1 million permanent employment shrinkage occurring over the next few years .
Five states have a regional recession / depression development underway .
Alaska could become the sixth state on the damaged list .
Readers may note that for the Gulf region , they can watch the Beige Books of the Atlanta and Dallas Federal Reserve Banks for economic details over the next several months .
And we must not be deceived by the $ 20 billion fund .
It is not nearly enough to cover the liabilities that may develop for BP and its partners , who are already in dispute with each other over who is going to pay for what and when and how much .
Remember at $ 4300 fine for each leaked barrel of oil , the $ 20 billion is likely to just cover the fine .
We expect that the total cleanup and payment of the liabilities to all injured parties in all five states may approach 5 times that amount .
Avrete sicuramente sentito parlare della CPU Qualcomm Snapdragon , il cuore pulsante da 1GHz dei moderni smartphone con sistema operativo Google Android .
Tale CPU , molto performante , sembra sia stata battuta dal chip Apple A4 presente nell ' iPad e probabilmente anche in Iphone 4G .
Qualcomm ha davvero fatto fortuna con il debutto di Android .
Un sistema operativo piuttosto leggero e scattante ( kernel linux ) ma che richiede potenza adeguata per poter funzionare senza indugi e non rallentare nel multitasking ( non dimentichiamoci che il layer di più alto livello è scritto in linguaggio Java ) .
La CPU Snapdragon , prodotta da Qualcomm , si è infatti rivelata un alleato speciale per Android , in quanto è stata integrata con successo in tutti i più recenti telefoni cellulari su piattaforma Google OS , a partire dal Nexus One.
1GHz di frequenza , coadiuvata da una dotazione di RAM pari ad almeno 256MB , riesce ad assicurare un'eccellente user experience su Android .
Apple non è rimasta a guardare e , dietro le quinte , ha sviluppato una sua CPU , denominata Apple A4 , che ha per ora integrato solamente nel nuovissimo iPad che ha da poco visto la luce sul mercato internazionale .
Si tratta di un microprocessore interamente ideato da Apple e , secondo benchmark recenti , tale CPU risulta essere molto più veloce e performante di Snapdragon .
La comparativa è stata fatta considerando il Nexus One di Google .
Sebbene i due rispettivi cuori di silicio funzionino entrambi ad 1GHz di frequenza , l'Apple A4 si è rivelato il 9 % più veloce nel caricare alcuni siti web .
Percentuale che raggiunge picchi del 60 % su website dalla grafica e dal codice " intensi " .
Globalmente il distacco è in media del 10 % a favore di Apple A4 .
Non è al momento chiaro se tale gap di performance è imputabile al software , poichè iPad e Nexus
One utilizzano browser web completamente diversi così come motori JavaScript che hanno davvero poco in comune .
Tuttavia non dimentichiamo che la potenza di Apple iPad è paragonabile forse più a quella di un netbook , escludendo però a priori il fatto che iPad NON supporta assolutamente il multitasking .
Se compariamo infatti i risultati ottenuti con quelli realizzati con un iPhone 3GS , in questo scenario iPad è più veloce del 50 % in media .
Dunque , per induzione , iPhone 3GS risulta essere più lento di Nexus
One nell 'esplorazione web , perlomeno se come metro di misura utilizziamo iPad .
A4 risulta essere comunque basato sull ' architettura Cortex - A8 di ARM , ma ha il vantaggio di essere ospitato in uno chassis ( quello di iPad ) più grande in grado di ospitare batterie decisamente maggiorate rispetto a quelle di uno smartphone .
Grazie a tutto ciò , Apple ha deciso di spingere la frequenza ad 1GHz .
Probabilmente A4 troverà posto anche nel prossimo iPhone , ma non si esclude che possa subire un downclocking ...
Sarà in ogni caso interessante capire cosa accadrà quando Qualcomm rilascerà la prossima CPU Snapdragon da 1.3GHz , che verrà integrata nella stragrande maggioranza degli smartphone di alto livello il cui debutto è atteso certamente non prima della fine di questa estate , se non oltre .
The Diaspora Project , if you have n’t heard about it , you should do some research and check out this site .
The project is jointly run by 4 developers namely : Daniel Grippi , Maxwell Salzberg , Raphael Sofaer and Ilya Zhitromirskiy .
Its worth mentioning all 4 of the team members are students and are hoping to complete Diaspora development in one summer .
This being the summer of 2010 .
The following are the 2 main reasons why I doubt Diaspora will be the Facebook killer some of us are hoping for ( in no particular order ) :
The majority of Facebook users are more than happy with the service FB supplies them .
Facebook may offer very basic services , but it does have a lot going for it , primarily FB has more than 100 million users .
Thats a lot of users , no other service on the planet offers a more comprehensive social directory .
FB can also boast high retention rates of 70 % per annum , compared to say Twitter which has less than 50 % retention rate .
In fact if there was a social network site that needed replacement the first prize would go to Twitter .
Facebook services most users needs very well , it provides the following services – the ability to hook up with most people in the world , the ability to share textual and photographic information and the ability to chat in real time .
Facebook does have huge privacy issues BUT this is not a show stopper .
Facebook might be in the business of selling your data to marketing companies , but guess what ?
Hardly anyone cares .
I ’ve proven this time and again , I ’ve explained this to many people , I ’ve asked Facebook users if they ’re aware of the privacy issues , and guess what ?
MOST ARE !
Yet they still continue to use Facebook , privacy for most is not a massive concern .
Then while on this point there is another type of privacy users are concerned with , this is the ability for the users direct details to be shared with the general internet public , for example photos or a list of your friends via Google .
Facebook are already aware of these issues and are working on addressing these concerns .
Since I ’ve followed Diaspora , I ’ve also had a reality check , here is what I think 2 months in .
Diaspora project raised over $ 100 000 dollars , why would 4 talented students need that much money to develop a product they believe would take them just 1 summer to complete ?
I do n’t get this at all .
As a developer I ’ve often thought of developing some new idea , the highest cost in software development are the human resources .
Since these 4 developers are the human resources writing the application using open source solutions , why the need for $ 100 000 dollars .
Now I know they only asked for $ 10 000 upfront , but my point is why ask for any money at all ?
Why not just develop it , then once its developed find investors to fund the marketing .
Infact Diasporas rise to fame is primarily based on the success the team achieved while raising that $ 100 000 dollars .
The Diaspora site lacks priority , it seems more like a competition give away site than a serious open source development effort .
Other real open source projects I ’m interested in have way more focus on the actual work , not on publicity or give away gimmicks .
Tell me , do you see any SVN repository on the Diaspora site ?
Have you seem any detailed technical discussions by the Diaspora team ?
The Diaspora team seem preoccupied deciding which T - Shirts to hand out to their sponsors .
The Diaspora team raise interest , use catch phrases like “ Open ” , “ Free ” , “ Privacy ” , “ Secure ” but never give any detailed technical accounts of what they ’re planning on implementing , the reason is because they have n’t fully planned what they ’re implementing .
They have great high level theoretical concepts , but I am not entirely convinced they ’re always that practical .
In my experience the Diaspora team are not the best communicators , the site , the work , the goals , the progress of the development are all shrouded in a blanket of mystery .
Diaspora team seldom ( if at all ) reply to questions sent via email .
I understand developers might not enjoy handling public communication , but since this is a publicly sponsored high budget development effort , why do n’t they just hire someone to maintain the website and handle email communication ?
Surely some of that $ 100 000 could go into keeping their supporters updated ?
Lastly , Diaspora is designed to be P2P based , focusing on nodes with the ability to self host data for ultimate privacy .
In other words extremely geeky , if the development does actually complete then at raw best , geeks will have a new social network .
That ’s best case scenario , because I do n’t see the majority of internet users rushing out to get web hosting just to be able to socialize on the web .
There will be publicly hosted versions of Diaspora , but how exactly is that different to Facebook ?
Are the privacy concerns really addressed ?
Should Diaspora be thanking Pivotlabs for their free coffee , or thanking us ( the planet ) for the fish !
Not music related … AT ALL … but I just cant stop laughing about this hide - in - the - closet - with - a - banana - in - your - mouth - holding - a - TV prank .
Is that German ?
Can anyone translate what they are saying to him ?
I am quite curious what can you tell a guy for him to willingly stick a banana in his mouth , grab a TV and get in a closet VOLUNTARILY .
Here are a couple of random songs :
Arcade Fire – The Suburbs
’ Arcade Fire – The Suburbs.mp3 ′
Graffiti6 – Stare Into The Sun
’ stare into the sun.mp3 ′
Fanfarlo – Finish Line
’ fanfarlo_finishline.mp3 ′
Miami Horror – Moon Theory ( Punks Jump Up Remix )
After learning the basics of R , I decided to learn something harder last week .
I picked Social Network Analysis ( SNA ) to learn the concepts of SNA and R .
My primary interest in SNA is visual exploration of networks , so I needed to find a tool first .
Which tool to use for visual SNA ?
Features needed :
1 ) graphical representation of network
2 ) visually navigate the graph ( zoom in / out , drag ) to explore large graphs
3 ) manipulate the graph ( filter nodes , edit / delete / group nodes and same for edges )
4 ) free , preferably open source .
I ’m not currently interested in commercial tools ( ca n’t justify their steep price tag for my experiments ) .
I found out that R has good libraries like SNA ( checkout Drew Conway ’s tutorial ) and iGraph ( see this tutorial ) for social network analysis .
However , they lack features to deal with large graphs ( nodes > 200 , edges > 500 seem to make the process slow and the plots unusable ) , navigate and manipulate the graph visually .
All I could do was plot simple networks ( shown below ) .
photoshop for graphs “ .
So I continued my hunt for a good tool for visual SNA and discovered Gephis , an open source app for visual exploration .
Think “ “ .
WARNING : SNA with Gephis is addictive .
I ’ve had my share of sleepless nights and dreams of nodes and edges
After you download Gephi , checkout Gephi quick start guide to get your bearings .
I played with Gephi for several hours to learn it ( its kewl ) and to impress my daughter ( her dad is no fireman , who saves people , but he can do nifty things with a computer 😉
I was able to discover interesting facts from the data , including : – Avg. degree : the number of edges / connections attached to a node
– Network diameter :
The longest path between the nodes in the graph
– Average path length :
In how many steps ( on avg ) can one can reach any node from any other node in the graph
– Degree power law :
The higher this number , the more unequal is the distribution of connections within the network , which means that some nodes are very well - connected and some are not at all
– Average clustering coefficient :
Shows how well the nodes are embedded in their neighborhood i.e. is there a “ small world ” effect within the network
– Modularity :
The higher this parameter , the more defined are the communities within the network .
A result of 0.4 or more is usually considered meaningful
– Betweenness centrality was calculated for each node , which shows how often the node appears on the shortest path between any two random nodes in the network .
The higher this parameter , the more influential the node is .
The nodes which have high betweenness centrality are not necessarily the ones that have the most connections and do n’t have to be the most “ popular ” ones
Here ’s a video of Gephi features ( older version )
Gephi Features
Tour from gephi on Vimeo .
I was also able to discover interesting patterns in the data , like the communities that emerge , popular people and the connectors .
See the graph below to see nodes with different colors ( communities ) , size ( popularity ) and how most connections between the two communities flow through a few nodes ( connections )
Web rendition of these graphs is also possible .
Checkout this visualization of Perl authors ( you can drag the graph with left click and dragging your mouse ; you can zoom - in / out on the graph with your mouse wheel )
Lessons learned so far :
– I quickly realized that you need a good machine for using Gephi effectively ( a good video card , enough memory and fast CPU )
– There is a great , active community behind Gephi , so expect frequent releases to resolve critical issues and new features .
I ’m waiting for this month ’s release that fixes some issues I ’ve faced 🙂
If you know of other tools to visually explore graphs , please leave a comment .
Which network data I used ?
There ’s a wealth of network data available today , including social networking sites , phone logs , work history , chat logs , email logs etc .
I decided to create test data for email traffic to test the hypothesis of “ who we send emails to or receive emails from ” is a good indicator of our social network .
My test data has 50,000 + nodes and 150,000 + edges .
I used R to create the create data for graph .
R is good at handling millions of rows of data and is powerful for data manipulation ( cleaning , creating edge lists , adjacency matrix etc. ) .
I used it to format raw email traffic test data into graph formats ( edgelist , adjacency matrix etc . )
It took me a couple of hours to write code for creating the data set to feed into Gephi .
Using R to solve a real need has been a good learning experience so far .
Leave a comment , if you ’re interested in seeing the code .
Like all great internet hijinx , it started on 4 chan 's anarchic /b/ message board .
Late Sunday — shortly after Bieber was photographed with visible nipples and Kim Kardashian — 4 chan users pushed " Justin Bieber Syphilis " to the top of Google Trends .
So they Googled it , and so it was .
How it got there — and how the rumor continues to grow — is a study in the rumor - mongering power of Google Trends .
Around midnight , 4 chan 's Google Trend bombers pushed " Justin Bieber Syphilis " to the top of Google Trends ' " Hot Searches " list .
They did it with this message , posted in 4 chan 's infamous /b/ comment board :
Go to Google and search ‘ Justin Bieber Syphilis ' .
Let 's get this to be No. 1 searched phrase on Google Trends .
Use an autoclicker or macro if possible and get others involved .
Unlike a death rumor , this will be hard for him to disprove .
Obviously , Justin Bieber does n't have syphilis .
But if you trend it , they will come .
When " Justin Bieber Syphilis " made it to # 1 , the blogosphere began to buzz .
The logic went something like this :
If it 's trending , people must be curious about it .
Thus , a rumor exists .
Thus , I should take the phrase " Justin Bieber Syphilis , " put a question mark at the end , and turn it into a blog post .
Like so :
Justin Bieber Syphilis ? [ Celebrity Smack Blog ]
Does Justin Bieber Have Syphilis ?
[ Allie Is Wired ]
Justin Bieber Syphilis Rumors [ Hollywood Dame ]
How Did Justin Bieber Get Syphilis ? [ Guyism ]
Justin Bieber Has Syphilis [ Buzz Tab ]
Justin Bieber Syphilis : Are the Rumors True ?
[ Trending Daily ]
And therein lies the genius of a Google Trend prank :
Web editors live and die by Google Trends , because they think they can use it to make their blog posts popular .
( Give the people what they want ! )
The outcome , in this case , is a reverse - engineered rumor in the manner of the " Did Glenn Beck Rape and Murder a Girl in 1990 ? " hoax :
Whereas most rumors start by people saying X is true , reverse - engineered rumors start with the message People are saying X .
As it repeats , people eventually ask , Is X true ?
which is a message in and of itself .
That a precious few will inevitably conclude , X is true , is icing on the cake .
" Justin Bieber Syphilis " stayed in Google Trends ' coveted # 1 slot until 2AM , when the death of a microwave breakfast impresario replaced " Justin Bieber Syphilis " with " Jimmy Dean . "
[ Politically Illustrated , 4 chan , image via Insight News & Features ]
My mum's on Facebook .
She constantly leaves messages for me on the social networking site , reminding me to put my bins out , or water my houseplants – even though I 'm 27 and have lived away from home , unscathed , for 10 years .
She also does it to my little sister , who suffers a constant stream of web - nagging .
My dad 's on Facebook too , but he does n't leave me messages .
I can't see his profile , just a blurry photo and the stern injunction : " You must be friends with this person to see his full profile . "
This is because we are not friends – either online or in real life .
We have never even met .
My father was gone from my mother 's life before I was old enough to be aware of his existence and , as far as I know , has never attempted to get in touch with me or offer any support in my upbringing .
This is n't particularly unusual , certainly in my generation .
I consider my mum 's long - term partner , who came into my life when I was 13 , to be my father in every practical sense of the word .
Although I was an angry teenager I have never felt particularly anguished about my biological father 's lack of interest .
If divorced - child trauma were measured by a scale , like earthquakes , mine would barely register – just a tremor really .
I 've got lots of family on my mum 's side – plenty for anyone .
But a few months ago , as I logged on to Facebook , my eye was caught by a familiar surname in the " People You Might Know " application .
This little box points out to the user people with whom you have friends in common .
It was my father 's surname that I glimpsed , which is reasonably unusual , and the first name Lee - Anne .
The thumbnail - sized image was not of a person but a grainy black - and - white pattern .
Without even thinking I clicked on her name , and because Lee - Anne left her profile public , so anyone can see it , I was taken straight to her page .
My eyes slid down the page .
She 's younger than me .
She lives in the same town .
She 's pregnant .
And in the space of two or three minutes I realised that she is my half - sister .
Facebook has another helpful feature – an add - on application that lets people display a family tree on their profile page .
She had filled in her father 's name .
It 's the same name as my biological father .
There was another thumbnail picture , which I could n't really make out because it was tiny .
There were more photos , one captioned " Dad " , which I clicked to enlarge .
I was breathing shallowly .
I have my mum's hair , her mannerisms and her ways of speaking .
We look a lot alike .
Everyone says so .
But here was a man with the same eyes , eyebrows , cheeks , even ears , as mine .
This was my father , the man I had never known , and there he was staring back at me .
The shock of it hit me suddenly , and I felt tears running down my cheeks as I read the comments he had left on Lee - Anne 's wall – how excited he was about his impending first grandchild , how he hoped to make it back to Wales to see her very soon .
I was so overcome that I switched off the computer and retreated to bed , where I lay awake with my mind in overdrive .
Two months later , I have turned into an online stalker .
That first accidental glimpse has turned into a low - level obsession .
I check Lee - Anne 's Facebook page every day , reading her complaints about the discomforts of late pregnancy .
I have followed a link to a video blog that my father updates regularly with clips of himself doing karaoke and telling jokes .
I now know where he lives , works and drinks , all information I never had before and all just from looking at web pages .
I have n't got in touch , but I can't seem to do the sensible thing and consign the web bookmarks to the recycle bin .
I am fascinated by these people even though I know that what I 'm doing is borderline odd .
I do n't want to meet a man who is only biologically my father , but I can't stop watching him either .
I like the fact that I know more about him than he knows about me .
I can satisfy my curiosity , without the fear that he will reject me .
Nothing has actually changed in my life – and yet everything is different somehow .
And this week , Lee -Anne had her baby .
I 'm an auntie .
She has already uploaded hundreds of photos to her Facebook page and I have been sitting at my computer , watching this brand - new person 's life unfold over the first few days , feeling an odd combination of excitement and horror .
I hope Lee - Anne 's boyfriend will stick around to raise this child .
Out of sight , out of mind is not an option for absent fathers anymore , at least not for mine .
I am watching him now , and I can't seem to stop .
Names in this article have been changed .
• To respond to this article or if you have a story to tell about your life email my.story@theguardian.com .
If possible , please include a phone number
The new Snap web framework for Haskell is now packaged for Arch Linux .
You can install it automagically with , e.g. :
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿$ sudo bauerbill -- trusted - users arch - haskell -- build - as $ USER -- noconfirm -- aur - S haskell - snap - server
And dive into the quick start :
$ cd /tmp $ mkdir site $ cd site $ snap init $ cabal install $ site 8000
Then visit http://localhost:8000/ to serve up your new web project .
Enlarge By Patrick Semansky , AP Workers collect oil and debris that washed up onto a beach in Grand Isle , La. , Saturday .
ROBERT , La. ( AP ) 
Anger grew along the Gulf Coast as an ooze of oil washed into delicate coastal wetlands in Louisiana , with many wondering how to clean up the month - long mess — especially now that BP 's latest try to plug the blown - out well wo n't happen until at least Tuesday .
Officials are considering some drastic and risky solutions :
They could set the wetlands on fire or flood areas in hopes of floating out the oil .
But they warn an aggressive cleanup could ruin the marshes and do more harm than good .
The only viable option for many impacted areas is to do nothing and let nature break down the spill .
More than 50 miles of Louisiana 's delicate shoreline already have been soiled by the massive slick unleashed after BP's Deepwater Horizon burned and sank last month .
Officials fear oil eventually could invade wetlands and beaches from Texas to Florida .
Louisiana is expected to be hit hardest .
" Oil in the marshes is the worst - case scenario , " said Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , the head of the federal effort to contain and clean up the spill .
Oil that has rolled into shoreline wetlands now coats the stalks and leaves of plants such as roseau cane — the fabric that holds together an ecosystem that is essential to the region 's fishing industry and a much - needed buffer against Gulf hurricanes .
Soon , oil will smother those plants and choke off their supply of air and nutrients .
GULF : Obama names chairmen of oil spill commission MAP : Oil slick growing in the Gulf SCIENTIST : Spill 's impact on wildlife is like a ' train wreck '
RELATED : Engineers nix using hair to soak up Gulf oil spill
In some eddies and protected inlets , the ocher - colored crude has pooled beneath the water 's surface , forming clumps several inches deep .
With the sea floor leak still gushing hundreds of thousands of gallons a day , the damage is only getting worse .
Millions of gallons already have leaked so far .
Coast Guard officials said Saturday the spill 's impact now stretches across a 150 - mile swath , from Dauphin Island , Ala. , to Grand Isle , La .
Over time , experts say weather and natural microbes will break down most of the oil .
However , the crude will surely poison plants and wildlife in the months — even years — it will take for the syrupy muck to dissipate .
Back in 1989 , crews fighting the Exxon Valdez tanker spill — which unleashed almost 11 million gallons of oil into Alaska 's Prince William Sound — used pressure hoses and rakes to clean the shores .
The Gulf Coast is just too fragile for that : those tactics could blast apart the peat - like soils that hold the marshes together .
Hundreds of miles of bayous and man-made canals crisscross the coast 's exterior , offering numerous entry points for the crude .
Access is difficult and time - intensive , even in the best of circumstances .
" Just the compaction of humanity bringing equipment in , walking on them , will kill them , " said David White , a wetlands ecologist from Loyola University in New Orleans .
Marshes offer a vital line of defense against Gulf storms , blunting their fury before they hit populated areas .
Louisiana and the federal government have spent hundreds of millions rebuilding barriers that were wiped out by hurricanes , notably Katrina in 2005 .
They also act as nursery grounds for shrimp , crabs , oysters — the backbone of the region 's fishing industry .
Hundreds of thousands of migratory birds nest in the wetlands ' inner reaches , a complex network of bayous , bays and man-made canals .
To keep oil from pushing deep into Louisiana 's marshes , Gov. Bobby Jindal and officials from several coastal parishes want permission to erect a $ 350 million network of sand berms linking the state 's barrier islands and headlands .
That plan is awaiting approval from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .
If large volumes of oil make it through passes , the cleanup will become far more difficult as oil spreads into the bayous and canals .
Smaller spills have been occurring in the marshes for decades .
In the past , cleanup crews would sometimes slice out oiled vegetation and take it to a landfill , said Andy Nyman with Louisiana State University .
But with the plants gone , water from the gulf would roll in and wash away the roots , turning wetlands to open water .
Adm .
Allen said that where conditions are right , an " in-situ burn " could be used to set oil - coated plants ablaze .
Nyman and other experts , though , warn it 's trickier than simply lighting a fire .
If the marsh is too wet , the oil wo n't burn .
Too dry , the roots burn and the marsh can be ruined .
Representatives from BP PLC — which leased the sunken rig and is responsible for the cleanup — said Saturday that cleanup crews have started more direct cleanup methods along Pass a Loutre in Plaquemines Parish .
Shallow water skimmers were attempting to remove the oil from the top of the marsh .
Streams of water could later be used in a bid to wash oil from between cane stalks .
In other cases , the company will rely on " bioremediation " — letting oil - eating microbes do the work .
" Nature has a way of helping the situation , " said BP spokesman John Curry .
But White , the Loyola scientist , predicted at least short - term ruin for some of the wetlands he 's been studying for three decades .
Under a worst - case scenario , he said the damage could exceed the 217 square miles of wetlands lost during the 2005 hurricane season .
" When I say that my stomach turns , " he said .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A teenager who'd been sent shopping by his mum came back after downing mind - bending LSD tablets convinced he was a tiger .
The 18 - year - old - from Horchst , Germany - kept hospital staff at bay for five hours , hissing , clawing and walking on all fours before the effects of the hallucinogenic drugs had worn off , say police .
For more German stories visit www.germanherald.com
Imagine a man who just completed a wildly successful year back at work after taking a year off due to a brutal injury .
He had one chance and one year to prove himself , and he did just that .
Though his company was n't successful , he was a bright spot for the guys this year .
During the year , his wife told him that she was pregnant with their first child , news that made his comeback that much more special .
As he put the wraps on the year and headed off for some rest and relaxation , his employer gave him some great news - he'd been nominated for a man - of - the - year award at work .
It really was shaping up to be the best year of his life .
His child came into this world on May 5th , and the couple named her Lila .
She was beautiful , the culmination of everything that he 'd dreamt of , worked for ... lived for .
At that moment , his world was , for lack of a more descriptive word , perfect .
Five days later , his world came crashing down -- Lila passed away .
In a flash , his world was thrown upside down .
Far from being perfect , it was now the opposite .
A day before , he was filled with joy for a variety of reasons , but now there was pain .
Condolences and well - wishes poured in from his colleagues and those who read of Lila 's death in the papers .
This is father 's day for Kurtis Foster .
His day is one of remembrance .
His off - season is going to be filled with workouts to stay in shape , on - ice drills to stay sharp , contract negotiations with a new team and maybe a Masterton Award .
Through it all , he 's going to have to battle constant thoughts of the daughter that he 'll never get to know and find a way to focus on the task at hand , else he risks losing everything he 's worked so hard to recover .
If you do n't think thoughts of Lila weighs heavily on Kurtis Foster during his daily routine , ask Jose Theodore .
Theodore lost his infant son Chace in August after Chace was born prematurely in June .
The baby boy fought bravely for fifty - four days before giving in to a mysterious and unknown disease .
Theodore spent every day in the Children 's National Medical Center neonatal intensive care unit with Chace , trying to will him through his battle .
Tarik El - Bashir asked Theodore if a day goes by without him thinking about Chace :
" There 's not a day .
I can remember sometimes , it could be a 2 - 2 game , and you start thinking about your son , or you start thinking about different stuff .
Or you could be getting dressed [ in pads ] and trying to get focused and you get carried away thinking .
Christmas was much tougher .
It 's as simple as seeing kids around .
You could be in the game and you see a dad in the stands with his son and you think about it .
It 's about being strong enough to get focused right away so you do n't ... You do n't accept it , but you have to find a way to live with those thoughts . "
Most people have to live with the thoughts and get on with their daily lives .
Theodore had to get on with his daily life , which consisted of training for a professional sport and playing a professional sport where 220 lb men charge at him at 25 miles per hour , unleashing shots that travel in excess of 90 miles per hour .
He needed to maintain a level of concentration to allow him to play at the highest levels , and he struggled to do so .
But Theodore battled back to establish himself as an NHL - level goaltender again , something many doubted could ever happen as recently as the end of last season .
In the midst of this , Theodore established a charitable organization , Saves for Kids , that will benefit the Children 's National Medical Center 's neonatal unit and help other parents that will one day be in the same position that the Theodore family was in for two long months .
Two men - two young men - will struggle with the deaths of their children on this day and every day going forward .
But age does n't make it easier .
Brian Burke , General Manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs , knows this well .
Burke lost his son Brendan to a car crash in a snowstorm in Indiana on February 5th .
Brendan was just 21 years old .
Brian was especially proud of his son because just months earlier , he had come out and told the world he was gay .
That he came out was not news - it happens thousands of times each year on this continent .
That he came out while being part of a major college athletics program is news .
The strength that Brendan showed in coming out is something that should make any father , actually , every father proud and Brian was no exception :
... this takes guts , and I admire Brendan greatly , and happily march arm in arm with him on this .
So when Brendan passed away just months after showing Brian exactly the man he'd developed into , it was a crushing loss for the Burkes and the hockey world as a whole .
Brian promised that he would march with Brendan in the Toronto Pride Parade on July 4th , and has decided to keep his promise to Brendan , even after his passing .
Like Theodore and Foster , Burke is still trying to cope with Brendan 's passing .
Three months after Brendan 's death , Brian was the keynote speaker at an event designed to bring attention to http://mygsa.ca/, a website designed to help gay children to cope with and feel safe from bullying :
Halfway through his speech yesterday , Mr. Burke braced himself to say some words about Brendan .
" I probably wo n’t be able to do this ... " he began .
His eyes welled up .
He turned from the microphone , unable to continue .
The talking heads always say events like these put things into perspective .
That these events will put athletics or our own trivial problems in the proper place .
But they never do .
We are all self - interested beings , skipping from one circumstance to the next , stopping only when something affects us personally .
We note what 's happened , send along our condolences and wait for the next piece of life to overtake us .
But on a day like this , it 's worthwhile to look back at things like these , to understand the events that shape men , to understand the depth of the human experience and hopefully take something meaningful from that time of reflection : the perseverance of a man to continue the daily grind so that he does n't lose all that he 's worked so hard for ; the drive of a father to make sure that others do n't suffer through a child 's death from an unanswered cause ; the pride of a leader in his son and the resolve to take his message to others so that they wo n't experience fear .
Father 's Day is a celebration of all things Dad .
But for three NHL men , Father 's Day is going to be a day of distant stares , followed by hard swallows that snap them back to reality .
Reverent silence and speechless but meaningful glances will take the place of smiles and cute greeting cards for these Dads .
Each of them will be thankful for the time that they had before their loss , and most of us should be thankful that we do n't have to bear their burden and feel their pain .
So let us celebrate those that have gone before us , those that are still with us , and those who are yet to come .
Los integrantes de la SCJN llegaron a la conclusi�n de que se utilizaron pruebas ilegales o insuficientes para acusar a los 12 integrantes del FPDT de un delito que no cometieron
JUSTICIA
Los ministros acordaron girar un telegrama a los penales en donde se encuentran recluidos los atenquenses para que sean liberados de inmediato .
( Foto : Archivo )
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 30 de junio de 2010
Carlos Avil�s | El Universal
12:47
Rage Against
The Machine have hinted that they may record a new album following their free gig in London ’s Finsbury Park .
The band played the show as a thank you to fans after beating The X Factor contestant Joe McElderry to the top spot last December .
They have now told NME they may use the momentum to get back in the studio to make their first new album since 2000 ’s ‘ Renegades ’ .
Advertisement
“ I think it ’s a genuine possibility , ” said singer Zack de la Rocha of recording a new album .
“ We have to get our heads around what we ’re going to do towards the end of the year and finish up on some other projects and we ’ll take it from there . ”
The band are set to play the O2 venue in Dublin tomorrow ( June 8 ) before headlining the Download festival on Saturday ( 12 ) .
Get this week ’s issue of NME , on UK newsstands nationwide from Wednesday ( June 9 ) , for an exclusive interview and a behind the scenes report from Rage Against The Machine ’s ‘ victory ’ gig .
Ready to test your European finance minster identification skills ?
Been brushing up on your transnational CEO - spotting ?
Then it 's time to play the Bilderberg 2010 special edition of Spot the Delegate !
Have a look through the photos and leave your guesses here .
Do n't forget to watch out for the delegates ' white lanyards ( security staff have red , conference staff green , and , we think , personal security folk have orange ) .
There are no prizes – it 's just a bit of fun .
Fingers on buzzers !
Please note : if you 're getting stuck , you might want to think about using the list on bilderbergmeetings.org , a site which seems to have appeared from nowhere overnight
The first women to serve on U.S. submarines will begin officer training this summer .
Although the cadets and their officers are excited about the historic change , not everyone is excited .
Navy wives , worried about their men , have begun to complain .
Advertisement
Around 20 women will begin a 15 - month training session this summer , which will end with their first trip on a submarine in early 2012 .
The history - making officers are all set to graduate from the U.S. Naval Academy this spring .
The Associated Press interviewed some of the female sailors , and their quotes are downright heartwarming ( watch a video of the first women chosen for sub duty here ) .
" I did n't want to get excited yet , " said Midshipman Abigail Gesecki , of when she first heard that a policy change might allow her to serve on a sub .
" And then it happened , and I was like : Wow !
I 'm in shock .
It was a little bit of a feeling of shock that everything that I really wanted I got .
It does n't always happen that way in life . "
However , they also briefly note that wives of sub sailors have questioned the new policy , and taken to message boards to voice their concerns about having their hubbies in such close quarters with women for up to 90 days at sea .
Back in February , a thread started at CinCHouse.com ( tagline : " Where military wives and women in uniform are ' Commanders in Chief ' " ) about the change in navy policy .
User " Jimmy 's wife " began by asking :
I am sure you all heard .
Women will now be allowed on subs .
What do you other submariner wives think .
I personally do n't think it is a good idea because our men suffer enough down there and should n't have to deal with women on top of it .
Obviously there are a lot of other reasons I am against it but more because of the problems in general and not on a personal level .
What do you other subby wives think ?
Advertisement
It is unclear what she means by " deal with women " on top of it ( maybe because we 're the weaker sex ? ) , but other commenters were n't so cryptic .
A couple women bring up practical concerns , like the issue of using the same bathroom ( the Navy has already addressed this concern by adding two - sided gender signs to the doors , which will allow sailors to know who is using the facilities and give them due privacy ) and differences in medical needs .
A couple users , like " eodwife " express their happiness about the " push toward equality for female service members . "
And then there are comments like this :
I would think about how would she shower , the times where she is on her cycle , and yes , the moral side would be the tempation to cheat on wives .
Yeah it takes 2 to tango , but there are just as many women as men that like to get down .
I have come across a few ladies in the service that will make it loud and clear she wants your man and will get him too !
However , if he really is your man then she can want him all she wants and he will never cheat on you .
BUt on the flip side , some women will flirt and occassionally " accidently " rub against the guy , or " accidently " allow her chest to rub up against his ...
I think that is where the moral issue may come into play [ sic ] . ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
You actually have to feel a little bad for this commenter .
If she thinks all it will take to get her husband to cheat is a woman in close proximity , she might want to reexamine her relationship before turning on the enlisted ladies .
Strangely , the question of whether women should be allowed on subs is often spoken of as though it is a " moral issue . "
Jason Mason , a retired officer who served on four submarines , wrote in a letter to a Navy blog that he , too , fears physical contact with women .
" It is impossible to pass in most passageways or working areas without turning sideways to pass one another .
It is almost inevitably that some form of physical contact will occur [ sic ] . "
He goes on to point out that one can't very well ask men to keep their hands off their woman co-workers because that would be telling them " do n't act human . "
Under the guise of " realism , " Mason puts voice to the same fears that many navy wives expressed ; they expect sex to take over in the place of reason , and for the submarine to act as a catalyst for hedonism and harassment .
It is as though the very presence of women is considered a corrupting agent , an evil temptation that will bring down the upstanding men with their breasts and menses and whatnot .
Oh , and did I mention they 're worried about periods ?
Commenters over at NavyForMoms.com brought up a couple issues , including the fear that women wo n't have proper hygiene .
They also batted about the idea of having all submarine women on birth control .
" Arwen " said :
If you can't keep your legs together ( and there are always a few to give all women a bad name ) , it only makes sense to be on birth control .
However , there is another VERY good reason to be on birth control while on a ship .
Birth control pills also keep cycles stable .
Even if I was n't going to be stupid and have sex on a sub ( there really are no private places on a sub for such a thing to happen ) I would use the birth control pills just so my cycle would remain under control .
Even better is Depo Provera , which , in many women , completely eliminates the menstrual cycle .
Advertisement
Leaving aside the get on birth control , sluts message , there could very well be an issue with women becoming pregnant on board .
But would this really be any worse than female soldiers becoming pregnant in a war zone ?
And , as Rear Adm .
Barry Bruner pointed out in an interview with FoxNews , less than 1 % of women in the Navy have become pregnant while on surface ships , so the medical aspect of their protests may be largely unfounded .
And fortunately for the 20 women set to serve in 2012 , the Navy seems dedicated to making things work , even if that means taking a little extra time to iron out the details .
" Anytime our culture has made progress there are challenges associated with it , " Bruner said .
" So there are challenges with this .
But if there 's anything that I 've learned in my time in the service , it 's that we make no changes without a lot of forethought and a lot of detailed planning . "
First Female Officers Headed To Subs Feel Blessed [ AP ]
Women To Start Serving On Submarines - But Not Everyone 's On Board [ FoxNews ]
First Women Chosen For Sub Duty Excited [ Washington Post ]
Augusta Social Security Disability Lawyer
Divorce Attorney — Augusta , Georgia
At Stephen H. Hagler LLC , we represent individuals throughout Georgia with divorce and other domestic issues , wills and estate planning , probate and guardianship matters , and in Social Security Disability concerns .
Stephen Hagler has been serving the Augusta area since 1991 and has the required legal knowledge and necessary skills to get the best results possible .
The process of obtaining Social Security benefits can be complex .
It includes filling out numerous forms and obtaining the necessary medical records and reports , which may seem manageable , but often becomes quite overwhelming and burdensome .
There is a lot of work involved in the process .
The entire process takes time .
But you do not have to worry .
Let Stephen H. Hagler LLC do the worrying for you .
Contact us by e-mail to schedule your free consultation .
We do the worrying for you .
We do the work .
We do our best to get results .
We know the work involved in obtaining Social Security Disability ( SSD ) ( also referred to as Social Security Disability Insurance ( SSDI ) ) , and Supplemental Security Income ( SSI ) .
We will gather the relevant medical documentation and make certain that documentation is properly filed and reviewed by the Social Security Administration .
We have been representing people in Georgia and South Carolina for all their Social Security Disability needs since 1991 .
People turn to us for help with Social Security Disability benefits because we see every case through to the very end , with care and personal attention .
We do our best to get results .
Family & domestic law representation in Georgia
We help families resolve their disputes
You can rely on our law office to provide representation for all of your family law concerns , including :
Attorney Stephen H. Hagler is a dedicated and compassionate lawyer who will fight to protect your interests and the best interests of your children .
We also offer estate planning and probate services for those who need them .
We offer free consultations
We are committed to making our services convenient .
We are willing to come to you if you are not able to get to our office in Martinez , Georgia .
To schedule a free consultation , call us at ( 706 ) 860-9060 or send us an e-mail .
All Social Security Disability and Supplemental Security Income cases are handled on a contingency basis , which means we do not charge unless we get results .
With regards to the gender question , I advise feminist revolution June 23 , 2010
Posted by Summerspeaker in Feminism
Over on the IEET website , Kris Notaro contemplates the sex distinction .
We need to see more on this subject within transhumanism .
Reminiscent of Anne Fausto - Sterling ’s Sexing the Body , Notaro focuses on biological complications that undermine the binary .
The piece charmingly avoids the common pitfall of simplistic genetic determinism .
Notaro optimistically concludes that the scientifically demonstrated complexity of gender identity will soon lead to a postgender society .
Sadly , I do n’t think male supremacy will politely stride off into the sunset .
Dudes benefit too much from the privilege .
Nor is the scientific establishment universally interested in queering things up .
Popular evolutionary psychology appears hellbent on bolstering the binary .
I suspect we ’ll have to take an old - fashioned approach .
It ’s not as if we have the time to wait , anyway .
The patriarchy is a global human rights crisis .
En la investigación de las causas de los accidentes , las tres palabras mágicas palabras ¿ Por qué ?
¿ Por Qué ?
¿ Por qué ?
son muy valiosas .
Por cada acto inseguro , hay una razón .
Por cada condición insegura , hay una razón .
Éstos se llaman las causas básicos , o raíces , y deben buscarse , identificarse y corregirse .
Sólo rectificando las causas fundamentales se evita la repetición de un evento similar .
No debería ser ninguna sorpresa para los investigadores de accidentes cuando se dan cuenta de que , en la mayoría de los accidentes , las personas han cometido actos inseguros .
Esto es realmente pan comido .
La investigación a fondo de accidentes a fondo se preguntará por qué la persona cometió el acto inseguro .
En un análisis inmediato de las condiciones inseguras , la misma se pregunta : ¿ Por qué esta condición insegura aquí ?
El riesgo de esta técnica básica de análisis de la causa es que se abre una caja de pandora y se revela la verdad .
No todo el mundo quiere oír la verdad .
¿ No sería mucho más simple culpar el accidente al acto inseguro del empleado , tomar las acciones necesarias , y , después de haber pasado por los movimientos , regresar a lo de siempre ?
Al profundizar en las causas básicas de los accidentes , se expone el sistema de gestión de seguridad , al igual que posibles fallas en la adecuación de liderazgo y estilo .
Qué pasa con los comportamientos de los directivos ?
¿ Quién , después de todo , es responsable de proporcionar un área de trabajo segura ?
¿ Quién , después de todo , es responsable de las acciones de los empleados ?
La investigación a fondo de accidentes es precaria , y hay que advertir a la gente de no investigar accidentes a menos que quieran involucrarse en un escándalo político interno .
Las monedas tienen dos lados .
Los accidentes , también , tienen dos lados .
La investigación a fondo se verá en los dos lados y no sólo el camino más fácil de culpar el acto inseguro del trabajador .
Los administradores manejan seres humanos .
Los seres humanos cometen errores .
Porque
cometen errores no significa necesariamente que tienen toda la culpa por sus errores .
Si estos errores se definen como actos inseguros , entonces la Gerencia tiene la oportunidad de entrenar , capacitar , orientar , educar y motivar a los empleados para reducir el número y la frecuencia de actos inseguros que se cometen .
The oil spill is the first major test of presidential leadership for President Barack Obama , a crisis that happened on his watch .
As oil flows , can Obama reverse field ?
He ’s done this before .
Whether on health care reform or the Christmas Day terror attempt , President Barack Obama has a history of last - minute saves :
Under fire for being too slow off the mark , he roars in with a flurry of activity to show he ’s on the case .
Advertisement
Obama tried it again this week with the BP oil spill , and it seemed to help — – briefly quieting his critics and stabilizing a situation that was rapidly slipping out of his control .
But unlike health reform or the terror watch list , Obama ca n’t declare victory and move on .
The final test of the actions he set in motion over the past four days is weeks or even months away , and his perils - of - Pauline moment could be short - lived if he falters on the follow - up .
“ A week from now , if we ’ve seen some really good improvement , and they ’re moving forward on the action items that we talked about , I ’ll be the first person to commend them , ” Sen. George LeMieux ( R - Fla . ) said in an interview after meeting with Obama and his top aides Tuesday in Pensacola .
“ But at the same point , if a week from now nothing is improving and we only see marginal improvement , if any , I ’m going to be their largest critic and loudest critic . ”
Obama is also battling the split - screen on television — – him at the presidential podium or at a concert in the East Room , juxtaposed with video of gushing oil , at Day 60 and counting .
“ That could go on until September , ” said Douglas Brinkley , a presidential historian and professor at Rice University , referring to the August target for relief wells to stop the oil flow .
“ Until that thing is capped , the president is going to be in trauma mode , and then you ’re making big leaps [ of faith ] that the relief wells are going to work , that there ’s no further ruptures , that a hurricane is not going to blow that into the wetlands . ”
The public is skeptical too .
More than half of 534 adults — or 58 % — surveyed by CNN / Opinion Research Corp. on June 16 said they lack confidence in the government 's ability to prevent another oil spill .
And a staggering 68 percent of respondents were " not confident " that the government can restore the Gulf of Mexico .
It ’s difficult to tell whether Obama ’s actions this week — from his two - day Gulf Coast trip to getting BP to set up a $ 20 billion escrow fund to pay claims — will eventually be enough to change the public ’s mind about his response , eight weeks into the disaster .
The oil spill is the first major test of presidential leadership for Obama , a crisis that he did not inherit , like the recession and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , but that happened on his watch .
And by many accounts he foundered .
The White House has defended Obama ’s handling of the spill , saying his efforts this week were part of a focused response that started on Day One of the leak .
“ This is n’t a school play .
We ’re not down in the Gulf today just to get pretty pictures , ” White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said on NBC ’s “ Today ” show Tuesday when asked about Obama ’s more public posture .
“ We 're down there to meet with local officials to talk with small business owners and hotel owners to find out what we can do to make this response even better .
That ’s been the focus of the president for the entirety of this accident . ”
But it ’s not the first time Obama has faced questions about his leadership — or heat over his response to a problem .
With health care , Obama stayed on the sidelines for months , even as Democrats clamored for him to get more involved , and even as the bill , long a dream for his party ’s liberals , had to endure a number of near - death experiences and media obituaries .
A last - minute push aided by Obama got it finished .
Last December , Republicans slammed Obama for seeming unwilling to disrupt his Hawaii vacation at the time of the attempted Christmas Day attack by the “ underwear bomber . ”
He did n’t speak before cameras about the incident for several days .
When Obama did return to Washington , he stepped up his media appearances , ordered high - level reviews of the incident and eventually acknowledged shortcomings in the response and in the terror watch list .
The public now gives him higher marks for handling terrorism than some domestic issues .
When unemployment hit 10 percent in October , Obama was being faulted by some for being so focused on health care that he had taken his eye off the economy .
He quickly convened a jobs summit at the White House and later kicked off a monthly White House to Main Street tour of the country .
Even amid all the criticism on BP , the president has done little to hide his belief that the Obama ’s - not - doing - enough story line is a press corps creation — fostered by the 24 - hour news media he disdains .
“ You know , what I think I get frustrated with sometimes , as do , I suspect , other members of my team , is that the media specifically is demanding things that the public are n’t demanding , ” the president told POLITICO in an interview last week .
“ What the public wants to see is us solving this problem .
And that may not make for good TV . ”
But that did n’t stop him from deciding it was time to appear more personally involved .
He has gone big picture — tapping a respected former Mississippi governor to oversee a long - term restoration plan for the Gulf Coast and naming a new Minerals Management Services director as an oil industry watchdog .
He delivered his first Oval Office address and convened a face - to - face showdown with BP executives at the White House that yielded the $ 20 billion claims fund and $ 100 million more to help oil workers displaced by the government ’s moratorium on deepwater drilling .
Obama did n’t spare the gritty details this week either — announcing an initiative to ensure the safety of Gulf seafood and assigning deputy incident commanders in each Gulf Coast states .
“ Certainly they look like they are more on top of the crisis , but it ’s going to be a while to see if the anger people feel towards Washington and leadership generally begins to ebb a bit , ” said Norm Ornstein , a political scientist and resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute .
One of Obama ’s loudest critics , Democratic strategist James Carville , even praised his efforts this week .
“ Look , we have a long way to go before this Cajun stops ragin ' .
But just as I hammered the White House when I thought they were too lackadaisical , honesty compels me to praise the president for his concrete , significant — and eloquent — action , ” Carville wrote in an op - ed on CNN ’s Web site .
Obama also may have gotten a boost Thursday when Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) called the BP escrow fund a “ shakedown ” of the oil giant and labeled it a “ $ 20 billion slush fund . ”
Barton has since apologized for the remarks , but some Democrats believe the damage is done .
“ The notion that a Republican leader would stand with BP against money going to help the poor people in the Gulf is like manna from heaven for a president , ” said Ornstein .
Fred Greenstein , a political science professor at Princeton University who studies presidential leadership , credited Obama with recovering some ground in recent days — calling his week “ a solid double . ”
“ It ’s not a grand slam , ” Greenstein said , unlike , say , a besieged President Bill Clinton ’s turning - point moment in Oklahoma City after the devastating bombing .
Greenstein also said he believes Obama can get through it .
“ Overall , it ’s a little bit like the situation where the health care bill was counted out , that this was going to be the doom of his presidency , and it was n’t , ” Greenstein said .
“ I do n’t think these images are as firmly anchored as we would expect . ”
Brinkley said Obama is in less political trouble , because he still has support from Democrats , than he is in a leadership crisis .
“ People feel he did n’t move with lightning fast decisiveness , ” Brinkley said .
“ He seemed to always be about two weeks behind the media on the spill , instead of standing on top of the story and owning it . ”
“ It ’s been a lot of catch up lately , ” Brinkley added , “ and I think this week is seen as a way to kind of even the playing field , to stop getting behind . ”
Obama ’s challenge in coming weeks and months is to keep up the progress — in part by pushing for a comprehensive energy bill .
Another visit to the Gulf Coast is a near certainty , and LeMieux said he wants Obama to return to Florida to update officials on specific concerns raised in their discussion , such as the need for more skimmers in the Gulf .
“ He needs to show that he is not just flying above at 30,000 feet , ” LeMieux said , “ but that he is in at the details and that he is pressing people for results . ”
King of Shapes
Place objects on the screen so that the colored shapes stay above the line for a few seconds .
Then , remove wooden blocks so that the shapes land in containers of the same color .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - BP ’s oil spill could make for one of the highest - stakes U.S. Gulf hurricane seasons on record .
Todd Farrar with SCAT ( Shoreline Cleanup Assessment Team ) , MST 3 Nicole Tainatongo with the U.S. Coast Guard and Tyler Hardy with MDEQ ( Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality ) walk at the beach looking for signs of oil in Pass Christian , Mississippi May 12 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Sean Gardner
Storms may scuttle clean - up efforts , force containment vessels to retreat , or propel spilled crude and tar balls over vast expanses of sea and beach , scientists said .
Meteorologists say that climate conditions are ripe for an unusually destructive hurricane season , the storm - prone period that runs from June 1 to the end of November in the Gulf .
Oceanographers say that could hurt the clean - up .
“ If a storm comes into this situation it could vastly complicate everything , ” said Florida State University oceanography professor Ian MacDonald .
“ All efforts on the shoreline and at sea , the booms and structures and rigs involved in clean - up and containment , could stop working . ”
As thousands of spill responders gird for a clean - up that could last for months or years after the leaking well is capped , weather and ocean currents are emerging as major unknowns , raising anxiety levels , economic and environmental stakes in the Gulf as storm season nears .
Compounding the uncertainty is how little research has been done on how storms affect oil spills .
Some believe storm surges may help disperse the oil off shore or break down the slick .
Other research suggests the oil slick itself could keep storms from gathering strength .
Recent Atlantic Basin readings showed water temperatures up to 0.8 degrees Celsius above normal , and near a record high for the season .
El Nino , which creates wind shear that can prevent Gulf hurricanes from forming , has recently subsided .
The factors could spur major storms in the Gulf this year .
“ It only takes one storm to wreak havoc , ” said Chris Shabbot , a meteorologist at Sempra in Connecticut .
“ The consensus forecast is for above average storm activity as the El Nino ( event ) decays and the Atlantic is as warm or warmer than 2005 . ”
Colorado State University ’s renowned team of forecasters is calling for an above - average hurricane season that may bring 15 named storms this year , eight of hurricane strength .
Accuweather ’s Joe Bastardi also fears a destructive season .
“ I hate to say it since the oil spill is already affecting people , but I think this hurricane season is going to be big , ” he said in an interview .
The next official hurricane season outlook from the government ’s National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is due on May 20 .
STORMS AND CURRENTS
Miles and miles of booms have been placed offshore along the Gulf Coast to help stop the slick from making landfall .
Amid the menacing forecasts , oceanographers and spill - responders are considering how storms and deep ocean currents would affect the movement of spilled oil , which authorities say could soon hit land in Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama or Florida .
The U.S. coast of the Gulf of Mexico spans some 1,680 miles .
The spill , gushing an estimated 5,000 barrels a day from a subsea oil well 50 miles south of Louisiana , has formed a thin oil slick that covered more than 1,200 square miles in late April , according to Louisiana State University researchers .
The slick has been harder to define this month , and may be shrinking , LSU professor Nan Walker said .
Lurking under the sea surface , viscous tar balls are forming , facilitated by wave activity , as the heavier hydrocarbon molecules gradually sink toward the sea - floor , a process that can take months , scientists said .
Experts are having trouble modeling how the oil will react in water since BP has n’t disclosed exactly what kind of crude is spilling .
Lighter oil evaporates quicker and is more easily dispersed by chemicals .
Heavier crude can be more damaging to marine or bird life , but it could sink faster or be easier to contain .
As many as 520 vessels are already responding to the spill throughout the Gulf , according to U.S. authorities .
Efforts to stop the spill involve drilling relief wells from a seaborne rig , which BP says could take three months .
The company is also trying to cap the leak with a metal funnel on the sea - floor , to gather oil into a giant hose connected to a storage ship above .
Both of those efforts could be disrupted by tropical storms , which can force evacuation of oil and gas rigs throughout the Gulf .
Peter Niiler , an oceanographer at the Scripps Institution in San Diego , has researched how even winds caused by a low pressure cycle can displace floating scientific buoys from waters near Florida to Texas in less than a week .
“ Anything on the ocean surface , including oil , can move very fast and just about anywhere that wind or currents push it , ” Niiler said .
The oil slick might even reach waters and shores abroad , scientists and foreign authorities warned this week .
Mexican officials say if the spill persists into the fall it could reach Mexican beaches along the country ’s Gulf Coast , the site of famed tourist destinations like Cancun .
Some of the spilled crude should make its way into the LOOP current , a deep ocean stream that transfers heat from the tropics to higher latitudes and becomes the Gulf Stream .
“ If you look at it , the LOOP current could lead that oil right to Havana , Cuba , ” said Florida State ’s MacDonald .
After sweeping near Havana , the LOOP current continues toward the Florida Keys and the Gulf Stream heads up the U.S. Eastern Seaboard .
Some researchers said a wider dispersion of the spill may be good , and storms could help that process along .
Researchers at NOAA , in a report last week , said the oil slick may also help to impede storm formation by preventing heat transfer from sea to air .
“ There are two important issues here : the effect of hurricanes on the spill , and the effect of the spill on hurricanes , ” said Doron Nof , professor of oceanography at Florida State University .
“ I think what a hurricane would do is break up the oil spill , making it even harder to clean up , ” he said .
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Anna Gunn , Anna Gunn interview , Skyler White , Breaking Bad , Deadwood
Interviews Home / TV Home / Bullz - Eye Home
When an actress takes on the role of a wife in a TV series where the thrust is on the husband , it ’s always a crap shoot as to whether or not her character is ever going to get developed to her satisfaction .
Anna Gunn , however , did n’t take any chances with “ Breaking Bad . ”
Armed with the knowledge that the show would require her to work away from home for an extended period of time , she laid it on the line with series creator Vince Gilligan and basically said , “ If this character is n’t going to be worth my time , then I ’m not interested . ”
He assured her that , although she had a wait in store , the character of Skyler White would indeed be developed to her satisfaction …and , lo and behold , the third year of “ Breaking Bad ” proved to be Anna Gunn ’s season to shine .
Bullz - Eye had a chance to chat with Gunn in conjunction with the finale of Season 3 , and we discussed in detail the evolution of Skyler during the course of these 13 episodes and what it was like for her as an actress to tackle such meaty material .
And do n’t worry , “ Deadwood ” fans : we also managed to get in a few questions about Martha Bullock , the movies that never happened , and what it was like to work with Ian McShane .
Anna Gunn : Hey , it ’s Anna Gunn !
Bullz - Eye : Hey , how are you ?
AG : I ’m okay , thanks !
BE : I understand we ’re on the same coast at the moment .
You ’re filming in South Carolina right now … ?
AG : Yeah !
BE : I ’m up in Virginia , a.k.a.
Vince Gilligan territory .
AG : ( Laughs )
That ’s right , it is !
BE : Well , you and I met briefly back in January .
I was on the set for the next - to - last day of shooting for Season 3 …
AG : Oh , right , sure !
BE : … which means that I ’ve finally gotten to see some of the scenes that I was there to see you guys film .
Of course , at the time , I had n’t even seen the season premiere yet .
Well , Skyler certainly had herself quite a year .
" The affair with Ted ... was sort of a reaction of anger toward Walt , and it was really out of both rage and desperation .
She just needed somebody to hang onto at that particular time .
And then I think she realized , ' Oh , that ’s not what I wanted to do .
That ’s not going to help anything , ' and then she has to go through this painful thing of saying , ' I ’m sorry , we should n’t have gone there . ' "
AG : Yeah , she did .
( Laughs )
Excuse me for my scratchy voice .
We ’re shooting this movie , and I ’ve filmed once in the South , and it is hot …and I mean hot !
And most of it ’s a road movie , so I ’ve almost completely lost my voice .
( Clears throat )
But , yes , it ’s been a great season .
It ’s been a really surprising turn of events from the beginning , with what I thought was the bold and great decision for Skyler to immediately , in the first episode , say , “ You ’re a drug dealer . ”
I do n’t think many people saw that coming that fast …or at all .
So that was great .
BE : I know it had at least been a topic of discussion about how long it was going to take Skyler to find out about Walt ’s dealings .
I think it was Vince who said , “ Skyler ’s a smart woman .
She ’s going to figure this out , so we ’re going to have to deal with it sooner than later . ”
AG : Yeah , and I think he was right .
I really do .
I think that that was the best decision , because we all knew that one of the biggest challenges we had was that he made her a smart woman and a savvy woman from the beginning , and then trying to keep that kind of person in the dark for two seasons … it was challenging for all of us .
But I think it was the right time to illuminate it for her .
BE : I talked to Dean a couple of weeks ago , and he commented on how you guys never used to get much in the way of advance notice on your storylines , but there was finally a little bit of warning this time around .
AG : Yeah , there was , and that was nice .
I mean , Vince used to sort of try to talk to us a little bit about it , saying , “ Here ’s the general outline of what ’s going to happen , ” and then sometimes things would really change , because that ’s what happens in the writer ’s room .
You maybe start going down one road , and you say , “ You know what ?
Let ’s veer off on this path over here . ”
And so he stopped telling us quite so much , because he did n’t want people to get disappointed or to get hooked into one thing .
For me , I actually sort of embraced the not - knowing , because it ’s quite like life : you do n’t ever really know what ’s coming around the corner .
BE : .
So with that being the case , how much information did he provide you with as far as Skyler ’s progression over the season ?
Because she went from not knowing to knowing , then she ’s filling in the blanks , and now she ’s practically an equal partner .
AG : Right .
Well , he told me from the beginning … I mean , from when I was first going to go into the role , before I went into the network to test with it , because of the fact that it ’s shot out of town half the year , I wanted to make sure there was going to be something interesting that was going to happen to this character .
Often , there ’s a wife role that can be sort of not necessarily anything that goes anywhere , and I just wanted to make sure …
I thought , “ Does he have a plan for it ? ”
And his plan was so wonderful , and he just summed it up very quickly for me .
He said , “ Skyler is going to be kind of like Carmela Soprano , in terms of the fact that we have a crime story , but she ’s going to eventually sort of be in on the crime , ” which you can see by the end of the season , when she says , “ I want to be the Danny . ”
Which is the best line ever .
( Laughs )
But , yeah , I knew it from the beginning , and I just had to be patient and wait for it , because I did n’t know when it was going to come .
I think , actually , that at the beginning when we were prepping for the season , he said , “ She ’s going to find out , ” but I do n’t even know that he told me how quickly and abruptly she was going to find out .
So it was kind of wonderfully surprising for me .
I was , like , “ Wow ! ” Brian directed that episode , and he does his homework very thoroughly and likes to sit down with all of us and talk through the scenes and get ideas about what might be happening beforehand , because it ’s a challenging thing for him to have to be in the scene and direct it at the same time .
It ’s sort of like being on the inside and the outside of it .
So we really talked through that whole scene very , very specifically , about the layers of what ’s going on , and we discussed the fact that Skyler comes in with … the statement , “ You ’re a drug dealer , ” is really just a suspicion .
She has n’t had him followed , she has n’t investigated it , she does n’t know for certain , but she ’s pretty sure that that ’s got to be it .
And then she just watches him for , y’know , “ Are you going to lie again , or am I going to see the truth finally ? ”
And I really love that that ’s the way it was written , and that ’s the way we sort of peeled away the layers into it , because it was about … for two seasons , she ’s been saying , “ Something ’s wrong .
What ’s wrong ?
You ’re doing something .
What are you doing ? ”
And he kept looking her in the eye and saying , “ I ’m not doing anything .
I love you .
Everything ’s fine , and nothing ’s going on .
I just like to take long walks and disappear for days at a time .
It ’s fine . ” ( Laughs )
And then she finally gets him .
I thought that moment , when you see in his face that he can’t lie any more and that the jig is up , was terrific .
I love that .
BE : So what was the challenge of playing her at the different levels of realization ?
At the beginning , she has the perhaps misbegotten fling with Ted , then she realizes that it was more or less a mistake , and …
AG : Yeah , you know , it was actually … it was both a liberating season , in that way , and kind of difficult sometimes .
The thing the writers kept saying was , “ Skyler is put into an impossible position during much of this season . ”
She ’s been in the difficult position of not knowing and being in the dark but with the audience knowing , and that was challenging to play , but this season , because Walt put her in such an impossible position , and her family … nobody around her understood why she kicked him out , why she was doing what she was doing .
And she has to kind of take the part of being the bad guy .
When we ’re playing that stuff , it kind of seeps into you sometimes , and it was affecting , because I felt that …I thought they wrote it really subtly and really beautifully that she kept being backed into a corner more and more and more .
Like in the episode where she calls the police , and she ’s saying , “ I will do this , I will tell them , ” but when it comes down to it , and her son ’s standing there , she can ’t , because she does n’t want to do that to him .
She knows that that will have ramifications and repercussions for the rest of his life and her life , that it would be the end of everything , and she just does n’t know what step to take , so she ’s really trapped by him .
We kept talking about that sense of her being trapped and not knowing where to go and what to do and not having anybody to tell about it except when they finally gave us the scenes with the divorce attorney , which I thought were great .
Finally , a confessor !
Like going to a priest , she was able to go , “ Finally , I can say this to somebody ! ”
And then the affair with Ted , that was her reaction .
It was sort of a reaction of anger toward Walt , and it was really out of both rage and desperation .
I think that , at that point , she was feeling , like , “ I do n’t have any control over my life , I ’m not able to manage any of this , and I have to keep it all inside . ”
And I think it was sort of an acting - out on her behalf , both in anger and in a kind of …she just needed somebody to hang onto at that particular time .
And then I think she realized , “ Oh , that ’s not what I wanted to do .
That ’s not going to help anything , ” and then she has to go through this painful thing of saying , “ I ’m sorry , we should n’t have gone there . ”
BE : It felt very much to me that , in the first half of the season , she was constantly doing things and saying , “ I do n’t know what I should do , so I ’m going to do this , ” only to subsequently go , “ Whoops , I should n’t have done that .
Now what ? ”
AG : Exactly .
BE : But then , in the second half of the season , she suddenly found herself in her element .
She ’s , like , “ Okay , I ’ve got a story that I can make work , there ’s a job that I know how to do … ”
Basically , she became empowered about halfway through the season .
On Skyler meeting Saul : " It was really nice to have the scene with Bob , because the combination of those two characters is ridiculous .
There ’s his line about having ' just the right amount of dirty , ' and she just looks at him , then she looks at Walt , like , ' Really ?
This is your money launderer ?
Nice work there . '
So , yeah , it was a lot of fun , that scene . "
AG : Yeah , that ’s right .
I think that ’s a really good assessment , and that ’s really true .
I did n’t know they were going to go there .
I knew that eventually it was going to get around to that general area ; I just did n’t know when and how .
So when she finally did get the chance to sort of gather herself , and then , of course , the meeting with Saul , which was so much fun to play … ( Laughs ) Yeah , I think you ’re right .
She ’s somebody who ’s … she ’s run the household , she ’s been in charge of a lot of things , and that ’s who she is .
Then , as you say , she finally got the opportunity to say , “ Wait , I can do something here , and I ’m going to put my two cents in . ”
She finally realized , “ I can either run with my kid , I can turn him into the police , or I can deal with the situation as it is . ”
For the writers , I think the challenge was , first of all , you create a show about a man who ’s a good man and who ’s always been a good family man and a moral person and kind of a milquetoasty guy and has flown under the radar for all of these years , and then he becomes a criminal .
Then , you have to bring in his partner , and how do you realistically make that happen ?
And I think that they took their time with it , and they slowly gave her enough pieces of her personality so that when she finally came around to it , I think the audience said , “ Oh , yeah ! ”
You know , setting up the whole bookkeeping thing , and the fact that she ’s always the one looking at the finances of the family and trying to make sure that the bills are paid , and she ’s saying , “ Here ’s how we ’re going to pay the hospital bills . ”
I did n’t necessarily know each step of the way that that was being crafted , but it ’s nice to see it when you finally look at the picture , and you go , “ Ohhhhhhh ! ” Each piece of the puzzle adds up .
BE : Well , we did n’t actually see it onscreen , but did you work up in your head exactly when and where Skyler came up with the story about the money coming from Walt ’s gambling earnings ?
Like , did she just wake up in the middle of the night with the epiphany , “ Oh , my God , this is what we ’re going to do ” ?
AG : Yeah , basically , I did .
That ’s pretty accurate .
I thought that it was probably when she was sitting in the hospital , actually , that it occurred to her , during those long waits where it was Skyler , Marie , Walt , Jr. , and Walt waiting in the waiting room , wondering what ’s going to be said and what ’s going to happen .
She ’s never seen her sister like that before , ever , so I think that there ’s the sense of powerlessness that she felt throughout much of the season , and then she watches her sister in that position , and then she says , “ Wait , something actually good can come of this . ”
And I thought it probably occurred to her while she was sitting in the hospital and feeling like , “ I do n’t know what to do , I do n’t know how to help them . ”
You know the scene where Marie is talking to the insurance adjuster and the doctor , and they ’re saying , “ I would n’t go out of network ” ?
I think much of America must ’ve been watching that , going , “ That sounds familiar … ”
BE : Hey , I ’ve got a daughter who was in vitro , and we had to go out of pocket to have her , so I ’m very sympathetic of anyone who has to go outside of their insurance to do something .
AG : Right !
And it ’s obviously such a big issue in our country , and I think that they …again , that scene , if you look at that carefully , you can see Skyler realizing that Marie is about to lose it , that she might not be making the best or most rational decisions , and she knows that they do n’t have the money and how intense the situation is , and how critical it is at that point , basically .
I think that ’s when she starts wracking her brain , and I think it is a light - bulb sort of thing : “ Oh , my God , now I know what we can do ! ”
But the other great thing about that scene is that she not only creates that lie for Marie , but she makes sure to tell it right in front of Walt… ( Laughs ) … which was pretty fun , because there are so many levels for what ’s going on for her in that scene .
When she ’s lying , she ’s doing the best job she can to create a plausible lie for Marie , and it sounds so implausible that she knows what she has to do to pass it .
But at the same time , some of those phrases that she chose are really for Walt ’s benefit , like , “ Was n’t that something , Walt ?
Do you remember that ? ”
It ’s her way of kind of going , “ How does it feel now ? ”
BE : As I say , I ’ve seen the last two episodes of the season , and I particularly love the scene from the next - to - last episode , where you ’re outside the house and just going back and forth and back and forth , each of you trying to maintain your power base as you ’re talking .
AG : ( Laughs ) Yeah , I know .
I mean , do n’t you think that a lot of the season , between the two of them , is that kind of , “ Who ’s got the upper hand ” ?
BE : Absolutely .
And that felt almost like the culmination of it .
AG : Exactly .
It ’s a negotiation .
And Bryan and I …we obviously love working with each other .
I use the analogy that it ’s like playing tennis with a really good tennis player : you hit the ball over the net , and they return it with a spin that you did n’t expect , and then your game is raised , and it ’s a lot of fun .
We enjoyed playing that game a lot .
( Laughs )
BE : And for the final episode …well , I was obviously there when you filmed the flashback sequence .
AG : Oh , that ’s right !
You were there !
So you saw our wigs and everything …
BE : … and I remember that you were freezing cold , because you were wearing the sun dress .
AG : Oh , yeah .
It was so cold .
And… ( Hesitates ) … did you not have a jacket that day ?
BE : ( Bursts out laughing )
Actually , that was n’t me .
That was our editor - in - chief , Jamey Codding .
" ( Ian McShane ) had those long , long , two or three page monologues so often , and one night he said to me , ' You know what ?
If you get one ‘ cocksucker ’ in the wrong place , you ’re really screwed .
People sometimes think that it ’s just a random thing with learning the ‘ cocksuckers ’ and all the rest of it , but it ’s not .
It ’s very specific where each one goes . '
So , y’know , he had a technical prowess with them . "
AG : Okay , because I was , like , “ Who ’s the crazy guy with no jacket ? ” ( Laughs ) Yeah , and now I feel like I ’m in the opposite situation , because I ’m filming in the Southern heat , and the crew is all from here , and they ’re , like , “ This is nothing ! ”
And I ’m going … ( Groaning ) “ I ’m going to melt ! ” But , yes , it was freezing the day we filmed that .
And I enjoyed that flashback .
I thought that was an important thing , because we never see Skyler and Walt in the good old days , and Bryan and I have asked , “ What was it about these two people that brought them together ?
What was it that they loved about each other ? ”
We ’ve only seen them through the challenging times , so it was nice to have that little piece of something where you see them at the beginning of things , before everything kind of went wrong , when they were both really still filled with hope .
BE : So that was the reasoning behind including that scene , then ?
AG : I do n’t know .
That was my sense of it , that , yeah , it was to show that she ’s expecting their first child , he ’s doing really well at work , he ’s full of a kind of confidence and certainty about his future and his ability to have a great life .
And I think it ’s sort of a heartbreaking scene , because when you first meet him in the pilot , he ’s a man who ’s obviously been kind of beaten down by life in a lot of ways and has no sense of empowerment at all .
I thought it was a really nice bookend to kind of go back to the beginning , in a way , to when they were starting out , before life dealt them the cards it dealt them and took them to the place where he was a person who would say , “ I ’m going to do this .
This is what I have to do , because I have no other choice . ”
BE : Not that “ Breaking Bad ” is a story which lends itself to a happy ending , but when he made the comment about wanting to have three kids , I was , like , “ Man , would n’t it be nice if the very last scene of the very last episode had him saying , ‘ C’mon , baby , let ’s go make that third kid ” ?
AG : ( Bursts out laughing ) I never thought of that .
That might be good !
You should suggest that to Vince .
Just do n’t suggest that I ’m seen pregnant on camera again , because I ’ve had it with the pregnancy suit .
When I saw the flashback and I saw that I was pregnant in that , I said , “ Vince , you really like seeing me pregnant on camera , do n’t you ? ”
And he laughed .
But , yeah , your guess is as good as mine as to where it all ends up .
I have no idea .
BE : So , now , are you guys still waiting for a Season 4 pick - up ?
AG : No , we got it .
BE : Oh , great !
AG : Yeah , we got it , and we ’re not going back into production until January of next year … which is a little bit longer of a hiatus than usual , but that ’s fine : it ’ll give the writers a good chance to do what they do and allow for pre-production and all of that .
BE : And make the fans wait and wait to find out if Gale was shot or not .
AG : I know , I know .
Exactly !
( Laughs )
It ’s a long time to wait .
But I think that , in the interim , there ’s talk of doing some of those webisodes things .
Stuff to keep the audience up , so it ’s not such a lengthy deprivation !
BE : Okay , I ’ve got one more “ Breaking Bad ” question , and then I promised I ’d ask a couple of “ Deadwood ” questions …
AG : Oh , yes !
( Laughs )
BE : … but when I talked to Bob Odenkirk back in January , he made a comment about how he was excited about the opportunity to work with some of the other actors for a change .
Was it nice to finally get to have a scene with him this season ?
AG : It was really nice to have a scene with Bob , because I also felt like I ’m often …well , at least for the first two seasons , I was always at home , and most of my stuff was obviously with the family .
So it was nice to have the scenes with Ted , so that Skyler could spread her wings a little bit , but it was also really nice to have the scene with Bob , because the combination of those two characters is ridiculous .
( Laughs )
There ’s his line about having “ just the right amount of dirty , ” and she just looks at him , then she looks at Walt , like , “ Really ?
This is your money launderer ?
Nice work there . ”
So , yeah , it was a lot of fun , that scene .
It was funny .
BE : Is there anyone else in the cast that you ’d like to have the chance to work with more ?
AG : I would like to work with …the Cartel .
No , I ’m just kidding .
BE : You and the Cousins , right ?
AG : ( Laughs ) Yeah !
Look , if the Cousins were still around … I mean , when they were around , they were just amazing guys .
The way they looked , and that presence , and that wonderful threatening thing that Vince wrote for them …
BE : I referred to it in my blog as their “ bad-assery . ”
AG : That ’s right .
They were bad - ass .
But … I do n’t know .
You know , actually , I would really like to work more with Giancarlo ( Esposito ) .
His character is so interesting , and we had the one scene in the hospital , when he comes and says , “ Hey , I ’m the one giving a lot of money to this cause . ”
But he was across the room , and we did n’t really have much to do with each other directly .
But he ’s a wonderful actor , he ’s really complex , and I like watching even what he does physically with himself in playing that role , because there ’s something he does where he ’s almost coiled up like an animal : calm , very still , but looks like he ’s ready to spring at any moment .
I was watching that happen when we were in that scene , and I thought , “ Oooh , that would be interesting . ”
He ’s a very thoughtful actor .
BE : Given that today ’s the first day of Emmy voting , I have to ask : are you at least considering the possibility that you could get a nod in the Lead Actress category ?
AG : Um…boy , that ’s , uh …
BE : I ’m not asking if you ’re hoping you ’ll win .
I ’m just asking if you ’re hoping that you ’ll at least get nominated .
AG : Yes , of course , I hope I ’ll be nominated .
That would be very nice .
But , y’know , those are really icing - on - the - cake things , so …you feel , like , “ That would be really nice , ” but I want to keep myself grounded … ( Laughs ) … and know that there are a lot of wonderful actresses who have wonderful shows .
And you never know .
I have no idea how that stuff works , so I sort of leave it up to the universe for that .
But , yes , it would be lovely .
BE : Well , I ’ll keep my fingers crossed .
You certainly deserve it , especially this year .
AG : Thank you very much .
BE : Okay , now for the obligatory “ Deadwood ” questions .
AG : Yes !
BE : Obviously , there ’s no point in asking about the status of the movie , since we all know it ’s dead , but how far did talks get on the movie ?
AG : It did n’t get very far .
The announcement that we were going to do those two two - hour movies was done when …well , when it was announced that we were canceled , the fan base was so unbelievably upset about it !
( Laughs ) I do n’t know if you knew this , but they took out an ad in Variety , saying , “ Dear HBO , how dare you ?
You should bring this back immediately , or we ’re all going to cancel our subscriptions ! ” ( Laughs )
And I think that HBO did n’t necessarily expect that , so there was a sense of , like , “ Okay , well , maybe we can wrap things up , ” because I think people just felt cheated .
They wanted to see the culmination of a lot of the storylines .
So I think finally there was some sense of , “ Okay , maybe we can do this , ” but once the cast dispersed and started doing other projects , and everybody was scattered , I think we all realized that it would be very hard to get that group back together at the same time .
And I think David Milch was on to , obviously , “ John from Cincinnati , ” and then to other projects , so ... I do n’t really know if there was anything really that started to be in the works about it , but we all thought it would be wonderful and were excited about it .
And people still come up and say , “ Do you think that ’s gonna happen ?
Are we ever gonna see that ? ”
And I say , “ Well , I do n’t think so , but I guess there ’s always a possibility that it could come back around . ”
I certainly would like to see what happens with a lot of those characters .
BE : Did you have any sense of where Martha ’s character would go had the series continued or had the movies happened ?
AG : Well , you know , David told me when I came in to talk about the role with him that he always saw “ Deadwood ” as , besides the obvious elements of Swearengen and the sheriff and the good and bad and that sort of thing , a simple story of a man who falls in love with his own wife .
That ’s how he put it to me , and I thought that was really lovely , because they ’re two strangers that are getting married for the purposes of , “ That ’s what you do , you take on the responsibilities of your dead brother . ”
It ’s kind of a Biblical thing .
But they do n’t know each other , and they do n’t particularly like each other in the beginning … ( Laughs ) … and then they slowly get to know each other , and they slowly become very important to each other , and slowly they fall in love .
And you started to see that coming , and I think that ’s eventually where it was going to end up , because the Bullocks in real life became real pillars of that town and were involved in everything .
So I do n’t think she was really the wife of his dead brother in real life .
I think that was fictionalized .
But as to the rest of it , they really were pillars of that community , so you might ’ve seen more of that going on .
It would ’ve been interesting to see where everybody ended up .
BE : Do you think it ’d be too on the nose for you to turn up on “ Justified ” ?
AG : ( Bursts out laughing ) Yeah , suddenly showing up in a corset , talking to Tim Oliphant ?
Yes , probably .
But it would be awesome .
And sometimes I say that , on “ Breaking Bad , ” a stagecoach from “ Deadwood ” will come out of nowhere and plow down the middle of the streets of Albuquerque .
( Laughs )
But I feel lucky .
That was a wonderful show , and it was very sudden when it was canceled , but it freed me up to do this , so I feel like it was a nice piece of luck there .
BE : Do you have a favorite Ian McShane anecdote ?
AG : Well , Ian and I worked together on a play about …at least five or six years , maybe more than that , before “ Deadwood , ” so it was very nice that I got to know him .
We did a new play at a little theater in L.A. , so I knew him pretty well .
Just watching him work is really amazing , and watching him go from the role that we did in the play , which was a very different thing – it was a modern thing where I was a lawyer and he was a money man , and we had a May / December romance – and then to show up on the set of “ Deadwood ” and , since I came in during the second season , to find him fully engaged in that character was just really amazing .
You know , he had those long , long , two or three page monologues so often , and one night he said to me , “ You know what ?
If you get one ‘ cocksucker ’ in the wrong place , you ’re really screwed .
People sometimes think that it ’s just a random thing with learning the ‘ cocksuckers ’ and all the rest of it , but it ’s not .
It ’s very specific where each one goes . ”
And I went , “ Really ?
All right , then ! ”
So , y’know , he had a technical prowess with them .
( Laughs )
But it was really true .
You had to learn Milch ’s language very specifically , because it was written …
I mean , it may sound over the top to say it , but we all felt that he was such a tremendous writer and his sense of language was so amazing that you wanted to say it word for word , because it was written so beautifully …even thought we were all saying “ cocksucker . ”
And I never got to say it !
I was upset about that !
BE : Y’see , I was just getting ready to ask you if you ever had a problem with the profanity , but based on that comment , I ’m guessing not .
AG : Yes , I ’m sorry .
If this was on the air , it ’d be just , “ Bleep , bleep , beep ! ” ( Laughs ) But , no , I think I was the only one in the show who never got to swear … and I felt very left out of the fun !
BE : Last one : is there a project that you ’ve worked on over the years that did n’t get the love you thought it deserved ?
AG : Um…boy , that ’s interesting .
I do n’t know .
I mean , there were a few , but I ’m trying to think .
There were a couple of plays I did , maybe , where I felt like …y ’ know , doing theater is tough , and trying to get people to the theater in Los Angeles is tough , and I would say that there were a couple of plays that I did where there was a lot of anticipation .
I did a Shakespeare production , “ Measure for Measure , ” with Sir Peter Hall , and for any actor , working with him was such a big deal .
He was trying to start an American rep company like he did in England to do the classics , mainly Shakespeare , so we did “ Measure for Measure ” and …what else did we do ?
Well , anyway , it was about ten years ago , and I think there was this sense of how there was this historical theatrical figure coming and it was going to be a big deal .
And it was a big deal , and I think people were interested in it , but it did n’t make the big splash that I think we all hoped for .
You know , it ’s kind of tough to get people hooked into Shakespeare , and we were doing it on an enormous stage at the Ahmanson Theater in L.A. , so that was challenging .
But you know what ?
I ’m never really disappointed .
I mean , you ca n’t have expectations .
You just have to do the work and enjoy it and feel lucky for it .
It ’s hard not to be disappointed if it does n’t get the acknowledgement that you want or the audiences that you want , but if you ’re proud of what you ’ve done and had a good time doing it , that ’s all you can really ask for .
The rest of it is out of your control .
Now , it ’s taken awhile for me to really understand it when I say it and to really be convinced of it … ( Laughs ) … and that ’s why , with awards and anything else , I feel like it does n’t have anything to do with me .
It ’s something that happens that ’s outside of my control , and I feel lucky already because I have a job that I really love doing , and I get to do it .
I feel like just being a working actor is really … sometimes I just go , “ Wow , I ’m really just happy to be doing that . ”
It ’s nice to be able to do what you love to do .
BE : Believe me , I know where you ’re coming from : it took me 15 years after getting my journalism degree to get this job .
AG : Exactly .
Do n’t you just sometimes think , “ I ’m really lucky ” ?
BE : I absolutely do .
Well , it ’s been really great talking to you , Anna .
Thanks for making the time to chat with me .
: Thank you !
You , too !
Even for dedicated video gamers who dropped countless quarters and callused their fingers playing Mortal Kombat on arcade machines and home consoles , it has probably been a while since they thought about that nearly 20 - year - old fighting series and its 1990s - era film and television adaptations .
Until last week , when a mysterious “ Mortal Kombat ” film began making making its way around the Web .
In the eight - minute short , the mystical ( and outlandishly gory ) video games had been transplanted to an all - too - real world in which heroic characters like Jax and Sonya were everyday beat cops ( played by Michael Jai White and Jeri Ryan ) seeking villains like Baraka and Reptile , transformed from supernatural monsters into grotesque serial killers .
With no credits on the video clip – which racked up nearly 4 million views on YouTube alone – viewers were left to wonder whether the trailer was a viral promotion for a new Mortal Kombat game or leaked footage from a new Hollywood movie .
In fact , the film is the handiwork of Kevin Tancharoen , a 26 - year - old director whose credits include the 2009 remake of “ Fame ” and the reality series “ The Pussycat Dolls Present : The Search for the Next Doll . ”
Sensing that no studio would let a music and dance guy make an action movie like “ Mortal Kombat , ” Mr. Tancharoen and his crew made the short in a weekend in April on a budget of about $ 7,500 .
( He swears on a stack of game cartridges that its leak to the Internet was accidental . )
Mr. Tancharoen spoke recently to ArtsBeat about the creation of this project and how he grew up as both a dance and video - game geek .
These are excerpts from that conversation .
Q .
Were the Mortal Kombat games a big part of your adolescence ?
A .
Huge , huge part of my adolescence .
I was a very , I guess you could say , typical , Asian , nerdy child .
So of course I loved Mortal Kombat .
I would go to the Sherman Oaks Golf Castle .
It ’s basically a miniature golf place , but I never went miniature golfing because they have an arcade in there .
I wasted so much money – well , I would n’t say wasted because I loved it – I put so much money into these Mortal Kombat machines .
And my parents were cool with it .
Yeah , it was very bloody , but they knew I was able to differentiate it .
Q .
What about the “ Mortal Kombat ” movies ?
A .
The first film , I did enjoy quite a bit .
Was it the “ Mortal Kombat ” that I wanted to see ?
Not 100 percent .
Because they really watered it down .
The one thing that surprised me was the fact that Christopher Lambert played Raiden .
I was like , What happened ?
I thought Raiden , the god of thunder , was Asian or Japanese .
There were no fatalities , and there was barely any Scorpion or Sub - Zero .
They were such iconic characters that there was a part of me that was a little upset .
I like to say it ’s gratifying - campy .
It worked for the tone of that movie .
The second one , I think a lot of people have harsher opinions of .
Q .
How did you go from being a game - obsessed kid to a dancer and a director of dance - themed projects ?
A .
When I was 5 years old , my sister was in a pop singing group , so they were all dancing in all these rehearsals .
I took karate , and while they were rehearsing , because I was such a physical kid , I tried to learn their dance routines , and I learned how to do it well .
That led to me taking more dance classes , and becoming a professional dancer .
When I was working on N’Sync and Britney Spears tours , I was doing video editing and music remixes in the recording studio .
I never wanted to be a performer , but I enjoyed being part of that world , because it was still creating something on a big , live stage .
Because of that background , I ended up doing “ Pussycat Dolls ” and “ Dancelife ” and “ Fame . ”
I know a lot of people are like , Wow , what a weird genre shift , to go from “ Fame ” to “ Mortal Kombat . ”
But to me , it ’s not a shift – it ’s what I ’ve always been aiming to do .
I just needed to find a way to get back to my nerdiness .
Q .
How long had this plan been kicking around your head ?
A .
I ’ve had this idea for probably about a year now .
And everyone just responded to it .
It was this serendipitous period of time where everyone was like , yeah , let ’s do it – let ’s just go for it .
The equipment was available .
The actors were available .
The stunt choreographer wanted to create something cool .
And we just shot it in two days .
Q .
Had you pitched the idea to any movie studios ?
A .
Very casually .
Nothing serious .
It would be as simple as , You know what would be really cool to reboot ?
“ Mortal Kombat . ”
The two things I used to say would be awesome to reboot would be “ Mortal Kombat ” and “ Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , ” because the climate has shifted to a much more gritty , realistic , darker tone .
Q .
Do you know who controls the rights to the “ Mortal Kombat ” films now ?
A .
Warner Brothers owns – I think – everything that has to do with Midway .
I know Warner Interactive is doing the new game .
I imagine that they bought the movie rights as well .
[ Warner Brothers did not immediately respond to a request for comment on this . ]
I had met with Warner Brothers on other projects , but nothing serious ever came up .
It got to this point where I was sitting in my editing bay , and I kept doing concept art for “ Mortal Kombat , ” and I was like , you know what ?
I have all the equipment .
I know the right people .
Let ’s do it .
Because people will expect me to come out with another dance movie or a musical .
If I ever want to make a genre picture , which I ’ve always wanted to do , I ’ll have to do it myself .
Q .
How did you recruit your actors for this ?
A .
I went to each of them individually , and I think they had to chuckle a little bit , because I sounded like an excited kid who just loved “ Mortal Kombat ” so much .
Michael Jai
White was kind of a blind call .
My fight choreographer knows him very well , and said , Here ’s his number .
And I gave him a call , and he responded so well .
There was n’t anyone in my mind except Michael Jai White for Jax , and Jeri Ryan for Sonya .
I was very lucky , I ’ve got to say , because it ’s really hard to get everyone ’s schedule to line up , especially when you ’re not paying anyone .
Q .
Nobody got paid for this ?
A .
Everyone worked for free .
Everyone .
Q .
Who ’s the actor who plays Scorpion ?
A .
That ’s a guy named Ian Anthony Dale , who came from a mutual friend .
He just got his pilot on NBC – he ’s one of the leads in “ The Event . ”
So very exciting .
And I ’m always looking for up - and - coming , Asian male lead actors .
I was devastated by the loss of Brandon Lee , because I thought he could have been an absolute superstar , and I do n’t think we ’ve ever really recovered from that .
Q .
There are many supernatural elements in the Mortal Kombat games and movies , and yet your film tries to take as realistic an approach as possible .
Is there a contradiction there ?
A .
Straight out , I ’ll be completely honest on why it ’s not evident in the short .
I paid for this thing myself .
I ca n’t have crazy special effects throughout the entire thing .
I essentially said , I ’m going to set up the world in a very grounded , realistic realm , and make this the prologue .
I use the analogy of “ Harry Potter , ” where you have two universes that co-existed with each other , the real world and then you had the train that sent you to Hogwart ’s .
Well , that ’s exactly what this is to me .
Once they get to the tournament , there would be all that mysticism that the game created .
But I do n’t want it to be over the top .
Because if you have these crazy fireballs , electricity , teleporting every five seconds , there ’s nothing visually stunning about it or emotionally stunning about it .
To me , the first “ Matrix ” was the only “ Matrix , ” because Neo still had boundaries .
And when he overcame the boundaries is when you got the most excited .
But this second he became this guy who could do anything , any time he wanted to anyone and no one could hurt him , it was n’t fun anymore .
I want to make sure that in this film , the special moves are treated with integrity , not just , Yeah , let ’s just do them to shock people and it will be cool .
Q .
How did your film end up on the Web ?
A .
The online thing was a complete accident .
I thought I put it on a private page to send to some colleagues , to be like , Hey , I need your opinion .
But I guess I do n’t know YouTube rules that well .
I sent it to my colleagues and then a couple hours later , it was on some people ’s Twitter and Web sites , so someone must have found it .
At that point , I could n’t really stop it .
I was like , all right , let ’s just see what happens .
I was in no way prepared to have it blasted out into the universe .
Q .
When did you put up the post that you thought was private ?
A .
Tuesday [ June 8 ] .
The Internet is a beast .
It just really moves that fast .
Q .
Did the viral success of the video bring you any closer to making an actual feature film ?
A .
I have no clue .
I wish I knew .
I wish you could tell me .
Q .
How have you been handling the online response from gaming fans ?
A .
It ’s been pins and needles .
And very exciting , and also a little stressful .
Fanboys can rip you to shreds or embrace you , because it ’s either hit or miss for them .
There ’s no lukewarm .
There ’s no , “ Yeah , yeah , he ’s kind of O.K . ” Thank God it worked out .
I knew what I made was good for me .
But who knew if my fanboy mentality was part of their fanboy mentality ?
I was very pleased .
The Organic Crop Improvement Association ( OCIA ) , which is based in Nebraska but also has a small team in China , has allegedly been banned from certifying Chinese foods as organic due to a conflict of interest , as it used government officials to inspect state - run facilities .
It is usual practice for the USDA ’s National Organic Program ( NOP ) to delegate foreign certifying bodies to inspect overseas facilities for compliance with standards that would enable foreign products to carry the green USDA organic seal .
However , the independence of the organic certification process is a large part of its appeal for consumers and food manufacturers alike .
The OCIA was a leading inspector of Chinese organic production facilities , but had already closed down most of its Chinese operations last year in expectation of the USDA ’s move , the Times said .
Organic import dependence ​
As demand for organics has increased , American farmers have struggled to keep up , leaving the organic sector increasingly dependent on imported ingredients , according to the USDA .
A departmental report flagged up the problem of squeezed organic ingredient supply last year when it said that nearly half of US organic handlers found ingredients in short supply , and in 2004 , 13 percent failed to meet market demand for at least one of their products .
Indeed , demand has been rising at a far faster rate than supply .
Although certified organic acreage has doubled in the US since 1997 , organic food sales have quintupled over the same period , from $ 3.6 bn to $ 24.6 bn last year , according to USDA figures .
This has led handlers to look to international markets for supplies – which can often be cheaper due to lower labor and input costs .
US organic demand has outstripped supply since the early 1990s – when many organic suppliers were forced to sell their products on conventional markets due to a lack of consumer demand .
Now , the most problematic supply issues are found with coffee , soybeans , milk , seeds , corn , and nuts .
The organic sector accounts for about three percent of total US food sales , and is forecast to experience “ slowing but steady growth ” ​of 19 percent to 2013 , according to market research organization Mintel .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
An Austrian archaeological team has used radar imaging to determine the extent of the ruins of the 3,500 - year - old one - time capital of Egypt 's foreign occupiers , according to the country 's antiquities department .
Egypt was ruled for a century from 1664 - 1569 BC by the Hyksos , a group of warriors from Asia – possibly Semitic in origin – whose summer capital , Avaris , was in the northern Delta area .
Irene Müller , the head of the Austrian team , said the main purpose of the project was to determine how far the underground city extends .
The radar imaging showed the outlines of streets , houses and temples underneath the green farm fields and modern town of Tel al - Dabaa .
Dr Zahi Hawass , secretary general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities , said the computer - generated images of the city , which is still buried under the ground , show a very detailed layout of ancient Avaris .
Several architectural features including houses , temples , streets , cemeteries and palaces can be seen .
The team has also been able to make out the arrangement of neighbourhoods and living quarters .
" Using such a special scientific survey to locate such a city is the only way to gain a better understanding of such a large area at one time , " Hawass said .
The team has succeeded in identifying a collection of houses and a possible harbour area .
A series of pits of different sizes are also visible but their function has not yet been determined .
The Austrian team of archaeologists have been working on the site since 1975 .
Egypt 's Nile Delta is densely populated and heavily farmed , making extensive excavation difficult , unlike in southern Egypt with its more famous desert tombs and temples .
David Cameron , Britain's new prime minister , accompanied by his wife , Samantha , speaks in front of 10 Downing Street in London on Tuesday evening .
( ( Toby Melville / Reuters ) )
Conservative Leader David Cameron has become Britain 's new prime minister , ending Labour 's 13 years in power .
Speaking from the steps of the official residence at 10 Downing Street , Cameron said Tuesday evening the Queen has asked him to form a new government and he has accepted .
Cameron will form a coalition with the Liberal Democrats .
The party 's leader , Nick Clegg , will become deputy prime minister .
" Nick Clegg and I are both political leaders who want to put aside political differences and work hard for the common good and the national interest , " Cameron said .
" I believe it 's the best way to get the strong government that we need today . "
The coalition , Britain 's first in 70 years , has agreed on a five - year , fixed term Parliament .
Both sides made compromises , including Cameron 's promise to hold a referendum on reforming Britain 's electoral system — a key demand of Clegg's .
" We are going to form a new government ; more importantly , we are going to form a new kind of government , " Clegg said in a news conference after his party 's elected representatives and executive overwhelmingly approved his decision to enter a coalition with Cameron .
Liberal Democrat Leader Nick Clegg walks to his home in London on Tuesday .
( ( Simon Dawson / Associated Press ) )
The agreement was reached after five days of negotiations .
Cameron , 43 , paid tribute to former prime minister Gordon Brown .
Cameron said Brown 's Labour government had made the country more open at home and more compassionate abroad .
Earlier , Brown tendered his resignation to the Queen effective immediately .
" My constitutional duty is to make sure that a government can be formed , " Brown had said .
" I 've informed the Queen 's private secretary that it 's my intention to tender my resignation to the Queen .
In the event that the Queen accepts , I invite her to invite the leader of the opposition to form a government . "
Brown 's resignation ended five days of uncertainty after last week 's general election left the country with no clear winner .
The Conservatives captured the most seats but fell short of the majority needed to defeat Labour under Brown .
The Conservatives won 306 of the 650 seats in the House of Commons .
Labour won 258 , the Liberal Democrats , 57 , and smaller parties , 28 , with one seat not yet determined .
Gordon Brown , accompanied by his wife , Sarah , and their sons , John and Fraser , leave the prime minister 's official residence at 10 Downing Street on Tuesday .
(( Lefteris Pitarakis / Associated Press ) )
In the past , the sitting prime minister has been given the first chance to try to form a government — even if his party did n't win the largest number of seats .
If Labour and the Liberal Democrats had formed a coalition , they would still have fallen short of a majority and would have needed support from minor parties to govern .
Brown accepted blame Monday for Labour 's loss of 91 seats in last week 's election and its failure to win a parliamentary majority .
" As leader of my party , I must accept that that is a judgment on me , " he said .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper offered Cameron his " sincere and heartfelt " congratulations , adding that Canada and Britain share a deep and enduring friendship forged by " hundreds of years of shared history , values and tradition . "
U.S. President Barack Obama telephoned Cameron , inviting him to the U.S. in July .
The pair discussed Afghanistan , Iran , and the Middle East peace process , according to a statement released by the new prime minister 's office .
Cameron also fielded a call from German leader Angela Merkel , with whom he talked about the world economy .
Experimenting With HTML5's Cache Manifest For Offline Web Applications
After playing with Safari's SQLite support for use with creating client - side databases , I thought I would try looking into HTML5's " Cache Manifest " for creating offline web applications .
The Cache Manifest is a text file that lists out all of the application resources that need to be cached in order for the given application to work without an internet connection .
The files listed in the cache manifest get stored in the " Application Cache " .
The Application cache is like the browser 's standard disk cache , but much more robust .
Once a resource is stored in the application cache , the browser will never request it from the web until the cached item is de-cached or the cache manifest is invalidated .
When it comes to using the cache manifest , I 'm less interested in the " offline " aspect of it and more interested in the beasty caching mechanism that comes with it .
Once the browsers sees the cache manifest file and gets your approval to create an offline cache , the browser then proceeds to progressively download all cachable items in the background .
As such , you can hit your homepage ( for example ) and end up getting the entire application cached .
And , once the application resources are cached , navigating around the application essential becomes a local operation , not a remote one .
To experiment with the HTML5 Cache Manifest , I created a very simple photo gallery page that lists out a few links to view higher resolution photos .
Each of the " view " pages is a ColdFusion page that dynamically loads a given photo based on the photo ID .
The HTML for the list page is rather straightforward :
<!---
Use an HTML5 doc-type .
This is required for some browsers to work properly with the offline - cache .
---> <!
DOCTYPE HTML > <!---
Add a file to the cache manifest .
NOTE : Any file that calls a cache manifest file will be automatically cached , even if it is in the WHITELIST portion of the cache manifest .
---> < html manifest="./cache_manifest.cfm " > < head > < title > Cache Manifest For Offline Pages </ title > <!---
These are the two graphics ( logo and startup screen ) use for " app mode " on the iPhone ( when the web page is put on the main screen as its own logo ) .
NOTE : This part has nothing to do with the cache manifest stuff - this is strictly related to runnin a website in " App Mode " on an iPhone .
Feel free to remove this entirely from the example .
---> < link rel= " apple- touch-icon " href=" icon.png " /> < link rel= " apple- touch- startup - image " href= " home.png " /> </head > < body > < h1 > Cache Manifest For Offline Pages </ h1 > < h3 > Pictures of Alisha Morrow </ h3 > < ul > < cfoutput > <!---
Notice that we are dynamically generating this page .
It will only be generated on the first request .
After that , this page will be coming out of the cache .
---> < cfloop index=" pictureIndex " from = " 1 " to = " 5 " step= " 1 " > < li > < a href=" view.cfm?id=#pictureIndex # " > View Image # pictureIndex #</ a> </li > </ cfloop > </ cfoutput > </ul > < p > Now : < cfoutput > # timeFormat( now ( ) , " hh : mm:ss TT " ) # </ cfoutput > </ p> </body > </html >
When it comes to the cache manifest , there are two crucial things going on here .
First , because cache manifest is part of HTML5 , we need to use the HTML5 doctype :
<!DOCTYPE HTML >
While this is not required for all browsers ( supposedly ) , it is recommended for cross - browser comparability .
The second , and perhaps more important thing that we are doing is including a link to the actual cache manifest file .
This link is defined in the HTML tag :
< html manifest= "./cache_manifest.cfm " >
This file , cache_manifest.cfm , is the file that lists out all of the cachable resources in our application :
Cache Manifest ( cache_manifest.cfm )
<!---
Define the Cache Manifest content .
I 'm doing it this way since the " CACHE MANIFEST " line needs to be the first line in the file and storing it in a buffer allows us to TRIM later without having ugly line breaks .
---> < cfsavecontent variable= " cacheManifest " >
<!---
NOTE : Cache Manifest must be the very first thing in this manifest file .
---> CACHE MANIFEST <!---
When a cache manifest is reviewed by the browser , it uses a complete byte - wise comparison .
As such , we can use COMMENTS to defunk a previously used cache manifest .
In this way , we can use a version - comment to indicate change even when the file list has not changed .
NOTE : If ANY part of this file is different from the previous cache manifest , ALL of the files are re-downloaded .
---> # Cache Manifest Version : 1.3 <!---
Let 's list the file that get cached .
The URLs to these files are relative to the cache manifest file ( or absolute ) .
---> #
Core files .
./index.cfm # iPhone App files .
./icon.png ./home.png # View Pages .
Notice that these can be dynamic pages as long # as they are valid URLs .
./view.cfm?id=1 ./view.cfm?id=2 ./view.cfm?id=3 ./view.cfm?id=4 ./view.cfm?id=5 # Images that get viewed .
./images/1.jpg ./images/2.jpg ./images/3.jpg ./images/4.jpg ./images/5.jpg </cfsavecontent >
<!---
-----------------------------------------------------
--->
<!---
----------------------------------------------------- ---> <!---
Let 's reset the output and set the appropriate content type .
It is critical that the manifest file be served up as a type " text / cache - manifest " mime - type .
NOTE : We need to be careful about the whitespace here since the very first line of the file must contain the phrase , " CACHE MANIFEST " .
As such , we must TRIM ( ) the content .
---> < cfcontent type=" text/ cache-manifest " variable = " #toBinary ( toBase64 ( trim ( cacheManifest ) ) ) # " />
When it comes to the cache manifest , there are few essential points to understand .
One , the phrase , " CACHE MANIFEST " , must be the very first piece of content in the cache manifest file .
Two , the file must be served up as the mime - type , " text / cache - manifest " .
And three , the entire cache manifest file is versioned by byte .
This last point means that if any part of the cache manifest changes , including any of the comments ( # ) , that cache is invalidated .
As this point - when the cache is invalidated - the entire list of cachable resources must be downloaded again .
Just as in a CSS file , the resource paths listed in the cache manifest can be full URLs or URLs relative to the location of the cache manifest file .
Because we are caching dynamic pages , each " dynamic version " of the page needs to be individually listed out in the cache manifest .
There are other ways to do this , but for my experiment , this was the lowest - hanging - fruit solution .
The " view " page that I am linking to does nothing more than take the given ID and dynamically generate an IMG tag .
view.cfm
<!---
Param the image ID that we are going to view .
---> < cfparam name= " url.id " type =" numeric " /> <!---
Use an HTML5 doc-type .
This is required for some browsers to work properly with the offline - cache .
---> <!
DOCTYPE HTML > <!---
Add a file to the cache manifest .
NOTE : Any file that calls a cache manifest file will be automatically cached , even if it is in the WHITELIST portion of the cache manifest .
---> < html manifest="./cache_manifest.cfm " > < head > < title > View Image </ title > </head > < body > < h1 > View Image </ h1 > < p > « < a href= " ./index.cfm " > Back to List </ a> </ p> < p > < cfoutput > < img src= " ./images/#url.id#.jpg " width= " 300 " /> </ cfoutput > </ p> </body > </html >
I am including the cache manifest link in the view page as well ; although , I do n't believe it is required .
As long as a user hits the list page first , the cache manifest will be downloaded and the view pages should be cached automatically .
I simply kept it here for good measure .
In the list page , you may have noticed a few bizarre LINK tags .
These LINK tags are specific to the Apple iPhone and are used to define the Icon and Startup screen graphics to be used when the web application is running in " App Mode " .
This is the full - screen mode that can be achieved when the given URL is added to the home screen of the iPhone .
These link tags are not relevant to the cache manifest ; but , they are indicative of where I want to go with this type of HTML5 exploration - building native - esque web applications for the iPhone .
The cache manifest seems like a very cool feature of HTML5 .
I was able to get this example running in FireFox , Safari , and on my iPhone ( did n't test any other browsers ) .
I did n't do too much with my desktop Safari research , but it was mighty awesome to see this working in Offline mode in FireFox and in Airplane mode on the iPhone .
As I have stated before , where I 'd like to go with this research ultimately , is building my Dig Deep Fitness web application to run as if it were a native application on the iPhone .
NOTE : When I first started playing around with the cache manifest , I was having the hardest time getting the offline cache to be recognized .
For two days I kept checking my spelling and my linking to no avail .
Then , I restarted my FireFox and blam - it starts working .
So , if this does n't work right off the bat , you might have to restart your browser .
Tweet This Provocative thoughts by @ BenNadel - Experimenting With HTML5's Cache Manifest For Offline Web Applications
Woot woot — you rock the party that rocks the body !
I 've been an online writer for over 11 years .
I 've been interested in raising and caring for exotic pets for quite some time .
It may look like your guinea pigs are eating poo , but they 're actually eating something else that 's crucial for their health .
Image by Pezibear from Pixabay
It 's not actually poo that the guinea pigs are eating .
However , it looks like poo and comes out of the same place .
And it 's actually vital to your guinea pig's health and well - being .
Truth is definitely stranger than fiction .
Name That Pellet
Guinea pigs excrete two kinds of dark brown pellets .
One is the poo we all know and expect , but the other is a compound of vitamins and proteins that help the guinea pig digest B vitamins .
These are called caecotrophs .
They are very similar to the cud that hoofed animals like cows , deer and giraffes produce .
These animals can't chew their food enough in order to properly digest it .
In the cud 's case , it settles in the rumen to be worked on by acids , then shot back up the esophagus for another chew .
After that , it can be digested .
In a guinea pig 's case , they do n't have rumens , so the " cud " comes out the other way for a second chew .
Caecotrophs are squishier and smellier than their poop counterparts .
You will very rarely ever see them .
If you do see them , that 's usually not a good sign .
Guinea pigs usually ingest them as soon as they know it 's about to pop out .
If you 've ever seen your guinea pig chewing after cleaning his or her behind , you now know what he or she is chewing on .
If your guinea pig does not eat their caecotrophs , they will become malnourished very quickly .
What to Do When Your Guinea Pig Is n't Eating Their Caecotrophs
Older guinea pigs , especially boars ( males ) but very occasionally in sows ( females ) , lose the muscle tone in their anus regions .
This can sometimes lead to impacted bottoms , where the poo and the caecotrophs wo n't come out .
You or a vet will have to manually ease the lump of excreta out .
The guinea pig might want to eat the lump .
Do n't stop the piggy .
In the meantime , your piggy will need some special foods to keep him or her from getting malnourished .
Toasted wheat germ is recommended , as well as water - soluble vitamin supplements ( if your piggy is still drinking normally ) .
When in doubt , call the vet , please !
Goes in as carrots , comes out as " beans . "
Rabbits Eat This , Too
Rabbits also produce caecotrophs , so if you see a rabbit munching on what seems like poo , do n't worry .
You usually wo n't see them , as the rabbit instinctively knows when it 's coming .
If you do see a lot of rabbit caecotrophs about , it 's usually not diarrhea as some older rabbit care manuals suggest .
It means the rabbit is on too rich of a diet .
If the rabbit still refuses to eat caecotrophs , then you need to see a vet .
This article is accurate and true to the best of the author ’s knowledge .
It is not meant to substitute for diagnosis , prognosis , treatment , prescription , or formal and individualized advice from a veterinary medical professional .
Animals exhibiting signs and symptoms of distress should be seen by a veterinarian immediately .
the old Elite will stick around for $ 249 and the Arcade will drop to $ 149
At first we were doubtful that a edgy box appearing in a little Flash ad from Italy last night could be legit , but Microsoft just got real with the new Xbox 360 .
( That 's all it 's officially called -- just " the new Xbox 360 . " )
It 'll launch today priced for $ 299 , while .
The new box is crazy sexy in glossy black with touch - sensitive buttons , and Microsoft says it 's " whisper quiet , " with one large fan instead of two -- the new 45 nm chipset undoubtedly generates less heat to begin with .
On the features front , it 's got integrated 2.4GHz 802.11n
WiFi , five USB ports , and 250GB of storage on a removable hard drive , although it 's not a standard drive or same drive as the old console , and older Memory Units wo n't work , either .
Upgraders can use a USB - to - Xbox hard drive connector cable to migrate to the new box , however .
There 's also a " custom Kinect port " on the back that looks like an HTC - style ExtUSB port , and it also seems like the power supply has moved inside the case , which is a welcome change .
New Xbox 360 units are shipping to retailers now , with availability expected later this week , and MS conference attendees are actually getting theirs shipped today .
If you 're in Europe , do n't fret , as yours is coming soon .
Microsoft 's official Xbox Twitter account has confirmed the console hits there on July 16 .
We just got the official fact sheet , check it after the break .
Oh , and we 're calling it the " Stealthbox " to keep all the models straight .
It just feels right , you know ?
According to a Microsoft representative , the Xbox 360 Original will still be sold while there 's stock , but they 're not making any more of them .
Once they 're gone , they 're gone -- and we 'd assume a new $ 199 variant of the new design will eventually be released to fill the void .
Image caption
The UN chief said there was a " new age of accountability "
The International Criminal Court ( ICC ) has forced governments to alter their behaviour in the eight years of its existence , the UN chief has said .
Ban Ki-moon told a summit in Uganda discussing the Hague - based court that it had curtailed impunity and had broken new ground on victims ' rights .
But he called on member countries to step up co-operation .
The ICC has five active investigations , all in Africa .
So far no - one has been convicted of alleged war crimes .
Delegates from more than 100 countries are attending the meeting , to take stock of the ICC 's achievements and push forward proposals for strengthening its rules .
' Legal revolution '
" Few would have believed then that this court would spring so vigorously into life , fully operational , investigating and prosecuting war crimes and crimes against humanity , " Mr Ban told the delegates , AFP news agency reports .
" In this new age of accountability , those who commit the worst of human crimes will be held responsible . "
Mr Ban said the time had passed when the world faced a choice between peace and justice - now states had to pursue them hand - in - hand .
But the BBC's Karen Allen in the Ugandan capital , Kampala , says the issuing of arrest warrants against serving government leaders , in particular President Omar al - Bashir of Sudan for alleged war crimes in Darfur , has prompted some critics to argue that such indictments are a disincentive to achieving peace in the world 's trouble spots .
After Mr Bashir 's indictment last year the African Union said it would halt co-operation with the ICC .
ICC INVESTIGATIONS Central African Republic
DR Congo
Kenya
Sudan
Uganda Q&A : International Criminal Court
However , the court 's chief prosecutor Luis Moreno - Ocampo says he believes attitudes in Africa are changing .
" In Africa , what I feel is that there are some leaders who are trying to change , and some leaders who are opposing the change .
And that 's the tension , " he told the BBC .
He called on the Western media to focus their attention on this change .
Mr Moreno - Ocampo said there had been a " legal revolution " since the Rome Statute - the international treaty that created the court .
He said it had affected the armed forces , governments and judges in many countries , citing the Democratic Republic of Congo , Guinea and Colombia .
To those few , those happy few , who esteem themselves regular readers of this blog , my views on the Labour Party , and the nature of the “ alternative ” offered thereby , will be well - known .
At the risk of doing what ’s written in the title , however , I wanted to bring something I just happened upon to ( marginally ) wider attention .
I ’ve been having a wee dig in various registers of members ’ interests .
Nothing obviously untoward leaps out .
Mary Harney owns shares in A.I.B. and B.O.I. Willie O’Dea owns shares in multiple African diamond - mining operations , as well as other oil and mining companies at home and abroad .
There are no significant diamond resources in Chad , as far as I ’m aware , but it ’s easy to see how a possible conflict of interest may have arisen for a Minister of Defence elsewhere .
I ’ll spare the blushes of the Dublin City councillor who , in declaring shares in Cadbury , listed Nature of Business as “ Sweets ” ( ah , screw him , it was Dr. Chameleon himself , Bill Tormey . )
The most striking entry belonged to Ruairi Quinn , and is notably absent from the profile on his website .
In the Dáil register , we find the following :
8. Remunerated Position ……. Chair , Fund Advisory Committee : 4th Level Ventures , 75 St. Stephen ’s Green , Dublin 2 .
4th Level Ventures was a new one on me , so I took a toodle to Google and found the following depressing glimpse into the future of education .
The website ’s masthead reads “ Commercialising Academic Research ” , and the company identifies its role thus :
4th Level Ventures is a € 20 million Venture Capital Fund managed by Dolmen Securities .
Founded in 2002 , we are focused exclusively on investing in companies whose Intellectual Property arises from third level education institutional research .
We are sector neutral , our expertise lies in the commercialisation of technology .
Our primary objective is to commercialise the business opportunities that arise from university research .
In Ireland , this output is being boosted by Government investment of € 2.5 bln for science research from 2002 - 2006 .
Ruairi Quinn is Labour Spokesperson on Education and Science .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Facebook has really upset the Muslim world with its “ Draw Muhammad ” page and this brought trouble for Mark Zuckersberg , the CEO and co-founder of Facebook .
A criminal proceeding against Mark Zuckersberg is in place and he is being investigated against for the highly controversial “ Everybody Draw Muhammad ” page .
This proceeding is taking place in Pakistan which also happens to be one of the larger Muslim nations and has better connections with the west .
Also involved in this proceeding are Facebook co-founders Chris Hughes and Dustin Moskovitz and Andy , a German who started the page .
A Facebook spokesperson has refused to comment on this calling the matter legal .
These charges are being pressed against the 295 - C of the Pakistan penal court which says ,
Use of derogatory remark etc , in respect of the Holy Prophet , whoever by words , either spoken or written , or by visible representation , or by any imputation , innuendo , or insinuation , directly or indirectly , defiles the sacred name of the Holy Prophet Muhammad ( Peace Be Upon Him ) shall be punished with death , or imprisonment for life , and shall also be liable for fine .
According to that , Facebook has committed a heinous crime though ; I have a question to ask here .
Is is right to issue a death warrant against the founder and the people running Facebook ?
They are not the ones who created the page in the first place !
Although Mark Zuckersberg never stops getting into trouble , but this is the biggest trouble he can get into .
WebCeleb is a social music marketplace with a great business model for music fans .
If you ’re a musician … not so much .
For every song purchased on WebCeleb , 50 % of the money goes to the artist , 10 % to the company , and 40 % is split equally among the fans that bought that song .
According to WebCeleb ’s promotional video , musicians should be super excited because “ For the first time ( they ) can give back to ( their ) fans thanking them for their support . ”
Wow !
Finally !
As a musician it ’s been so frustrating to suffer through all these years of giving nothing back to fans .
Nothing , except of course MUSIC THAT THEY ENJOY LISTENING TO !
Is this what we ’ve come to ?
Music has been de-valued to the point where musicians should engage in profit sharing with their fans ?
Really !?
The WebCeleb business model actually suggests that music is worth less than nothing to the consumer .
You need to PAY PEOPLE TO LISTEN TO IT ?!
Personally , I ’d rather give songs away for free , or even have people download them illegally than pay fans to check out my music .
As if this was n’t reason enough for musicians to be pissed off , WebCeleb is also hosting a Best of Local Music Showcase , in which fans purchase tickets for the showcase on the site , and the artists that sell the most tickets will get to perform .
Folks who bought tickets for artists who do n’t make the cut get reimbursed , and of course the fans get 40 % of the ticket sales .
Playing for an audience that was essentially paid to be there sounds pretty weird and awful , unless you ’re the type of artist who likes to berate fans .
If that ’s the case , now you can finally yell , “ Shut the hell up and listen !
We paid you good money to be here ! ”
I ’m not delusional .
I did n’t become a musician to rake in the cash .
Even if I ’m not making a dime , I ’m still gonna make music .
It ’s something that I love to do .
That does n’t mean I want to give people who dig my music a cut of whatever money it brings me .
That ’s just stupid .
Do authors give part of their publishing royalties to people who read their books ?
Do artists dole out cash so someone will hang their work on the wall ?
Would an architect cut a check to see his building get made ?
No , no and no .
Why on earth should a musician split the money they get selling their music with their fans ?
If we have reached a point where this is something fans , start - up companies , and ( God help us ) MUSICIANS , think is okay , it ’s time to seriously re-evaluate what music means to our society .
A few years ago a contributor to a marketing technology blog warned other parents of the risks of Webkinz thievery after a classmate broke into her eight - year - old daughter 's account .
The classmate stole the daughter 's hard - earned KinzCash and left her pets unfed and out of their beds .
" My child feels violated , as if she actually experienced a violent crime , " the mother wrote .
" And in her world , she did . "
Last year , at a private school in Northern California where my niece is a student , several second - graders became the victims of a peculiar and disturbing crime .
Like many private schools , particularly those near Silicon Valley , this one has computers in every classroom , and " technology instruction " begins in kindergarten .
Children carry cell phones from an early age and computer and Internet use is ubiquitous by fourth grade .
Many of the school 's second - graders , like elementary - school children nationwide , are also enthusiastic consumers of Webkinz .
Webkinz are traditional stuffed animals sold in toy stores .
Unlike traditional stuffed animals , each Webkinz animal comes with a tag bearing an " adoption code " which , when registered on the Webkinz website , gains the owner entry into an online world .
A combination of kiddie gaming , virtual reality , and rudimentary social networking , Webkinz taps into children 's traditional fascination with plush toys and marries it to online exploration .
" Come in and play ! " the Webkinz website urges , promising an " exciting online experience where your plush pet comes to life . "
Indeed , pixilated Webkinz have become so appealing that their furry real - world counterparts are sometimes forsaken .
A few years ago , retailers in New York City noticed that people were stealing Webkinz tags but leaving behind the stuffed animals , presumably because they preferred an online Webkinz experience to the limited delights of a the real - world version .
Webkinz World is appealing to children because it encourages them to hone their nurturing skills in an environment suffused with positive reinforcement and focused on perpetual entertainment .
Webkinz owners are expected to feed , exercise , and play with their virtual pets .
Happy , Health , and Hunger meters monitor their Webkinz ' gestalt and owners are given frequent reminders about the need to pamper their pets : Poodles enjoys dining on Lobster Kibble Bisque , we are informed , but Unicorns prefer Sparkling Flower Fondue .
Children pay for their pet 's accoutrements , such as a Banana Hammock for Cheeky Monkey , and buy gifts for Webkinz friends with KinzCash , which they earn by answering questions or playing games with names like " The Wheel of WOW " in the Webkinz virtual arcade .
They can also talk to their friends on Webkinz by using KinzChat , a rudimentary form of instant messaging that limits comments to a few safely anodyne phrases available on a drop down menu , thus reducing the likelihood of bullying and harassment in Webkinz World .
One rainy afternoon at my niece 's school , the second grade teachers gave their students permission to spend time on the classroom computers .
The boys ' and girls ' thoughts quickly turned to Webkinz , and one girl decided that it would be useful to have the user names and passwords of her friends so that she could log into their accounts and surprise them with gifts and other Webkinz treats .
Her friends eagerly complied with her request , but when she absentmindedly left the list next to her computer terminal , another classmate took it .
What ensued was virtual larceny on a grand scale .
The wee criminal mastermind methodically pilfered items from the virtual space of every one of her classmates '
Webkinz accounts and gifted them to herself in a virtual crime spree that lasted several days .
She was discovered only after her father happened to glance at the family 's home computer one evening and saw her Webkinz room stuffed with virtual contraband .
When he asked her how she had accumulated such a large virtual stash , she quickly confessed .
The girl 's parents purchased new Webkinz for each of their daughter 's victims as a form of restitution , but several of the girls ' classmates still recall the episode with bitterness and astonishment .
This episode was not unusual .
A few years ago a contributor to a marketing technology blog warned other parents of the risks of Webkinz thievery after a classmate broke into her eight - year - old daughter 's account .
The classmate stole the daughter 's hard - earned KinzCash and left her pets unfed and out of their beds .
" My child feels violated , as if she actually experienced a violent crime , " the mother wrote .
" And in her world , she did .
I can't even describe the look on her face .
It took me hours to try to calm her down . "
Another blogger ruefully admitted that her older daughter , under the pretense of tending to Perky Ballerina , the Webkinz alter - ego of her younger sister , successfully cleaned out Perky 's KinzCash bank account and spent the money on items for her own Webkinz ' lair .
In another case , a 13 - year - old babysitter wheedled and bullied her six - year - old charge into telling her the password and username of the girl 's Webkinz , then absconded with several of the girl 's exclusive Webkinz possessions .
And last year , an elementary school in Easton , Mass .
banned Webkinz from school grounds after an exclusionary clique formed among children who had Webkinz and were lording it over those who did not .
Children have always found opportunities to bully and steal from one another , of course .
But as these activities moves online , how are they quantitatively and qualitatively different from traditional misbehavior ?
Given that the average person in the U.S. spends nearly eight - and - a - half hours in front of some form of screen technology every day , this is not an idle question , nor is it one we should be asking only about children .
Is our sense of self - control and moral justice the same online as offline ?
Does the medium of the screen make us more or less likely to be honest with each other ?
How does technology aid or impair our ability to detect falsehood ?
Most importantly , does our behavior online alter our behavior offline in significant ways ?
A range of new research in the social sciences offers some provocative insights - though no definitive answers - to these questions .
Professor Jeff Hancock of Cornell University and his colleagues in forensic psychology have been studying the effect of computer - mediated - communication on lying for several years .
Are we more or less likely to lie to someone if we are communicating via email or text message than if we are speaking face - to - face ?
The first part of Hancock 's research revealed that the conventional wisdom is correct : liars are more likely to reveal themselves in face - to - face conversation than in any other medium .
But Hancock discovered something else : using the computer actually encouraged people to lie if they were motivated to do so .
His findings " empirically demonstrate that there are potentially important differences for detecting deceit depending on whether the motivated sender is interacting in a face - to - face or in a computer mediated context . "
So dramatic was this feature of computer - mediated communication that Hancock and his colleagues called it the " motivational enhancement effect " and they warn that as we spend more time communicating online , this effect will have " important implications for social , business and even criminal electronic communications . "
In other words , when it comes to honesty , it 's not just the motivation of the liar that matters , but the medium in which he operates .
Other researchers have found that the way we act and behave online , whether playfully , flirtatiously , dishonestly , or virtuously , has implications for our offline behavior as well .
As the New Scientist summarized the research a few years ago , " acting out a particular personality online reinforces the behavior , making it more likely to be followed in real life . "
This is what Nick Yee , who is conducting some of the most fascinating research on virtual environments and behavior in Massive Multiplayer Online video games , calls the " Proteus Effect , " after the Greek god Proteus who would change form to avoid having to reveal the future .
" Our self - representations have a significant and instantaneous impact on our behavior , " Yee wrote in a paper about the Proteus Effect .
" As we choose our self - representations in virtual environments , our self - representations shape our behaviors in turn . "
The Proteus Effect can be positive : psychologists have developed role - playing games that claim to help people build self - esteem or treat phobias such as a fear of spiders , for example .
But other online activities - such as posting anonymous vitriol online or devoting hours to virtually slaughtering others in a video game - can have the opposite impact .
In the most extreme and horrifying case of online behavior influencing offline life , a South Korean couple earlier this year left their infant to starve to death at home while they played hours and hours of video games online at an Internet café ; the games involved raising a virtual child .
As one South Korean psychiatrist told the New York Times , in South Korea , where the government already offers addiction counseling to children hooked on gaming and where the culture of 24 - hour - a- day Internet cafes is well - entrenched , " the line blurs between reality and the virtual world . "
It is this fact - the blurring of the line between real life and virtual life - that poses the most serious challenge for younger children , as the anecdotal evidence of Webkinz kiddie - crime suggests .
Teaching children to practice honesty and empathy is a difficult task in any age ; does early immersion in online worlds make it more difficult ?
Another recent study , presented at the annual meeting of the Association for Psychological Science by researchers from the University of Michigan 's Institute for Social Research , found that " college kids today are about 40 percent lower in empathy than their counterparts of 20 or 30 years ago . "
When asked for an explanation for this precipitous decline in empathy , researchers pointed out that this is the generation raised with computers and video games .
They suggested that the dramatic increase in exposure to media , including reality television shows , video games , and social media sites such as Facebook , can't be discounted as likely culprits .
" College students today may be so busy worrying about themselves and their own issues that they do n't have time to spend empathizing with others , or at least perceive such time to be limited , " one of the researchers said .
You need not be a Luddite to suspect that the vast amount of time we all spend in front of the screen is changing us , and yet this is an acknowledgement we are loathe to make given how much of our work , social connection , and leisure depend on the screen .
This is n't merely the tut - tutting of an older generation about the technologies of a new one ; on the contrary , the older generation has enthusiastically embraced the new technologies as well .
The uneasiness many people feel - expressed perceptively in recent books such as Jaron Lanier 's You Are Not a Gadget and Nicholas Carr's
The Shallows - concerns the quantity and meaning of the time we spend with these new technologies , not merely the quality of the old technologies they are replacing .
In this sense , our screen - dominated world is a dramatically different place from the world of our parents and grandparents .
When the telephone arrived , it took decades to infiltrate private life , and few Americans went from spending no time with it to spending the majority of their waking hours talking on it .
We have done this with the Internet in less than a generation .
As we continue to live more of our lives on the screen , we should be honest with ourselves about its pleasures and provocations - but also its perils .
Honesty might be the best policy , but online it is , alas , not always the most highly valued commodity .
Hubble 's orbit is 350 miles above Earth and set at a 28.5 - degree angle relative to the equator .
Just bringing the scope to the ISS 's 52 - degree orientation would require a tremendous amount of rocket power , but getting it to the station 's orbit 150 miles below would kill it .
The descent would generate enough atmospheric drag to damage the scope 's solar panels .
Worse , the space around the ISS is full of gases , liquids and other debris jettisoned from the station that could gum up Hubble 's optics .
KABUL , Afghanistan — The New York Times ' lead story Monday about “ nearly $ 1 trillion in untapped mineral deposits in Afghaistan ” was the kind of journalism that seemed at first glance to be a game changer .
Suddenly , there was something worth fighting for in Afghanistan beyond an ill - defined counterinsurgency campaign : the lithium batteries that power our cell phones .
The story even quoted an internal Pentagon memo that Afghanistan could become the “ Saudi Arabia of lithium . ”
And the article went further , trumpeting United States officials ' belief that Afghanistan could eventually be “ transformed into one of the most important mining centers in the world . ”
It seems the Times ’ reporter , James Risen , a Pulitzer Prize - winner , did what a lot of great reporters do :
He picked up on a story that had been floating around for weeks , months , years , or maybe even back to the Soviet era , depending on which geological surveys you choose to reference , and he made it relevant in the current context .
A question that many media watchers , military analysts and pundits are now wondering is whether The New York Times gave that story shape or whether it was somehow played by the U.S. military to see the value of the mineral deposits at a moment in time when Washington appears to be increasingly concerned about the public losing confidence in the war in Afghanistan .
Was it part of a concerted media campaign to make certain Pentagon memos available and have CENTCOM commander Gen.
David Petraeus weigh in with quotes for the New York Times ?
Risen has been defending his story , and not always in the most attractive manner .
In an interview with Yahoo ’s Newsroom blog , Risen got a bit testy , saying , “ Bloggers should do their own reporting instead of sitting around in their pajamas . ”
Here in Kabul , I must confess that I guess I ’ve been sitting on this major story for several years now .
The truth is that those of us who have been here a while knew about Afghanistan ’s untapped mineral wealth .
To find out , I did not go under cover or hack into secret Pentagon files —
I just happened to bump into a very nice man in the Kabul line at the Dubai airport , sometime in 2008 .
He proudly told me ( in what I frankly thought was a bit too much detail ) about the marble mines his organization was helping to open in western Afghanistan .
“ This is the wave of the future , ” he said enthusiastically .
“ The U.S. Geological Survey has determined that Afghanistan has more non-fuel mineral deposits than almost anyplace else on earth . ”
I was actually motivated to look up the survey , which is readily available online .
The report did not exactly make for fascinating reading — unless section designators such as “ Proterozoic Ultramafic Rock Area of Interest ” or “ Deposits related to felsic phanerocrystalline intrusive rocks ” spark one ’s interest .
Minerals , I decided , were not my thing .
I filed it away at the back of my mind as a story to follow up on some day , when Afghanistan ’s political morass and security nightmare eased , giving geologists space to explore and journalists time to report .
But The New York Times beat me to it :
It “ revealed ” that Afghanistan was sitting on , for want of a better term , a veritable gold mine .
Once the Pentagon packaged the data by tacking on a speculative price tag — $ 1 trillion — and adding a snappy sound bite here and there , a three - year - old report based partially on decades - old data collected by the Soviets became the biggest story on the planet .
I am far from the only veteran Afghan correspondent or “ Afghan hand ” — NGO types , diplomats and contractors alike — surprised by the prominent play that the venerable paper of record gave to the story .
There has been quite a bit of heated online discussion of the topic over the past two days .
The question that is driving us all mad is :
Why on earth did the world ’s most authoritative news source decide to make this its lead story ?
The Pentagon , of course , could have many reasons for wanting to plant the piece .
The news out of Afghanistan has been unremittingly grim for the past weeks , if not months : troop casualties are skyrocketing , the all - important Kandahar offensive has had to be at least temporarily scrapped , more and more experts are saying that it ’s time to cut our losses and run .
At a recent conference on Afghanistan , attended by several of the most respected research centers , the topic that drew the most heated response was the relative positions of the foreign troops and the Taliban .
No one among the august group argued that victory was on the horizon ; instead , they spent more than two hours debating the difference between “ stalemate ” and “ defeat . ”
“ I told them they had already lost , ” said one conference participant , speaking on condition of anonymity .
The conference was trying to sail “ under the radar ” and was not open to the media .
“ If you have 46 countries and the world ’s most developed economies unable to defeat a bunch of insurgents , then you are just finished , ” the attendee added .
This view was echoed at another super - secret gathering last week , where a prominent Afghanistan expert told high - level officials that it was time to get out of the country .
“ You cannot win , ” said the authority .
“ Make a deal and leave . ”
This advice met with a stony silence , according to one of the attendees .
So the “ news ” that Afghanistan could suddenly bump up its GDP by a factor of 100 or so by harvesting its vast mineral deposits was a breath of fresh air for those still trying to drum up support for the increasingly unpopular war .
Afghans , of course , immediately began dividing up the spoils from this trillion - dollar treasure chest .
If history is any gauge , then the same problems that have kept them mired in war and misery for so long — poor governance , corruption and the less - than - tender attention of the world community in general and their close neighbors in particular — will more than likely plague them again and the people will just shrug and add the theft of their national treasure to their endless list of grievances .
Jay Prensky was bicycling east on Trindle Road in January when a car passed him , then cut in front of him to turn onto Sheely Lane .
“ I was going 19 , 20 miles - per - hour .
I had four feet to react .
I ended up in the trauma unit at Hershey ( Medical Center ) with a broken neck , ” said Prensky ,
.
His injuries healed and Prensky ’s back on his bike , riding from his Camp Hill home to his offices in East Pennsboro and Derry townships .
Some bicyclists might steer clear of traffic .
Not Prensky .
It ’s made him an advocate for cyclists ’ rights .
Bikes have the same legal rights and obligations as cars , but bike commuters know they ca n’t take that for granted .
Prensky and others said their safety has been overlooked for too long by planners and lawmakers .
They saaid the only way motorists — most of whom are courteous — will make room for them is if bikes become more common on midstate roads .
When Commuter Services of Central Pennsylvania promoted a Bike To Work week in May , it issued advice along with how - tos .
“ When we ’re advising for this , one of the first things we do is ask ( bicyclists ) , ‘ What is the safety situation ?
Are there trails , ample shoulders on the road that you would be taking ? ’ ” said Brandy Heilman , Commuter ’s executive director .
Not even close , according to Prensky and others .
Bike commuters said they get more exercise , save money on gas and car repair and delight in being outdoors .
Their rides benefit the rest of us by cutting gas - powered traffic that pollutes the air .
Harrisburg - Carlisle - Lebanon region was ranked 22nd worst in the nation for short - term particle pollution in the American Lung Association ’s 2010 State of the Air report .
More than 60 area riders took part in the regional Bike to Work week and logged 4,423 miles .
Lucinda Gish was among them .
She pedaled the 4.5 miles from her Palmyra home to her job as a financial analyst at the Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center ’s academic support building .
“ I like the exercise , ” Gish said .
“ I like just being outside .
The route itself is on the easy side .
It ’s mostly level and I ( use ) a lot of bike paths , alleys , parking lots .
I stay off the major thoroughfares , like Route 422 and busier roads . ”
Commuting by bike is a growing movement .
“ A lot of companies are starting to focus more on wellness , ” Heilman said .
“ Biking to work is good exercise and people are in better spirits ( after a ride ) . ”
She advises firms that want to encourage employees to bicycle to install bike racks , which cost a few hundred dollars each .
Commuter Services also supplies a kind of rider insurance .
It will pay taxi fares , rental car fees or gas for a friend ’s car in the event a rider falls ill during a workday and cannot pedal home .
But Prensky said more help is needed .
“ It ’s more than just giving lip service to , yeah , let ’s ride our bikes to work .
There ’s so many institutional things that need to be done .
Bike racks , a place to change at work , ” he said .
And , especially , a share of the road in the form of dedicated bike paths .
It ’s been done elsewhere .
Bikers in New York City , Prensky said , can “ get from one end of Manhattan to the other on a bike path . ”
A 2005 report from the Pennsylvania Transportation Funding and Reform Commission found that state highways are grossly underfunded and that a third of roads were in fair to poor condition .
The situation is worse on the state ’s 21,000 miles of secondary roads where bicyclists travel .
The report rated 35 percent of them poor .
The League of American Bicyclists , which issues annual lists of Bicycle Friendly States , ranked Pennsylvania 40th in 2009 , down from 38 in 2008 .
“ Look at the Harvey Taylor Bridge .
They spent millions to repave and put in bike lanes .
Go figure out the access to get onto that from the West Shore , ” Prensky said .
Unless a biker braves the Taylor Bridge Bypass , the route from Camp Hill to the bridge path is a winding path through Wormleysburg to Front Street .
Riding from Harrisburg , the path abruptly ends at Front .
“ It ’s a totally disjointed approach .
There has to be a real strategy , ” Prensky said .
State lawmakers said they were concerned about biker ’s safety when , in March 2009 , they proposed amending the vehicle code .
Under House Bill 1110 , cars would be permitted to get no closer to a bicycle than four feet when passing and would be prohibited from turning in front of a bicycle that moving straight .
The bill has languished in committee .
Prensky said patients tell him his riding inspires them .
That gives him courage every time he buckles his helmet .
“ It ’s not for the faint of heart at times .
Bicycle commuters do put up with a lot of grief , ” he said .
1 . No buying new !
( handmade is excepted ;
So this allows for Etsy purchases etc ! ! )
All clothing must be Recycled , Renovated , Preloved or Thrifted , or Handmade only for the term .
Employment related and special needs clothing ( ie sports , school ) , shoes and undies are excepted from the rules , although you are encouraged to have a go at making these .
2 . In extreme circumstances , maybe a special event , or the worlds greatest and most amazing never to be repeated sale that you simply can not pass up , you may use the Get out of Refashionista Jail Free card .
You are able to use this card once during the 2 month part of your contract ; ie 1 for 2 months , 2 for 4 months etc .
Of course you need to fess up on the blog and display the button !
3 . You must post on the blog at least once a week to let the community know what you 've been up to .
This will not only give you brag points , but inspire and encorouge others !
Of course you need to display the button on your blog and have copied the pledge in at least one post , and provide a link to your pledge under the button .
Rich and Poor :
Three - part series that goes on a revealing journey through the world ’s oil - producing regions , beyond the familiar territory of the Middle East .
Now that the oil price appears to be rising inexorably at the pumps , newspapers are full of gloomy predictions related to our increasing addiction to perishable reserves of oil .
Bill Cran ’s series takes a somewhat different approach .
We are in fact still amply supplied with oil on planet earth .
The problem is that most of it lies in what we cosseted addicts regard as the wrong places .
Getting enough oil to fill George Bush ’s SUV requires dealing with nasty governments or destroying the wilderness .
But the relationship between oil companies , consumers and those who live where the oil is extracted is changing very rapidly .
It is becoming possible for native populations to obstruct oil companies .
Cran ’s series leaves one with the feeling that there are no easy answers – but that , given the hysteria surrounding the subject , is no bad thing .
It ’s also ravishingly shot .
The Pipeline :
Three - part series that goes on a revealing journey through the world ’s oil - producing regions , beyond the familiar territory of the Middle East .
Now that the oil price appears to be rising inexorably at the pumps , newspapers are full of gloomy predictions related to our increasing addiction to perishable reserves of oil .
Bill Cran ’s series takes a somewhat different approach .
We are in fact still amply supplied with oil on planet earth .
The problem is that most of it lies in what we cosseted addicts regard as the wrong places .
Getting enough oil to fill George Bush ’s SUV requires dealing with nasty governments or destroying the wilderness .
But the relationship between oil companies , consumers and those who live where the oil is extracted is changing very rapidly .
It is becoming possible for native populations to obstruct oil companies .
Cran ’s series leaves one with the feeling that there are no easy answers – but that , given the hysteria surrounding the subject , is no bad thing .
It ’s also ravishingly shot .
The Wilderness :
Three - part series that goes on a revealing journey through the world ’s oil - producing regions , beyond the familiar territory of the Middle East .
Now that the oil price appears to be rising inexorably at the pumps , newspapers are full of gloomy predictions related to our increasing addiction to perishable reserves of oil .
Bill Cran ’s series takes a somewhat different approach .
We are in fact still amply supplied with oil on planet earth .
The problem is that most of it lies in what we cosseted addicts regard as the wrong places .
Getting enough oil to fill George Bush ’s SUV requires dealing with nasty governments or destroying the wilderness .
But the relationship between oil companies , consumers and those who live where the oil is extracted is changing very rapidly .
It is becoming possible for native populations to obstruct oil companies .
Cran ’s series leaves one with the feeling that there are no easy answers – but that , given the hysteria surrounding the subject , is no bad thing .
It ’s also ravishingly shot .
Part 3 :
I see that some of you are following the Journolist story .
I think that probably means that you'd be interested to know that I 'm on it .
Or was .
It 's being ended by Ezra Klein as of this afternoon .
On the Dave Weigel matter , I second everything Marc Ambinder wrote here , including Marc 's headline that Weigel should not have been fired :
In hiring Weigel , the Post knew it was bringing on board someone with a style of journalism -- and it definitely is journalism -- that was not orthodox , that would not always conform to the Post 's habits and customs , and would occasionally become personal .
Weigel does blog - based reporting better than just about anyone in the journalistic world .
His opinions are plain : he 's a disaffected libertarian .
Not a conventional liberal .
Not even a Fred Hiatt liberal .
Weigel is best described as an anti-denialist .
He hates stupid people and stupid human tricks and stupid political consultants .
He 's developed a natural rapport with conservatives because he says what he thinks .
I was a member of the now defunct Journolist group .
I 'm also a voracious consumer of Dave Weigel 's tweets .
And I can tell you that nothing he wrote on the list was more outre than what he Tweeted .
I know Dave .
Ambinder describes his politics precisely .
He worked at Reason magazine .
It 's a libertarian mag .
And he 's been a great reporter of the tea party movement .
His stuff at the Washington Independent first , and then the Post , showed that he obviously had loads of sources in that world .
Which raises the important point : what matters to a journalist 's work is how he behaves with his sources , in person and in print , not what he says to friends and acquaintances on a listserv that was supposed to be off - the - record in the first place .
And it 's quite obvious that Dave 's sources trusted him , which in turn means he gave them reason to trust him .
As for Journolist , the media chatter about it has been silly from the start .
Here 's the lead of the first piece to appear about the group , from Politico earlier this year :
For the past two years , several hundred left - leaning bloggers , political reporters , magazine writers , policy wonks and academics have talked stories and compared notes in an off - the - record online meeting space called JournoList .
Proof of a vast liberal media conspiracy ?
The reporter who wrote this does good work generally , but this was an absolutely indefensible opening , cutesy and sensationalistic and cheap .
Conspiracy is a heavy word .
Even if intended jokingly , that lead suggests a cabal of people plotting something , and indeed , subsequent speculation about the list among conservatives seemed to assume that all of us on the list were taking talking points from the White House and running out to execute them .
It 's not even worthy of serious response .
It was just a forum in which basically like - minded people interested in the same things tossed out ideas and agreed and disagreed on various things ( some raging disagreements ; I was in one just the other day ) .
And most of all , people taught one another things , because there were lots of folks with lots of different kinds of expertise .
That was its value .
I learned things every day about health care , financial regulation and so on that helped me do a better job of writing these posts for you , because I was told things I did n't know or that challenged my take .
I mostly feel terribly for Dave .
He was obviously set up by someone who wanted to sink him .
And it 's lousy that this happened to a fun and engaging forum .
My only solace is knowing that the people who think that by breaking up J - list they 've scored some major triumph over the vast left - wing conspiracy are deluding themselves , which I suppose is something .
New York Times Planted Story on Afghan Mineral Wealth Designed to Prolong US Occupation , Spur Neocon - Backed Petraeus Presidential Candidacy
Webster G. Tarpley
TARPLEY.net
June 17 , 2010
To provide a new and spurious economic looting argument for making the US occupation of Afghanistan virtually endless , and to advance the candidacy of General David Petraeus as the principal neocon warmonger candidate for president on the Republican ticket in 2012 – these are the purposes of the story planted in the June 13 , 2010 New York Times under the byline of James Risen , who is acting as stenographer for the neocons in the great tradition of his predecessor Judith Miller .
In retrospect , this article may well be seen as the opening gun of an overt push to place General Petraeus in the White House in 2012 as the new Field Marshal von Hindenburg .
According to this story , a Pentagon survey has determined that Afghanistan possesses at least $ 1 trillion worth of valuable minerals , including iron , copper , cobalt , gold , and lithium – with lithium being especially valuable because it is used in batteries for computers and for the new designs of electric automobiles .
Of course , none of this is news , as the article itself concedes .
The surveys done by the US occupation authorities over the last several years are explicitly based on careful studies done by the Soviets during their own occupation of Afghanistan during the 1980s .
The basic outlines of what is being presented by Risen as front - page news were already published in a May 2004 World Bank report , which was used to dictate minerals legislation to the Afghan government .
More recently , Afghan mineral wealth has been hyped by the Afghan embassy in Washington on various occasions , and was a featured theme of the visit here last month by Afghan President Karzai .
Candidate Petraeus Touts “ Stunning Potential ”
This planted puff piece is based on anonymous “ senior US government officials . ”
The only exception is General David Petraeus , the warlord of the US Central Command , the theater of operations in which Afghanistan is located .
Petraeus is directly cited as saying that the Afghan mineral riches whose presence the US has confirmed represent a “ stunning potential ” for the future development of the country .
The implied message from Petraeus to the Washington elite is , to paraphrase , support me and cash in on the riches of Afghanistan , or else wimpy Obama ’s self - serving pullout timetable will allow the Chinese to move in .
The repackaging and rehashing of the Afghan mineral story at this time represents a bid to mobilize political support by Wall Street , major minerals corporations , and other predatory interests to keep the US occupation of Afghanistan going far beyond the July 2011 date set by Obama for the beginning of a gradual pullout of US forces .
The article makes clear that , if the US should depart from Afghanistan , the immense mineral wealth will fall easy prey to China .
China , it is noted , has already taken over a copper mine in Afghanistan .
In March of this year , it was a sudden alarm in Washington that Karzai ’s Afghanistan was slipping into the Chinese orbit that motivated Obama ’s hasty visit to Kabul .
The implication is that , whether or not these minerals can actually be developed by the United States , it is imperative to stay in Afghanistan to make sure that they are denied to the Chinese .
The planted story is also designed to counter the growing war fatigue and defeatism among the US - led coalition , which is building up in advance of the NATO summit scheduled for Lisbon , Portugal this coming November .
This coalition currently includes 46 nations , representing one third of the military forces deployed , and an even larger portion of the logistics necessary for the occupation .
The new British regime has been signaling that its commitment to Afghanistan will not be eternal .
Prime Minister David Cameron told British Tommies in Afghanistan that they will be brought home just as soon as their task is finished .
Air Chief Marshal Jock Stirrup , the highest ranking uniformed military figure in the UK , is being ousted in a signal of deep cuts to come for the British military establishment .
Poland has demanded that NATO come up with a detailed exit plan for ending the Afghan engagement .
In Germany , the most recent poll shows about 70 % opposition to the endless war , and budget cuts are looming in that country as well .
The Netherlands and Canada both intend to withdraw their contingents from Afghanistan next year .
Turkey is another country with a presence in Afghanistan that may soon become fed up with this adventure , especially because of the contemptuous and shoddy treatment meted out to the Turks by the State Department over the Iran uranium enrichment and Gaza aid flotilla issues .
All signs suggest that , when the Afghan engagement comes up for discussion at the November NATO summit in Lisbon , disaffection and defection will be the dominant notes .
NATO defeatism comes on top of growing disaffection with Obama ’s endless war inside the United States : the newest poll has a majority of 53 % convinced that prolonging the Afghanistan war is not worth the sacrifices involved .
Even more acute is the growing backlash from inside the Democratic Party .
Congressman Charlie Rangel of Harlem recently assailed Obama as being “ consistent with ” Bush and Cheney when it comes to lying about the wars he is conducting .
Petraeus the Neocon , The Thinking Man ’s Warmonger
The neocon cabal in Washington has been largely booted out of government by the Brzezinski - Trilateral - Bilderberg financier faction who run Obama .
But the neocons are determined not to stay in the wilderness forever , and their chosen vehicle for a comeback is the Petraeus presidential candidacy .
Petraeus is now the main unifying figure of the neocon war party .
The allegedly thoughtful general was recently lionized at neocon central , the American Enterprise Institute , which gave him its Irving Kristol Award in early May .
As Antiwar noted :
… many have speculated of late he is selling himself – as a potential Republican candidate for commander in chief . ….
And he probably wo n’t become the Republican nominee without some heavy lifting from the star - maker machinery at AEI , which would enjoy nothing more than to get its own pocket general into the White House . ….
This mutually beneficial relationship is already off to a great start .
Thanks to ‘ Team Kagan , ’ AEI ’s Bill Kristol and Charles Krauthammer , and a battery of sycophantic pundits and mainstream journalists , Petraeus ’ lack of authentic exceptionalism has been transformed into an unshakable ‘ warrior - scholar ’ persona with his own ‘ legacy ’… .
But his recent pandering to AEI and the lip - smacking response from Kristol & Co. should make anyone who still maintains a thread of common sense and an institutional memory very concerned . [ 1 ]
Petraeus is getting kudos from Max Boot , the Kagans , Frank Gaffney , and other ambitious neocon careerists .
Peter Beinart has compared Petraeus to Dwight Eisenhower , the 1952 GOP candidate , and thinks that Petraeus may be highly effective as a candidate in the current anti-politician atmosphere .
Beinart , currently at the New America Foundation , comments :
Today ’s GOP has a right - wing base that can damage Obama , but none of its favorites have a prayer of winning the White House .
The reason is that just like the Republican right of the early 1950s , which kept insisting that the New Deal constituted socialism ( or fascism ) , today ’s conservative activists have not accommodated themselves to some basic shifts in public mood ….
powerful forces within the GOP will begin looking for a candidate who does n’t have to kowtow to the party ’s activist base .
They ’ll need someone with enough personal appeal to avoid the culture war food - fights that obsess the Republican base , someone who exudes moral traditionalism and fiscal prudence without appearing fanatical or intolerant .
Such obfuscation wo n’t satisfy the GOP ’s hard - right core , of course , but John McCain — another soldier - turned - pol — has already shown that the right ’s stranglehold on the nominating process can be broken .
Like McCain in 2008 , Petraeus could largely skip the Iowa caucuses , which evangelicals dominate , and instead focus on New Hampshire , where independents can vote .
In both 2000 and 2008 , it was New Hampshire that boosted McCain , and New Hampshire , as it turns out , is the closest thing Petraeus has to a home state .
From there it would be on to South Carolina , where military pedigrees go a long way … .
Parties that have grown narrow and extreme tend to spiral downward until they nominate someone who is not beholden to their narrow , extreme base .
That person has to be so popular that he or she can defy the normal rules about how candidates get nominated .
Right now , David Petraeus is the only Republican who fits the bill .
In the weeks ahead , McChrystal may become a conservative folk hero for opposing Obama on Afghanistan .
But for Democrats looking toward 2012 and 2016 , it ’s Petraeus who represents the real threat . [ 2 ]
The warmonger regroupment around Petraeus has been noticed across the Atlantic by the June 12 London Economist , which measures a Petraeus - Daniels ticket against a Palin - Huckabee one .
In another article , the city of London house organ notes that , in addition to Huckabee , Romney , Palin , Pawlenty , and Barbour , “ a few even hope that General David Petraeus could be lured in . ”
In reality , Petraeus is more than eager .
If current US reactionary politics resembles the mad Hatter ’s tea party with Alice and the white rabbit , as the Economist cover suggests , perhaps Petraeus can bring power out of chaos .
Once we know that the neocons are running the Petraeus for President campaign , much else becomes clear , especially if we recall the neocon methods used in connection with the Iraq invasion of 2003 .
The planted puff piece about Afghan minerals has neocon fingerprints all over it ; it may have been concocted at the AEI .
It implies that NATO states that stick with the US might receive a piece of the action when it comes to looting these natural resources .
This is exactly the way that reconstruction contracts in Iraq were employed under neocon auspices .
Back in those days , the Germans and the French were excluded because they had opposed the neocon - induced war hysteria of 2003 .
One big objection to making the Afghan occupation infinite has to do with the tremendous monetary costs involved , which the sovereign debt crisis has made it harder for the participating governments to bear .
Here we should remember the pie - in - the - sky promised by Wolfowitz and other neocons in 2002 - 2003 , when they proclaimed that an invasion of Iraq would be self - financing , thanks to the promised looting of Iraqi oil , which in reality has never materialized in the promised form .
Back in those years , there were even more extravagant neocon fantasies about what could be done by bringing Iraqi oil production under US control .
Some neocons recommended a massive increase in Iraqi oil output with the goal of radically lowering the world price of oil and busting the OPEC cartel .
All of this , we note in retrospect , was never accomplished .
Exercitus facit imperatorem : The Army Creates the Emperor
The presidency has been won by Washington , Jackson , Harrison , Zachary Taylor , Grant , Garfield , Theodore Roosevelt , and Eisenhower , so there is no doubt that military leaders have often represented formidable contenders .
By contrast , the current Republican field represents a collection of largely discredited hacks and ideological crackpots who would have a very difficult time winning a presidential contest .
Palin is an imbecile .
Huckabee is a clown .
Jindall is a bungler .
Pawlenty is a nonentity .
Barbour could be a deep south favorite son at the very most .
DeMint is in the same regional minor league .
Romney , the asset stripper from Bain Capital , is wired into Wall Street and does well with country club plutocrats , but lacks appeal to the social issue and warmonger reactionary currents inside the GOP .
Earlier this year , Romney ’s future appeared to be that of vice president and de facto prime minister / austerity enforcer in a Petraeus - Romney administration .
But now , many have figured out that the Obama health care bill , with its capitulation to the insurance and big pharma cartels , is directly based on the individual mandate to buy overpriced insurance under government coercion instituted by Romney when he was governor of Massachusetts .
Given the current agitation of the Tea Party Romney ’s identification with the Obama health bill is now an obstacle to his future aspirations .
In response to this problem , various media have begun to tout Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels , a former Reagan appointee who does not share Romney ’s Massachusetts problems , although he is less effective in other ways .
For the moment , we must conclude that the choice between a Petraeus - Romney ticket and a Petraeus - Daniels GOP ticket is still up in the air .
Petraeus : the New von Hindenburg
If the Petraeus candidacy materializes in the way that now seems likely , it will mark a new phase in the ungovernability , economic immiseration , and erosion of democracy in the United States .
Unfortunately , the historical parallels for a Petraeus candidacy do not point in the direction of Eisenhower .
They point rather towards Field Marshal Paul von Hindenburg , the German commander of World War I who became president of the Weimar Republic in 1925 and during whose reactionary and authoritarian presidency the Hitler movement rapidly grew in power .
It was Hindenburg who allowed Hitler to take state power in 1933 by appointing him as Chancellor , leading to the swift consolidation of a totalitarian dictatorship .
Hindenburg ’s appeal was that he was a general and not a politician , not a creature of corrupt parliamentary haggling and backroom deals , but only accustomed simply to obey or to command .
This meant that the Hindenburg presidency had a definite anti-parliamentary and anti-democratic thrust from the very beginning , and that is what we can expect to see if Petraeus ever gets to the White House .
With the German parliament paralyzed by about March 1930 , Hindenburg ’s presidency soon became a continuous state of emergency rule , in which the Field Marshal approved or disapproved emergency decrees submitted by a series of chancellors – Brüning , von Papen , von Schleicher , and finally Hitler .
Petraeus has the advantage of being able to play on the sense of military discipline and loyalty which is ingrained in many Tea Party activists .
Even a cursory survey of the Tea Party folk shows that a very large number of them are retired military , and their movement is full of militaristic overtones favorable to foreign aggression .
There is reason to believe that many of these activists would immediately place Petraeus , whom they naïvely might view as the victor of Mesopotamia , in a special privileged category above other candidates , and rapidly fall into line .
This probable ability to deliver the recalcitrant Tea Party gives Petraeus a great advantage over other Republican hopefuls like Romney , who might be competitive in the general election , but who would have a very hard time fighting their way through Republican primaries dominated by ideological fanaticism .
Obama has been doing yeoman service as a union buster , forcing the United Auto Workers to give up games they had acquired through decades of bitter struggle and sacrifice .
Obama and his Secretary of Education Arnie Duncan are leading the charge to bust the teachers ’ unions as the centerpiece of a general assault against public employees of all types conducted under the banner of ferocious austerity .
Right now , Obama still remains the best strike breaker the Wall Street financier elite can deploy .
But Obama is collapsing rapidly , and the ruling elite must prepare an alternative option for 2012 .
But G. W. Bush left the Republican Party in a shambles , racked by internal dissent and lead by the group of reactionary clowns , mountebanks , and misfits we have already mentioned .
Would the Republican Party as it currently exists be sufficient , if put into power , to break the kind of strike wave that that might emerge ( as in Greece ) from the current policies of retrenchment , drastic austerity , savage cuts in social services , union busting , and tax gouging ?
There is some doubt that it could .
Petraeus could certainly mobilize the Tea Party to break strikes and protests by workers , students , immigrants , and supporters of social services , but his big advantage would be his ability to lean on the uniformed military establishment and the secret intelligence agencies in a more overt way than other presidents could .
Again , the example of von Hindenburg is instructive .
A Petraeus presidency would most likely be an exercise in emergency rule , a de facto dictatorship by Executive Order under the color of the existing 9/11 national emergency , or of some other emergency which Petraeus could declare .
Petraeus could maintain a certain public detachment in order to preserve his credibility longer , while leaving the dirty details to a vice presidential Prime Minister like Romney or Mitch Daniels , both of whom have experience as state governors .
The content of the emergency decrees would inevitably be economic austerity of the most brutal type , combined with unprecedented attacks on civil liberties , against a background of new and catastrophic foreign military adventures .
During this week ’s hearings on the wretched state of the Afghan military adventure conducted by the Senate Armed Services Committee , committee chair Senator Carl Levin asked if , in the professional military judgment of General Petraeus , Obama ’s announced goal of starting the US departure from Afghanistan were advisable .
Petraeus pointedly refused to endorse Obamas July 2011 target , first remaining silent for a prolonged interval , then hemming and hawing , and finally offering a highly qualified and grudging assent , while warning that it is necessary to be very careful with timetables .
In other words , Petraeus has decided to leave open the option of clashing with Obama over the conduct of the Afghan war .
One can imagine a scenario in which Petraeus sometime around July 2011 resigns his command in protest over Obama ’s desire to cut and run , and vows to take the issue to the voters .
He might even take a leaf from von Hindenburg ’s book and accuse Obama of wanting to stab his gallant forces in the back , just when final victory is within their grasp .
The precedents for this kind of politics are not good .
[ 1 ] Kelley B. Vlahos , “ President Petraeus , ” May 17 , 2010 , at http://original.antiwar.com/vlahos/2010/05/17/president-petraeus/
[ 2 ] Peter Beinart , “ Petraeus for President ? ” October 12 , 2009 , at http://www.thedailybeast.com/blogs-and-stories/2009-10-12/petraeus-for-president/full/
Previous | Next First Strip First Series | First Strip Second Series | First Strip Current Series | Archive | Most Recent
I made quiche again .
And chocolate chip cookies .
My girlfriend was dive - bombed by the hummingbirds , who love that we feed them as long as we do n’t go near the feeder .
Had a really nice correspondence about humor and editing with fellow sci-fi cartoonists Tom Dell - Aringa of Marooned .
Plus for the next week we have sun in Seattle .
All is well .
Coffee and tea drinkers may not need to worry about indulging -- high and moderate consumption of tea and moderate coffee consumption are linked with reduced heart disease , according to a study published in Arteriosclerosis , Thrombosis , and Vascular Biology : Journal of the American Heart Association .
Researchers in The Netherlands found :
Drinking more than six cups of tea per day was associated with a 36 percent lower risk of heart disease compared to those who drank less than one cup of tea per day .
Drinking three to six cups of tea per day was associated with a 45 percent reduced risk of death from heart disease , compared to consumption of less than one cup per day .
And for coffee they found :
Coffee drinkers with a modest intake , two to four cups per day , had a 20 percent lower risk of heart disease compared to those drinking less than two cups or more than four cups .
Although not considered significant , moderate coffee consumption slightly reduced the risk of heart disease death and deaths from all causes .
Researchers also found that neither coffee nor tea consumption affected stroke risk .
" While previous studies have shown that coffee and tea seem to reduce the risk of heart disease , evidence on stroke risk and the risk of death from heart disease was not conclusive , " said Yvonne T. van der Schouw , Ph.D. , study senior author and professor of chronic disease epidemiology , Julius Center for Health Sciences and Primary Care , University Medical Center Utrecht , The Netherlands .
" Our results found the benefits of drinking coffee and tea occur without increasing risk of stroke or death from all causes .
Van der Schouw and colleagues used a questionnaire to evaluate coffee and tea consumption among 37,514 participants .
They followed the participants for 13 years for occurrences of cardiovascular disease and death .
Study limitations included self - reported tea and coffee consumption , and the lack of specific information on the type of tea participants drank .
However , black tea accounts for 78 percent of the total tea consumed in The Netherlands and green tea accounts for 4.6 percent .
Coffee and tea drinkers have very different health behaviors , researchers note .
Many coffee drinkers tend to also smoke and have a less healthy diet compared to tea drinkers .
Researchers suggest that the cardiovascular benefit of drinking tea may be explained by antioxidants .
Flavonoids in tea are thought to contribute to reduced risk , but the underlying mechanism is still not known .
Co-authors are : J. Margot de Koning Gans , M.D. ; Cuno S.P.M. Uiterwaal , M.D. , Ph.D. ; Joline W.J. Beulens , Ph.D. ; Jolanda M.A. Boer , Ph.D. ; Diederick E. Grobbee , M.D. , Ph.D. ; and W.M. Monique Verschuren , Ph.D. Author disclosures and funding sources are in the study .
The Los Angeles Lakers have never been known as a team that takes offensive charges .
They are trying to change that .
Last series , Phil Jackson called his big men " thin -chested " as a way of goading them into standing strong and taking a hit , and the team has been offering financial incentive -- $ 50 per charge .
" To motivate us in a way to take charges and getting away with it , " explained Sasha Vujacic .
And Vujacic says that the way the Celtics players play , the Lakers believe they could be in line to make some extra cash .
" Their whole team is kind of a charging possibility taking team .
We just got to be smart , " Vujacic said .
" They are a very smart team that can go from block to a charge , so we 've been working a lot on charges and how to take them and stuff , so we 'll see .
On June 5th , a gaggle of brave Noisebridgers plastered their skin in face paint and headed to the nearby Insane Clown Posse show to teach science to Juggalos ( fans of ICP ) .
Armed with lab coats and poster - boards , these clown scientists were set to explain the science behind butterflies , Faygo , and , of course , motherf * cking magnets .
By several accounts , the Noisebridge members were actually getting along with the Juggalo crowd as they waited outside of the venue , up until a few members of ICP ’s roadcrew came out and said the band was none to happy about anyone trying to teach science to their fans .
SFSlim tweeted that the group was physically threatened by ICP ’s crew and Violent J , one half of the Insane Clown Posse , even bragged about it on his twitterhole .
A clown with no sense of humor … who ’d a thunk it ?
Ani Niow and Everfalling have posted Science For Juggalos video recaps ( above ) and you can find several good photo sets from the event on Audrey Penven , Don French , Mikael Vejdemo Johansson and my own flickr sets .
If you do n’t know why a bunch of nerds would done clown make up and teach science to ICP fans , Know Your Meme can help you out .
UPDATE : More discussion on MetaFilter .
photos by Audrey Penven
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 9/5/2010 ( 3797 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Want to lose all hope for humanity ?
Do n’t waste your time watching The Bachelor or listening to Justin Bieber .
No need to travel to Darfur or the Burmese police state .
Just read the comments section of every major news website , including ours .
With only the occasional exception , it is a moral wasteland of racism , small - mindedness , ignorance and slander .
The comments on this morning ’s story about the 42 - year - old man shot by police prove my point with twisted eloquence .
They were shameful .
Commenters openly celebrated the death of man in a back alley on Mother ’s Day and convicted him of some vague crime based on a complete paucity of evidence .
Here ’s a sample of the comments , appalling grammar and spelling intact :
well if he was committing a crime and ended up getting killed i dont care .
The citizens of winnipeg are tired of always the innocent getting hurt , its about time a criminal got what he deserved .
Excellent work WPS !!
one less criminal on the streets ...... good job WPS !!
Good to see the Winnipeg Police doing their job .
Dawn , give us a break .
This " person " got what he deserved !
You keep your nose out of trouble , you do n't get shot by police .
Why did n't HE think about the consequences of his actions for his own family ?
More oxygen for the rest of us !
One down , too many to go ....
Good job , WPS ?
Got what he deserved ?
Do these people vote and sit on juries and coach hockey and teach school and serve communion ?
Are these really the views of the silent majority of our citizenry , and I am just too cloistered to know it ?
Is this Beaumont , Texas in 1958 ?
Before you say I am a bleeding heart who is soft on crime , you should know the shooting happened three doors down from my house , in the alley where good friends of mine walk with their babies almost daily .
There were cop cars on my curb , police tape blocking my back lane and a parade of reporter friends cutting through my yard all day Sunday .
Those comments , like so many on every news site , are little more than bloodlust .
Anyone who believes the comments section fosters any kind of reasonable discourse is delusional .
It is a failed experiment .
It ’s the worst kind of mob mentality , where people can vomit out venom under the cover of anonymity .
It ’s the online version of guys in white hoods .
If you are a decent , thinking person , combat those comments by posting your own , or report them as offensive .
I beg you .
And , if you really think Lance Trevor Muir deserved to die , put your name on it so his mother knows who you are .
I dare you .
Pensacola , Florida ( CNN ) --
When you 're on vacation or live in a coastal community , it 's a symbol you simply do n't want to see : a no-swimming sign , along with a beach health advisory .
More than two months after the Deepwater Horizon disaster , Pensacola awoke Wednesday to the largest onslaught of black crude on Florida 's coast , as more than nine miles of white shoreline and beaches were soaked with syrupy oil .
A health advisory has been issued by Escambia County for parts of Pensacola Beach and Fort Pickens .
" It 's pretty ugly .
There 's no question about it , " Florida Gov. Charlie Crist said .
" It does break your heart . "
i Report : Oil pouring in with surf by dump truck loads
Surrounded by hundreds of BP cleanup workers wearing protective suits in the sweltering heat , Crist toured the area by helicopter and on foot , and he thanked workers for their efforts .
" Its like Jimmy Buffett said , we do n't want to take the ' sky is falling ' attitude about this , " he said of the musician and coastal activist .
" We want to see it , we want to address it , we want to clean it up and stay after it and stay after it and stay after it .
...
It 's the attitude we have to take , " he said .
See more photos of oil in Pensacola
Oil also washed up on nearby Perdido Key , where workers cleaned up 8 tons of tar balls .
Offshore , several shrimp boat skimmers could be seen fairly close to shore , near the Pier at Casino Beach .
" You 've got a lot more aggressive work skimming now , " said Florida Department of Environmental Protection Secretary Mike Sole .
" There 's more skimmers coming in to be able to keep it offshore , so I 'm hoping they will be able to go ahead and continue that robust effort offshore so that we only see very little onshore . "
But to continue the fight against oil , Florida 's Gulf counties say they need money , and they say BP is n't returning phone calls .
County representatives are meeting Wednesday with the U.S. Coast Guard and BP to make sure the checks get in the mail .
" We 've got to force them to and make them do it , " Crist said .
" We 're just going to keep asking and asking and asking . "
Why do men's shirts button opposite from women 's blouses ?
Let us begin our address to this question with a brief history of the button .
The stimulus seems to be the invention of tailoring -- which is the disassembly of whole cloth to be assembled again in the shape ( more or less ) of the human form .
Tailored clothing has its origin in under - armor padding , and is an imitation of the carapace of armor in civilian dress .
What is taken apart to be reassembled by the tailor , must similarly be taken apart by the wearer in order to be put on and taken off .
Thus , a need for fasteners arises , theretofore limited to a broche or sash , and is dealt with in various ways .
Buttons make a functional appearance by ones and twos as fastenings on men's blouses , and by the middle of the 16th century are apparent in great profusion on male clothing .
Though women 's clothing follows the example of men's in adopting tailoring , it seems that the button per se was an inviolate masculine preserve for three hundred years and more .
Looked at from this angle , the button and button hole take on a decidedly Freudian aspect .
It is unlikely that we will discover the terminus ante quem of the button , but artistic evidence leads us to the conclusion that it arose as an upper - class men's collar fastening in the early 1400s .
By 1500 , the button is exclusively male , fully developed and the direction of opening is standardized so as not to interfere with drawing a sword over the left hip with the right hand .
( 2 )
Some hint of the origin of the button my be found in a drawing by Gentile Bellini ( Venetian , 1429/30 - 1507 ) of a Turk dated about 1475
In this drawing the Turk wears a garment with a loose , rolled collar and buttons up the front , though with a button - and - loop arrangement .
Bellini had been dispatched on a friendly mission to the court of the sultan Mohammed II , in Constantinople , where he made a number of paintings and returned after a year with riches , honor , and some fine drawings .
Absent any other source , I conjecture that the button originates in the East and migrates West at the beginning of the Italian Renaissance .
The earliest portrayal of a Western button ( thus far discovered by the author ) on a man 's costume is in a silverpoint drawing of Cardinal Albergati ( Dresden , Staatliche Kunstammlungen ) by Jan van Eyck ( 1380//90 - 1441 ) .
The cardinal is portrayed wearing a blouse - like garment , with a loose , gently rolled collar , fastened at the throat with two small buttons , one above the other .
The opening is to the right .
A similarly early portrayal of a button on female dress is a pen and ink drawing from the school of Hugo van der Goes ( 1440 ? - 1482 ) of a kneeling woman ( New York , Pierpont Morgan Library ) in which the traditional fairy princess getup is clearly buttoned up the front with five round buttons .
The opening seems to be up the center , which leads to a guess that it is a button - and - loop rather than a button - and - button - hole arrangement .
An engraving by the German Martin Shongauer ( d , 1491 ) clearly portrays a woman 's garment fastened with buttons , and the opening is the opposite from masculine garb .
( 3 ) So far as I can tell , these are the sole artistic representations of functional buttons on women 's clothing for several hundred years .
Though present in art as early as the mid-1440s , the button takes a while to catch on .
Sandro Botticelli's ( Florentine , 1444 - 1510 ) " Portrait of a Man with a Medal " ( c. 1475 ) shows a blouse - like garment held together at the throat by a string tied just like a shoelace .
His painting in the Sistine Chapel " The Purification of the Leper and the Temptation of Christ " ( c. 1481 ) shows an unlaced blouse , fastened at the top , in which the laces go through holes on the left , then are tied through loops on the right .
A painting by the Master of the Griselda Legend ( Umbrian - Sienese active late XV century ) " Eunestos of Tanagra " ( c. 1495 - 1500 ) indicates masculine clothing that is held together with bows and sashes .
Lucas Cranach the Elder ( German , 1472 - 1553 ) portrays " A Prince of Saxony " ( 1517 ) whose waistcoat is fastened with buttons which do not go through buttonholes , but through loops on the opposite side of the opening .
Alvise Vivarini ( c. 1457 - 1503 ) portrays a man wearing a cap ( charcoal on paper , Frankfort - on - Main , Staedel Art Institute ) whose band - collared shirt is fastened with a row of small , closely spaced buttons , and whose outer garment is adorned with what appear to be ornamental buttons .
The shirt opens to the right .
Andrea Mantegna ( c. 1431 - 1506 ) drew a head of a man ( black chalk and wash on paper , Oxford , Christ Church ) indicating a banded collar undershirt which is fastened at the throat with two small buttons .
The opening is to the right .
Hans Holbein's ( German , 1497 - 1543 ) portrait of Sir Brian Tuke ( 1527 ) shows a large gold collar button , opening to the left .
A portrait by Pontormo ( Florentine , 1494 - 1556 ) of Ugolino Martelli ( c. 1545/50 ) indicates a collar held together at the throat with two buttons , opening to the right .
Titian ( Venetian , c. 1477 -1576 ) clearly shows buttons on his portraits of Cardinal Pietro Bembo ( c. 1540 ) and Ranuccio Farnese ( 1542 ) .
Both portraits have a profusion of buttons , and in both the opening is to the right .
A sculpture entitled " A Jurist " ( c. 1550 ) from the Paduan School , depicts a buttoned waistcoat , opening to the right .
Paintings of the 18th and early 19th centuries indicate buttons in lavish profusion on the costume , both civilian and military , of men .
All of the buttoned garments open to the right , as though all men might at any time gird themselves for battle .
I can detect no use of buttons in any of the paintings of women .
Garments are fastened with ribbons , clasps , brooches , loops and bows , hooks and eyes , but never a button in sight .
On a painting by Winthrop Chandler ( American , 1747 - 1790 ) of Captain Samuel Chandler ( c. 1780 ) I count 20 buttons , and hidden from view there must at the least be 14 more .
On his portrait of Mrs. Samuel Chandler , painted at about the same time , there are none .
In Jaques - Louis David 's ( French , 1748 - 1835 ) famous portrait of Napoleon ( 1812 ) 32 buttons are evident or can be inferred .
No buttons are evident on David 's paintings of women .
In keeping with the masculine nature of the button , its transition to feminine clothing seems to be by way of riding costume .
In a small chalk sketch of three figures ( Berlin , Kupferstichkabinett ) by Antoine Watteau ( 1684 - 1721 ) , the central is of a woman wearing a riding skirt and what appears to be a man 's full - bottomed coat ( the button holes are on the left ) .
The coat is fastened at the waist with one large button .
On her left hand perches a falcon or hawk ( the drawing is vague in this detail , as it is also for the woman 's head and hands ) and her right arm cradles a long - barreled firearm .
The implication of this singular representation of a woman in a man 's coat is that she is hunting , which is a masculine preserve , and is therefore accoutered like a man .
The images on either side are two different views of one woman in the ordinary " Watteau Pleat " dress , which bears no resemblance to the clothing of the central figure .
Riding itself was popularized among the female upper class by Queen Victoria ( 1819 - 1901 ) .
Victoria , who ascended to the throne in 1837 , was the very paragon of bourgeoise virtue in an era when European and American women were more enslaved to fashion than any time since .
As in the sketch of the huntress by Watteau , women 's riding costume is masculinized from the head to the waist .
That a woman should so far unsex herself as to wear a bifurcated garment was simply unthinkable , and women always rode side - saddle .
( 4 ) Therefore , a woman 's riding habit consisted of a man 's top hat with a veil tacked on to it , a man 's collar and tie , a man 's coat and waistcoat and a voluminous skirt .
The sole difference between the riding costume of Watteau 's Diana and that of Victoria 's was the side on which the buttonhole was placed .
Whereas men's garments ( in paintings , at least ) opened to the right , women 's opened to the left .
Ackermann 's Repository , published in London between 1819 and 1829 , published some 450 fashion plates which were meant to inform English ladies of the latest styles and to serve as a dressmaker 's guide .
Women 's clothing from 1825 is suddenly profusely buttoned , and the opening indicated is the same as on men's garments , though the buttons are seemingly more ornamental than functional .
The source of this may be found in the abrupt change in women 's fashions , from the loose chemise - like Empire style , in which the waist is de-emphasized to the point of non-existence , to the tight , tailored clothing that predominates in women 's fashions throughout the rest of the century .
A drawing by Gerhardt Wilhelm von Reutern ( 1794 - 1865 ) indicates two women dressed eerily alike , saving the mirror image of the opening of their buttoned , tailored garments .
This may be an artistic distortion ( indeed , one dress has more buttons than buttonholes ) but the tight garment with both ornamental and functional buttons appears at the same moment in Willingshausen and London alike .
Tailored clothing needs fasteners , and where bows and sashes will do with looser garments , the button -- with its overtones of militarism and masculine power -- takes center stage until the suffragettes and flappers again engage in a bitter struggle for equality between the sexes .
That won , we encounter the next stage in the evolution of feminine couture , the complete adoption of masculine costume .
All that remains is the direction of the opening , and even then on feminine or feminized garments only . ( 5 )
Women 's garments that button up the back also open to the left .
Men 's clothing never buttoned up the back , though on men's most formal clothing -- white tie and tails ( swallowtail coat , tail coat , clawhammer coat ) -- there is a vestigial remnant of equestrian application of buttons on the back to hold the long tails while riding .
The button hole on the tail of the coat has disappeared , however .
These buttons are also often found on men's long overcoats .
There is no reason to believe that Frederick the Great ( ruler of Prussia from 1740 to 1786 ) caused buttons to be sewn onto his soldier 's clothing to prevent them from wiping their noses on their sleeves .
Though it is a good story , earlier paintings of men wearing buttons on their sleeves make this fanciful explanation difficult to accept .
The coat sleeve is unbuttoned in a painting by Jean - Baptiste - Simeon Chardin , ( French 1699 - 1779 , " The House of Cards , c. 1735 ) ; and a man wearing a coat with many buttons as fasteners to a close - fitting lower sleeve ( Franz Hals , Dutch c. 1580 - 1666 , " Portrait of an Officer , c. 1640 ) show functional usage well before that date .
Well - tailored men's suits actually button at the sleeve , though these buttons are not meant to open or close , any more than the lapel button ( surviving mainly as a button hole with no corresponding button opposite ) is meant to close the suit at the throat .
The button hole is a useful place to put a flower or society pin , and that is indeed the use it occupies .
In cheaper suits , the button hole is not opened , but is merely a sewn ornament .
The common windbreaker and similar Eisenhower - style short jackets actually do button functonally at the cuff and collar .
From 1830 onward we find confirmation of the trans - sexual migration of the button in photographs , which have the great virtue of showing real people in real clothing , as opposed to the somewhat suspect presentation of idealized people in idealized ( or wholly imaginary ) garments .
Thereafter , the button is candidly portrayed as part of ordinary men's and women 's clothing in both photography and fine art .
Gustav Courbet 's ( French , 1819 - 1877 ) " Portrait of a Young Girl " ( 1857 ) shows a heavy coat fastened near the collar with a strap , anchored with a large button on either side .
Edouard Manet's ( French , 1832 - 1883 ) painting " The Plum " ( c. 1877 ) portrays a young woman whose dress shows two large buttons on the front , opening to the left .
She also appears to be smoking a cigarette .
His painting of Madame Michel - Lévy ( 1882 ) portrays a tightly - corseted and profusely be -buttoned woman .
The opening is to the left .
August Renoir's ( French , 1841 - 1919 ) painting " Girl with a Watering Can " ( 1876 ) is of a little girl of about four years .
Her shoes are buttoned ( though perhaps with a hook - and - eye arrangement ) and her dress has no less than eleven large buttons ( probably more decorative than functional ) up the front .
The button has completed its journey .
Men 's clothing , in the form of military uniforms , was both mass - produced and standardized , and this significantly predates the mass - production of other clothing .
Distinctive , uniform , military clothing can be dated from Parliament 's " own " army of 1645 , where the costume was of ordinary civilian fashion but with the uniform color throughout the army of red coats and regimental facings of various colors .
Military uniforms employed such a lavish profusion of buttons that the button itself came to be associated , at least in the minds of the Amish , with pride and militarism , and they in consequence prohibit the use of buttons on their clothing to this very day .
( 6 ) Men 's buttoned clothing , originating in a sword - carrying society , opened in such a way that when the right hand reached over to the left side of the body , the sword would not snag on an opening in the garment as it was drawn .
Men abandon the wearing of swords ( except with dress military uniform ) at almost the same time as they adopt modern fashion , which is commonly associated with Beau Brummell ( 1778 - 1840 ) .
A friend of the prince regent ( later George IV ) , he popularized dark , simply cut clothes , elaborate neckwear , and trousers rather than breeches .
Whether consciously or unconsciously , the 19th century equestrienne modified the masculine form of dress in a subtle way : she reversed the opening of the buttoned garment .
Why this was , I can not say .
However , the nineteenth century was one marked to a great extent by social theories , foremost among which was the notion that men and women are and should be different ; in fact , as different as possible ; in fact , different in every particular .
Dress is the most convenient and visible way of showing that people are different from one another , and it is not surprising that the clothing of men and women throughout the nineteenth century makes them appear to belong to different species .
Photographs of California 's hopeful ' 49ers clearly indicate that civilian fashion is not yet fully standardized insofar as the direction of opening is concerned .
Paintings can regularize that which is not in reality regular , whereas photographs do not alter these small matters .
Clothing was made entirely by hand until the invention of the sewing machine ( c. 1850 ) .
As soon as clothing could be mass produced cheaply , which was not until about 1875 , it began to be fully standardized .
Contained within this standardization were many differences that existed at the time , becoming institutionalized without anybody 's being aware of it .
Interestingly , this point in the nineteenth century also represents the most extreme efflorescence of social theories which , taken as a whole , bolster and justify the grossest disparity between men and women .
Women were scientifically demonstrated to be the inferior of men in every respect : morally , physically , emotionally and mentally .
Men did not want to look like women , and , equally important , did not want women to look like men .
Thus , even in so small a matter as buttons , there had to be a visible distinction .
This has continues well into our own time : Boys have consistently rejected styles associated with girls .
The converse is not true , however , for girls .
Girls have consistently added boyish styles to their wardrobe alternatives .
When sailor suits became popular for girls , boys no longer wanted to wear them .
When girls began wearing shorts in the 1930s - 40s , many boys objected to wearing them .
When knee socks became identified as " girls socks " in America , boys rejected them .
Boys do n't want to look like girls , because then boys will treat them like girls .
Girls , however , are perfectly pleased to look like boys , because that 's where the power is .
They still , of course , want to look like girls -- when it suits them .
The next stage in the transition of the button was to regularized the opening side , and found its first skirmishes and decisive battles in women 's trousers , beginning with wearing them -- or anything like them - - at all .
As opposed to the button 's almost silent victory in becoming a legitimate article of feminine attire , the feminine battle for bifurcated garments was hotly and bitterly contested .
Amelia Bloomer 's modest attempt to reform female dress " provoked an almost unbelievable outburst of excitement , ridicule and vituperation .
What we may call the ' trouser complex ' came into full play . "
( Laver , 181 - 182 )
Though her efforts of the 1850's were a failure , the potentially revealing crinoline skirt of the same period necessitated long linen pantaloons edged with lace and reaching to the ankle .
Bloomers finally caught on with the cycling craze of the 1890's , and women factory workers during the years of the Great War were often costumed in baggy coveralls .
The cross-dressing Marlena Dietrich created a vogue among American women for wearing slacks , which received a further boost during the war years when Rosie the Riveter put her hair up and traded her feminine skirts for the masculine pants and coveralls of war production .
Though more feminized garments , such as pedal pushers or capris , zip either up the back or the side , any garment that started out as essentially masculine and had a front fly , even though tailored for the female form , retained the masculine style of opening in the center and from the right .
Women 's upper garments , however , still open the opposite from men's , and there 's no reason to suppose that this will change in the foreseeable future .
Though this would be the last bastion to storm , there may be no reason to storm it as the fortress has already fallen . ( 7 )
The belt as a functional element of men's clothing appears in two separate functions at about the same time :
First is in sports , notably baseball , and later in tennis .
The Knickerbocker Rules for playing baseball date from September 23 , 1845 , and the players of the time wore loose shirts and belted long pants .
The military belt was not intended to hold up the soldier 's trousers .
It was worn around the waist , from which depended various items peculiar to the trade -- canteen , bayonet , and so forth .
Enlisted tended to wear a cross belt over the left shoulder , supporting the heavy ammunition pouch .
Officers wore the cross belt over the right shoulder , supporting the sword , which was worn on the left .
The British officer , Sir Samuel James Browne ( 1824-1901 ) , developed the " Sam Browne " belt , a combination belt and cross strap , with the strap passing over the right shoulder , and the tongue of the belt pointing to the left .
This style was worn by commissioned officers of the British Army and by members of various police forces .
Suspenders worked well enough when a waistcoat and dress coat covered the shoulders and torso , but the more informal styles of the 1920s revealed the man 's waist .
Visible suspenders made the man look undressed , so men began wearing belts to hold up their trousers .
Following the military model , the belt , sans cross strap , buckled with the tongue facing left .
Women 's use of the belt is more to emphasize the waist than to hold anything up .
The direction of the tongue is variable : when the belt is wide and more like a girdle , the direction is often to the right .
When women adopted the masculine pants , however , they followed the masculine model for wearing the belt , which is almost invariably to the left .
The gradual adoption of masculine fashion by women has two salient elements : first , it is a one - way street .
Women adopt masculine styles , whereas men do not adopt feminine styles .
Second , the three great waves of fashion change follow three great waves of social change .
First , the rise of mercantile capitalism in the High Middle Ages and Renaissance is accompanied by the adoption of tailoring for both men and women , though the feminine lower garment remains full and loose , whereas the masculine lower garment bifucates and indicates the actual figure .
The second wave , accompanying the great social and political revolutions of the late 18th century is the adoption by women -- without any fanfare or fuss -- of the button , and this follows the first great wave of feminine consciousness exemplified by such works as Mary Wolstoncraft 's 1792 " Vindication of the Rights of Women , " and Abigail Adams ' famous letter to her husband . ( 8 )
The third ( and perhaps last ) is the taking by storm of the trouser , a real battle that began in the 1850s and only just came to a conclusion ( though in formal situations women who wear trousers are not yet met with glad cries and rejoicing ) .
This last follows two episodic twentieth century battles , the first being Women 's Suffrage , and the second that for reproductive rights .
A nineteenth century observer would be astonished and appalled by the apparent lack of distinction between a modern man 's and woman 's costume , and might not even recognize a group of highschool youths as consisted of both boys and girls .
But it 's easy for us : just look at the buttons .
BIBLIOGRAPHY
James Laver , " The Concise History of Costume and Fashion , " Charles Scribner 's Sons , 1969 ,
Anne Hollander , " Seeing Through Clothes , " Avon , 1976
Anne Hollander , " Seeing Through Clothes , " Avon , 1976 Claudia Bush Kidwell and Valerie Steele , " Men and Women , Dressing the Part " Smithsonian Institution Press , 1989
Madge Garland , " The Changing Form of Fashion , " Praeger , 1970 .
(1) The title " Button , Button " is derived from a chant which accompanies a children 's game , in which children sit in a circle and pass a hidden button from hand to hand and the person who is " it " carefully watches and at the end chants , " Button , button , who 's got the button ? " and tries to guess who had the button in her hand .
If she guesses successfully , the person holding the button becomes " it " and the game resumes .
[ Return to place ]
(2) By " button " I do not mean an ornamental boss , nor do I mean a button which goes through a loop of thread .
I mean a button that fastens to a garment and holds it together by going through a button hole on the opposite flap , so that the garment opening overlaps and does not gape .
[ Return to place ]
(3) Note the backward " S " which , though not typical of Schongauer 's engravings is present in a few others , and is not an indication that the plate is presented backwards .
[ Return to place ]
(4) The degree of strangeness of a woman dressed in man 's clothing is something that we , as residents of the late 20th and early 21st centuries , can scarcely imagine .
The number of women who did cross this boundary was so small and noteworthy , that each one of them has quite nearly a page of history to herself .
The case of Hannah Snell ( 1723 - 1792 ) , the " female soldier " will serve to illustrate :
She was born in Worcester on the 23rd of April , 1723 , the daughter of a hosier .
In order to seek her husband , who had mistreated and abandoned her , in 1745 she donned man 's attire and enlisted as a soldier in Guise 's regiment of foot , but soon deserted , and shipped on board the sloop " Swallow " under her brother - in - law 's name of James Gray .
The " Swallow " sailed in Boscawen 's fleet to the East Indies , and took part in the siege of Araapong .
Hannah served in the assault on Pondicherry , and was wounded , but she succeeded in extracting the bullet without calling in a surgeon .
When recovered , she served before the mast on the " Tarter " and the " Eltham , " but when paid off she resumed woman 's costume .
Her adventures were published as " The Female Soldier , or the Surprising Adventures of Hannah Snell " ( 1750 ) and she afterwards gave public exhibitions wearing military uniform in London .
She died insane in Bethlehem hospital on the 8th of February , 1702 .
( Encyclopaedia Brittanica , 11th Edition , 1910 )
There is good reason to suppose that Joan of Arc was burned not because she was a witch or an enemy of the English , but because she refused to put off men's clothing and dress appropriately to her sex .
Noteworthy also are the histories of Catalina de Erauso ( 1580 (? ) - 1650 (? ) ) , the " Lieutenant Nun ; " Mary Firth ; Christian Davies , Maria Bochkareva ; Angelique Brulon ; Nadezhda Durova , the Napoleonic " Cavalry Maiden , " and Deborah Sampson ( 1760 - 1827 ) .
[ Return to place ]
(5) See my article " Short Skirts , " Communication Arts Magazine , January / February 2000 ( pages 14 - 20 )
[ Return to place ]
(6) They 've taken of his buttons off an ' cut his stripes away ,
An ' they 're hangin ' Danny Deever in the mornin ' .
-- Rudyard Kipling ( 1865 - 1936 ) , " Danny Deever " ( 1892 - 1893 ) [ Return to place ]
(7) When a pattern of behavior becomes institutionalized , change is difficult to impose .
The QWERTY typewriter keyboard is an example of an institutionalized pattern that will probably never change .
The convention of buttons on men's and women 's clothing will change only if women make their clothes conform in that particular to men's , and since there is no compelling reason for that to happen , it likely will not .
[ Return to place ]
( 8 ) . . . in the new code of laws which , I suppose it will be necessary for you to make , I desire you would remember the ladies , and be more generous to them than your ancestors .
Do not put such unlimited power in the hands of husbands .
Remember , all men would be tyrants if they could .
If particular care and attention are not paid to the ladies , we are determined to foment a rebellion , and will not hold ourselves bound to obey the laws in which we have no voice of representation .
- Abigail Adams , excerpt from a letter to her husband , Samuel Adams , March 1776 [ Return to place ]
28/09/03
But there is a special buzz about Mr. Hage ’s establishment , which opened last month .
The question often heard around town these days is this : “ Oh , that Lebanese restaurant , have you seen it ? ”
Image
With its plush red staircase , outdoor tables overlooking the Tigris River and its V.I.P. room ( with an annex for bodyguards ) , the restaurant has no peer in the city in scale or décor .
Credit ... Holly Pickett for The New York Times
The Lebanese Club is part Beirut , part Dubai , part Miami lounge circa “ Scarface , ” without the cocaine .
“ A classy place , ” Mr. Hage says , and though there is a suggestion of maternal praise in his estimation , he is right that the club has no peer in Baghdad , in its scale , ambition or , most certainly , décor .
Red , golds and browns accent the chrome , leather , glass and faux alligator skin on the columns .
The marble came from Lebanon , the parquet from Dubai and the furniture from Indonesia .
A big - screen television is fastened to two - story windows that open to a triple - decked patio .
There , patrons gaze on a view of the Tigris that was once the preserve of the palaces for Saddam Hussein ’s wife and brother - in - law .
At night , Mr. Hage mingles among the clubgoers , ever the host .
“ I prefer to speak French , myself , ” he volunteered .
Mr. Hage , who is Lebanese , proudly so , exudes a somewhat self - conscious panache that celebrates shatara  the Arabic word for cunning and guile with a hint of deception .
( An example of shatara once overheard in Beirut : “ I ’m not going to cheat you , ” a landlord told a prospective tenant .
“ Well , I am going to cheat you , but not a lot . ” )
He also has a knack for making money wherever he goes , however failed the state may be .
Michelle Obama fielded an awkward question on the immigration debate on Wednesday .
It came from a worried young girl who seemed to say that her mother is an illegal immigrant .
The encounter , caught on video , came during a visit by the first lady and Margarita Zavala , the wife of Mexican President Felipe Calderón to a second - grade class in Silver Spring , Md .
When the two visitors took questions from the children , one little girl said , “ My mom said , I think , she says that Barack Obama ’s taking everybody away that does n’t has papers . ”
After Mrs. Obama replied , “ Yeah , well , that ’s something we have to work on , right , to make sure that people can be here with the right kind of papers , right ? ” the girl said “ But my mom does n’t have [ papers ] . ”
The girl ’s final word is difficult to hear on video , because a boy next to her asked “ How do you make papers ? ” at the same moment , but Mrs. Obama seemed to acknowledge that there was a problem , telling the girl , “ Well , we have to work on that .
We have to fix that .
Everybody ’s got to work together on that in Congress to make sure that happens . ”
Deepak Bhargava , executive director of the Center for Community Change , which has been critical of the Obama administration told Jonathan Weisman of the Wall Street Journal :
The little girl was right .
The truth is that more mothers and fathers were deported in Obama ’s first year as president than were deported in the last year under Bush .
Mr. Obama , who so eloquently spoke of the pain and anguish caused by tearing families apart as a candidate , as president has only ramped up that pain and anguish .
Update : The Associated Press reported on Thursday that the federal government is not pursuing the child ’s mother .
As everyone else on the planet I 'm sure , I would like to become a millionaire and within a tight time constraint : 3 short years .
HN is a constant source of excellent articles , amazing intelligent advice and smart people , so how would you go about it ?
Saving , Stocks etc etc ?
And also , please do n't ask as to why I want to have a net worth of $ 1 M and why I would n't just want to get 200k and live comfortably etc .
I 'm just interested in hearing people 's thoughts about this idea :)
Thanks
Do red light cameras flash might be a surprising question to many .
But if you are a driver , then you already know just how important a question this is .
These cameras are designed and stationed in strategic places to keep an eye on drivers .
So when you run the red light , expect a red light ticket sooner or later .
Now , back to the question , do red light cameras flash ?
The answer is , yes !
Red light cameras do flash .
They flash during the day and night , but you will only notice it during the dark .
The thing is some sensors on the road detect reckless drivers who run red lights .
So when one violates , the red light camera would flash .
When this happens , it wo n’t take long before the violator is served a red light ticket or receive a notice for an infraction .
So that is it about red light camera flashing .
However , you can continue reading for more information on this topic .
You should have all you need to make an informed decision after reading .
What The Red Light Camera Flash Means
No one would be happy to get a ticket for a violation relating to red light running .
But then , tons of individuals are being fined daily for such reckless driving .
You will be wondering why anyone would violate traffic laws when there are stricter and well - known punishment for offenders .
But then , it happens , and for reasons best known to the offenders .
Red light camera flashes and it is for a reason .
Also , keep in mind that this camera is n’t there to invade your privacy .
It can only capture the vehicle itself and the plate number , and not the driver or passengers inside the car .
So , nothing indicates that it invades one ’s privacy .
So what does the red light camera flash implies ?
Well , the flash is to capture the vehicle of a traffic violator , which is someone that runs the red light .
The reason is so that the authority can issue the red light violation ticket to the right individual .
The flash also swings into action whenever the traffic enforcement cameras detect a violation relating to red light running .
Red Light Cameras : How Do They Work ?
Most intersections you see have cameras .
Some are conspicuous , but the flash might not be noticeable , particularly during the day .
So if you are driving in a state that permits the mounting of red light cameras at strategic places ( intersections ) , you have to be extremely careful .
Most of these states have signs posted to help inform drivers that there ’re cameras placed at intersections .
If you do n’t find such signs , just take a look at any intersection you come across , you will find at least four big - sized camera boxes mounted there .
Now , these cameras are not to check who drives the latest cars in town .
Their job is to help catch red light violators .
How they catch those who violate is this .
The automatic intersection cameras come designed with three components .
These include traffic light ( signals ) , pavement sensors , and cameras .
Furthermore , all three parts work in harmony , which is something fascinating about them .
When you focus on traffic that goes in one direction , you will find red light cameras mounted at a strategic point .
But then , the cameras ca n’t take pictures or notice a violator without the sensors installed in the pavement .
It ’s these in - road sensors that estimate the speed of an oncoming vehicle that ’s approaching the crosswalk ( limit line ) of the intersection .
What happens is that whenever the red light comes on , and the pavement sensors estimate that a moving vehicle is accelerating too fast to stop , that will automatically trigger the camera .
And , in addition to still shot the camera also videos the violator ’s car while driving through the red light .
Before red light cameras came into the scene , police officers were the ones in charge of chasing drivers who ran red lights .
And even though the process was somewhat successful , engaging in such a hot chase is that it could be dangerous .
The life of other drivers and pedestrians could be in danger .
The red light cameras at intersections are n’t better than police officers .
The only advantage here is that they are much safer when it comes to ticketing red light violators .
However , if you are expecting a red light running will only be a warning , then you should n’t get your hopes high .
Red light running is considered a severe crime .
It is among the factors responsible for a series of road accidents that take place every single year .
The only way you can escape the fine for such offense is to prove that there was an emergency .
Otherwise , you will have no option than to face the consequences of not being patient .
Is Red Light Camera Accurate ?
Issues regarding the accuracy of red light cameras have been raised by many .
These are relevant questions considering the weight of the offense and the fine involved .
Unfortunately , red light cameras are n’t perfect , though relatively accurate .
There are times when the camera might flash , but the driver wo n’t receive a ticket .
It happens a lot .
So , have in mind that tickets are not just issued whenever the camera goes off .
It does when there ’s a violation .
Before a ticket is issued , a thorough review is carried out to figure out whether the crime was committed or not .
An officer or technician reviews the image captured by the red light camera before the final decision is reached .
They are also the ones that would decide whether to issue a ticket or not .
What Would Happen When A Friend Ran A Red Light While Driving Your Car ?
Most people have nothing but love for their friends .
They can lend them their favorite and priced cars and other belongings without minding the outcome .
However , no one expects their friends to return their cars with red light running ticket .
That is terrible news for the vehicle itself and the registered owner .
What happens when a friend ran a red light with your car is that a ticket will be issued .
Unfortunately , even if the person driving the vehicle at the time the offense was committed is not you , the fine payment will be from your pocket .
Failure to pay will put you and your vehicle in more trouble .
The only good thing that will happen is that your buddy ’s reckless driving wo n’t have any effect on your driving record .
It will only affect your bank account a little .
Plus , there ’s also no way you can transfer the financial burden to him or her unless it ’s a mutual agreement between the two of you .
The thing is the red light camera does not capture the face of the driver .
It only captures the licensed plate .
So , whether it ’s your friend that ’s driving , the person expected to take the whole responsibility is the registered owner of the car .
Failure to pay up the ticket can create avoidable problems for you whenever you attempt to renew the vehicle ’s plates .
How To Discover If There ’s A Red Light Running Ticket For You
You might be surprised to find a red light running ticket for a specific location you have n’t visited in weeks .
Maybe you made a trip down that area weeks ago and did n’t think there was a problem .
Well , as long as you traveled down that road , there ’s a high chance that you committed an offense .
Hence the reason the ticket is being issued to you .
I do n’t mean every intersection you come across would result in a red light ticket being issued .
What I mean is ; you might have run the red light without knowing .
Red light tickets are sent to the registered vehicle owner via mail .
In most states , a violation notice is mailed to the violator within certain days after the crime was committed .
But keep in mind that the ticket is n’t usually sent the day the offense took place .
The officer or technician handling the review needs to do a thorough job before a ticket is issued .
So you might get the ticket in your mailbox within 30 to at least 60 days .
What A Red Light Camera Violation Notice Contains
Violation notices with regards to red light running are n’t sent without details of the crime .
The police or whoever is sending the notice needs to include details to help the violator remember the incident .
So the notice might include the following details :
Still photographs of the vehicle
A link to watch the video of the offense
The location , time , and date the crime was committed .
The amount of the fine the offender has to pay
Methods of payment
Options for offenders who wish to contest the ticket
Conclusion
Do red light cameras flash is the question , and the answer is yes !
It does flash , but you will notice it better during the dark .
These cameras , including the traffic lights , were mounted at intersections to help reduce accidents .
States that have them have recorded massive reduction in accidents at such accident - prone spots .
And remember , there are fines for individuals that violate .
So make sure you drive carefully to avoid being fined for running a red light .
You May Like This Article As Well :
Do All Traffic Lights Have Cameras ?
Photo by Lee Yu Kyung , Bangkok .
Statements by the New Anti-Capitalist Party of France , Socialist Alliance of Australia , the Socialist Party of Malaysia , the Fourth International , Focus on Global South , Australia Asia Worker Links .
See also Asia - Pacific left statement -- ` Resolve crisis through democracy , not crackdown ! ' , by Asian left and progressive organisations .
* * *
New Anti-Capitalist Party : Stop repression in Thailand
By the New Anti-Capitalist Party / Nouveau Parti Anticapitaliste ( NPA ) , France
May 19 , 2010 -- Despite the repeated demands of the leaders of the United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship ( UDD ) to negotiate a truce , the Abhivit Vejjajiva government deployed military tanks “ to clean ” the Rachaprasong district and gave the order to the army to shoot the Red Shirts who have been occupying a part of Bangkok .
Repression has thus further escalated .
Already these past days , the snipers and the military were responsible for dozens of deaths .
The Red Shirts have been demanding for new elections and for the resignation of the prime minister , put in place in December 2008 owing to a reversal of the parliament alliance organised by the military .
The government thus chose to crush all democratic protests against the elite in power .
To avoid more bloodshed and deaths , leaders of the RedShirts decided to stop fighting and to surrender .
The NPA ( France ) , in solidarity with the Thai toiling masses , condemns the repression that is now going on and demands the stop of military intervention against the Red Shirts .
The imposition of the curfew upon
Thai society will , like a lead weight , stifle democratic freedoms .
The assassination of demonstrators asking for justice and the respect of democracy is in no way a solution to this political conflict .
We call for international solidarity in defence of the Red Shirts and their leaders to protect them from state vengeance which could put their lives in danger .
New Anti-Capitalist Party : ` Stop immediately the army ’s intervention !'
By the New Anti-Capitalist Party , France
May 17 , 2010 -- Repression in Thailand has taken a dramatic turn .
For four days now , the army has been attacking the Red Shirts who have occupied the business district of Bangkok , demanding social justice and democracy .
Though impossible to know the exact number of victims , at least fifty demonstrators have already been killed .
Snipers even went into action as shown by the fate of Sae Deng , security chief of the Red Shirts , who received a shot in the head while being interviewed by a journalist .
With the centre of Bangkok in a state of siege , the Thai crisis reached today a point of no return .
While signs appear of the Royal Palace ’s crisis of succession and with the present regime ’s total loss of legitimacy , it is to be feared that the government of Abhisit Vejjajiva , the military , the bureaucratic elite and the monarchy will do anything to take back the control over the situation .
A bloodbath can no longer be excluded .
The New Anticapitalist Party [ Nouveau Parti Anticapitaliste ( NPA ) , France ] is keen in affirming its solidarity with the workers , peasants and the urban poor , who form the bulk of the Red Shirts ’ demonstrators .
It salutes the determination that they have shown .
It calls on all progressive forces in France to demand together an immediate stop of the army ’s intervention , the end of all censure of information , the respect of the right to organise , to strike and to demonstrate .
Facing this emergency , international solidarity should be reaffirmed without delay .
New Anti-Capitalist Party
Nouveau Parti Anticapitaliste ( NPA ) , France
Le 17 mai 2010
Rudd government must cut ties with Thai regime !
Stop the slaughter of protesters !
By Socialist Alliance , Australia
May 19 , 2010 -- “ The Rudd government should immediately pressure the Thai regime to send its rampaging military back to the barracks and stop slaughtering Red Shirt protesters and innocent bystanders in Bangkok by immediately suspending diplomatic ties with Thailand ” , Rachel Evans , Socialist Alliance lead Senate candidate for New South Wales , said today .
“ After scores killed and at least 2000 injured since April the situation in Bangkok is shaping up as another Tiananmen Square massacre — Australia cannot just stand by and watch tragedy unfold .
“ The Rudd government must act against this blood - stained regime , which has sent snipers and assassination squads into the centre of Bangkok to kill unarmed civilians in their ‘ live firing zone ’ . ”
The Socialist Alliance spokesperson stressed that Australian trade with Thailand gave Canberra a lot of leverage over the unelected regime of Abhisit Vejjajiva .
“ Thailand is Australia ’s eighth biggest trading partner — Canberra should threaten immediate suspension of economic , political and diplomatic ties . ”
Evans said : “ The Australian government should tell Bangkok that it will suspend diplomatic ties until the Abhisit regime agrees to submit itself to the test of a general election .
“ The Abhisit regime is only in power because the army and the judiciary have repeatedly frustrated democratic processes since the 2006 coup against the elected caretaker government of Thaksin Shinawatra .
“ For years the Thai military , business and judicial elites have used their power to exploit and repress the majority .
Before today , they shot down pro-democracy demonstrators in 1973 , 1976 , 1992 and 2009 . ”
Evans concluded : “ The Socialist Alliance stands in solidarity with the Red Shirt fighters for democracy in Thailand .
We call on the Rudd government , and all other Australian political forces , to support people who are struggling and dying for the democratic rights we take for granted in this country . ”
Thailand : End violent assaults on Red Shirt protesters !
Ahbisit must resign and elections now !
By the Socialist Party of Malaysia
May 15 , 2010 -- The Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM ) condemns Ahbisit Vejjajiva 's government and the military of Thailand for the latest round of violent assaults on pro-democracy Red Shirt protesters in Bangkok .
The military - installed Ahbisit government launched its recent attacks on pro-democracy Red Shirt protesters beginning May 13 , 2010 , but cutting of basic supplies to the protesters ’ camp and firing live rounds has left at least 50 people dead and scores injured .
Such harsh action taken by Ahbisit ’s government following the bloody crackdown on April 10 , 2010 , shows that Ahbisit ’s “ road map ” for reconciliation is flawed and that he has no intention of restoring democracy in Thailand .
Red Shirt pro-democracy protesters converged on Bangkok on March 14 , 2010 , and have continued until today because of the refusal of the military - backed Ahbisit government to resign and hold fresh elections .
Twenty - five people were killed and hundreds injured on April 10 , 2010 , when troops tried to clear protesters in Bangkok .
Violence continues in Thailand as the unelected government continues to rule .
Royalist Yellow Shirts have also threatened to resume their fascistic protests and support the use of repressive laws and violence against the pro-democracy movement .
Ahbisit , who came into power through a fascist and judicial coup , must be held responsible for all the lives lost in the clashes and resign immediately .
Further repression would not stop the ongoing conflict .
The Red Shirt pro-democracy movement has grown into the largest democratic movement in the history of Thailand and has shaken the power structure of the ruling elite , especially the royalists .
The class struggle in Thailand has been intensified yet the challenge ahead is tremendous .
If the Thai pro-democracy movement can overthrow oligarchic rule through massive mobilisation from below and not through another military coup , it will be a great step forward for the Thai people in the task of building a real democracy with social justice based on people 's power .
The PSM reiterates its stand in supporting the mass pro-democracy movement of the Red Shirts in Thailand in their struggle for democracy and justice .
PSM calls for :
The immediate resignation of the military - installed Ahbisit government and the holding of fresh democratic elections .
Lifting of emergency in Bangkok and 16 other provinces , withdrawal of all troops and restoration of civilian rule .
A halt to all forms of violent crackdown and blockade against Red Shirt protesters .
Respect the right of the people to organise , to protest and to strike .
Bringing all Thai people together in an effort to solve political and socioeconomic problems , recognising that such efforts must stem from the power of the people .
Released by
Choo Chon Kai , International Bureau ,
Socialist Party of Malaysia / Parti Sosialis Malaysia ( PSM )
Fourth International : Repression against the Red Shirts must cease immediately !
Stop the assassinations !
Abhisit Resign !
By the Bureau of the Fourth International
May 17 , 2010 --
For five days the soldiers have been organising a new “ black May ” in Thailand .
The Abhisit Vejjajiva government has sent the troops to shoot with live ammunition at unarmed demonstrators and authorised snipers in ambush to assassinate its opponents , as in the case of general Sae Deng .
In order to justify what is unjustifiable , the government has accused some of the demonstrators of “ terrorism ” and organised a disgraceful blockade of the Rachaprasong district ; water and electricity have been cut .
Supplies cannot get through to the demonstrators .
Radio and TV transmissions in the district have been stopped .
These “ terrorists ” are thousands of men , women and children , ordinary people who are fighting against rulng - class justice in Thailand and for the re-establishment of democracy .
Their watchword : resignation of Abhisit , who has no legitimacy because his government was put in place by the army when parliamentary alliances changed in December 2008 .
If Abhisit were legitimate , he would have agreed to the request of the Red Shirts to respect the verdict of the ballot boxes .
Instead of that he is showing his political weakness .
He is trying to silence dissident voices by censorship and repression .
His only chance of staying in power lies in the ability of the army to break the Redshirts movement by violence and repression .
More than 65 people have been killed since the beginning of April and the violence continues .
Abhisit must resign immediately and account to the courts for the deaths for which he is the primary person responsible .
Negotiations must open with the Red Shirts representatives to organise the dissolution of the parliament and hold elections as soon as possible .
The Fourth International salutes the courage of the Red Shirts who have been waging an exemplary fight for several weeks and are now suffering the attacks of the army .
It stands resolutely at their side .
[ The Fourth International is an international organisation struggling for the socialist revolution .
It is composed of sections , of militants who accept and apply its principles and program .
Organised in separate national sections , they are united in a single worldwide organisation acting together on the main political questions , and discussing freely while respecting the rules of democracy . ]
Suppression of dissent and resultant violence cannot resolve conflicts : The Thai government and UDD must urgently return to the negotiating table Statement from Focus on the Global South May 17 , 2010 --
The steps taken by the Thai Government in the past week , especially after the failure of the five - steps reconciliation proposal to gain acceptance by the United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship ( UDD ) , are totally unacceptable .
The Government must take full responsibility for the deaths and injuries that ensued .
Violence , suppression of dissent , and the violation of peoples ’ civil and political rights , including coup d’etats , cannot resolve the conflicts that have gripped Thai society .
The use of weapons of war , whether by the Government or by all other parties , which amounts to abusing the lives of fellow human beings for political gains , must be unequivocally condemned .
Focus on the Global South joins several Thai civil society members in strongly calling that : 1 ) the Thai Government immediately stop firing at people and pull back all of its armed personnel from all the conflict zones , unconditionally ; 2 ) the UDD leaders call all their members and supporters back to the main camp and refrain from all violent means of demonstration ; 3 ) both the Government and the UDD agree without any delay to return to the negotiation process with full commitment to serving the interests of all Thai society , rather than selected factions or groups , as the basis for negotiations ; 4 ) the Thai Government ’s commitment in these negotiations be no less than the five - steps reconciliation proposal which the Government announced to the Thai public and international community ; 5 ) all the parties involved in causing deaths and injuries in the past 2 months assume responsibility for their actions and submit themselves equally to judicial processes , and ; 6 ) the Government and UDD accept the presence of national - international human rights monitors to monitor peaceful resolution of the current conflicts , including the new elections ; Political differences should not be used by any side to foment hatred .
We urge the Thai Government and all members of Thai society to commit to peace and equity as non-negotiable principles in the resolution of all conflicts .
Soldiers :
Do n't shoot !
No to Abhisit !
No to Thaksin !
Yes to workers ' government !
By Australia Asia Worker Links
April 30 , 2010 --
This is a time of crisis for workers in Thailand .
The Abhisit government must go .
To achieve democratic rights and economic justice the working people of Thailand have to defeat the Abhisit government and the Thai army .
But replacing the current government with Thaksin or with a general who switches sides will not change the economic conditions of exploitation imposed by capitalist companies operating in Thailand .
Workers can resolve this situation if they intervene as an organised workers ' movement .
Only direct democratic control of workplaces and communities by assemblies of working people can begin to restructure the economy in favour of the great majority of the population .
All workers in the region and globally must support protest actions and international industrial action and solidarity to assist workers in Thailand .
Download leaflet
Send protest letter
[ Australia Asia Worker Links .
PO Box 45 , Carlton South , Victoria 3053 , Australia .
Tel : ( 61 3 ) 9663 7277 .
Email : aawl@aawl.org.au .
Web : http://www.aawl.org.au.]
A caption of " no , I did not photoshop this " accompanied this silly picture and I did n't believe it .
I still do n't , but that 's just because I have proof :
The crop tool was used .
Here 's the original image :
Advertisement
Yeah , that 's right .
I 'm on to you !
Just try to fool me , you crop tool using liar .
[ Tree Hugger via Twitter ]
• Tournament Mode is a head - to - head in single - elimination tournament with brackets , which works with 4 or 8 players .
• You can watch other tournament matches in progress while you 're waiting for your turn and voice chat .
Players competing can hear you as well , but if it annoys you , there 's a mute option .
• To help with lag , spectators will be a little bit behind the actual match that 's being played .
• Tournament Mode works with SSFIV 's recording feature .
• There are no battle points or rankings , but Tournament Mode will give players unique and special online titles , which can be won and lost from other players .
• Character selection is double - blind .
• Tournaments will continue on even if a participating player drops out .
• While the max amount of people a tournament can hold is 8 players , a 9th person can be there as the host .
If the host drops , another will be found .
Click images for larger versions
Forwards
This is a very close matchup .
Both teams have high - powered offenses that ranked third and fourth in total goals during the regular season .
The Sharks are no longer solely powered by the Big Three , which is a good thing considering they have only combined for 8 goals over two series .
Instead , the second line of Setoguchi , Clowe , and especially Pavelski has paced the offense .
Those three have combined for 16 goals , almost half the Sharks total goals .
This gives the Sharks much - needed depth .
Teams can no longer content themselves with solely shutting down the Thornton line ; they must focus on others as well .
This might be the biggest change from other Shark teams .
The top players on Chicago are outperforming the top players on the Sharks .
Jonathan
Toews leads the playoffs in scoring with 20 points ; Patrick Kane is second with 15 ( this ties him with San Jose point leader , Joe Pavelski ) .
These are two of the best young players in the game today .
Chicago also boasts a very balanced attack .
During the regular season they had six 20 - goal scorers and 11 with at least 10 goals .
Slight Edge : Chicago
Defence
Chicago has the best defensive pairing in the entire league ( Keith and Seabrook ) .
Keith is a Norris Trophy finalist who along with Seabrook played a significant role in Canada ’s Olympic gold medal .
They played well against the Sedin twins in the second round , limiting them to only three goals in six games .
The return of Brian Campbell has definitely solidified the rest of the Chicago defence .
He gives them an added offensive threat from the blueline , without hurting them defensively .
The rest of the Chicago defence is solid , if not spectacular .
If San Jose has a weakness it would be their defence .
Rob Blake is 40 - years - old and is no longer the number one defenceman he once was .
I would n’t say he ’s running on fumes , but he can be exploited by Chicago 's quickness .
2010 Olympian Dan Boyle is the anchor of the San Jose defence and is better offensively than he is defensively .
I ’ll refrain from joking about his two own goals this playoffs , but he seriously better start putting the puck in Chicago ’s net if the Sharks hope to advance .
Boyle is n’t your prototypical number one defenceman and is miles behind both Keith and Seabrook .
Edge : Chicago
Goaltending
This is n’t exactly an elite match - up in nets .
Evgeni Nabokov is a great regular season goalie , but has yet to perform up to his standards in the playoffs .
This year is no exception .
After posting a sizzling 1.76 GAA and .926 % against the heavy underdog Avalanche he played uneven against the Red Wings .
He had a 3.37 GAA and .886 % , although these numbers are skewed thanks to a 7 - 1 Wings beatdown in game 4 .
Nabokov was 1 - 1 - 2 with a 3.78 GAA against the Blackhawks during the regular season and will need to be better for the Sharks to advance .
Antti Niemi has played inconsistently throughout the playoffs , but has been a stopper when the Hawks need him to be .
In game 6 against the Canucks , Niemi stopped 29 of 30 shots to help the Hawks eliminate the Canucks .
Niemi has n’t really separated himself from Nabokov these playoffs and they both have similar numbers .
Niemi has a 2.57 GAA and a .909 % .
Both goalies have their baggage .
This is Niemi ’s first season as a starter , while Nabokov has a history of playing poorly in the playoffs , specifically big games .
It ’s basically a tossup between the two , but I ’ll give the edge to the Sharks based on Nabokov ’s experience ( um , albeit losing experience … ) .
Edge : San Jose
Special Teams
One of the main reasons why Chicago defeated the Canucks was their tremendous power - play .
The Canucks insisted upon taking bad penalty after bad penalty and the Blackhawks made them pay .
Chicago scored seven goals in 28 opportunities over the six game series with the Canucks and have a power - play operating at 21.6 % throughout the entire playoffs .
San Jose has scored the same amount of power - play goals as the Hawks ( 11 ) , but have done so in seven more opportunities .
Chicago has allowed only six power - play goals against in a total of 53 times short - handed for an 88.7 % efficiency .
San Jose has allowed the same amount , but in only 38 times short - handed .
Chicago is also much deadlier when short - handed , scoring 3 goals with a man in the box .
The most famous of which tied game 5 against the Predators and sent the game to overtime where the Hawks eventually won on a Marian Hossa goal .
Edge : Chicago
Coaching
San Jose coach Todd McLellan has done a remarkable job taking the Sharks to the Conference Finals , which is saying a lot about the Sharks ’ playoff history considering this is a stacked team .
Whatever he ’s said to the Big Three must be working since they ’ve all improved their game since the opening round .
This is McLellan ’s second year as the San Jose coach and spent his previous NHL coaching career under Detroit guru Mike Babcock .
He spent two years as an assistant in Detroit and had the task of handling the Red Wings ’ forwards and power - play .
McLellan ’s counterpart , Joel Quenneville , is in his 13th season as a head coach , and is on his third team during that time frame .
This will be his third time taking a team to the Conference Finals ( 2001 with St. Louis and 2009 with Chicago being the other two ) .
He ’s also won a Stanley Cup as an assistant coach with the Avalanche in 1996 .
This matchup might come down to who is able to make their professional athletes recognize when to jump on and off the ice at acceptable times .
The too many men on the ice calls are off the charts this post - season .
You ’d think everyone would have this down by now .
Edge : Chicago
How they got there
Both teams had a more difficult time than expected in the opening round , being pushed to six games by the Avalanche and Predators .
In the second round the Sharks beat the Red Wings in 5 games , stumbling only in game 4 ’s 7 - 1 meltdown in which the Red Wings came out blazing .
Despite the 4 - 1 series outcome it was n’t a total white wash , as the Sharks only won their games by a single goal .
Still , they defeated the defending Western Conference champions in a mere 5 games .
That ’s impressive .
The Hawks had a slightly harder time with their second round opponents .
They were blasted in the first game by the Canucks , but rallied and blew out Vancouver in four of the next five games .
They even clinched the series with a resounding 5 - 1 thumping on the road .
Slight Edge : San Jose
Psychological
Any doubts that the Sharks had in themselves were clearly washed away following their 4 - 1 series beating of the Red Wings .
On an individual basis , Joe Thornton had one of his best playoff series against the Red Wings , scoring 3 goals and 5 assists in five games .
He even played with a physical edge .
If the Sharks are over their playoff history then this could be a very , very good series and the Sharks are definitely a team to be reckoned with .
The Hawks were able to overcome a brutal first game against the Canucks in which they were soundly defeated 5 - 1 at home .
Any complacency they felt after the first round was wiped away immediately following the loss .
They have looked like a ferocious team ever since .
Edge : Even
Experience / Leadership
The Sharks have three Stanley Cup winners on their team ( Boyle , Wallin , and Blake ) , while the Blackhawks boast three as well ( Madden , Ladd , and Kopecky ) .
Both Boyle and Blake were major contributors on their cup winning teams ( Tampa Bay in 2004 and Colorado in 2001 ) .
Out of the three Chicago Cup winners only John Madden made a major impact on his team ’s fortunes and that was not as a top - line forward .
However , he has won the Stanley Cup twice .
Both teams sent major players to the Olympics this year .
Chicago ’s Toews , Keith , and Seabrook won Gold for Canada , while Kane brought home a Silver for the USA .
San Jose ’s Thornton , Heatley , Marleau , and Boyle won Gold with Canada , but did not play as an integral role in the later parts of the tournament .
Their insta-chemistry definitely paced Canada during the first few games , but by the end of the tournament Toews had become Canada ’s best forward and Keith their best defenceman .
Pavelski won a Silver for the USA .
This is the first time the Sharks have made it to the Conference Finals since 2004 when they were defeated by the upstart Flames .
Chicago made it to the Conference Finals last season and were defeated by the battled - hardened Red Wings .
I think the Hawks have learned a lot from that series and now know what it takes to make the next step .
Slight Edge : Chicago
Prediction : Hawks in 6
The Conference Finals begin tomorrow and in the infinite wisdom of Gary Bettman and the NHL they will both start on the same day .
Stupid .
This is definitely to placate NBC who tend to bear with slotting the NHL on Sunday afternoons .
The Western Conference Finals begin at 2:30 pm and feature the ( 1 ) Sharks and the ( 2 ) Blackhawks .
The Eastern Conference Finals start at 7:00 pm and feature the ( 7 ) Flyers and the ( 8 ) Canadiens .
The seedings immediately jump out .
The playoffs are a wacky time .
To get everyone ready for the big match - ups I have prepared a comprehensive breakdown of both Conference Finals .
I ’ll post the Eastern Conference breakdown sometime tomorrow afternoon .
Maybe I ’ll be nursing a hang - over and will fill it with plenty of bitter jabs at the Habs .
But for now here ’s the Western Conference breakdown .
May 14th , 2010
Here ’s an example of how there ’s usually a simple solution to a direction handed down from a network ’s department of standards & practices .
So if you ’ve watched the episode “ Wizard ” you know a large meteor blast at the cartoon ’s end renders Finn , Jake , and a pair of old wizards naked as jaybirds .
In an act of self - censorship , the design crew originally covered up the fellas ’ privates with a couple of beavers ( see above ) .
This double entendre was way out of line , of course , and the network rightly put its foot down .
Luckily , cooler creative heads prevailed , and the designers chastely gave the guys wood , instead ( below ) .
– Eric
Taoiseach Brian Cowen says taxpayers will never get back the 22 billion euro pumped into Anglo Irish Bank
Taoiseach Brian Cowen has admitted that taxpayers will never get back the 22 billion euro pumped into Anglo Irish Bank .
The revelation sparked fury from the Opposition benches in the Dail with demands that public money stop being poured into a " black hole " .
Under pressure , Mr Cowen confirmed remarks from the nationalised bank 's chief executive Mike Aynsley last week that the " lion 's share " of the Anglo bailout will " never be seen again " .
" It 's clear that in relation to where shareholders ' funds are n't sufficient to meet the losses of the bank - and where the taxpayer had to come in to fill those losses - they are the losses being taken on by the taxpayer , " he said .
" It 's clear in relation to that bank , that is the situation . "
Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny said Mr Cowen made a personal promise to the Irish people in October 2008 - at the time of the bank guarantee scheme - that they would not be held accountable for the banking bailout .
He questioned why the Government was now borrowing vast sums to pay off Anglo debts while professional shareholders were n't being asked to share the pain .
" It makes absolutely no sense for the government to continue with the policy of borrowing money to put into a black hole , " he said .
Mr Kenny said 11 billion euro to be cut from public project spending cuts over the next three years would cost 40,000 jobs .
Yet , creating employment was the only way out of the crisis , he said .
PA Media
Experimental ' scramjet ' sets hypersonic record as it flies at six times the speed of sound
Arcing through the hazy air above California , this is the incredible sight of a scramjet as it flies at six times the speed of sound .
The experimental aircraft set a record for hypersonic flight , blazing through the air for more than three minutes at Mach 6 , or more than 4,500 mph .
The X - 51A Waverider scramjet was released from a B - 52 bomber last week before its engine took it to Mach 6 and it flew autonomously for 200 seconds .
Scramjets work by using oxygen rushing in through the engine at supersonic speeds to ignite hydrogen fuel .
[ caption ]
In a conventional jet engine , spinning blades suck air into the engine and compress it for combustion .
The next step up is the ramjet engine , powered by fuel burning after subsonic air is forced into the engine by the speed of the aircraft .
But in scramjets , so - called because they are ' supersonic combustion ramjets ' , airflow throughout the engine remains supersonic - using the oxygen in the incoming air to ignite hydrogen fuel .
The expanding hot gases from combustion accelerate the exhaust air to create tremendous thrust .
The engines could slash satellite launch costs , because there is no need for liquid oxygen as fuel .
The U.S. space shuttle has to carry more than a million pounds of liquid oxygen each time it lifts off .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
The U.S Air Force said the previous record for a hypersonic scramjet burn was 12 seconds .
‘ We are ecstatic to have accomplished many of the X - 51A test points during its first hypersonic mission , ’ said Charlie Brink , an X - 51A program manager with the Air Force Research Laboratory .
‘ We equate this leap in engine technology as equivalent to the post - World War II jump from propeller - driven aircraft to jet engines , ’ Mr Brink said .
A passenger plane traveling at Mach 6 would cut the flight time from London to Sydney to little more than two hours .
Dr Andrew Coates , of the Mullard Space Science Lab at University College London , said the effects for passengers aboard a scramjet - powered plane would be ' more akin to space travel than airline travel ' .
They would need protective clothing to counteract the effects of the G - forces pressing on the body during acceleration to 5,000 mph .
British scientists have worked on designs for scramjets but do not expect one to be available for commercial flights until at least 2020 .
When most people think of cardio , they think of long , boring jogs , or endless hours on the elliptical .
I ’ve got good news for you : there ’s a method of cardio that takes much less time and is far superior to jogging to help you burn fat .
It ’s called High Intensity Interval Training ( HIIT ) and this article will give you the basics so you can take your body to a new fitness level .
The picture to the right shows an extreme example of the different training outcomes of a marathoner ( “ steady state ” cardio ) and sprinter ( high intensity interval training cardio ) .
While these people obviously have different body types and genetics , the photo is still revealing .
What is High Intensity Interval Training ?
High Intensity Interval Training alternates between high - intensity and low - intensity exercise .
For example , sprinting for 30 - seconds , then walking for 60 - seconds is high intensity interval training .
HIIT can be used both anaerobically in the gym with weights and aerobically with cardio .
Why Is HIIT the Best Cardio to Burn Fat ?
Exercise physiologists used to believe that “ steady state ” cardio was superior for fat loss because relatively more fat is used by the body as fuel at lower exercise intensities than at higher intensities .
The “ Fat Burning Zone ” shown on most cardio equipment as only 60 % - 65 % of max heart rate is really a myth and is NOT optimal for burning fat .
Yes , you burn more fat relative to glycogen when going for a walk , but what we care about is total fat burn .
At higher intensities , you are burning far more fat , even though the fat / glycogen ratio is lower .
In addition , interval training allows you to exercise at very high intensities for a much longer period of time than steady state , so you burn more fat .
As an added bonus , there ’s also an afterburn effect known as EPOC ( excess - post exercise oxygen consumption ) .
You increase your metabolism and burn more calories for up to 24 hours after interval training , whereas going for a jog burns almost NO calories after .
My 12 - Week BuiltLean Transformation Program is based on HIIT because it ’s so effective at burning fat .
Other HIIT Benefits
There are a number of great benefits to High Intensity Interval Training besides serious fat burn that include :
• Increased Aerobic Capacity –
The amount of oxygen your body can use ( oxygen uptake ) is increased , so your overall aerobic capacity can increase faster than with low intensity endurance exercise
• Increased Lactate Threshold – Your ability to handle increased lactic acid buildup in your muscles increases
• Improved Insulin Sensitivity – Your muscles more readily suck in glucose , instead of the glucose going to your fat stores
• Anabolic Effect – Some studies show that interval training combined with consuming slightly more calories than you burn creates an anabolic effect , which helps you put on muscle .
The opposite occurs with steady state cardio , which for long durations is catabolic .
Sample HIIT Workout
If you are a beginner , I would recommend only trying HIIT if you can do a session of cardio for 20 - 30 minutes at 70 - 85 % of your max heart rate .
You can still try interval training , but at a lower exercise intensity and beginners should always wear a heart rate monitor .
NOTE : Interval training should begin with a 3 - 5 minute warm up and end with a 3 - 5 minute cool down to prevent dizziness , or nausea .
Here ’s a sample HIIT workout that ’s simple , but effective :
30 Seconds Sprint / Fast Jog
60 Seconds Walk / Slow Jog
I do this HIIT workout all the time on a treadmill , jumping rope , or doing kettlebell swings .
The duration of “ work ” is 30 seconds , and my “ rest ” is 60 seconds .
The work / rest ratio in this case is 30 / 60 , or 1 to 2 .
I shoot for 5 - 10 cycles , depending on the type of cardio I ’m doing and if it ’s right after strength training .
The better shape you are in , the higher intensity you can handle and the higher the work / rest ratio .
For example , well trained athletes can use a 2 to 1 work / rest ratio , so they are training hard for 30 seconds and only resting for 15 seconds .
That ’s tough !
Any type of cardio can be used with interval training , but I would caution against running more than a few times per week , because the demands on your metabolic system and joints are significant .
For beginners , I recommend the elliptical , which is lower impact .
Swimming , jumping rope , cycling etc. can all work well as training modalities .
I rarely go for just a jog unless I just want to clear my head , or get a little sweat .
Jogging is child ’s play compared to HIIT , which is substantially more effective to help you burn fat in less time and take your body to a MUCH higher fitness level .
When we last met NASA science officer Don Pettit , he was demonstrating the behavior of water bubbles in microgravity .
Today , Pettit shows us how astronauts can use CD players to MacGyver a gyroscopically stabilized platform for holding flashlights and other tools .
It 's awesome , and it's part of a series of Saturday morning science videos that Pettit did for NASA in 2003 .
You can watch more of them online , and read his text - based Space Chronicles newsletter from around the same time period .
Good luck getting anything accomplished today .
For more on gyroscopes :
Exclusive Police face accusations of incompetence after accidentally emailing a file detailing the results of thousands of criminal records checks to a Register journalist .
The author of the email at Gwent Police is now facing a gross misconduct investigation and potential sacking over the incident , which came to light this week .
The file — a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet which was not encrypted or password protected — contained the full names and dates of birth of 10,006 people in jobs or applying for jobs where a Criminal Records Bureau ( CRB ) disclosure is required .
It detailed the results of the checks going back to 2001 and so identified 863 people as having been in trouble with police .
In many cases it recorded their occupations , including dozens of taxi drivers , school and hospital workers .
Personal details and whether a CRB disclosure was made on foster carers , IT technicians and pest controllers was also included in the spreadsheet .
The Register has now deleted the file in cooperation with Gwent Police ’s professional standards officers , who travelled to our London offices two days after being contacted .
Investigators are blaming human error for the data breach , rather than the system design .
It occurred when the author of the email — a member of the force ’s CID data management unit — used the autocomplete function in Novell ’s email software to include the journalist ’s address along with those of five Gwent Police officials in the “ CC ” field of the message .
The Register address had been automatically saved by the system after it was used to submit two unrelated Freedom of Information requests last year .
IT workers were immediately called in by chief constable Mick Giannasi to tighten system security so similar incidents cannot occur in the future .
Gwent Police has now reported the breach to the Information Commissioner , as required under the Data Protection Act , and to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
Meanwhile the individuals whose CRB results were leaked are being contacted to reassure them the sensitive information will not be published .
The incident will nevertheless embarrass ministers , who have mostly avoided serious data losses since a spate in 2007 prompted a review of information security across Whitehall .
Although police chief constables are responsible for their own data protection standards , the fact that some of the most sensitive information officialdom holds can be accidentally sent out as an unprotected spreadsheet will renew criticism of government data gathering and handling efforts .
The Home Office , responsible for policing and the CRB system , is not allowed to respond to press questions during the election campaign because of impartiality rules .
Gwent Police asked The Register to consider not publishing a story about its serious data breach saying it would undermine public confidence in the force , but we declined .
Gail Foley , Gwent Police ’s “ senior manager of public confidence ” , said the force was very sorry over the breach and that its investigation continued . ®
Bootnote
Gwent Police has a help line on 01495 745430 for anyone with concerns .
Image caption Targets were used by Labour to drive through improvement
Patients in England will no longer be guaranteed a GP appointment within 48 hours under a scaling back of NHS targets .
Instead , doctors will be allowed to prioritise patients , affecting up to 189 m consultations a year .
Changes will also be made to the four - hour A&E and 18 - week hospital treatment waiting time targets .
Health Secretary Andrew Lansley announced the moves , which represent a major shift in policy from Labour .
The previous government used targets as a way of driving through improvement .
But in the lead up to the election the Tories claimed it was time to move away from the target culture and instead focus more on the quality of treatment .
We have always supported reviewing the targets , they have been so heavily criticised and some had no substantial clinical evidence supporting them Katherine Murphy , Patients Association
Mr Lansley said : " I want to free the NHS from bureaucracy and targets that have no clinical justification and move to an NHS which measures its performance on patient outcomes .
" Doctors will be free to focus on the outcomes that matter - providing quality patient care . "
GPs have long complained the 48 - hour target can put the most seriously - ill patients at risk as appointments get clogged up with people who do not need immediate access .
Dr Laurence Buckman , of the British Medical Association , said : " We would welcome the scrapping of this target as it will give GPs greater flexibility to organise their appointment booking system in a way that best suits their local patient population . "
But the Patients Association said it was concerned about the speed of the changes .
Spokeswoman Katherine Murphy said while moving away from targets was the " right idea " , it was important to have something in place first to stop a " free for all " .
The changes in the other areas are seen as much less radical .
The hospital waiting target move is more relevant to managers than patients .
The guidance makes it clear hospitals will still be expected to see patients in 18 weeks , but they will not have to prove it to local managers , meaning less paper - work .
Meanwhile , the threshold for seeing A&E patients within four hours will be lowered from 98 % of patients to 95 % .
The move is just the start of what will be a complete change in how performance is managed in emergency departments .
A new measurement is likely to be introduced , which is likely to include an element of waiting alongside other factors such as access to scans .
The idea , again , is to focus on quality rather than just what is deemed to be the rather blunt instrument of waiting time .
In the guidance issued to the NHS in England , Mr Lansley also makes it clear that these changes can help save money on management - 46 % in the coming years .
However , that still equates to a modest saving for the health service as management accounts for less than 2 % of its budget .
Save Money With Microsoft ?
by Kevin [ Monday , 24th of May 2010 - 08:19 PM ]
The list of games includes :
Tony Hawk : RIDE Skateboard Bundle
NCAA Football 10
Madden NFL 10
Street Fighter IV
Resident Evil 5
The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion
Overlord II
Sid Meier 's Civilization Revolution
DJ Hero Bundle
Mercenaries 2 : World in Flames
Star Ocean : The Last Hope
Ghostbusters : The Video Game
Infinite Undiscovery
Battlefield : Bad Company
Batman : Arkham Asylum
Where the Wild Things Are
Lego Star Wars Complete Saga
The Orange Box
Army of Two
Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe
Tiger Woods PGA TOUR 10
Marvel : Ultimate Alliance 2
Guitar Hero Metallica
NBA 2K10
Spider - Man : Friend or Foe
Rock Band Track Pack Classic Rock
Guitar Hero : Smash Hits
Guitar Hero World Tour Guitar Kit
X - Men Origins : Wolverine Uncaged Edition
Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince
Bioshock
Spider - Man : Web of Shadows
Shaun White Snowboarding
Ice Age : Dawn of the Dinosaurs
BlazBlue : Calamity Trigger
Call of Juarez : Bound in Blood
FUEL
Left 4 Dead 2
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X
Wolfenstein
Red Faction : Guerilla
Dead Space
Rock Band
Soul Calibur IV
Guitar Hero Wireless Guitar
Hm , okay , granted they are n't all winners BUT if for some reason , there 's a game here that you 've been waiting to pick up , now would be a good time to do it .
Just an example of some of the savings below :
The coupon code is CLR - MSFT - Games - 50 % so go forth and enjoy .
More and more cyclists are discovering the joys of simple , one - speed bicycles .
Many cyclists are rebelling against the excessive complication , fragility and weight of current mountain bikes .
Why ride a Singlespeed ?
Modern multi-speed bikes are marvels of technology , and allow a cyclist to select the gear ratio that will make the most efficient use of his / her energy .
If you want to get the maximum possible speed / distance for the minimum effort ( and there 's nothing wrong with that ! ) you need a multi-speed bike ... but , efficiency is n't everything !
If you 're riding for sheer pleasure , or for exercise , you do n't necessarily place that high a premium on output results , as measured in speed , distance or vertical climb .
Instead , you may care more about the actual experience of riding your bike .
In this case , you may be a candidate for a singlespeed bike .
Riding a singlespeed can help bring back the unfettered joy you experienced riding your bike as a child .
You do n't realize how much mental energy you devote to shifting until you relinquish your derailers , and discover that a whole corner of your brain that was formerly wondering when to shift is now free to enjoy your surroundings and sensations .
Paradoxically , a singlespeed is , in another sense , more efficient than a multispeed bike !
While the single gear ratio will not be the " perfect " gear ratio for all conditions , in the conditions which fit the single gear , it is considerably more efficient mechanically than the drivetrain of a derailer bike .
A singlespeed bike dispenses with the weight of the derailers , shifters , cables , extra sprockets and longer chain .
In addition , a singlespeed gear train runs the chain in a perfectly straight line from sprocket to chainwheel , and avoids the serpentine wind through the pulleys of a derailer .
You can really feel the difference !
A singlespeed is noticeably quicker and easier to pedal than a multispeed bike in the same gain ratio .
Singlespeed bikes are also considerably more sturdy and reliable than multispeed bikes .
There 's no derailer to bash if the bike falls over , catch on the underbrush or get overshifted into the spokes .
The rear wheel itself is a lot stronger than one made with off - center ( dished ) spoking to make room for a whole bunch of sprockets on one side .
Singlespeed vs Fixed Gear
The one - speed revolution actually involves two different styles of bikes , singlespeeds and fixed gears .
These are not the same thing , although they have much in common .
A fixed - gear bike differs in that it does not permit coasting : when the bike is rolling , the pedals will turn , just as with a child 's tricycle .
To enjoy the one - speed experience to the max , a fixed gear is the best choice if you ride mostly on pavement .
A fixed gear gives a degree of control and one - ness with the bike that is not equaled by a freewheeling bike .
This site also contains several articles dealing with fixed - gear bikes .
Fixed gear is not ideal for all circumstances , however .
A fixed gear is not well suited for seriously hilly terrain , and , more importantly , is not good for technical mountain biking .
A mountain biker in difficult terrain must be able to control when each pedal is down , to avoid striking a pedal on rocks , logs or other obstructions .
Similarly , jumping over obstacles is much more difficult on a fixed - gear bicycle .
If your single gear is low enough for off - road climbing , it will be too low to spin on the descents .
You do n't have to choose once and for all between fixed and freewheel , because the same bike can be both , if you use a reversible " flip - flop " hub .
Many cyclists interested in simplifying consider going to a singlespeed freewheel as a way to " test the waters " with the idea that if they turn out to like that , they might later convert to fixed gear .
This is generally the wrong way to approach it , in my opinion .
I STRONGLY recommend starting out with fixed gear .
If it turns out to be a problem , you can easily convert to freewheel later if you want to ... but my bet is you wo n't want to if you give fixed gear a good try ( typically takes a couple of weeks of regular riding to get past the strangeness , but then it 's quite addictive ! )
Most folks who set up their bikes with a fixed / free flip - flop wind up using the fixed gear side pretty much all of the time .
The freewheel option is mainly useful for when you have taken a longer - than - usual ride , and need to get home even though you 're all tuckered out .
Freewheel vs Coaster Brake
While coaster ( backpedaling ) brake bikes are also , mostly , single - speed machines , I do n't recommend them for technical off - road use .
Coaster - brake hubs have a good deal of internal friction , and coaster brakes have a number of serious drawbacks :
You can only apply the brake forcefully in two crank positions .
If your foot slips off the pedal , you can't brake at all .
If your chain breaks or falls off , the brake fails .
Without a hand - operated front brake , you can't stop as short as a bike that does have one .
On a long descent , a coaster brake will overheat and burn the grease inside it .
It is very awkward to get started , because you can't rotate your cranks to a good starting position without lifting the rear wheel .
Because you usually switch feet before restarting , it is impractical to use toe clips and straps , or clipless pedals .
Wheel removal / replacement is more complicated , due to the need to attach the brake arm to the frame , and because you can't get a coaster brake with a quick release .
You can't have a flip - flop hub .
Coaster brakes are OK for beach cruisers and flatland applications in general , but not a good choice for sporty bikes , nor for rolling or hilly terrain .
Coaster brakes are OK for beach cruisers and flatland applications in general , but not a good choice for sporty bikes , nor for rolling or hilly terrain .
Short - reach caliper brakes and modern MTB rim brakes , either traditional cantilever or newer direct - pull styles can lock up either wheel at will , but also permit fine control over the modulation of each wheel 's brake .
Hubs for Singlespeed Bicycles
Flip - flop Hubs
Flip - flop , or double - sided , hubs are threaded on both sides .
Usually one side has a track - type threading , ( with lockring ) and the other side is threaded for a single - speed standard freewheel .
The usual way to use a flip - flop hub is to have a fixed gear on one side , and a single - speed freewheel on the other .
The freewheel sprocket is larger than the fixed sprocket , providing a lower gear .
On an MTB , you use the fixed - gear side for most pavement riding , and save the freewheel for off - road use , or for getting you home when you are tired .
Having the freewheel larger than the fixed sprocket gives you a lower gear when you are using the freewheel .
This makes climbing easier .
Since you can coast when you are using the freewheel , the lower gear is no disadvantage on the descents .
See my separate article about this option .
Single - speed freewheels are commonly used on BMX bicycles : most shops that deal in BMX parts should stock them .
The common size used for BMX is 16 tooth , but 17 , 18 , 20 and 22 tooth freewheels are available .
Note , there are two types of hubs called " flip - flop " : Fixed / free , this is the type I speak of above , with a " track " ( fixed ) side and a freewheel side .
BMX type ... BMX flip - flop hubs have two different freewheel threads , a standard one on one side , and a special smaller - diameter freewheel thread on the other , designed to work with special small freewheels ( 14 , 15 teeth . )
These are now quite rare , but if you are calling around looking for " flip - flop " hubs , make sure you get the right kind .
Conventional Freewheel - type Hubs
The cheapest way to convert a multi-speed bicycle into a singlespeed is to use the original rear hub , assuming that it is made for a conventional threaded freewheel .
A single BMX freewheel will thread right on .
Unfortunately , the chainline is likely to work only with your granny gear unless you re-space the rear axle and re-dish the wheel .
Cassette Hubs
It is easy to convert a Shimano cassette Freehub ® for singlespeed use .
The simplest way is just to remove the derailers , shorten the chain and thread it onto the chainwheel and rear sprocket of your choice .
This is less than ideal , however , because you 've got the extra weight of the unused sprockets to deal with , and the chainline will probably be crooked .
The sprockets used on multi-speed cassettes are designed for easy shifting , which is not a good thing on a bike that is n't supposed to shift !
The teeth are short , increasing the risk of cropping the chain .
The better way to convert a cassette Freehub ® is to remove the 7- , 8 - or 9 - speed cassette and replace it with a single sprocket .
You will also need a bunch of spacer washers to hold the single sprocket in place .
You can often get a suitable number of spacers by taking apart a couple of discarded , worn - out cassettes .
Having a single sprocket sandwiched in a stack of spacers makes it easy to get the sprocket properly aligned for perfect chainline with whichever chainwheel you choose to use in front .
You can use one of the old sprockets from your taken - apart cassette , but it you are less likely to have accidental derailment if you use sprockets made for single - gear us , with longer teeth .
BMX cassette sprockets are best .
These sprockets are quite inexpensive , and are available in a range of sizes .
Singlespeed Cassette Hub Conversion
Disc Brakes
Disc brakes are increasingly popular for off - road use .
They do n't depend on good rim true , and do n't get contaminated by mud .
A number of high - end ready - made singlespeed bikes are supplied with front and rear disc brakes .
In my opinion , this is not a good thing .
Personally I consider a rear disc brake a very poor choice for a singlespeed .
It would preclude you from using a flip - flop hub .
Also , as the chain wears and the axle is moved backward to take up the slack , the relationship of the disc to the caliper will change .
That can't be good .
Singlespeeds are generally not practical for terrain so steep as to require dual disc brakes .
There 's no such problem with a front disc brake , but I strongly advise against getting a rear disc setup for a singlespeed .
( There are different problems -- be aware of them .
See information in the article on skewers and Jobst Brandt 's article about brakes . )
Solid - Axle vs Quick Release
Conventional wisdom is that you need a solid ( nutted or " bolt - on " ) axle hub for fixed - gear or singlespeed use , and that a quick - release will not hold the wheel solidly enough in a horizontal forkend .
This is not true , however .
Since most newer bikes have vertical dropouts , people have gotten used to wimpy aluminum skewers , and often do n't adjust them as tightly as they might .
If you use a good quality ( Shimano is the best ) skewer , tightened securely , it will hold just fine in any type of dropout or forkend .
A quick release is a considerable timesaver in switching a flip - flop wheel around , and having a QR means that you do n't need to carry a big wrench to be able to replace a damaged inner tube .
Frames for Singlespeed Conversion
Mountain Bikes
I have set up a couple of mountain bikes with flip - flop hubs , so that I get a singlespeed on one side and two different freewheel gears on the other .
This is done with a double chainwheel and a two - speed freewheel .
( The freewheel is actually an old 5 - or 6 - speed freewheel with 3 of the sprockets replaced by spacers ) .
this may also be done with a fixed gear on one side , and details of these setups are in the article about finxed - gear conversions on this site .
Vertical Dropouts
ost newer bikes ( made since the late - 1980's ) have " vertical " rear dropouts , where the wheel slides upward as you install it .
These are a problem when you want to dispense with a derailer , because you need some way to regulate chain tension .
Horizontal Dropout
Campagnolo 1010 Horizontal Dropout
Short Semi-Vertical Dropout Vertical Dropout With Hanger Without Hanger Raleigh 3 - speed Track Forkend
Not a dropout !
Most newer frames made for derailer use have vertical dropouts .
This is convenient when you 're actually using a derailer , but causes a complication when you wish to simplify your drive train , either to singlespeed , fixed - gear or an internal - geared hub .
The simplest way around this is to install a chain - tensioning pulley of some sort .
This is not an option for fixed gears or coaster brakes , but is the easiest solution for freewheeling bikes .
Even for singlespeeds , though , it is nicer to be able to do without a klugy and inelegant chain tensioner .
Options are described in our article about derailerless drivetrains .
Hub / Frame Spacing
Most mountain bikes have 135 mm spacing between the rear dropouts ; most newer road bikes , 130 mm .
Flip - flop ear hubs are commonly available in these spacings , although they are more commonly found in the narrower , 110 - 120 mm spacing which is standard for track hubs .
If you are using a newer frame , with wider spacing , you may want to replace the axle .
You may want to replace the axle in any case , because singlespeed hubs generally come only with solid axles , not quick release .
Gearing
Gearing is a very personal matter , and it is difficult to give good specific recommendations for someone I have n't actually ridden with .
The best gearing for you depends on a large number of variables , including : Your weight
Your strength
Your endurance
How far you 'll be riding in a day
How hard you 're willing to push
How much baggage you 'll be carrying
The steepness of the terrain
The nature of the road ( or off - road ) surface
There is no magic formula for this , only experimentation will let you determine what gearing suits your needs .
You might find my online gear calculator useful for comparing with your present gearing .
Generally , for street use , with a freewheel , I would recommend a gain ratio of around 5 - 5.3 , for instance , a 42 tooth chainring with a 16 or 17 tooth sprocket .
You 'll see other sites recommending " 2:1 " gearing , which typically gives a gain ratio of about 3.7 .
That 's good if you are going to be riding off road on steep mountain trails , but a gear that low is maddening on the flats and particularly on pavement , because your speed will be limited by the tendency to " spin out . "
The same drive ratio may be achived with a larger or smaller chainwheel and rear sprocket , as long as the proportion is the same .
You may read about the tradeoffs and other gearing issues in our article about derailerless drivetrains .
report this ad
Drivetrain adjustment
erailer bikes can work fairly well even with the chain running at a considerable angle , but this should not be done with a singlespeed setup .
It is quite important to get the chainline just right .
You can check the chainline by installing the hub in the bike , with no chain installed .
By placing your head just in front of the chainwheel , you can sight along the chainwheel and see back to the rear hub , to see if the chainwheel lines up exactly with the rear sprocket .
If it does n't , re-arrange spacers or change the bottom bracket axle as necessary .
You might also hold a yardstick or other straightedge against the side of the chainwheel , reaching back to the sprockets .
Except on a bicycle with vertical dropouts and a chain tensioner , the chain is adjusted for as little slack as possible without binding , by " walking " the rear wheel forward or back in the dropouts .
Chainwheel choices can affect their longevity .
Chainwheels also can often be centered to keep the chain slack the same as the cranks turn .
There is detailed information on these topics in our article about derailerless drivetrains .
Where to get Singlespeed Parts
Unfortunately , singlespeed riding is somewhat of a fringe activity from a commercial point of view , and those who have not learned to love it tend to write singlespeeders off as nuts and fanatics .
If you have a local bike shop that stocks singlespeed stuff , you are in a lucky minority , and I urge you to patronize it .
If you do n't have such a shop nearby , check out :
More information -- and , do you really need to coast ?
See also :
Singlespeed Links
Articles by Sheldon Brown and Others
This page has been up since July 3 , 1999
As far as I know , this was the very first Web page ever about converting geared mountain bikes to singlespeed !
Copyright © 1999 , 2008 Sheldon Brown and 2010 , John Allen
Spanish explorers encountering an advanced civilization in Mesoamerica in the 16th century had plenty of things to be astonished about , but one type of object in particular was unlike anything they had ever seen before : rubber balls .
No such stretchy , bouncy material existed in the Old World , and they had to struggle to find words to describe it .
New research from MIT indicates that not only did these pre-Columbian peoples know how to process the sap of the local rubber trees along with juice from a vine to make rubber , but they had perfected a system of chemical processing that could fine - tune the properties of the rubber depending on its intended use .
For the soles of their sandals , they made a strong , wear - resistant version .
For the rubber balls used in the games that were a central part of their religious ceremonies , they processed it for maximum bounciness .
And for rubber bands and adhesives used for ornamental wear and for attaching blades to shafts , they produced rubber optimized for resilience and strength .
All of these , according to the research by Professor Dorothy Hosler and Technical Instructor Michael Tarkanian of MIT ’s Department of Materials Science and Engineering , were most likely achieved by varying the proportions of the two basic ingredients , latex from rubber trees and juice from morning - glory vines , which were cooked together .
A paper describing the findings will be published soon in the journal Latin American Antiquity .
The research builds on a paper that Hosler , Tarkanian and Sandra Burkett , then an assistant professor at MIT , published in Science in 1999 that showed for the first time that the Mesoamerican people could have used the combination of two ingredients to produce rubber .
The new work , which draws on a combination of laboratory experiments , recovered artifacts and the descriptions left by early explorers , demonstrates how varying the formula could fine - tune the rubber ’s properties .
Although Hosler and Tarkanian ’s research demonstrates that the Mesoamericans had the raw materials and the basic knowledge to make these different formulations , proving that ’s what they actually did would require further evidence , either from contemporaneous accounts or from chemical analysis of samples used for different purposes .
Long before Goodyear
Charles Goodyear is credited with having invented vulcanization — a chemical process for converting rubber or related polymers into more durable materials — while experimenting with rubber and sulfur in the mid-19th century .
But it has long been known that the Aztecs , Olmecs and Maya — the civilizations that , over a span of more than three millennia , dominated the region that is now Mexico and parts of Central America — were adept at making rubber , and that the material was used to produce the large , heavy balls used for the ceremonial games played on stone - walled ball courts .
A few such balls have been found in archeological digs in the region — the oldest dating back to 1600 B.C. , or more than 3,000 years before Goodyear ’s contributions — and though they have become hard and brittle with age , their nature is unmistakable .
“ They were really spectacular , really enormous , ” Hosler says of the Mesoamerican rubber balls , which ranged in size from a few inches to a foot across — the size of a beach ball .
Until the new research , nobody had shown that it was possible to obtain the different properties needed for other uses of rubber , simply by varying the recipe ’s proportions .
Unlike the rubber balls , Mesoamerican rubber - soled sandals have never been found .
But they are described in the diaries of the Spanish explorers and missionaries , and their existence is clear from linguistic evidence :
The Aztecs used a compound word that clearly blends the words for “ rubber ” and “ sandals . ”
The ancient rubber material that has survived tends to be so degraded that it ca n’t be tested for its mechanical properties .
So Tarkanian and Hosler set up their own processing facility at MIT , using raw materials collected in field trips to Mexico .
They made batches of rubber with varying proportions of the two plant substances , and then subjected the product to a suite of tests to measure wear resistance , elasticity , toughness and other properties .
Sure enough , varying the proportions produced different properties .
A 50 - 50 blend of the latex and morning glory produced maximum elasticity , or bounciness , perfect for the rubber balls .
Rubber used as an adhesive or for joining other materials ( such as ceramic and wood ) needs different properties — strength and damping ability — and for that , pure latex seems to work best .
For sandals , where wear resistance is the most important quality , a three - to - one mix of latex to morning glory provides the most durable material .
The Mesoamericans had plenty of time to work out these properties through trial and error .
By the time the Spanish arrived , Tarkanian says , “ there was a large rubber industry ” in the region , producing 16,000 rubber balls each year , and large numbers of rubber statues , sandals , bands and other products .
Most of those were produced in villages in outlying areas , and were shipped to the capital city as a form of tax payment .
Hosler has also studied these ancient civilizations ’ advanced work in metallurgy , and suggests that they were likely also accomplished practitioners of other kinds of materials processing that have yet to be studied , such as formulating mortars , plasters and paints .
Frances Berdan , professor of anthropology at California State University at San Bernardino , says Hosler and Tarkanian ’s latest work has implications well beyond rubber .
“ There are other areas of production where the pre-Hispanic peoples cleverly combined materials to achieve enhanced products .
The Tarkanian - Hosler research on ancient rubber should have the effect of directing our attention to the methods used by these peoples , and recognizing that they developed sophisticated answers to their everyday ( and also not - so everyday ) problems . ”
John McCloy , a senior research scientist at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory , says that “ Tarkanian and Hosler have compiled a compelling case that ancient Mesoamerican peoples were the first polymer scientists , exerting substantial control over the mechanical properties of rubber for various applications . ”
He adds that “ what remains to be done is to find archaeological evidence of rubber footwear in ancient Mesoamerica , and to study the production methods for Mesoamerican rubber as an adhesive and as footwear .
It would also be interesting to do chemical analyses on rubber balls , adhesive rubbers , and sandals ( if they are found ) to see if quantification of morning - glory additives corroborates the laboratory study of the mechanical properties . ”
Advertisements
President Barack Obama held a press conference at the conclusion of the G 20 Summit in Toronto this evening , and the highlight came at the very end when he called out the GOP rhetoric on the deficit .
Obama said , “ I hope some of these folks hollering about deficit and debt step up , because I am calling their bluff . ”
The most interesting part of the press conference came during the last question about the United States ’ ability to meet their deficit reduction goals .
After describing the steps that can be taken , and the challenges , Obama said , “ One of the most interesting things that ’s happened over the last 18 months as president is for some reason people keep being surprised when I do what I said I was going to do .
So I say I ’m going to reform our healthcare system and people think , well gosh , that ’s not smart politics , maybe we should hold off , or I say we ’re going to move forward on Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell , and somehow people say you know , well , why are you doing that I ’m not sure it ’s good politics . ”
Advertisements
The President continued and later blasted the Republicans and called out the GOP rhetoric , “ I ’m doing because I said I was going to do it and it ’s the right thing to do , and people should learn that lesson about me , because next year when I start presenting some very difficult choices to the country , I hope people who are hollering about deficits and debt start stepping up , because I ’m calling their bluff and we ’ll see how much of that , how much of the political arguments they ’re making right now are real and how much of it was just policies . ”
Once again , Obama is three steps ahead of the GOP .
He is warning them what is coming , but they will still not be ready for what is about to hit them when he steps up and challenges them to join him and cut spending in order to trim the deficit .
In an earlier portion of the press conference Obama made mention of cutting programs that do n’t work , including military programs .
Military contracts are one of Congress ’ and especially the right wing deficit cutters favorite sources of pork , disguised as national security spending , so you can expect cries of national security as soon as Obama tries to shave a penny or remove a bloated contract .
If Obama does try to trim the fat , you can expect both Democrats and Republicans in Congress to engage in a collective chorus of wails .
The dirty little secret of Congress is everyone talks about reducing the deficit , but they all love to spend .
Republicans definitely have no credibility on this issue , as the tax cut and spend policies of the Bush administration and the Republican run Congress had , within five years , managed to take a surplus and turn it into a herculean deficit .
By July of 2006 , before the Democrats took control of Congress , George W. Bush and the Republican controlled Congress managed to turn a $ 284 billion surplus into a trillion dollar deficit .
At the time , Bush and the GOP owned four of the five highest yearly deficits in US history .
The political reality is that Republicans have little interest in cutting spending and absolutely no interest in helping Obama , so I can already tell you how this will go .
Obama will try .
Republicans will obstruct , and Obama will reap the political benefits .
However , it s clear that Obama is done playing games with the GOP and is now ready to challenge them to put their money where there mouths are , so to speak , and the Republican leopard will most definitely reveal its true spots .
Astronomers spot ' superstorm ' on planet in another solar system
A powerful ' superstorm ' on a planet in another solar system has been spotted by astronomers .
Winds blowing at more than 6,200 mph were detected on the distant world , which orbits a Sun - like star 150 light years away .
The ' exoplanet ' HD209458 b has about 60 % the mass of Jupiter and is located near the constellation of Pegasus .
Circling its parent star at just a 20th of the distance between the Earth and the Sun , it is heated to a temperature of around 1,000C .
An artist 's impression of the ' hot Jupiter ' planet HD209458 b where astronomers have detected a superstorm
But since the planet always has the same side facing the star , one half is very hot while the other is much cooler .
' On Earth , big temperature differences inevitably lead to fierce winds , and as our new measurements reveal , the situation is no different on HD209458 b , ' said Dr Simon Albrecht , one of the scientists from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in Boston , US .
Every 3.5 days the planet moves in front of its star , blocking out a small portion of starlight over a period of three hours .
The ' transiting ' events allowed astronomers on Earth to analyse light patterns providing information about the planet 's atmosphere .
An instrument called the CRIRES spectrograph at the European Southern Observatory 's Very Large Telescope array in Chile , was used to make the observations .
It not only found evidence of poisonous carbon monoxide gas in the planet 's atmosphere , but showed how fast it was moving .
The scientists were also able to determine the mass of the planet by measuring the speed of its orbit .
HD209458b was as carbon - rich as Jupiter and Saturn in our own solar system , said the astronomers .
Lead researcher Dr Ignas Snellen , from Leiden Observatory in the Netherlands , said : ' In the future , astronomers may be able to use this type of observation to study the atmospheres of Earth - like planets , to determine whether life also exists elsewhere in the universe . '
The research is reported in the journal Nature .
' Bush - ama ' tax cuts : The $ 2.2 trillion decision
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
They 're often called the " Bush " tax cuts .
But at this point they might as well be called the Bush - ama tax cuts .
That 's because President Obama has embraced the tax relief measures introduced in 2001 and 2003 , proposing they be extended indefinitely for most Americans .
If lawmakers do nothing , the measures expire Dec. 31 .
The tax cuts lowered income and investment tax rates , boosted the child credit , reduced the estate tax , and narrowed inequalities affecting married taxpayers .
Another reason for the new Bush - ama moniker : Like President Bush , President Obama has not called on Congress to pay for the cost of the tax cuts .
In fact , the extension of the cuts is exempt from the new " pay - go " rules that Obama signed into law recently .
Extending the tax cuts for most Americans will increase the federal deficit by an estimated $ 2.2 trillion over 10 years .
Deficit hawks are uber - frustrated .
" Why do you spend over $ 2 trillion in your budget -- the most you spend on any single policy item -- on your predecessor 's tax policy , which you repeatedly explain is to blame for the deterioration and unsustainability of our nation 's fiscal outlook ? "
Diane Rogers , chief economist for the Concord Coalition , wrote in her blog Economistmom.com .
In a nod to deficit reduction , Obama did propose that lawmakers let the tax cuts expire for high - income households , couples making more than $ 250,000 .
Doing so would reduce the deficit by $ 678 billion from where it would be if the cuts were extended for everyone .
But recently , while he did n't say so explicitly , Obama seemed open to rethinking his campaign promise not to raise taxes on the middle - class .
In an interview last month , he said he would weigh recommendations from the bipartisan fiscal commission he created to suggest ways to put the U.S. fiscal house in order .
" We should be able to solve this problem without putting a burden on middle class families , " he told CNBC .
" Having said that , I 'm also going to wait for the fiscal commission to provide me [ with ] their best recommendations .
...
At a certain point , what we 've got to do is match up money going out and money coming in . "
The next 7 months
The commission wo n't report its recommendations until Dec. 1 .
In the meantime , it 's not clear when Congress will take up the issue of the 2001 /2003 tax cuts .
One theory is that they 'll vote to extend them before their August recess to score political points before the midterm elections in November .
" It would look ugly to go home and campaign for five weeks without having done something for the middle class , " said Clint Stretch , managing principal of tax policy at Deloitte Tax LLC .
On the other hand , the legislative agenda is already fairly packed .
Anne Mathias , director of research at Concept Capital 's Washington Research Group , is in the camp that believes Congress may not address the issue until December .
It 's also not clear yet how long lawmakers might opt to extend the tax cuts .
There had been a push by both parties to make them permanent .
But some believe extending them for a year or two may be the smartest move given current political and economic constraints .
Maya MacGuineas , president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget , proposes that lawmakers extend the tax cuts to the end of 2012 , and then use the prospect of making them permanent as a " sweetener " to draw votes for a serious deficit - reduction deal .
No deal , no tax cuts .
" This would turn the expiration of the tax cuts at the end of 2012 into a realistic action - forcing hammer ... .
Otherwise , the task of stabilizing the debt goes from really hard to nearly impossible , " MacGuineas wrote in a blog post .
No matter how long the tax cuts are extended , no one should bank on low rates forever , Stretch cautioned .
The country 's long - term fiscal condition is too precarious for that .
" No matter what happens , Americans ' taxes are going up one way or another .
The middle class is going to have to be called on to help reduce the deficit .
There 's not enough fiscal capacity if we just tax the top 3 % , " Stretch said .
Before I started my new business I had the chance to learn what a contract is and where to find it and most important of all that I should read it .
The first thing to do is learn where your contract is .
I want to thank Bob and Anna Bassett for all of their research and resources to be able to do this blog .
Check out their information www.togethertothetop.com and listen to the audio recording .
Where is the contract ?
It is in your Policies and Procedures .
The idea what you can and can not do in any given company .
It will also tell you if , when , and whether they can take your check from you .
If you have to work the rest of your life to please the company or if you will ever make the residual income you desire to pay your children ’s , children .
It seems the longer the P - n - P is the likely hood that the company had lawyers write them .
They put a lot of repeat language that is in the companies favor .
Would you know a gotcha phrase in the P - N - P’s ?
Learning how to read them .
It has been said to start by reading from the back .
Why , you may ask ?
It ’s for the reason that the gotcha clauses will be there and they know that if you start in the beginning by the time you get to the end you will be so confused you will not have a clue what you just read .
* So step one read back to front .
Next is terminology , what words do they use to say sorry but you are fired , thank you for your check we need it more than you do , your done because you are not following the contract ( P - N - P ) , and the worst one , hahaha you will never get to take time off or retire .
Words to look out for terminate , termination or non-renewal , ongoing and increasing responsibilities , continued , and company reserves the right , also company may elect .
Here is a good one dishonor .
They will have things they say will never be enforced but they are just in there .
For who !
Sure is n’t for the distributors .
* So step two is know the gotcha terms .
Now we come to the over the top clauses .
Such as
Distributors must have ongoing contact with their organization , including the accompaniment of down line distributors to Company meetings , training sessions , and other functions .
“ The Company reserves the right to use its judgment in deciding whether certain activities are improper , unethical or illegal .
The Company , in its sole discretion , will decide the appropriate corrective action if it determines that unprofessional , unethical or illegal activities exist and reserves the right to suspend or terminate any Independent Sales Associate ’s status , including but not limited to all commissions and bonuses . “
You can find more of these clauses on Bob and Anna Bassett ’s site www.togethertothetop.com
* So step three do they have you jumping thru hoops to be a distributor .
And the last one is the what the he^^ clauses .
These can be any thing from ,
Promotions are approved at the discretion of the upline leader , but company distributors may choose the automatic promotion option .
Meaning that your upline can promote people below you and they can take your check away from you .
Any associate determined to have an unusually high turnover ratio will be subject to termination at the sole discretion of the Company .
If a family member acts in a way that would violate policies if they were a representative , the company will regard such action as an action of the representative , and the representative will be subject to termination .
The distributor also agrees to waive any and all rights to “ stop payment ” or to “ charge back ” .
If you would like more insight on this information please go to www.togethertothetop.com and if you would like to get the real training on this please sign up at http://tamandmarkc.successin10steps.com/?mad=43014
or
http://tamandmarkc.mentoringforfree.com/?mad=43015
We are here to help you in any way we can to help you find success not just for the time being however for a life time
Tammy and Mark Cowell
The Ling Ao Nuclear Power Station second phase unit one reached criticality for the first time at 3:03 p.m. on June 10 , marking the official launch of the CPR1000 , China 's first independently - developed - and - owned nuclear reactor .
The reactor was put into operation and laid a solid foundation for electricity generation and full power operations .
The supercritical nuclear process of nuclear power stations is similar to the ignition process of boilers from regular thermal power stations .
Reaching a critical state , the nuclear reaction of the reactor core will enter into the self - sustaining phase , providing conditions for further electricity generation and full power operation .
After the first critical state , the unit will carry out a zero - power physical experiment to test the function of the reactor core , the availability of the nuclear instrumentation system and the accuracy of the reactor core loading , in order to ensure that the unit can rise to the power operation state .
The nuclear reactor of the Ling Ao Nuclear Power Station second phase unit one is a prototype reactor of China 's independently - developed CPR1000 advanced pressurized water reactor nuclear power technology .
All design work for the nuclear reactor was completed by domestic design organizations independently .
Compared with the Daya Bay Nuclear Power Station and the first phase of the Ling Ao Nuclear Power Station , the second phase nuclear reactor has improved nuclear reactor core design and computing software , a higher number of absorption rods when first loaded and the fuel assembly hasbetter mechanical properties .
By People 's Daily Online
The acid rain scourge of the ' 70s and ' 80s that killed trees and fish and even dissolved parts of statues on Washington , D.C. 's National Mall is back .
But unlike the first round , in which sulfur emissions from power plants mixed with rain to create sulfuric acid , the current problem stems primarily from nitrogen emissions mixed with rain to create nitric acid .
" Both are strong acids , and both create serious problems for the environment , " says William Schlesinger , president of the Cary Institute for Ecosystem Studies in Millbrook , N.Y .
Acid rain degrades cement and limestone as well as leaches critical soil nutrients , which injures plants .
It also liberates toxic minerals from the ground that flow into stream runoff where they can kill fish .
Sulfur emissions from power plants were one of the primary motivations for the U.S. 's Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 , which set reduction targets for both sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) and nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) .
However , whereas sulfur dioxide emissions decreased almost 70 percent from 1990 to 2008 , emissions of one NOx — nitrogen dioxide ( NO2 ) — went down only 35 percent for that same period , and amendment targets have yet to be made , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) .
" This comes as scientists have grown increasingly aware of the consequences of the remaining nitric acid deposition , " Schlesinger says .
Schlesinger is one of a number of scientists calling attention to the problem .
On June 8 the Integrated Nitrogen Committee of the EPA 's Science Advisory board held a public teleconference to discuss a draft report of possible solutions to nitrogen problems , including acid rain .
A final report is pending .
Nitric acid rain is derived primarily from power plant , car and truck emissions as well as from gases released by fertilizer use .
Part of the problem dates back to WWI , when two German scientists invented the Haber–Bosch process , which took nonreactive nitrogen from the air ( N2 ) and converted it into reactive , usable ammonia ( NH3 ) .
Most of the nitrogen harvested via this process has been used in fertilizers , and the runoff from farms has created dead zones in Chesapeake Bay and at the mouths of the Columbia and Mississippi rivers .
Some efforts have been made to regulate the agricultural nitrogen runoff , but atmospheric emissions of agricultural ammonia remain virtually unrestricted .
Agri-ammonia vapors also derive from concentrated animal feeding operations in the U.S. South .
The gas rises into the air and is deposited dry or in rainfall where in the ground bacteria breaks it into nitrogen and nitric acid , which can kill fish and plants .
" Agriculture is increasingly functioning as an intensively managed industrial operation , and that is creating serious water , soil , and air problems , " says Viney Aneja , a professor at North Carolina State University in Raleigh .
Aneja says that state 's concentrated animal feeding operations may also emit particulate matter from swine and chicken manure into the atmosphere , which can carry diseases .
NOx escapes from power plants as a by - product of coal combustion , whereas vehicular engines run at high enough pressures and temperatures to combine nitrogen and oxygen in the air .
" Though catalytic converters have decreased the amount of pollution per vehicle , there are more vehicles on the road and more miles driven , " Schlesinger says .
Emissions from fertilizers are the chief source of atmospheric nitric oxide , but motor vehicles have now overtaken coal power plants as the secondary most critical source of this problem .
The consequences are grave : Nitric oxide ( NO ) rises from farms , power plants and vehicles , for instance , in the upper Midwest and drifts toward New England forests where nitric acid ( HNO3 ) in the rain leaches important plant nutrients like potassium , calcium and magnesium from the soil , Schlesinger says .
Researchers at Hubbard Brook Experimental Forest in White Mountain National Forest , N.H. , found evidence of this rain and reported that it may cause a reduction in cold or stress tolerance in some tree species including red spruce and sugar maple .
Similarly , nitric oxide has been documented as rising from similar sources in Kentucky and Tennessee and drifting toward the Great Smoky Mountains , where some of the worst acid rain and forest decline has been observed , Schlesinger says .
Acid in rain also liberates aluminum in the soil , which can be is poisonous to insects and fish if the metal enters stream runoff .
And , excess available nitrogen in rain may promote some species of plants as it diminishes others .
In fact , researchers at the University of Minnesota reported in 2008 that atmospheric nitrogen deposition reduced plant species numbers in the state 's prairie grasslands by 17 percent .
In the U.S. there are neither comprehensive laws nor adequate monitoring devices for regulating atmospheric nitrogen emissions from livestock and farms .
Europeans passed the Gothenburg Protocol to Abate Acidification , Eutrophication and Ground - Level Ozone in 1999 , a pact signed by 49 countries , but the U.S. has dragged its feet .
Schlesinger thinks that national arguments over climate change have allowed the U.S. to ignore the nitrogen problem , which he predicts will be the next big environmental issue .
" It 's another example of humans upsetting global biogeochemical cycles with unintended consequences , " he says .
Since Gothenburg , Europe has decreased its nitrogen emissions by a third , whereas U.S. emissions remain flat .
And the U.S. has increased its ammonia emissions , an atmospheric component of the nitrogen problem , by 27 percent from 1970 to 2005 , according to a 2009 paper in Environmental Science & Technology .
Without intervention , the problem will likely worsen .
With world population predicted to grow from 6.5 billion to nine billion by 2050 , agriculture must feed more mouths , and that 's probably going to require more nitrogen fertilizer , thereby resulting in more nitric acid rain and atmospheric pollution .
The Integrated Nitrogen Committee 's 247 - page draft report discusses inputs , flows and management options for reactive nitrogen in the U.S. environment .
It also discusses ways to monitor atmospheric emissions , currently the weak link in the nitrogen control picture .
It 's clear that humans are adding nitrogen to Earth 's surface .
Researchers do not know yet where it all goes , " but we do know that increasing concentrations of nitrogen in unexpected places will cause significant environmental damage that we will all learn to regret , " Schlesinger wrote in a 2009 report in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Still , Aneja sees promise .
Agriculture has adopted modern technologies and science to maximize productivity , but it has not yet been subjected to the same environmental regulations applied to other modern industries , he says .
" The Integrated Nitrogen Committee report is an effort to develop more stringent measures , " he adds , " and we 're not ignoring the atmospheric contribution . "
© COPYRIGHT 2000 - 2020 Настоящее кино | Обратная связь | Размещение реклам ы
Издается с
13/03/2000 :: Перепечатка материалов без уведомления и разрешения редакции возможна только при активной гиперссылке на www.Filmz.ru и сохранении авторства | Главный редактор on - line журнала Настоящее КИНО Александр Голубчиков , шеф-редактор Анатолий Ющенко .
Программирование Вячеслав Скопюк , Дмитрий Александров , Андрей Волков , Юрий Римский , Александр Десятник | Хостинг предоставлен провайдеро м Qwarta.ru
Журнал " про Настоящее кино " зарегистрирован
Федеральной службой по надзору за соблюдением законодательства в сфере массовых коммуникаций и охране культурного наследия .
Свидетельство ПИ № 77-18412 от 27 сентября 2004 года .
Мнения авторов , высказываемые ими в личных блогах , могут не совпадать с мнением редакции .
The ICFP Programming Contest
Each year , ICFP sponsors a fun and challenging three - day programming competition a few months before the conference .
The winners of the contest are announced at ICFP .
Upcoming contest
Details of the 2020 ICFP Programming Contest will be announced in due time .
Past contests
John Hedgecoe , who has died of cancer aged 78 , photographed a variety of subjects but was best known for his portraits of artists and writers .
His style ranged from the formal , such as posed shots of artists with their work in the studio , to close - ups revealing their various reactions to being photographed .
Hedgecoe took portraits of Henry Moore , Francis Bacon , David Hockney , John Betjeman , Ted Hughes and Agatha Christie , but his most famous sitter was the Queen .
Hedgecoe 's image of her has effectively sold more than 200bn copies , as it is used on postage stamps .
It is credited with being the most frequently reproduced image in the world .
In 1966 , he was approached by the postmaster general to take a portrait of the Queen .
A session took place in the Queen 's Gallery at Buckingham Palace and , despite the quantity of film expended , lasted only 20 minutes .
When the Queen inquired whether he had finished – " So soon , Mr Hedgecoe ? " – he seized the opportunity for a second impromptu shoot in the music room .
The Queen selected her preferred image and the sculptor Arnold Machin then made a plaster bust , which Hedgecoe photographed for the stamps .
Self - portrait by John Hedgecoe Photograph : Personalities / 2006 John Hedgecoe / Topfoto
Hedgecoe was born in Brentford , west London .
His father , William , a banker who worked in the far east , gave him his first camera for his 14th birthday .
During the second world war , John was evacuated to Gulval , a village near Penzance in Cornwall , and attended the local school .
He later wrote a memoir of the time , thinly disguised as a novel about an evacuee growing up in the West Country , called Breakfast With Dolly ( 1996 ; Dolly was the name of the aunt with whom he lived ) .
During his national service , he participated in an aerial survey of wartime bomb damage .
In 1957 , he enrolled at the Guildford School of Art to study under the pioneering photographers Ifor and Joy Thomas , who frowned upon the use of 35 mm cameras .
The students were encouraged instead to pose their subjects before giant half - plate Gandolfi cameras , to get things right in the studio before venturing further afield .
Hedgecoe spent much of his free time on his own photoshoots , experimenting with colour , and selling his work wherever he could place it , from Amateur Photographer to Queen magazine , where he was staff photographer from 1957 until 1972 .
He considered Queen magazine " a great shop window for me " and picked up freelance work on other publications , including the Sunday Times , Observer and Telegraph magazines .
As his freelance work and advertising commissions increased during the 1960s , he employed an assistant , Angela Chadwyck - Healey .
She recalls him as focused but great fun ; on one occasion , she had to find a model with " perfectly beautiful hands " for a cigarette advertisement , which also required 10 pairs of gold cufflinks from Asprey's .
Angela and her husband , the photographer Charles Chadwyck - Healey , an early business partner of Hedgecoe 's , had a family and would be called upon whenever Hedgecoe wanted to " borrow a baby " – a child or grandchild – for his handbooks on photographing infants , toddlers and young children .
Hedgecoe met Julia Mardon during their first year at Guildford , and they married in 1960 .
Julia was a friend of Henry Moore 's daughter , Mary , and Hedgecoe 's introduction to the Moore family brought about a lengthy documentation of the sculptor at work , from carefully posed interior portraits to informal long shots of Moore engaging with large chunks of Carrara marble .
The portraits were widely exhibited and led to three books about Moore .
Less reverential in style were Hedgecoe 's 1960s images of the fashion designer Mary Quant and the painter Sandra Blow ; Peter Blake looking pensive before his easel ; or a shot of Hockney turning down the corners of his mouth for the camera .
Hedgecoe also photographed establishment figures , including Winston Churchill .
In 1965 , Hedgecoe 's ideas and dynamism persuaded the Royal College of Art in London to allow him to found a department of photography , and in 1975 he became Britain 's first professor of photography .
The Book of Photography , which he wrote and illustrated , was published the following year .
Hedgecoe was the author of more than 30 books on photography , which accrued sales of more than 9 m , including The Art of Colour Photography ( 1978 ) , Aesthetics of Nude Photography ( 1984 ) , Practical Portrait Photography ( 1987 ) , How to Take Great Vacation Photography ( 2003 ) and The Art of Digital Photography ( 2006 ) .
He taught until 1994 , when he was made an emeritus professor at the RCA .
He always regarded writing as his other career and , at the time of his death , had completed the first three chapters of a second novel about his national service .
In 2006 , Hedgecoe signed a deal with a picture agency for the first time ; Topfoto plans to place all his work online .
He and Julia divorced in 1995 .
In 2001 , he married Jenny Hogg , whom he had first met working at Queen magazine .
She survives him , along with his children , Sebastian , Dolly and Auberon , from his first marriage .
• John Hedgecoe , photographer , born 24 March 1932 ; died 3 June 2010
OD now reaches around 30,000 unique visitors a month .
Last month , Occidental Observer had 90,000 unique visitors and TOQ Online reached 18,000 .
At a minimum , Stormfront , Amren , and VDARE combined must be reaching over hundreds of thousands of unique visitors a month .
The other pro-White sites in America reach tens of thousands of more unique visitors and cater to any number of diverse sub-cultures within the movement .
Here ’s the rub : with such a huge online media presence , why are so few people involved in pro-White organizations ?
I ’ve lost count of the number of people over the years who claim they want to do something .
Most take a look at the existing organizations and find some objection that deters them from joining .
The ubiquitous splinter groups in the White Nationalist movement and the social penalties that follow from membership are n’t exactly inspiring .
This troubling fact raises important questions .
The long term plan here at OD has always been to spend a few years building up a huge online media presence and then create an activist wing down the road .
With pro-White sites already reaching so many people , why are n’t more Americans coming out from behind their computer screens ?
What is the point of reaching more people with more media if the extent of their involvement is limited fighting with each other on internet blogs and forums ?
CofCC
In this post , I want to take a hard look at the Council of Conservative Citizens .
I ’ve known of the CofCC for seven or eight years now , but until recently I have n’t paid much attention to them .
What are the strengths of this organization ?
What are the weaknesses ?
Where is the CofCC headed in the future ?
What are the objections to joining ?
What are the counterarguments ?
This is a whole can of worms that has n’t been explored here .
I believe this is the first post in OD history ( correct me if I am wrong ) about the merits of a pro-White organization .
It is a small mystery in itself why we have talked about Red Jeffrey and Guy White over a dozen times , but until now have n’t discussed the ways in which we can get involved in the real world to bring White Nationalism out of the fantasy realm and into reality .
Pros and Cons
1. ) I would rather start my own organization .
One of the most demoralizing aspects of White Nationalism are the thousands of splinter groups that have one or two members , do absolutely nothing , and wither and die within a year .
It gives new recruits the impression that the movement is hopelessly disorganized and will never get its act together .
This problem can be traced to the radical individualism that has always been prominent in American culture .
Everyone wants to be the chief .
No one wants to be the Indian .
In the White Nationalist movement , this translates into hundreds of little micro-fuhrers each with their own small website that they call an organization .
Several Facebook groups of this sort come to mind .
It is usually a better idea to join an established organization than to start a brand new one .
Established organizations have the resources , networks , and knowledge that micro-fuhrers lack .
If you join an existing organization , you can work within a community to make your own division or unit a success .
There is n’t as much pressure .
You will be taken more seriously .
It is easier to make a name for yourself and get things done .
This is probably the greatest strength of the CofCC .
They have been around for twenty years now under that name .
Their roots can be traced to the Citizens ’ Councils of America which fought integration in the 1950s and 1960s .
CofCC has a fifty year legacy of resistance to integration and multiculturalism .
In a manner of speaking , CofCC is the oldest bank in town .
It is a safer place to invest your time and resources .
Of the existing pro-White organizations , it is the largest and most stable .
2. ) I have n’t joined a pro-White organization because they are full of cranks , kooks , losers , or sub-cultures that I would rather not associate with .
I ’ve been involved in pro-White discussion groups for almost ten years now .
This is the major reason why I stayed on the sidelines for so long .
My impression of the movement was that it was full of individualists who cared more about parading around in white sheets or flaunting their swastikas than making a serious effort to preserve our racial and cultural heritage .
Now that I am meeting people in real life , I have discovered that the loudmouth types who I see all the time on the internet , who I mentally associated with White Nationalism , are usually keyboard commandos .
I ’ve been to a few pro-White events and the people I met there were ordinary , intelligent , and normal Americans .
As the old saying goes , you ca n’t judge a book by its cover .
Similarly , you ca n’t judge the White Nationalist movement by the crazy people you see on internet forums .
CofCC has managed to ward off most of these types .
They have done a better job of this than any other comparable pro-White organization .
If you want to be around sane , normal , ordinary Americans who are concerned about their racial future , I ca n’t think of a better established organization .
3. ) I have n’t joined a pro-White organization because I can’t afford the membership dues .
The cost of joining the CofCC is $ 25 a year .
That is trivial .
Anyone can afford that .
It is equivalent of two cases of Bud Light or eating a steak dinner at a chain restaurant .
4. ) I have n’t joined a pro-White organization because I want to protect my identity .
Use a pseudonym .
If you join under your real name , the information is confidential and your privacy will be protected .
5. ) I ’m still not ready to join an organization .
Every White Nationalist should determine his or her own level of involvement .
If you are n’t ready to join an organization like CofCC , there are still things you can do .
You can show up at events .
You can donate .
You can write articles for the newspaper or blog under a pseudonym .
You can buy things like books and t- shirts .
You can participate in online blogs and discussion forums .
You can advertise and recommend pro-White organizations .
You can invite people to the relevant Facebook groups .
6. ) I ’m a White Nationalist , not a faileoconservative .
Why should I join the CofCC ?
I ’ve had this debate several times with Matt Parrott .
I consider myself a White Nationalist .
He calls himself a “ conservative ” and “ White Advocate . ”
When you get beyond these labels , there is n’t much difference between our respective views .
This is mostly an argument over semantics .
There are lots of White Nationalists involved with CofCC .
At the 2010 CofCC Conference , Sam Dickson bluntly described himself as a racial nationalist in his speech .
Everyone involved in CofCC is pro-White and anathema to mainstream conservative circles .
Personally , I want to create a Jew - free , White ethnostate in North America .
That ’s why I call myself a White Nationalist .
Moving beyond that minimum , I flesh out the details :
– I want to see a White ethnostate created in the American South .
– I want Anglo - Celtic Southerners to be the ethnic core of the White ethnostate .
In other words , I want the White ethnostate to be a Southern homeland .
– I want to restore the Confederate States of America as an independent nation .
– I want the South to be South again .
I want to return to traditional , authentic Southern culture .
This means doing away with the garbage that is pumped in here through print , radio , and television .
– I want a healthy Protestant Christianity to be the predominant religion of the South : old school , middle class , sensible and sturdy Christianity , not the Evangelical nuttiness that spread like kudzu here in the twentieth century .
– I want a federal national government and a constitutional republic .
The states should have more of a say in their own affairs than they do now .
– I love Confederate monuments .
I was raised to believe that Robert E. Lee , Stonewall Jackson , and Jefferson Davis were heroes .
There is no conflict between White Nationalism and wanting to conserve the history , heritage , and tradition that made the South great .
The moral of this story is that there are plenty of things about the South that I wish to conserve , namely , our race and culture .
I ’m simply of the belief that revolutionary action – a dissolution of the United States – is the indispensable prerequisite to any Southern racial and cultural revival .
7. ) The CofCC is n’t strongly enough opposed to the Jews .
There is no shortage of Jew - awareness in the CofCC .
Everyone involved knows about the problem and understands its significance .
Get involved and you will see for yourself .
The Jews played a prominent role in destroying the Jim Crow South which the CCA fought so hard to preserve .
That fact has hardly gone unnoticed .
At the same time , most people in the CofCC are intelligent enough to recognize that they are all sorts of factors pushing American decline .
The Jewish Question is only one aspect of a larger problem .
8. ) The CofCC is hostile to Westerners and Northerners .
This is not the case .
The CofCC has chapters in New York , Indiana , and California .
They are based in the South , but are eager to expand into a national organization .
It would be great to take back the whole country .
I ’m all for it .
If I had to choose between a Southern or American ethnostate , I would choose the latter .
I do n’t think it is practical or possible to take back all of America , but we should certainly try , and Northerners and Westerners should be actively building chapters in their own states .
9. ) The CofCC is Christian .
I am not a Christian .
We should be attacking Christianity which is a Jewish religion .
There is no religious litmus test for membership .
I think attacking Christianity – the religion of 85 % of White Americans – is a complete non-starter .
Instead of attacking Christianity , we should encourage Christians to return to their roots .
For 300 years , American Christians did n’t have a problem with “ racism . ”
If Christians examined their own religion , they would find that mainstream churches did n’t embrace anti-racism until the twentieth century , and then on dubious theological grounds .
The Southern Baptist Convention did n’t embrace anti-racism until the 1990s .
10 . ) CofCC is a bunch of old fogies .
We need a brand new organization that caters to White Nationalist youth .
I ’ve already explained why a new organization is a bad idea .
In the podcast , I explained why the age ratio within CofCC favors younger members : simply put , there are plenty of opportunities to advance .
Within twenty years , younger CofCC members will be leading the organization .
CofCC has evolved in the past .
In 1988 , it changed its name to Council of Conservative Citizens from the Citizens ’ Councils of America .
What could Gen X’ers and Gen Y’ers with the CofCC ?
That day will inevitably come .
11 . ) I want to get involved in mainstream politics .
CofCC is the largest pro-White organization and the only established organization that has any influence in state politics .
If you live in the South , CofCC is the logical organization to join .
Conclusion :
It is better to join an established organization and make your mark than to launch a risky new start up with zero name recognition .
Of the established organizations , CofCC is the largest , oldest , the most normal , the most tolerant and flexible , and offers the most opportunities for young people ( in particular , Southerners ) to advance .
They already have connections to the political mainstream .
See the image and caption .
OD reaches thousands of racialists in Virginia , Texas , and Florida .
We have a lot of people in Georgia , Tennessee , Alabama , and North Carolina as well .
Should n’t we join existing chapters or start new ones where they do n’t exist ?
What is the purpose of pro-White media aside from promoting pro-White activism ?
Joshua Foer is a guest blogger on Boing Boing .
Joshua is a freelance science journalist and the co-founder of the Atlas Obscura : A Compendium of the World 's Wonders , Curiosities , and Esoterica , with Dylan Thuras .
Spotty ( now hopefully fixed ) server aside , it 's been fun watching new entries pour into the Atlas Obscura from people we 've never met .
I want to share a place that recently caught my eye , posted the other day by a user named Dave .
It 's a massive underground coal fire that 's been smoldering beneath the town of Centralia , Pennsylvania ever since 1962 :
The town sits on top of a rich vein of coal , and the fire has defied every attempt to extinguish it .
National awareness of Centralia 's unending environmental catastrophe came in 1981 when a 12 - year - old boy fell into a 150 - foot hole that suddenly appeared in his back yard .
Most residents were relocated in 1984 , and in 1992 the entire town was condemned .
Most buildings were torn down , creating the Centralia that can still be seen today : a network of streets running through empty fields and , increasingly , new growth forest .
As of 2007 , Centralia had nine residents .
Then Dylan told me about a similar , and even more dramatic , subterranean fire that 's been burning for almost as long under the Karakum desert of Turkmenistan ( pictured above ) .
Locals call it the " Gates of Hell " :
The hole is the outcome not of nature but of an industrial accident .
In 1971 a Soviet drilling rig accidentally punched into a massive underground natural gas cavern , causing the ground to collapse and the entire drilling rig to fall in .
Having punctured a pocket of gas , poisonous fumes began leaking from the hole at an alarming rate .
To head off a potential environmental catastrophe , the Soviets set the hole alight .
The crater has n't stopped burning since .
Turns out , these sorts of mine fires can stay lit for a very long time .
One burned in the city of Zwickau , Germany from 1476 to 1860 .
Another coal fire in Germany , at a place called Brennender Berg ( Burning Mountain ) , has been smoking continually since 1688 !
London , England ( CNN ) -- Mohamed al Fayed , whose son died in the car crash that killed Princess Diana , has sold the iconic British department store Harrods , the advisers to the sale announced Saturday .
Al Fayed , who has been chairman of the store for 25 years , has decided to retire and spend more time with his children and grandchildren , said Ken Costa , chairman of Lazard International .
Al Fayed sold Harrods to Qatar Holding , which will become only the fifth owner of the store since it was created in 1849 , Costa said .
" In reaching the decision to retire , he wished to ensure that the legacy and traditions that he has built up in Harrods would be continued , and that the team that he has built up would be encouraged to develop the foundations that he has laid . "
Costa said in a statement .
" Qatar Holding was specifically chosen by the ( al Fayed family ) as they had both the vision and financial capacity to support the long - term successful growth of Harrods . "
Qatar Holding is a fully owned affiliate of Qatar Petroleum , a state - owned company based in Doha .
It was in the mid-1980s that al Fayed bought Harrods , a high - end department store in London 's exclusive Knightsbridge neighborhood .
In 2005 , he unveiled a bronze statue inside the store featuring Princess Diana and his son , Dodi Fayed .
Titled " Innocent Victims , " the statue was meant to depict the pair in eternal happiness together , al Fayed said at the time .
Dodi Fayed and Diana died in 1997 when the car they were riding in crashed in a Paris tunnel as they were pursued by paparazzi .
The Sunday Times Rich
List two weeks ago put al Fayed 's personal fortune at £ 650 million ( $ 962 million ) .
It said he was only one of three people among the top 100 names on the list to have increased their wealth .
" What recession ?
Not for Harrods this time , " al Fayed told the paper .
Al Fayed , who is Egyptian , has lived in Britain since the 1970s and regards it as his home , but he has repeatedly been denied a British passport .
Harrods was founded by London grocer Charles Henry Harrod , who originally set up shop in east London .
Harrod wanted to escape the inner-city filth and capitalize on trade from the upcoming Great Exhibition in Hyde Park , so in 1849 he took over a small shop near the park in what was then the new district of Knightsbridge , on the site of the current store , according to Harrods .
It was Harrods that had the very first sale , the Winter Clearance of 1894 .
They also introduced the world 's first escalator in 1898 , according to the store -- with brandy at the top for nervous customers .
In December 1983 , the Irish Republican Army detonated a car bomb near Harrods that killed six people during the Christmas shopping rush .
Harrods was starting to find itself outmoded in the 1980s when al Fayed took over , purchasing it as part of the House of Fraser Group for £ 615 million , the store says .
Under al Fayed , Harrods went through a major refurbishment that included constructing the Egyptian Escalator , a $ 30 million " homage to ancient Egypt . "
Andrew Jackson's Farewell Address ( 1837 )
by ( 1837 ) sister projects : Wikidata item .
6386 Andrew Jackson's Farewell Address Andrew Jackson 1837
Jackson ’s Farewell Address
( March 4 , 1837 )
FELLOW -CITIZENS : Being about to retire finally from public life , I beg leave to offer you my grateful thanks for the many proofs of kindness and confidence which I have received at your hands .
It has been my fortune in the discharge of public duties , civil and military , frequently to have found myself in difficult and trying situations , where prompt decision and energetic action were necessary , and where the interest of the country required that high responsibilities should be fearlessly encountered ; and it is with the deepest emotions of gratitude that I acknowledge the continued and unbroken confidence with which you have sustained me in every trial .
My public life has been a long one , and I can not hope that it has at all times been free from errors ; but I have the consolation of knowing that if mistakes have been committed they have not seriously injured the country I so anxiously endeavored to serve , and at the moment when I surrender my last public trust I leave this great people prosperous and happy , in the full enjoyment of liberty and peace , and honored and respected by every nation of the world .
If my humble efforts have in any degree contributed to preserve to you these blessings , I have been more than rewarded by the honors you have heaped upon me , and , above all , by the generous confidence with which you have supported me in every peril , and with which you have continued to animate and cheer my path to the closing hour of my political life .
The time has now come when advanced age and a broken frame warn me to retire from public concerns , but the recollection of the many favors you have bestowed upon me is engraven upon my heart , and I have felt that I could not part from your service without making this public acknowledgment of the gratitude I owe you .
And if I use the occasion to offer to you the counsels of age and experience , you will , I trust , receive them with the same indulgent kindness which you have so often extended to me , and will at least see in them an earnest desire to perpetuate in this favored land the blessings of liberty and equal law .
We have now lived almost fifty years under the Constitution framed by the sages and patriots of the Revolution .
The conflicts in which the nations of Europe were engaged during a great part of this period , the spirit in which they waged war against each other , and our intimate commercial connections with every part of the civilized world rendered it a time of much difficulty for the Government of the United States .
We have had our seasons of peace and of war , with all the evils which precede or follow a state of hostility with powerful nations .
We encountered these trials with our Constitution yet in its infancy , and under the disadvantages which a new and untried government must always feel when it is called upon to put forth its whole strength without the lights of experience to guide it or the weight of precedents to justify its measures .
But we have passed triumphantly through all these difficulties .
Our Constitution is no longer a doubtful experiment , and at the end of nearly half a century we find that it has preserved unimpaired the liberties of the people , secured the rights of property , and that our country has improved and is flourishing beyond any former example in the history of nations .
In our domestic concerns there is everything to encourage us , and if you are true to yourselves nothing can impede your march to the highest point of national prosperity .
The States which had so long been retarded in their improvement by the Indian tribes residing in the midst of them are at length relieved from the evil , and this unhappy race — the original dwellers in our land — are now placed in a situation where we may well hope that they will share in the blessings of civilization and be saved from that degradation and destruction to which they were rapidly hastening while they remained in the States ; and while the safety and comfort of our own citizens have been greatly promoted by their removal , the philanthropist will rejoice that the remnant of that ill - fated race has been at length placed beyond the reach of injury or oppression , and that the paternal care of the General Government will hereafter watch over them and protect them .
If we turn to our relations with foreign powers , we find our condition equally gratifying .
Actuated by the sincere desire to do justice to every nation and to preserve the blessings of peace , our intercourse with them has been conducted on the part of this Government in the spirit of frankness ; and I take pleasure in saying that it has generally been met in a corresponding temper .
Difficulties of old standing have been surmounted by friendly discussion and the mutual desire to be just , and the claims of our citizens , which had been long withheld , have at length been acknowledged and adjusted and satisfactory arrangements made for their final payment ; and with a limited , and I trust a temporary , exception , our relations with every foreign power are now of the most friendly character , our commerce continually expanding , and our flag respected in every quarter of the world .
These cheering and grateful prospects and these multiplied favors we owe , under Providence , to the adoption of the Federal Constitution .
It is no longer a question whether this great country can remain happily united and flourish under our present form of government .
Experience , the unerring test of all human undertakings , has shown the wisdom and foresight of those who formed it , and has proved that in the union of these States there is a sure foundation for the brightest hopes of freedom and for the happiness of the people .
At every hazard and by every sacrifice this Union must be preserved .
The necessity of watching with jealous anxiety for the preservation of the Union was earnestly pressed upon his fellow - citizens by the Father of his Country in his Farewell Address .
He has there told us that " while experience shall not have demonstrated its impracticability , there will always be reason to distrust the patriotism of those who in any quarter may endeavor to weaken its bands ; " and he has cautioned us in the strongest terms against the formation of parties on geographical discriminations , as one of the means which might disturb our Union and to which designing men would be likely to resort .
The lessons contained in this invaluable legacy of Washington to his countrymen should be cherished in the heart of every citizen to the latest generation ; and perhaps at no period of time could they be more usefully remembered than at the present moment ; for when we look upon the scenes that are passing around us and dwell upon the pages of his parting address , his paternal counsels would seem to be not merely the offspring of wisdom and foresight , but the voice of prophecy , foretelling events and warning us of the evil to come .
Forty years have passed since this imperishable document was given to his countrymen .
The Federal Constitution was then regarded by him as an experiment — and he so speaks of it in his Address — but an experiment upon the success of which the best hopes of his country depended ; and we all know that he was prepared to lay down his life , if necessary , to secure to it a full and a fair trial .
The trial has been made .
It has succeeded beyond the proudest hopes of those who framed it .
Every quarter of this widely extended nation has felt its blessings and shared in the general prosperity produced by its adoption .
But amid this general prosperity and splendid success the dangers of which he warned us are becoming every day more evident , and the signs of evil are sufficiently apparent to awaken the deepest anxiety in the bosom of the patriot .
We behold systematic efforts publicly made to sow the seeds of discord between different parts of the United States and to place party divisions directly upon geographical distinctions ; to excite the South against the North and the North against the South , and to force into the controversy the most delicate and exciting topics — topics upon which it is impossible that a large portion of the Union can ever speak without strong emotion .
Appeals , too , are constantly made to sectional interests in order to influence the election of the Chief Magistrate , as if it were desired that he should favor a particular quarter of the country instead of fulfilling the duties of his station with impartial justice to all ; and the possible dissolution of the Union has at length become an ordinary and familiar subject of discussion .
Has the warning voice of Washington been forgotten , or have designs already been formed to sever the Union ?
Let it not be supposed that I impute to all of those who have taken an active part in these unwise and unprofitable discussions a want of patriotism or of public virtue .
The honorable feeling of State pride and local attachments finds a place in the bosoms of the most enlightened and pure .
But while such men are conscious of their own integrity and honesty of purpose , they ought never to forget that the citizens of other States are their political brethren , and that however mistaken they may be in their views , the great body of them are equally honest and upright with themselves .
Mutual suspicions and reproaches may in time create mutual hostility , and artful and designing men will always be found who are ready to foment these fatal divisions and to inflame the natural jealousies of different sections of the country .
The history of the world is full of such examples , and especially the history of republics .
What have you to gain by division and dissension ?
Delude not yourselves with the belief that a breach once made may be afterwards repaired .
If the Union is once severed , the line of separation will grow wider and wider , and the controversies which are now debated and settled in the halls of legislation will then be tried in fields of battle and determined by the sword .
Neither should you deceive yourselves with the hope that the first line of separation would be the permanent one , and that nothing but harmony and concord would be found in the new associations formed upon the dissolution of this Union .
Local interests would still be found there , and unchastened ambition .
And if the recollection of common dangers , in which the people of these United States stood side by side against the common foe , the memory of victories won by their united valor , the prosperity and happiness they have enjoyed under the present Constitution , the proud name they bear as citizens of this great Republic — if all these recollections and proofs of common interest are not strong enough to bind us together as one people , what tie will hold united the new divisions of empire when these bonds have been broken and this Union dissevered ?
The first line of separation would not last for a single generation ; new fragments would be torn off , new leaders would spring up , and this great and glorious Republic would soon be broken into a multitude of petty States , without commerce , without credit , jealous of one another , armed for mutual aggression , loaded with taxes to pay armies and leaders , seeking aid against each other from foreign powers , insulted and trampled upon by the nations of Europe , until , harassed with conflicts and humbled and debased in spirit , they would be ready to submit to the absolute dominion of any military adventurer and to surrender their liberty for the sake of repose .
It is impossible to look on the consequences that would inevitably follow the destruction of this Government and not feel indignant when we hear cold calculations about the value of the Union and have so constantly before us a line of conduct so well calculated to weaken its ties .
There is too much at stake to allow pride or passion to influence your decision .
Never for a moment believe that the great body of the citizens of any State or States can deliberately intend to do wrong .
They may , under the influence of temporary excitement or misguided opinions , commit mistakes ; they may be misled for a time by the suggestions of self - interest ; but in a community so enlightened and patriotic as the people of the United States argument will soon make them sensible of their errors , and when convinced they will be ready to repair them .
If they have no higher or better motives to govern them , they will at least perceive that their own interest requires them to be just to others , as they hope to receive justice at their hands .
But in order to maintain the Union unimpaired it is absolutely necessary that the laws passed by the constituted authorities should be faithfully executed in every part of the country , and that every good citizen should at all times stand ready to put down , with the combined force of the nation , every attempt at unlawful resistance , under whatever pretext it may be made or whatever shape it may assume .
Unconstitutional or oppressive laws may no doubt be passed by Congress , either from erroneous views or the want of due consideration ; if they are within the reach of judicial authority , the remedy is easy and peaceful ; and if , from the character of the law , it is an abuse of power not within the control of the judiciary , then free discussion and calm appeals to reason and to the justice of the people will not fail to redress the wrong .
But until the law shall be declared void by the courts or repealed by Congress no individual or combination of individuals can be justified in forcibly resisting its execution .
It is impossible that any government can continue to exist upon any other principles .
It would cease to be a government and be unworthy of the name if it had not the power to enforce the execution of its own laws within its own sphere of action .
It is true that cases may be imagined disclosing such a settled purpose of usurpation and oppression on the part of the Government as would justify an appeal to arms .
These , however , are extreme cases , which we have no reason to apprehend in a government where the power is in the hands of a patriotic people .
And no citizen who loves his country would in any case whatever resort to forcible resistance unless he clearly saw that the time had come when a freeman should prefer death to submission ; for if such a struggle is once begun , and the citizens of one section of the country arrayed in arms against those of another in doubtful conflict , let the battle result as it may , there will be an end of the Union and with it an end to the hopes of freedom .
The victory of the injured would not secure to them the blessings of liberty ; it would avenge their wrongs , but they would themselves share in the common ruin .
But the Constitution can not be maintained nor the Union preserved , in opposition to public feeling , by the mere exertion of the coercive powers confided to the General Government .
The foundations must be laid in the affections of the people , in the security it gives to life , liberty , character , and property in every quarter of the country , and in the fraternal attachment which the citizens of the several States bear to one another as members of one political family , mutually contributing to promote the happiness of each other .
Hence the citizens of every State should studiously avoid everything calculated to wound the sensibility or offend the just pride of the people of other States , and they should frown upon any proceedings within their own borders likely to disturb the tranquillity of their political brethren in other portions of the Union .
In a country so extensive as the United States , and with pursuits so varied , the internal regulations of the several States must frequently differ from one another in important particulars , and this difference is unavoidably increased by the varying principles upon which the American colonies were originally planted — principles which had taken deep root in their social relations before the Revolution , and therefore of necessity influencing their policy since they became free and independent States .
But each State has the unquestionable right to regulate its own internal concerns according to its own pleasure , and while it does not interfere with the rights of the people of other States or the rights of the Union , every State must be the sole judge of the measures proper to secure the safety of its citizens and promote their happiness ; and all efforts on the part of people of other States to cast odium upon their institutions , and all measures calculated to disturb their rights of property or to put in jeopardy their peace and internal tranquillity , are in direct opposition to the spirit in which the Union was formed , and must endanger its safety .
Motives of philanthropy may be assigned for this unwarrantable interference , and weak men may persuade themselves for a moment that they are laboring in the cause of humanity and asserting the rights of the human race ; but everyone , upon sober reflection , will see that nothing but mischief can come from these improper assaults upon the feelings and rights of others .
Rest assured that the men found busy in this work of discord are not worthy of your confidence , and deserve your strongest reprobation .
In the legislation of Congress also , and in every measure of the General Government , justice to every portion of the United States should be faithfully observed .
No free government can stand without virtue in the people and a lofty spirit of patriotism , and if the sordid feelings of mere selfishness shall usurp the place which ought to be filled by public spirit , the legislation of Congress will soon be converted into a scramble for personal and sectional advantages .
Under our free institutions the citizens of every quarter of our country are capable of attaining a high degree of prosperity and happiness without seeking to profit themselves at the expense of others ; and every such attempt must in the end fail to succeed , for the people in every part of the United States are too enlightened not to understand their own rights and interests and to detect and defeat every effort to gain undue advantages over them ; and when such designs are discovered it naturally provokes resentments which can not always be easily allayed .
Justice — full and ample justice to every portion of the United States should be the ruling principle of every freeman , and should guide the deliberations of every public body , whether it be State or national .
It is well known that there have always been those amongst us who wish to enlarge the powers of the General Government , and experience would seem to indicate that there is a tendency on the part of this Government to overstep the boundaries marked out for it by the Constitution .
Its legitimate authority is abundantly sufficient for all the purposes for which it was created , and its powers being expressly enumerated , there can be no justification for claiming anything beyond them .
Every attempt to exercise power beyond these limits should be promptly and firmly opposed , for one evil example will lead to other measures still more mischievous ; and if the principle of constructive powers or supposed advantages or temporary circumstances shall ever be permitted to justify the assumption of a power not given by the Constitution , the General Government will before long absorb all the powers of legislation , and you will have in effect but one consolidated government .
From the extent of our country , its diversified interests , different pursuits , and different habits , it is too obvious for argument that a single consolidated government would be wholly inadequate to watch over and protect its interests ; and every friend of our free institutions should be always prepared to maintain unimpaired and in full vigor the rights and sovereignty of the States and to confine the action of the General Government strictly to the sphere of its appropriate duties .
There is , perhaps , no one of the powers conferred on the Federal Government so liable to abuse as the taxing power .
The most productive and convenient sources of revenue were necessarily given to it , that it might be able to perform the important duties imposed upon it ; and the taxes which it lays upon commerce being concealed from the real payer in the price of the article , they do not so readily attract the attention of the people as smaller sums demanded from them directly by the taxgatherer .
But the tax imposed on goods enhances by so much the price of the commodity to the consumer , and as many of these duties are imposed on articles of necessity which are daily used by the great body of the people , the money raised by these imposts is drawn from their pockets .
Congress has no right under the Constitution to take money from the people unless it is required to execute some one of the specific powers intrusted to the Government ; and if they raise more than is necessary for such purposes , it is an abuse of the power of taxation , and unjust and oppressive .
It may indeed happen that the revenue will sometimes exceed the amount anticipated when the taxes were laid .
When , however , this is ascertained , it is easy to reduce them , and in such a case it is unquestionably the duty of the Government to reduce them , for no circumstances can justify it in assuming a power not given to it by the Constitution nor in taking away the money of the people when it is not needed for the legitimate wants of the Government .
Plain as these principles appear to be , you will yet find there is a constant effort to induce the General Government to go beyond the limits of its taxing power and to impose unnecessary burdens upon the people .
Many powerful interests are continually at work to procure heavy duties on commerce and to swell the revenue beyond the real necessities of the public service , and the country has already felt the injurious effects of their combined influence .
They succeeded in obtaining a tariff of duties bearing most oppressively on the agricultural and laboring classes of society and producing a revenue that could not be usefully employed within the range of the powers conferred upon Congress , and in order to fasten upon the people this unjust and unequal system of taxation extravagant schemes of internal improvement were got up in various quarters to squander the money and to purchase support .
Thus one unconstitutional measure was intended to be upheld by another , and the abuse of the power of taxation was to be maintained by usurping the power of expending the money in internal improvements .
You can not have forgotten the severe and doubtful struggle through which we passed when the executive department of the Government by its veto endeavored to arrest this prodigal scheme of injustice and to bring back the legislation of Congress to the boundaries prescribed by the Constitution .
The good sense and practical judgment of the people when the subject was brought before them sustained the course of the Executive , and this plan of unconstitutional expenditures for the purposes of corrupt influence is , I trust , finally overthrown .
The result of this decision has been felt in the rapid extinguishment of the public debt and the large accumulation of a surplus in the Treasury , notwithstanding the tariff was reduced and is now very far below the amount originally contemplated by its advocates .
But , rely upon it , the design to collect an extravagant revenue and to burden you with taxes beyond the economical wants of the Government is not yet abandoned .
The various interests which have combined together to impose a heavy tariff and to produce an overflowing Treasury are too strong and have too much at stake to surrender the contest .
The corporations and wealthy individuals who are engaged in large manufacturing establishments desire a high tariff to increase their gains .
Designing politicians will support it to conciliate their favor and to obtain the means of profuse expenditure for the purpose of purchasing influence in other quarters ; and since the people have decided that the Federal Government can not be permitted to employ its income in internal improvements , efforts will be made to seduce and mislead the citizens of the several States by holding out to them the deceitful prospect of benefits to be derived from a surplus revenue collected by the General Government and annually divided among the States ; and if , encouraged by these fallacious hopes , the States should disregard the principles of economy which ought to characterize every republican government , and should indulge in lavish expenditures exceeding their resources , they will before long find themselves oppressed with debts which they are unable to pay , and the temptation will become irresistible to support a high tariff in order to obtain a surplus for distribution .
Do not allow yourselves , my fellow - citizens , to be misled on this subject .
The Federal Government can not collect a surplus for such purposes without violating the principles of the Constitution and assuming powers which have not been granted .
It is , moreover , a system of injustice , and if persisted in will inevitably lead to corruption , and must end in ruin .
The surplus revenue will be drawn from the pockets of the people — from the farmer , the mechanic , and the laboring classes of society ; but who will receive it when distributed among the States , where it is to be disposed of by leading State politicians , who have friends to favor and political partisans to gratify ?
It will certainly not be returned to those who paid it and who have most need of it and are honestly entitled to it .
There is but one safe rule , and that is to confine the General Government rigidly within the sphere of its appropriate duties .
It has no power to raise a revenue or impose taxes except for the purposes enumerated in the Constitution , and if its income is found to exceed these wants it should be forthwith reduced and the burden of the people so far lightened .
In reviewing the conflicts which have taken place between different interests in the United States and the policy pursued since the adoption of our present form of Government , we find nothing that has produced such deep - seated evil as the course of legislation in relation to the currency .
The Constitution of the United States unquestionably intended to secure to the people a circulating medium of gold and silver .
But the establishment of a national bank by Congress , with the privilege of issuing paper money receivable in the payment of the public dues , and the unfortunate course of legislation in the several States upon the same subject , drove from general circulation the constitutional currency and substituted one of paper in its place .
It was not easy for men engaged in the ordinary pursuits of business , whose attention had not been particularly drawn to the subject , to foresee all the consequences of a currency exclusively of paper , and we ought not on that account to be surprised at the facility with which laws were obtained to carry into effect the paper system .
Honest and even enlightened men are sometimes misled by the specious and plausible statements of the designing .
But experience has now proved the mischiefs and dangers of a paper currency , and it rests with you to determine whether the proper remedy shall be applied .
The paper system being founded on public confidence and having of itself no intrinsic value , it is liable to great and sudden fluctuations , thereby rendering property insecure and the wages of labor unsteady and uncertain .
The corporations which create the paper money can not be relied upon to keep the circulating medium uniform in amount .
In times of prosperity , when confidence is high , they are tempted by the prospect of gain or by the influence of those who hope to profit by it to extend their issues of paper beyond the bounds of discretion and the reasonable demands of business ; and when these issues have been pushed on from day to day , until public confidence is at length shaken , then a reaction takes place , and they immediately withdraw the credits they have given , suddenly curtail their issues , and produce an unexpected and ruinous contraction of the circulating medium , which is felt by the whole community .
The banks by this means save themselves , and the mischievous consequences of their imprudence or cupidity are visited upon the public .
Nor does the evil stop here .
These ebbs and flows in the currency and these indiscreet extensions of credit naturally engender a spirit of speculation injurious to the habits and character of the people .
We have already seen its effects in the wild spirit of speculation in the public lands and various kinds of stock which within the last year or two seized upon such a multitude of our citizens and threatened to pervade all classes of society and to withdraw their attention from the sober pursuits of honest industry .
It is not by encouraging this spirit that we shall best preserve public virtue and promote the true interests of our country ; but if your currency continues as exclusively paper as it now is , it will foster this eager desire to amass wealth without labor ; it will multiply the number of dependents on bank accommodations and bank favors ; the temptation to obtain money at any sacrifice will become stronger and stronger , and inevitably lead to corruption , which will find its way into your public councils and destroy at no distant day the purity of your Government .
Some of the evils which arise from this system of paper press with peculiar hardship upon the class of society least able to bear it .
A portion of this currency frequently becomes depreciated or worthless , and all of it is easily counterfeited in such a manner as to require peculiar skill and much experience to distinguish the counterfeit from the genuine note .
These frauds are most generally perpetrated in the smaller notes , which are used in the daily transactions of ordinary business , and the losses occasioned by them are commonly thrown upon the laboring classes of society , whose situation and pursuits put it out of their power to guard themselves from these impositions , and whose daily wages are necessary for their subsistence .
It is the duty of every government so to regulate its currency as to protect this numerous class , as far as practicable , from the impositions of avarice and fraud .
It is more especially the duty of the United States , where the Government is emphatically the Government of the people , and where this respectable portion of our citizens are so proudly distinguished from the laboring classes of all other nations by their independent spirit , their love of liberty , their intelligence , and their high tone of moral character .
Their industry in peace is the source of our wealth and their bravery in war has covered us with glory ; and the Government of the United States will but ill discharge its duties if it leaves them a prey to such dishonest impositions .
Yet it is evident that their interests can not be effectually protected unless silver and gold are restored to circulation .
These views alone of the paper currency are sufficient to call for immediate reform ; but there is another consideration which should still more strongly press it upon your attention .
Recent events have proved that the paper - money system of this country may be used as an engine to undermine your free institutions , and that those who desire to engross all power in the hands of the few and to govern by corruption or force are aware of its power and prepared to employ it .
Your banks now furnish your only circulating medium , and money is plenty or scarce according to the quantity of notes issued by them .
While they have capitals not greatly disproportioned to each other , they are competitors in business , and no one of them can exercise dominion over the rest ; and although in the present state of the currency these banks may and do operate injuriously upon the habits of business , the pecuniary concerns , and the moral tone of society , yet , from their number and dispersed situation , they can not combine for the purposes of political influence , and whatever may be the dispositions of some of them their power of mischief must necessarily be confined to a narrow space and felt only in their immediate neighborhoods .
But when the charter for the Bank of the United States was obtained from Congress it perfected the schemes of the paper system and gave to its advocates the position they have struggled to obtain from the commencement of the Federal Government to the present hour .
The immense capital and peculiar privileges bestowed upon it enabled it to exercise despotic sway over the other banks in every part of the country .
From its superior strength it could seriously injure , if not destroy , the business of any one of them which might incur its resentment ; and it openly claimed for itself the power of regulating the currency throughout the United States .
In other words , it asserted ( and it undoubtedly possessed ) the power to make money plenty or scarce at its pleasure , at any time and in any quarter of the Union , by controlling the issues of other banks and permitting an expansion or compelling a general contraction of the circulating medium , according to its own will .
The other banking institutions were sensible of its strength , and they soon generally became its obedient instruments , ready at all times to execute its mandates ; and with the banks necessarily went also that numerous class of persons in our commercial cities who depend altogether on bank credits for their solvency and means of business , and who are therefore obliged , for their own safety , to propitiate the favor of the money power by distinguished zeal and devotion in its service .
The result of the ill - advised legislation which established this great monopoly was to concentrate the whole moneyed power of the Union , with its boundless means of corruption and its numerous dependents , under the direction and command of one acknowledged head , thus organizing this particular interest as one body and securing to it unity and concert of action throughout the United States , and enabling it to bring forward upon any occasion its entire and undivided strength to support or defeat any measure of the Government .
In the hands of this formidable power , thus perfectly organized , was also placed unlimited dominion over the amount of the circulating medium , giving it the power to regulate the value of property and the fruits of labor in every quarter of the Union , and to bestow prosperity or bring ruin upon any city or section of the country as might best comport with its own interest or policy .
We are not left to conjecture how the moneyed power , thus organized and with such a weapon in its hands , would be likely to use it .
The distress and alarm which pervaded and agitated the whole country when the Bank of the United States waged war upon the people in order to compel them to submit to its demands can not yet be forgotten .
The ruthless and unsparing temper with which whole cities and communities were oppressed , individuals impoverished and ruined , and a scene of cheerful prosperity suddenly changed into one of gloom and despondency ought to be indelibly impressed on the memory of the people of the United States .
If such was its power in a time of peace , what would it not have been in a season of war , with an enemy at your doors ?
No nation but the freemen of the United States could have come out victorious from such a contest ; yet , if you had not conquered , the Government would have passed from the hands of the many to the hands of the few , and this organized money power from its secret conclave would have dictated the choice of your highest officers and compelled you to make peace or war , as best suited their own wishes .
The forms of your Government might for a time have remained , but its living spirit would have departed from it .
The distress and sufferings inflicted on the people by the bank are some of the fruits of that system of policy which is continually striving to enlarge the authority of the Federal Government beyond the limits fixed by the Constitution .
The powers enumerated in that instrument do not confer on Congress the right to establish such a corporation as the Bank of the United States , and the evil consequences which followed may warn us of the danger of departing from the true rule of construction and of permitting temporary circumstances or the hope of better promoting the public welfare to influence in any degree our decisions upon the extent of the authority of the General Government .
Let us abide by the Constitution as it is written , or amend it in the constitutional mode if it is found to be defective .
The severe lessons of experience will , I doubt not , be sufficient to prevent Congress from again chartering such a monopoly , even if the Constitution did not present an insuperable objection to it .
But you must remember , my fellow - citizens , that eternal vigilance by the people is the price of liberty , and that you must pay the price if you wish to secure the blessing .
It behooves you , therefore , to be watchful in your States as well as in the Federal Government .
The power which the moneyed interest can exercise , when concentrated under a single head and with our present system of currency , was sufficiently demonstrated in the struggle made by the Bank of the United States .
Defeated in the General Government , the same class of intriguers and politicians will now resort to the States and endeavor to obtain there the same organization which they failed to perpetuate in the Union ; and with specious and deceitful plans of public advantages and State interests and State pride they will endeavor to establish in the different States one moneyed institution with overgrown capital and exclusive privileges sufficient to enable it to control the operations of the other banks .
Such an institution will be pregnant with the same evils produced by the Bank of the United States , although its sphere of action is more confined , and in the State in which it is chartered the money power will be able to embody its whole strength and to move together with undivided force to accomplish any object it may wish to attain .
You have already had abundant evidence of its power to inflict injury upon the agricultural , mechanical , and laboring classes of society , and over those whose engagements in trade or speculation render them dependent on bank facilities the dominion of the State monopoly will be absolute and their obedience unlimited .
With such a bank and a paper currency the money power would in a few years govern the State and control its measures , and if a sufficient number of States can be induced to create such establishments the time will soon come when it will again take the field against the United States and succeed in perfecting and perpetuating its organization by a charter from Congress .
It is one of the serious evils of our present system of banking that it enables one class of society — and that by no means a numerous one — by its control over the currency , to act injuriously upon the interests of all the others and to exercise more than its just proportion of influence in political affairs .
The agricultural , the mechanical , and the laboring classes have little or no share in the direction of the great moneyed corporations , and from their habits and the nature of their pursuits they are incapable of forming extensive combinations to act together with united force .
Such concert of action may sometimes be produced in a single city or in a small district of country by means of personal communications with each other , but they have no regular or active correspondence with those who are engaged in similar pursuits in distant places ; they have but little patronage to give to the press , and exercise but a small share of influence over it ; they have no crowd of dependents about them who hope to grow rich without labor by their countenance and favor , and who are therefore always ready to execute their wishes .
The planter , the farmer , the mechanic , and the laborer all know that their success depends upon their own industry and economy , and that they must not expect to become suddenly rich by the fruits of their toil .
Yet these classes of society form the great body of the people of the United States ; they are the bone and sinew of the country — men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws , and who , moreover , hold the great mass of our national wealth , although it is distributed in moderate amounts among the millions of freemen who possess it .
But with overwhelming numbers and wealth on their side they are in constant danger of losing their fair influence in the Government , and with difficulty maintain their just rights against the incessant efforts daily made to encroach upon them .
The mischief springs from the power which the moneyed interest derives from a paper currency which they are able to control , from the multitude of corporations with exclusive privileges which they have succeeded in obtaining in the different States , and which are employed altogether for their benefit ; and unless you become more watchful in your States and check this spirit of monopoly and thirst for exclusive privileges you will in the end find that the most important powers of Government have been given or bartered away , and the control over your dearest interests has passed into the hands of these corporations .
The paper - money system and its natural associations — monopoly and exclusive privileges — have already struck their roots too deep in the soil , and it will require all your efforts to check its further growth and to eradicate the evil .
The men who profit by the abuses and desire to perpetuate them will continue to besiege the halls of legislation in the General Government as well as in the States , and will seek by every artifice to mislead and deceive the public servants .
It is to yourselves that you must look for safety and the means of guarding and perpetuating your free institutions .
In your hands is rightfully placed the sovereignty of the country , and to you everyone placed in authority is ultimately responsible .
It is always in your power to see that the wishes of the people are carried into faithful execution , and their will , when once made known , must sooner or later be obeyed ; and while the people remain , as I trust they ever will , uncorrupted and incorruptible , and continue watchful and jealous of their rights , the Government is safe , and the cause of freedom will continue to triumph over all its enemies .
But it will require steady and persevering exertions on your part to rid yourselves of the iniquities and mischiefs of the paper system and to check the spirit of monopoly and other abuses which have sprung up with it , and of which it is the main support .
So many interests are united to resist all reform on this subject that you must not hope the conflict will be a short one nor success easy .
My humble efforts have not been spared during my administration of the Government to restore the constitutional currency of gold and silver , and something , I trust , has been done toward the accomplishment of this most desirable object ; but enough yet remains to require all your energy and perseverance .
The power , however , is in your hands , and the remedy must and will be applied if you determine upon it .
While I am thus endeavoring to press upon your attention the principles which I deem of vital importance in the domestic concerns of the country , I ought not to pass over without notice the important considerations which should govern your policy toward foreign powers .
It is unquestionably our true interest to cultivate the most friendly understanding with every nation and to avoid by every honorable means the calamities of war , and we shall best attain this object by frankness and sincerity in our foreign intercourse , by the prompt and faithful execution of treaties , and by justice and impartiality in our conduct to all .
But no nation , however desirous of peace , can hope to escape occasional collisions with other powers , and the soundest dictates of policy require that we should place ourselves in a condition to assert our rights if a resort to force should ever become necessary .
Our local situation , our long line of seacoast , indented by numerous bays , with deep rivers opening into the interior , as well as our extended and still increasing commerce , point to the Navy as our natural means of defense .
It will in the end be found to be the cheapest and most effectual , and now is the time , in a season of peace and with an overflowing revenue , that we can year after year add to its strength without increasing the burdens of the people .
It is your true policy , for your Navy will not only protect your rich and flourishing commerce in distant seas , but will enable you to reach and annoy the enemy and will give to defense its greatest efficiency by meeting danger at a distance from home .
It is impossible by any line of fortifications to guard every point from attack against a hostile force advancing from the ocean and selecting its object , but they are indispensable to protect cities from bombardment , dockyards and naval arsenals from destruction , to give shelter to merchant vessels in time of war and to single ships or weaker squadrons when pressed by superior force .
Fortifications of this description can not be too soon completed and armed and placed in a condition of the most perfect preparation .
The abundant means we now possess can not be applied in any manner more useful to the country , and when this is done and our naval force sufficiently strengthened and our militia armed we need not fear that any nation will wantonly insult us or needlessly provoke hostilities .
We shall more certainly preserve peace when it is well understood that we are prepared for war .
In presenting to you , my fellow - citizens , these parting counsels , I have brought before you the leading principles upon which I endeavored to administer the Government in the high office with which you twice honored me .
Knowing that the path of freedom is continually beset by enemies who often assume the disguise of friends , I have devoted the last hours of my public life to warn you of the dangers .
The progress of the United States under our free and happy institutions has surpassed the most sanguine hopes of the founders of the Republic .
Our growth has been rapid beyond all former example in numbers , in wealth , in knowledge , and all the useful arts which contribute to the comforts and convenience of man , and from the earliest ages of history to the present day there never have been thirteen millions of people associated in one political body who enjoyed so much freedom and happiness as the people of these United States .
You have no longer any cause to fear danger from abroad ; your strength and power are well known throughout the civilized world , as well as the high and gallant bearing of your sons .
It is from within , among yourselves — from cupidity , from corruption , from disappointed ambition and inordinate thirst for power — that factions will be formed and liberty endangered .
It is against such designs , whatever disguise the actors may assume , that you have especially to guard yourselves .
You have the highest of human trusts committed to your care .
Providence has showered on this favored land blessings without number , and has chosen you as the guardians of freedom , to preserve it for the benefit of the human race .
May
He who holds in His hands the destinies of nations make you worthy of the favors
He has bestowed and enable you , with pure hearts and pure hands and sleepless vigilance , to guard and defend to the end of time the great charge
He has committed to your keeping .
My own race is nearly run ; advanced age and failing health warn me that before long I must pass beyond the reach of human events and cease to feel the vicissitudes of human affairs .
I thank God that my life has been spent in a land of liberty and that He has given me a heart to love my country with the affection of a son .
And filled with gratitude for your constant and unwavering kindness , I bid you a last and affectionate farewell .
Mother Jones describes a creepy manifestation of the secrecy surrounding the BP oil spill :
Last week , Drew Wheelan , the conservation coordinator for the American Birding Association , was filming himself across the street from the BP building / Deepwater Horizon response command in Houma , Louisiana .
As he explained to me , he was standing in a field that did not belong to the oil company when a police officer approached him and asked him for ID and " strongly suggest[ed ] " that he get lost since " BP does n't want people filming " :
Here 's the key exchange :
Wheelan : " Am I violating any laws or anything like that ? "
Officer : " Um …not particularly .
BP does n't want people filming . "
Wheelan : " Well , I 'm not on their property so BP does n't have anything to say about what I do right now . "
Officer : " Let me explain : BP does n't want any filming .
So all I can really do is strongly suggest that you not film anything right now .
If that makes any sense . "
Not really !
Shortly thereafter , Wheelan got in his car and drove away but was soon was pulled over .
It was the same cop , but this time he had company : Kenneth Thomas , whose badge , Wheelan told me , read " Chief BP Security . "
The cop stood by as Thomas interrogated Wheelan for 20 minutes , asking him who he worked with , who he answered to , what he was doing , why he was down here in Louisiana .
He phoned Wheelan 's information in to someone .
Wheelan says Thomas confiscated his Audubon volunteer badge ( he 'd recently attended an official Audubon / BP bird - helper volunteer training ) and then would n't give it back , which sounds like something only a bully in a bad movie would do .
Eventually , Thomas let Wheelan go .
" Then two unmarked security cars followed me , " Wheelan told me .
" Maybe I 'm paranoid , but I was specifically trying to figure out if they were following me , and every time I pulled over , they pulled over . "
This went on for 20 miles .
Supervision and community work was imposed on a Christchurch man who tried to get his partner locked up by forcing her to punch him in the face during a domestic dispute .
The woman foiled the plan by putting her own hand in the way to protect his face as he continued to punch himself while holding onto her hand .
Jordan Robert Leo Cairns , 19 , was sentenced in the Christchurch District Court yesterday to 15 months intensive supervision , 140 hours community work , and six months ' driving disqualification , after admitting charges of assaulting a woman and drink - driving .
Defence counsel Richard Maze said the assault had been an extreme over - reaction to a sensitive issue , Christchurch Court News website reported .
Cairns held his partner 's hand as he repeatedly made her punch him in the head , telling her he would get her locked up for assault .
He then grabbed her by the throat and strangled her until she dropped the car keys .
When she tried to stop him leaving , he kneed her in the abdomen three times .
After he drove away from their Bryndwr address , he was picked up for drink - driving .
Mr Maze said the pre-sentence report was favourable , the couple were back together , Cairns had done a Stopping Violence programme and had had drug and alcohol counselling .
Cairns was genuinely remorseful , and he had reacted in an immature way .
Judge Callaghan said it was a nasty assault , and it raised warning signs when a man started to strangle a woman .
He noted that Cairns had done some work on his problems and told him if it happened again he would be locked up .
Show full PR text
SMALL , GREEN , SMART AND FUN : FORD START CONCEPT A DESIGN INSPIRATION FOR THE MEGA CITY
BEIJING , April 23 , 2010 – For parts of the world that are growing increasingly urban , the future of the automobile looks small , green , smart and fun in the eyes of Ford designers who created the Ford Start Concept .
It 's a design vision inspired for the transportation needs of the world 's mega cities .
Making its global debut at the 2010 Beijing Auto Show , the Ford Start Concept is more than simply a design exploration into the feasibility of a small car .
It also demonstrates how Ford will extend the promise of its EcoBoost engine technology story even further – previewing a fuel - efficient petrol Ford EcoBoost engine with just three cylinders and 1.0 litre of displacement , yet the power of a larger , 1.6 - litre I4 engine .
Start Concept was inspired in part by a growing global trend toward mass urbanisation .
The world 's top 20 mega-cities are home to consumers whose needs , attitudes and expectations may have more in common with mega-city dwellers in other nations than with their own countrymen .
While these consumers share the challenges of living in an urban society , they also increasingly seek out product solutions that bring the best the world has to offer .
These insights inspired Ford designers to envision a future sporty , small - car package geared to their needs and urban mindset .
Today , more than 50 percent of the world 's population lives in an urban area .
By 2050 , that number is expected to skyrocket to more than 70 percent .
Already , congested highways , space for parking , concerns over fuel efficiency as well as the availability and price of fuel are driving automakers to look at vehicles and personal transportation more differently than ever before .
" Our ambition with the Ford Start Concept was to design a car that transcends the practical realities of commuting in these mega cities and goes beyond just dressing the technology .
We wanted to design a car you would also love , " explained Freeman Thomas , design director .
Living in the mega city poses unique challenges and inspires unique lifestyles and attitudes .
Just as traffic congestion issues are common in these geographic areas , the answers to solve the issues of a new generation of future small cars for these urban markets may also be found in the Ford Start Concept .
" The team has delivered a concept car which reflects a decidedly playful take on Ford kinetic design and builds on our fun - to - drive DNA , yet addresses real issues that everyone will be facing in the future of car design , " said Martin Smith , executive director , Ford Europe and Asia Pacific Design .
As Ford has found with its global ONE Ford strategy , what was once a regional or individual market issue , is now global .
Across the world , more consumers are confronting issues including " green " technology , more efficient use of available space , recycling and asking if big is necessarily better .
It 's an attitude that unites urbanites around the world .
Searching for efficient power , using lightweight materials that can be recycled and optimising interior space with a small exterior footprint are some of the challenges designers explored .
Could Ford deliver on these challenges , while also creating a concept that would enhance Ford 's fun - to - drive DNA ?
At the forefront , Ford has introduced some very real technology in the Start Concept to address fuel efficiency , reduce the use raw of materials and minimize carbon the footprint of a car .
Equipped with a powerful new Ford EcoBoost 1.0 - litre three - cylinder engine to maximise fuel efficiency and meet lower emission standards , Ford 's latest concept car includes technology that is class leading and will come into production in the near future .
With CO2 emissions of less that 100 g/ km , the petrol engine has power and drivability comparable to an I4 powerplant .
Ford Start Concept also introduces a MyFord Mobile Concept that pairs with a smart phone to allow occupants to perform a multitude of in - car functions , all wrapped in a Sub - B design concept that uses lightweight material and aerodynamics .
" It may be small with a minimal amount of features but we have n't ignored the basics like delivering more " traditional " driving characteristics including sporty handling , a simple analogue interface and an interior that is pure and authentic like early sport cars from the 1950s , " Thomas added .
Exterior design
" With the Ford Start Concept , we did n't set out to design some sort of utilitarian concept to save the world , nor were we interested in following the competitive trend toward an overly noisy design language .
What we did set out to do was design a personality driven car that exudes warmth , charm and aspiration ... to design a car worth bonding with , " said J Mays , group vice president Design and chief creative officer , Ford Motor Company .
Crisp highlights are incorporated into a smooth exterior shell constructed with lightweight composite body panels .
Ford 's trademark kinetic trapezoidal grill moves upward onto the rounded , sleek form , reducing the number of prominent openings from two to one and creating a face that 's both sporting and efficient .
The entire exterior surface of the Ford Start Concept has been designed with flush - mounted aerodynamic features designed to cheat the wind – providing a minimal amount of drag while achieving maximum fuel efficiency .
Efficiency also is evident in the teardrop silhouette and ground plan , in the full aerodynamic underbody and in the reduced cross sectional area .
Flush , stamped aluminium wheels and a subtle fin on the roof , which also houses the centre high mounted stop lamp , complete the aerodynamic detailing .
Slim , laser - cut LED headlamps provide high - intensity light through trapezoid tubes .
Two sets of running lamps , including a pair located in the headlamp design and a pair of lower running lamps , provide nighttime illumination .
The long , thin upper headlamps sweep from the centre of the fascia into the side of the fender .
" digital pulse " turn indicators are housed in the lower running lamp .
The innovative hybrid aluminium , high - strength steel body construction features a lightweight aluminium safety cell that provides a rigid attachment structure for the glass and roof , as well as housing side curtain air bags .
All exterior body panels are made from deformable , pre-coloured recyclable composites .
The roof appears separated by glass from the overall body and immediately evokes images of sleek , sporty hardtop designs while providing full panoramic visibility for the driver .
As an added feature , the composite roof panel also is designed to snap fit on the vehicle and could easily be removed and exchanged by the owner as a customised accessory .
All glass is flush mounted for minimal wind resistance , trimmed tightly with brushed steel to accentuate the crisp lines included in the form of the greenhouse .
Visibility and driver safety are optimised by recessed B - pillars and see - through C - pillars , plus a wraparound rear window allowing for a 180 - degree view .
Like the front fenders , rear quarter panels have a minimal amount of overhang with just 629 millimetres from the rear wheel centre to rear bumper .
Rear wheel arches are pronounced and contribute to the overall solid stance of the Ford Start Concept from every angle .
Mirroring the laser - cut front lamp treatment , the LED tail lamps sweep into the decklid and are depressed into a pocket that cuts into the body surface .
Included in the rear lamps are integral turn signals with a sequential feature that moves outward from the centre of the lamps when the indicator is applied , providing a sweeping effect .
The rear of the Ford Start Concept is equipped with a traditional boot .
The backlight is fixed .
A centre - mounted , cast aluminium tip is fitted to the exhaust pipe to provide a finishing touch .
The flush , aerodynamic wheels designed for the Ford Start Concept are pressed aluminium measuring 17 - by - 6.5 inches , fitted with exclusively designed Michelin Green X 205/45R17 tyres .
A unique tread design combines to minimise noise , vibration and harshness ( NVH ) while providing reduced rolling resistance for better fuel efficiency .
To help minimise the aerodynamic inefficiencies found in various pockets and intrusions under the car , the Ford Start Concept is fitted with a full underbody belly pan .
The one - piece pan provides an effective solution to reducing drag from air flow passing under the vehicle .
Coarse road noise also is dampened .
The concept is based upon a chassis with a wheelbase that is 2300 millimetres and an overall length under 3700 millimetres .
The width is 1672 millimetres with height at approximately 1400 millimetres .
Interior design
The minimalist approach extends into the interior of Ford Start Concept with a simplistic , twin cockpit , " tub " design that provides seating for up to four occupants .
The tub interior provides a unique appearance , higher quality and reduced cost through its simplified , one piece construction .
The instrument panel includes a pod -type cluster that easily converts to both left - and right - hand drive versions .
The sweeping instrument panel and console are constructed with a single modular trim piece that starts at the base of the windshield and flows through the bottom of the centre console .
The five - speed manual transmission shift lever is centrally located up high in the console .
Window switches and the push button start feature are located in the centre console and provide easy accessibility for either right - or left - hand drivers .
Seats , while simple , have been ergonomically designed to provide maximum comfort , personal flexibility and easy access to the rear .
A mono-rail seat pedestal allows fore and aft movement and allows for access to the rear seats .
Constructed with a composite shell to reduce weight , moulded seat inserts are designed to snap into the seat shell and are interchangeable to suit driver preference .
The rear seating area also is constructed with a one piece mould and includes a removable seat insert .
Moulded rubber is used on the floor , consistent with the simplified approach to the interior .
The mat is durable and can be cleaned easily .
Rails and pillars throughout the interior are constructed of aluminium and fitted with side curtain airbags .
HMI – Human Machine Interface
Located at the top of the console is a port to connect to the MyFord Mobile concept technology , which provides a seamless driver interface conducive to safe driving practices with personal handheld devices .
Without a smart phone , car - related functions including heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( HVAC ) , engine diagnostics and passenger airbag on / off function can be easily viewed and adjusted while driving through either voice activation or toggle and scroll controls located on the console .
A wide , six - inch screen provides visuals .
As an added feature , when the driver inserts a smart phone in the docking station when the vehicle is in motion , access is available via the MyFord Mobile Concept to phone contacts and navigation tools through voice activation , as are all messaging , direction and communication features .
If the smart phone device is docked and the vehicle is parked and powered off , both the vehicle functions and icons from the user 's device are available via the MyFord Mobile Concept .
Icons are displayed on the large screen through Bluetooth transfer .
Car functions and the speaker system also are controlled through voice activation .
MyFord Mobile Concept restricts certain functions , such as texting , while driving .
To help owners keep up with the latest trends and developments in personal electronics , the MyFord Mobile Concept is intended to be flexible , and can be adapted to suit changing mobile phone technology or driver preferences .
Powertrain
Ford Start is equipped with Ford EcoBoost engine technology to maximise power and fuel efficiency from a future production 1.0 - litre , three - cylinder engine .
Consistent with Ford 's long - range goals to provide more power though sophisticated turbocharging and spark - ignited , direct - injection fuel management systems , the petrol 1.0 - litre Ford EcoBoost engine delivers power and torque comparable to a normally aspirated 1.6 - litre I4 powerplant .
It is expected to have CO2 emissions under the 100 g/ km threshold .
This engine is coupled with a five - speed manual transmission which permits gear spacing to deliver performance without sacrificing fuel economy .
The transmission easily handles the higher torque levels of the 1.0 - litre Ford EcoBoost engine and together with the sporty handling of the Ford Start Concept , delivers the fun - to - drive characteristics that are at the core of the Ford brand DNA .
Created by a global team of designers working at Ford 's Irvine ( Calif . )
Strategic Concepts Group Studios , this sporty , futuristic concept combines near - production Ford EcoBoost engine technology and slick aerodynamics in an environmentally friendly package with reduced greenhouse emissions , all wrapped in an exciting design .
" As a pure , bespoke concept , the Ford Start is n't destined for production , but of course we 're very interested in hearing how customers in urban growth markets react to its design and features , " Thomas said .
FORD START CONCEPT EXPLORES ENDEARING SIMPLICITY
Ford Start Concept is an exploration into a simple , personality driven car for urban markets .
Its aspirational design has an endearing quality and feel capturing the spirit of an earlier generation of sports cars .
Start Concept builds on Ford 's Drive ONE strategy pillars of Drive Smart , Drive Quality , Drive Safe , Drive Green .
The Ford Start Concept 's 1.0 - litre , three - cylinder EcoBoost engine reflects Ford 's strategy of addressing sustainability in a way that is accessible to a larger audience of car buyers .
BEIJING , China , April 23 , 2010 – Just how far can you take the basic idea of transportation and simplicity and still deliver an aspirational automobile designed for urban transportation in emerging markets ?
For the global design team at the Ford Strategic Concepts Group in Irvine , Calif. , it began with taking a step back , reflecting on the complexity and noise in the world around us .
" In an era of constant visual noise , we have created a car that conveys visual purity and harmony , in which every line has meaning and purpose .
The Ford Start delivers a dynamic , personality driven design that stays true to the global Ford brand , " said J Mays , group vice president , Design , and chief creative officer .
The Ford Start Concept showcases a future 1.0 - litre EcoBoost three - cylinder petrol engine which reinforces Ford 's ' fun to drive ' DNA .
This engine will provide the power and drivability comparable to a larger I4 engine while delivering a CO2 rating under 100 g/ km .
This smallest - yet EcoBoost engine will go into production in the near future .
The overall design philosophy for the Ford Start Concept was one of making music , not noise .
It started with studying the key attributes that contribute to an endearing quality which modern small cars rarely deliver .
The design team brought some inspirational vehicles into the studio to study the attributes that draw people to them , including an original
With early sports cars and transportation in general , simplicity and purpose often was the key .
Proportions , stance , silhouette , efficiency and a singular focus on what is really necessary for the driver were priorities – without sacrificing the fun and freedom that driving brought .
" The concept of simplicity can be found all around us , " Mays explains .
" Endearing designs in architecture , home furnishings , appliances , transportation , or even a good screenplay are often similar in one respect – simplicity .
Our vision was to look at a small car holistically , like slicing through an onion where every layer gave meaning , function , and substance to the next .
As in nature , taking this approach creates beautiful , endearing objects . "
" As a team , we engaged in a philosophical discussion that yielded a common vision .
To create a beautiful object that spoke to us emotionally as well as intellectually " , explains Freeman Thomas , design director .
" The exterior design is simple with purposeful proportions and refined surface language normally found on vehicles in premium segments . "
The design team went through a variety of emotional iterations of front end designs to find the right balance and expression .
The team 's objective with the Ford Start Concept was to step back and ask what is really necessary .
The result is that there is not a line the design team would wish to add or take away .
The vehicle 's sculptural exterior takes into consideration efficient aerodynamics , from the front fascia , to the flush upper body design elements , and full underbody tray .
Exterior design elements were deliberately kept simple , functional , and consistent .
The cars minimalistic approach extends through all of the design details around the car .
The interior compliments the direction of the exterior .
It has been designed to be pure , tactile analog experience .
The Start Concept interior was designed to evoke passion and driving excitement with the feeling one would expect from a more premium segment .
" The cockpit is about being the right size with everything you need in the right place , '' Mays emphasizes .
" We concentrated on providing only the information the driver really finds necessary .
Great visibility was a major priority as well as driver control and passenger safety and space . "
An additional feature of the interior is " MyFord Mobile Concept , " a conceptual look into how to leverage smart phone interface with the popularity of personalized " apps " .
While the construction is simple and the number of parts was reduced , the execution of the front bucket seats results in a design that is not only form fitting but communicates an upscale , premium look .
By integrating an ergonomically correct comfort curve and the optimal driving position , the seats were able to be thin and comfortable .
With snap - fitting inserts , the seat material and color allows for easy customization by the owner .
The direction was to add to the purity and philosophy of the rest of the car by creating signature seating and headliner treatments that are unique .
That uniqueness and purity extends to every area of the Ford Start Concept .
The Ford Start Concept also offers a personal trunk compartment .
The trunk saves weight , gives more room to the rear passengers and provides a secure place for possessions .
Beyond basic transportation however , the Ford Start Concept is a case study and offers a glimpse into what is possible .
The innovative
All exterior body panels are made from deformable , pre-colored recyclable composites .
Natural sisal fiber is used to form the interior panels .
The pressed aluminum wheels are mated with
The holistic design approach – considering advances in the drivetrain , materials , and clever construction – demonstrates that a weight savings of 140 kilogrammes is possible .
" Start may be an advanced concept , but with its EcoBoost engine and strategic use of materials , it still delivers the fun we had driving our very first cars , " says Thomas .
" The Ford Start Concept is the first pure concept we 've developed under our ' One Ford ' approach , " says Moray Callum , executive director , Americas Design .
" J Mays , Martin Smith and I worked with Freeman and his team to deliver a concept that visually reinforces the fun to drive element that is at the core of the Ford brand DNA . "
FORD START CONCEPT PREVIEWS EXPANDING ECOBOOST RANGE WITH ALL - NEW , THREE - CYLINDER 1.0-LITRE ENGINE
The Ford Start Concept 's 1.0 - litre , three - cylinder EcoBoost engine reflects Ford 's strategy of addressing sustainability in a way that is accessible to a larger audience of car buyers .
BEIJING , China , April 23 , 2010 – Just how far can you take the basic idea of transportation and simplicity and still deliver an aspirational automobile designed for urban transportation in emerging markets ?
For the global design team at the Ford Strategic Concepts Group in Irvine , Calif. , it began with taking a step back , reflecting on the complexity and noise in the world around us .
" In an era of constant visual noise , we have created a car that conveys visual purity and harmony , in which every line has meaning and purpose .
The Ford Start delivers a dynamic , personality driven design that stays true to the global Ford brand , " said J Mays , group vice president , Design , and chief creative officer .
The Ford Start Concept showcases a future 1.0 - litre EcoBoost three - cylinder petrol engine which reinforces Ford 's ' fun to drive ' DNA .
This engine will provide the power and drivability comparable to a larger I4 engine while delivering a CO2 rating under 100 g/ km .
This smallest - yet EcoBoost engine will go into production in the near future .
The overall design philosophy for the Ford Start Concept was one of making music , not noise .
It started with studying the key attributes that contribute to an endearing quality which modern small cars rarely deliver .
The design team brought some inspirational vehicles into the studio to study the attributes that draw people to them , including an original Porsche 356 Speedster and an Alfa Romeo Zagato SZ .
With early sports cars and transportation in general , simplicity and purpose often was the key .
Proportions , stance , silhouette , efficiency and a singular focus on what is really necessary for the driver were priorities – without sacrificing the fun and freedom that driving brought .
"
The concept of simplicity can be found all around us , " Mays explains .
" Endearing designs in architecture , home furnishings , appliances , transportation , or even a good screenplay are often similar in one respect – simplicity .
Our vision was to look at a small car holistically , like slicing through an onion where every layer gave meaning , function , and substance to the next .
As in nature , taking this approach creates beautiful , endearing objects . "
" As a team , we engaged in a philosophical discussion that yielded a common vision .
To create a beautiful object that spoke to us emotionally as well as intellectually " , explains Freeman Thomas , design director .
" The exterior design is simple with purposeful proportions and refined surface language normally found on vehicles in premium segments .
" The design team went through a variety of emotional iterations of front end designs to find the right balance and expression .
The team 's objective with the Ford Start Concept was to step back and ask what is really necessary .
The result is that there is not a line the design team would wish to add or take away .
The vehicle 's sculptural exterior takes into consideration efficient aerodynamics , from the front fascia , to the flush upper body design elements , and full underbody tray .
Exterior design elements were deliberately kept simple , functional , and consistent .
The cars minimalistic approach extends through all of the design details around the car .
The interior compliments the direction of the exterior .
It has been designed to be pure , tactile analog experience .
The Start Concept interior was designed to evoke passion and driving excitement with the feeling one would expect from a more premium segment .
"
The cockpit is about being the right size with everything you need in the right place , '' Mays emphasizes .
" We concentrated on providing only the information the driver really finds necessary .
Great visibility was a major priority as well as driver control and passenger safety and space .
" An additional feature of the interior is " MyFord Mobile Concept , " a conceptual look into how to leverage smart phone interface with the popularity of personalized " apps " .
While the construction is simple and the number of parts was reduced , the execution of the front bucket seats results in a design that is not only form fitting but communicates an upscale , premium look .
By integrating an ergonomically correct comfort curve and the optimal driving position , the seats were able to be thin and comfortable .
With snap - fitting inserts , the seat material and color allows for easy customization by the owner .
The direction was to add to the purity and philosophy of the rest of the car by creating signature seating and headliner treatments that are unique .
That uniqueness and purity extends to every area of the Ford Start Concept .
The Ford Start Concept also offers a personal trunk compartment .
The trunk saves weight , gives more room to the rear passengers and provides a secure place for possessions .
Beyond basic transportation however , the Ford Start Concept is a case study and offers a glimpse into what is possible .
The innovative hybrid aluminum / high strength steel body construction features a lightweight aluminum safety cell , which provides a rigid structure for the glass and roof to attach and houses side curtain airbags for additional occupant safety .
All exterior body panels are made from deformable , pre-colored recyclable composites .
Natural sisal fiber is used to form the interior panels .
The pressed aluminum wheels are mated with Michelin Green X tires featuring low rolling resistance and lightweight construction .
The holistic design approach – considering advances in the drivetrain , materials , and clever construction – demonstrates that a weight savings of 140 kilogrammes is possible .
" Start may be an advanced concept , but with its EcoBoost engine and strategic use of materials , it still delivers the fun we had driving our very first cars , " says Thomas .
" The Ford Start Concept is the first pure concept we 've developed under our ' One Ford ' approach , " says Moray Callum , executive director , Americas Design .
" J Mays , Martin Smith and I worked with Freeman and his team to deliver a concept that visually reinforces the fun to drive element that is at the core of the Ford brand DNA . "
New three - cylinder Ford EcoBoost petrol engine supports the company 's future philosophy of more power for less fuel
1.0 - litre Ford EcoBoost I3 will deliver comparable power and torque to a larger I4 engine combined with exceptional fuel economy for a petrol engine
Anticipated CO2 emissions to be less than 100g/km
Latest addition to the advanced Ford EcoBoost engine family will bring affordable and powerful technology to a mainstream vehicle lineup
You will also need this :
Known issue :
Welcome !
PerfectWorldDF is a graphical world designing tool for Dwarf Fortress .
It allows you to modify your world_gen .
txt file in a way that gives you a great deal of control of how worlds are generated .
Normally , in order to generate an acceptable fantasy world , Dwarf Fortress generates maps randomly and rejects maps that dont fulfill certain criteria specified in the world_gen .
txt file .
Using PerfectWorldDF , you can directly control much of this process and decide for yourself if this is the world you want to play with .
There is an html manual incuded in the file to help get you started .
Any of you who frequent Civfanatics.com might have seen my map scripts for Civilization IV , Civilization IV : Colonization and some of the various mods like Fall from Heaven 2 .
I had a lot of technology sitting around , and as a huge Dwarf Fortress fan I decided to put some of it to use here as an expression of my fandom .
The world_gen . txt file thankfully exposes direct map data that can be manipulated by an external map generator , and this allows a great deal of flexibility for map generation .
Once you have something in PW that you like , you can export the map to the world_gen .
txt file , start up Dwarf Fortress and watch your world come to life !
Personally , I have had a lot of fun just generating maps and reading the legends and watching empires rise and fall during the world gen process .
It s another way to enjoy Dwarf Fortress .
Download here .
Put this file in the same directory with PerfectWorldDF .
Using PerfectWorldDF to generate DF 's temperature maps is a bit mysterious .
Setting the ' Poles ' parameter to ' None ' causes many biomes to not be created .
It might be better for now to use DF 's default temperature map generation .
Here are the screenshots :
Here is a diverse bunch of small worlds ( 65x65 ) I generated .
Here is a map with some of the new features from v1.1 .
This is the River Hungertribes the Cakes of Time uh ...
Valley .
Note :
This is a Windows Forms application and as such requires the Microsoft .NET framework version 4.0 to be installed on the machine .
For Linux and Mac users addictgamer has come to the rescue with the following link for running .NET apps on Linux .
I can't give alot of support on this however since I know absolutely nothing about either of those platforms .
If you find any bugs please report them on this thread so I can fix them in the next release .
Version History : 1.9 - Fixed the lack of a scroll bar on the temperature map tab .
1.8 - Finally added the temperature map !
Thanks to ToadyOne for giving us the option to control the poles !
1.7 - Now supports text based world gen tags .
Increased the precision of the volcano slider to allow for easier placement of volcanoes on the volcanism map .
1.6 - Fixed a bug with the XML error checker so that badly formed XML wo n't just crash without a detailed message .
1.5 - Created an XML scheme so that users can add any worldgen tags that come up in future releases of DF .
1.4 - Cleaned up the disaster that was 1.3 by merging features from 1.2 and 1.3 .
Tweaked the colors on the ' zero volcanism ' setting to make it more obvious .
1.3 - Added some new world gen parameters that were created in 31.14 .
Improved the feedback on the world gen export functions .
I also undid my changes from 1.2 accidently , so get ready for 1.4.1.2 - Added a slider for the level of zero volcanism .
Improved mountain borders .
1.1 - Added the ability to import greyscale bitmaps to the elevation map .
Added a third state to the coast buttons that will create a mountain border .
Added support for non-square maps .
Added the ability to click and drag any noisemap to adjust the position of it 's features .
1.0 - Fixed a crash on the Biome screen .
Fixed scrollbars for users with small screens .
Fixed spelling of ' orographic ' in world_gen export .
Fixed export of CAVERN_LAYER_OPENESS_MAX tag .
Fixed previous angle box setting not being restored .0.99 - first launch !
Oh no !
It will be terrible and everyone will hate me !
Spoiler Alert !
I 've found plenty of unique ways to die in the Super Mario Bros. games over the years , but this latest discovery is a new standard even for me .
The end credits of Super Mario Galaxy 2 have something special going for them in that they 're actually playable .
It 's possible to control Mario as the developer names tick by , allowing everyone 's favorite plumber to explore small environments based on levels from the game .
Go above and beyond to collect 120 Power Stars , however , and a Bee Mushroom power - up will appear in one of the playable scenes .
Using that gift of flight granted by the bees to leave the area causes an instant unprovoked mysterious death .
Yes , it 's possible to die during the end credits of Super Mario Galaxy 2 .
MAST3RLINKX brings the proof in this YouTube video .
Watch for the bizarre combination of " TOO BAD ! " and " THE END " messages .
Between this and other loopholes / glitches such as Yoshi's infinite flutter jump and using that trick to fight Bowser with Yoshi , I 'm starting to wonder just how many little things went unchecked towards the end of development .
You really have to go above and beyond to find some of these issues , and I 'm having trouble deciding if they 're fun exploits left in the game for the adventurous to discover or legitimate oversights that just were n't caught .
It 's probably a little of each .
Release : Sanders Bill Restores Estate Tax on Billionaires
WASHINGTON , June 24 – Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I - Vt. ) today introduced legislation ( S.3533 ) to restore the estate tax on the wealthiest Americans .
The proposal would bring in at least $ 319 billion over a decade to help lower the national debt .
“ This legislation would ensure that the wealthiest Americans in our country , millionaires and billionaires , pay their fair share while exempting 99.7 percent of Americans from paying any estate tax whatsoever , ” Sanders said .
The estate tax was abolished this year as a result of tax law changes signed into law by President George W. Bush in 2001 .
For the first time since 1916 , heirs to multi-million and billion dollar fortunes may receive their entire inheritance free of any federal taxes , a giveaway that will cost the U.S. treasury at least $ 14.8 billion in lost revenue this year alone .
“ At a time when we have a record - breaking $ 13 trillion national debt and a growing gap between the very rich and everyone else , people who inherit multi-million and billion dollar estates must not be allowed to avoid paying their fair share in estate taxes , ” Sanders said .
Sanders has made deficit reduction a priority , proposing legislation in the last month alone to repeal more than $ 35 billion in oil company tax breaks and commissioning Government Accountability Office studies spotlighting more than $ 20 billion in Pentagon waste on unneeded spare parts .
“ I get a little bit tired of being lectured by Republicans for the deficit we are in , ” Sanders said , noting that Bush - era Republicans funded but failed to pay for wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ; tax breaks for the wealthy ; a prescription drug bill written by the pharmaceutical industry ; and a $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout .
Sanders estate tax legislation is cosponsored by Sens. Tom Harkin ( D - Iowa ) , Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - R.I. ) , and Sherrod Brown ( D - Ohio ) .
The bill would :
• Exempt the first $ 3.5 million of an estate from federal taxation ( $ 7 million for couples ) , the same exemption that existed in 2009 .
That would leave 99.75 percent of all estates exempt from the federal estate tax next year .
• Create a progressive rate so the super wealthy pay more .
The tax rate for estates valued between $ 3.5 million and $ 10 million would be 45 percent , the same as the 2009 level .
The rate on estates worth more than $ 10 million and below $ 50 million would be 50 percent , and the rate on estates worth more than $ 50 million would be 55 percent .
• Include a billionaire 's surtax of 10 percent .
According to Forbes Magazine , there are only 403 billionaires in the United States with a collective net worth of $ 1.3 trillion .
Clearly , the heirs to these multi-billion fortunes should be paying a higher estate tax rate than others .
• Close estate and gift tax loopholes as President Obama proposed in his budget for next year .
The White House estimated that closing the loopholes would generate at least $ 23.7 billion in revenue over 10 years .
• Protect family farmers by allowing them to lower the value of their farmland by up to $ 3 million for estate tax purposes .
The bill also would increase the maximum exclusion for conservation easements to $ 2 million .
The non-partisan Tax Policy Center has estimated that only 80 small businesses and farm estates throughout the country paid an estate tax in 2009 , affecting only three out of every 100,000 people who passed away .
To watch the senator speak on the Senate floor about the estate tax , click here .
Former Norwalk police lieutenant pleads guilty in long - running sex case
Former Norwalk police lieutenant Thomas Cummings arrives at Superior Court in Stamford , on Thursday , Feb. 14 , 2008 .
Cummings took a plea deal on the eve of his trial Wednesday .
Former Norwalk police lieutenant Thomas Cummings arrives at Superior Court in Stamford , on Thursday , Feb. 14 , 2008 .
Cummings took a plea deal on the eve of his trial Wednesday .
Photo : File Photo Photo : File Photo Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Former Norwalk police lieutenant pleads guilty in long - running sex case 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
STAMFORD --
After two witnesses in the sex assault case against former Norwalk police Lt. Thomas Cummings decided they could not testify and the state 's case fell apart , Cummings pleaded guilty Wednesday to three misdemeanor charges .
He pleaded guilty before Judge Gary White at state Superior Court in Stamford to first - degree reckless endangerment , interfering with an officer and coercion ; he is to be sentenced to serve 30 days in jail when he returns to court Sept.
3 .
Cummings , who had been facing 12 sexual assault and risk of injury charges that could have put him in jail for up to 165 years , made the pleas about a half - hour after nine jurors in the case were excused late Wednesday morning .
Cummings will receive a suspended three - year sentence and three years of probation , White said .
The pleas were made under the Alford Doctrine , meaning a defendant does not agree with the state 's facts , but realizes there may be enough evidence for a guilty verdict .
A two - week trial was to begin Tuesday , but with the witnesses going " sideways , " the trial was postponed for a day , the prosecutor , Senior Assistant State 's Attorney Richard Colangelo , said .
Cummings , who remained stoic through the court hearing , declined comment through his defense attorney , Robert Frost .
Frost said Cummings will make a statement when he is sentenced .
Carl Kleeberg , who has been married to Cummings since Connecticut civil unions became legal in October 2005 , was in court to support his husband .
After being charged with the crimes in late January 2008 , Cummings , who when the investigation against him began was commanding the detective bureau and had been considered for a deputy chief 's job , resigned after 24 years in uniform .
Although he acknowledged the abrupt turnaround in the 32 - month old case was " shocking , " Colangelo said he was not disappointed with the plea agreement .
" I think the disposition we arrived at is appropriate , " he said .
" Mr. Cummings ' convictions cover his conduct during the time period . "
In court Colangelo explained one witnesses set to take the stand against Cummings realized his recollection that he was 15 when the two allegedly had sex in early 2003 was a mistake .
Colangelo said the youth , now 21 , believes at this point that the incidents happened in 2004 when he was 16 .
Colangelo said that in 2004 , despite his being 43 at the time , Cummings would not have been guilty of a crime for having consensual sex with a 16 - year - old .
During an interview after the hearing , Colangelo and Assistant State 's Attorney Michelle Bredefeld , who was assisting Colangelo with the case , said the witness said on Monday he was mistaken about his age .
For two years , the defense questioned whether the youth was 15 or 16 at the time .
In court motions , Frost and senior defense attorney Jacob Zeldes questioned why , in the youth 's original statement to police detailing the allegations , the year the incidents occurred was changed from 2004 to 2003 .
Investigators explained at the time the youth made a mistake when he said the incidents happened in 2004 and , with his permission , they changed the date of the allegations to 2003 -- when the boy was 15 .
Zeldes and Frost also charged the investigators in the case , former Norwalk police officers Gary Mecozzi and Phil O'Grady , had it in for Cummings and rushed to judgement by depriving him of a fair and impartial investigation .
In court , Colangelo also said a second witness who told investigators he had sex with Cummings at his Norwalk condominium when he was 15 was " psychologically unable to continue with prosecution . "
Colangelo later explained the youth , now 21 , was concerned about how the testimony would affect his family .
" Attorney Bredefeld and I spent hours with the victim and his family and his mental well - being is my number one concern , " Colangelo said .
Norwalk Police Chief Harry Rilling said he expected Cummings would have received a larger punishment when he was arrested more than two years ago .
" I am extremely , extremely disappointed , because Cummings ' actions were so embarrassing to our department , " Rilling said .
" After speaking with the prosecutor , I understand to a greater degree the reasons behind the plea deal , but I still cannot say that I am pleased .
" I just think that Cummings tarnished his badge so badly and people expected that he would be held to a higher degree of accountability and so I am just extremely disappointed .
He is no longer a police officer and I am glad the whole thing is over .
I wish it had a different outcome . "
Former Norwalk Police Capt .
John " Jack " Suchy , who calls Cummings his best friend , was also at Wednesday 's court hearing .
" For those who know Tom Cummings , no explanation is necessary .
For those who do n't know Tom Cummings no explanation would suffice , " Suchy said later that afternoon .
In court , Frost said Cummings suffers from post - traumatic stress disorder and that he will continue to see a counselor weekly for substance and alcohol abuse , as well as a sex addiction .
State Department of Corrections spokesperson Brian Garnett said he cannot determine whether Cummings will spend the entire 30 days in jail .
Garnett also said he could not be sure if Cummings , because he is a former police officer , will be placed in protective custody at whatever jail he is going to .
Madame Non and Monsieur Duracell German - French Relations
On the Rocks
For decades , the German - French relationship has been the most important one in the European Union .
These days , however , Chancellor Angela Merkel and President Nicolas Sarkozy can hardly stand each other .
Why can't they just get along ?
Kate Beaton
Thing to bring to your attention today :
My studiomate here in Halifax ,
And remember , on June 4/5/6 I will be in Charlotte , NC , for
Another batch of little comics !
That is today 's update .
Thing to bring to your attention today :
My studiomate here in Halifax , Mike Holmes , does some pretty sweet comics and illustration .
One of the series he does is True Story , in which he takes stories people send in and makes comics out of them .
So I thought you should check that out !
Maybe you have a comic worthy story to send in .
You probably do .
In case you do , this is his email And remember , on June 4/5/6 I will be in Charlotte , NC , for Heroes Con .
This poster and shirt will be available there !
If there are extras , I can sell them here online , later .
Store !
1 of 2 2 of 2
On June 22 , Vancouver photographer Kris Krug finished up a week - long shoot in the Gulf of Mexico .
He could n’t believe what he saw .
“ As soon as you get out there , it fucking punches you in the gut , ” Krug told the Straight .
“ Unless you are out there near the source , up in the air , it is hard to really imagine the scope [ of the BP oil spill ] .
It is from horizon to horizon and way , way beyond . ”
On April 20 , an explosion at a deepwater oil rig operated by BP resulted in a leak at the source of the well , 1,500 metres below sea level .
Since then , as much as 60,000 barrels of crude oil has leaked into the Gulf of Mexico every day .
Speaking from Washington D.C. , Krug told stories of shores , marshes , and grasslands , all overrun by oil .
“ It looks likes dirty dishwater in some places , with that rainbow , reflective sheen , ” Krug recalled .
“ It looks like sewage sludge in others , where rusty - coloured orange and brown and black sludge is bubbling up from the bottom . ”
Krug was in the Gulf as part of the TEDxOilSpill Expedition , a project that aimed to collect first - hand information for presentation at a conference scheduled for June 28 in Washington D.C.
He was also taking photographs for National Geographic .
Krug talked at length about BP ’s efforts to minimize media coverage of the spill and the troubles his team had accessing affected areas .
He described several “ control mechanisms ” that BP is allegedly using to stifle the flow of information .
For example , Krug said that he found that virtually every sea plane company in the Gulf has had every bookable hour bought up by BP .
Many people who have lost their jobs as a result of the spill have since been hired by BP or an affiliated contractor to help with the cleanup , and have been given orders not to talk to anybody in the media .
BP has established clean up control centres on stretches of shore badly affected by the spill , which is allowing the corporation to limit access to those areas , Krug continued .
And a temporary flight restriction zone has been established over the source of the spill , which requires military authorization before entry .
“ Every time we showed up anywhere , we were approached by guys in badges , asking us who were , what we were doing , and telling us to not cross this line or that line , ” Krug added .
He said that the experience affected his opinions on energy .
“ Before I went , all I really had is a gut feel about this kind of stuff , ” he explained .
“ What I ’ve learned since I ’ve been here is this : we do n’t currently possess the technology to clean up our own messes .
And until we do , I do n’t want this around me . ”
enlarge A boat that was once white .
Kris Krug photo .
You can follow Travis Lupick on Twitter at twitter.com / tlupick .
* Home resales in May fall to 37,576
* Average price up 8.5 pct to C$ 346,881
TORONTO , June 16 ( Reuters ) - Sales of existing homes in Canada in May fell 9.5 percent from the previous month , the Canadian Real Estate Association said on Wednesday .
The industry group said a total of 37,576 homes changed hands in May , down 9.5 percent from April and down 2.8 percent from the same month last year .
CREA said the national average price in May rose 8.5 percent from a year earlier to C$ 346,881 ( $ 336,778 ) .
The number of new listings dipped 4 percent from the previous month .
( $ 1= $ 1.03 Canadian )
UPDATE by Giles Ji Ungpakorn
January 18 , 2011 --
After struggling to read my book for more than a year , the Thai police have finally banned Thailand 's Crisis and the fight for Democracy .
No one is allowed to import it .
But I have nearly sold out !
What is even more amusing is that there is a Thai version which is available on the internet to download for free .
Anyone who wants a copy of the Thai version can just e-mail me at ji.ungpakorn@gmail.com , or read or download at http://links.org.au/node/2105.
You can also read excerpt's from Thailand 's Crisis and the fight for Democracy at http://links.org.au/node/1792
( " Behind Bangkok 's war in southern Thailand " ) and http://links.org.au/node/1754
( " Class and Politics in Thailand ) .
* * *
June 11 , 2010 -- Associate Professor Giles Ji Ungpakorn ( pictured above ) is a political commentator and dissident from Thailand .
In February 2009 he had to leave Thailand for exile in Britain because he was charged with lèse majesté for writing a book criticising the 2006 military coup .
His latest book will be of interest to activists , academics and journalists who have an interest in Thai politics , democratisation and NGOs .
Thailand ’s Crisis and the Fight for Democracy is Giles Ji Ungpakorn ’s latest work concerning the on - going political crisis that has engulfed Thailand since the coup of 2006 .
The book analyses the nature of the deep political divisions between the pro-democracy “ Red Shirts ” and the royalist Peoples Alliance for Democracy “ Yellow Shirts ” , starting from the creation of the PAD , through the 2006 coup and up to the end of 2009 .
It argues against the idea that former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra was somehow anti-monarchy and that this was the root cause of the 2006 coup .
In trying to understand the political crisis , it must be seen in its entirety , including elite divisions and disputes , but also the roles of civil society activists and the constantly developing social movements which are made up of ordinary people .
The first chapter argues that Thaksin ’s pro-poor policies and repeated election victories threatened the entrenched interests of the conservative ruling elites , including the military , the civilian bureaucracy and the political establishment .
Although Thaksin was no socialist and had no plan to build his political party into an activist movement , his overthrow by the military in 2006 sparked the building of a self - organised Red Shirt mass movement .
To some extent this movement has moved beyond Thaksin ’s control , some sections becoming radical and republican .
The second chapter deals with the politics of the people 's movement and analyses how major sections of this movement , which include the NGOs , came to side with the royalist authoritarians against the majority of the poor and the democratic system as a whole .
It questions mainstream democratisation theory and critiques previous views about NGOs in the light of Thai events .
This chapter discusses the extreme right - wing PAD movement which closed the international airports in late 2008 .
There is also a discussion of the labour movement .
The third chapter discusses the difficult issue of the Thai monarchy .
Unlike most academic commentators , Giles Ji Ungpakorn argues that the king is weak and lacking in character .
His key role is the ideological justification for elite rule .
He symbolises the “ legitimacy ” of coups and anti-democratic actions , especially those carried out by the military .
The 2006 coup and the king ’s old age and ill health have resulted in a crisis for the royalists .
There is a growing republican movement in Thailand today .
The chapter also discusses the lèse majesté law which the elites use against their political opponents .
The fourth chapter gives an historical background to Thai politics from the pre-capitalist era , through the turmoil of the 1930s and 1970s , up to the present day .
This historical understanding is important in locating the dynamics of the ruling class and the changing politics of revolt from the time of the Communist Party through to the creation of the NGOs .
The civil war in the Muslim Malay south is discussed in chapter 5 .
Giles Ji Ungpakorn shows that the fundamental issue is Thai state repression and until this is dealt with politically , there can be no long - term peace .
Yet mainstream policy in Thailand is still aimed at a military solution .
The final chapter deals with personal political experiences and memories of his father , Dr Puey Ungpakorn .
This chapter has the English version of the " Red Siam Manifesto " , which was issued immediately after leaving Thailand in February 2009 .
It also contains an appendix with the eight paragraphs from Giles Ji Ungpakorn ’s previous book , A Coup for the Rich , which the Thai police deemed to be lèse majesté .
The analysis in this book is unique and is not covered by mainstream books on Thai politics .
Thailand ’s Crisis and the Fight for Democracy Chapter 1 : Red Shirts vs Yellow Shirts Chapter 2 : The PAD , NGOs and the Peoples ’ Movement Chapter 3 : The Crisis for the Monarchy Chapter 4 : Historical changes in Thailand Chapter 5 : The Civil War in the South Chapter 6 : A Personal Note
To order a copy : email the author directly at ji.ungpakorn@gmail.com , indicating your country of residence .
Alternatively , you can try :
Amazon UK
Bookmarks UK at http://www.bookmarksbookshop.co.uk/cgi/store/bookmark.cgi
New Internationalist Bookshop , Melbourne , Australia at http://www.newinternationalbookshop.org.au/.
The New Internationalist Bookshop will stock the book from August 2010 .
For articles by ( or about ) Giles Ji Ungpakorn published by Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal , click HERE .
If you are anything like me , you love infographics because they make lots of information extremely easy to read and digest .
So when the team at Term Life Insurance came to me with the opportunity to work with them on a marijuana infographic I HAD to take the opportunity .
So after lots of research and blunts smoked , here is an awesome marijuana infographic that shows some facts about marijuana that you probably did n’t know yet .
I even learned a thing or two , this plant is even more amazing than I thought .
Enjoy .
Everything you need to know about weed
WORLD CUP 2010 : England v USA ref Carlos Eugenio Simon had six - week ' corruption ' ban
The Brazilian referee chosen to take charge of England 's World Cup opener against the USA on Saturday was banned for six weeks last year amid accusations of incompetence and corruption .
Controversial choice : Brazil 's Carlos Simon will ref England 's opener against USA
Carlos Eugenio Simon was suspended by his national federation for ' a repetition of mistakes ' but far more serious accusations were levelled at him after he disallowed a perfectly good goal for Palmeiras against Fluminense .
Luiz Gonzaga Belluzzo , the president of Palmeiras , branded Simon a ' crook , scoundrel and a bastard ' , adding that he was ' without shame ' and ' in the drawer of someone ' .
He also said he had ' made a service ' for Fluminense and said he would ' slap him ' if he ' met him on the street ' .
FIFA have selected Simon , 44 , for the last two World Cups as well as this one , even though they received a DVD of his mistakes from Flamengo .
Incensed by Simon 's dismissal of Diego Tardelli in a game against Cruzeiro in 2008 - he was sent off for diving when it should have been a penalty - they sent the DVD with a letter to FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke asking that he be dropped for this World Cup .
Another time , Simon failed to give a penalty for Brasiliense , a Division Two team , in the Copa do Brasil final against Corinthians in 2002 .
Even the Corinthians players said it was a penalty .
Look out for Sportsmail 's live updates on England 's practice match against Platinum Stars from 3pm
On the ball : Howard Webb will take charge of Spain v Switzerland on June 16
He has actually taken charge of an England game before , the World Cup opener in 2002 against Sweden .
Meanwhile , English referee Howard Webb 's first match is the Group H clash between Spain and Switzerland on June 16 .
Image caption YouTube boasts the biggest video sharing audience in the world
Google has won a landmark ruling as a judge threw out a $ 1bn lawsuit brought by Viacom accusing the internet giant of allowing copyrighted material on its YouTube service without permission .
Viacom had accused Google of " massive intentional copyright infringement " .
But the Manhattan judge said Google and YouTube could not be held liable merely for having a " general awareness " that videos might be posted illegally .
Media conglomerate Viacom said it planned to appeal against the decision .
Google called the ruling " an important victory " .
' Safe harbour '
Viacom had claimed that " tens of thousands of videos " based on its copyrighted works had been posted on YouTube , and that both YouTube and its owner Google had known about it but had done nothing about it .
Image caption Viacom said many shows , including South Park , had been uploaded illegally
But District Judge Louis Stanton said in his ruling : " Mere knowledge of prevalence of such activity in general is not enough .
The provider need not monitor or seek out facts indicating such activity . "
Google and YouTube had argued that they were entitled to " safe harbour " protection under digital copyright law because they had insufficient notice of particular alleged offences .
Judge Stanton agreed , saying that when " YouTube was given notices , it removed the material ... it is thus protected from liability " under a provision in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
' Not the end '
Viacom called the ruling " fundamentally flawed " and said it reflected neither Congress 's intent behind copyright laws nor recent Supreme Court decisions .
Google welcomed the ruling .
" This is an important victory not just for us , but also for the billions of people around the world who use the web to communicate and share experiences with each other , " Google 's Kent Walker said on the company 's blog .
David Sohn , a lawyer for the Center for Democracy and Technology , said : " Without this decision , user - generated content would dry up and the internet would cease to be a participatory medium .
However , Laura Martin , an analyst at Needham , said the battle was not over .
" These issues are really important for content creators to protect their intellectual property against the usage by online aggregators .
It is really important for content creator to get paid , " she said .
" This is the beginning , not the end .
Sumner [ Redstone , Viacom 's chairman ] wo n't roll over and die on this . "
THE LATEST Case - Shiller housing data suggest that housing markets have now stabilized .
Prices were higher in February 2010 than they were in February 2009 , both for Boston and for Case - Shiller ’s 20 - city index .
This stability makes it possible to move beyond stop - gap measures and to envision fundamental reforms that will make the next housing crisis less damaging .
Lowering the $ 1 million cap on the home mortgage interest deduction is a good place to start .
The Case - Shiller index increased by 74 percent in real terms between 2000 and 2006 , and then declined by more than a third .
For every 10 percent that a city ’s housing prices rose during the boom , the city ’s prices fell by 7.6 percent during the bust .
The astonishing 24.9 percent unemployment rate in the construction sector seems almost mild given that the country went from building more than 1.9 million new housing units in 2005 and 2006 to building fewer than 800,000 units in 2009 .
The great lesson from this episode is that prices go down as well as up and it is foolish to encourage excessive betting on housing .
I ’m not claiming that government policies , like the mortgage interest deduction , caused the bubble .
The deduction is an old policy that has remained a constant in good times and bad .
Moreover , the bubble ca n’t be explained by low interest rates or easy mortgage approvals or high loan - to - value ratios .
The historical relationship between these variables and housing prices is just not large enough to explain either the boom or bust .
America ’s great housing convulsion is best seen as an enormous , almost inexplicable whirlwind that was created by ebullient , but incorrect , beliefs about never - ending home price appreciation .
But while government policies cannot be blamed for the bubble , they did exacerbate its damage .
For decades , the home mortgage interest deduction and government - subsidized institutions like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have made mortgages artificially inexpensive .
This subsidy encouraged homebuyers to borrow like mad and tie their fortunes to the housing market .
During the boom , these policies were thought to lead Americans to accumulate housing wealth and create an “ ownership society . ’’
We now know that encouraging people to borrow to buy homes can just as easily lead towards a “ foreclosure society , ’’ where millions owe far more than their homes are worth .
The home mortgage interest deduction also subsidizes Americans to buy bigger homes , and there is little reason to like that .
Americans , even poor Americans , have almost twice as much living space as the average resident of France or Germany .
According to the Residential Energy Consumption Survey , homes with between 2,500 and 3,000 square feet of heated living space use 41 percent more electricity than homes with between 1,500 and 2,000 square feet of space .
In an age of global warming , why should we subsidize the greater energy use inherent in larger homes ?
There is a powerful connection between structure type and ownership , which means that encouraging homeownership implicitly encourages sprawl .
More than 85 percent of people in single - family detached dwellings own ; more than 85 percent of people in dwellings with more than five units rent .
When we push people to own , we push them to choose suburban McMansions over urban apartments , which is bad for cities , bad for traffic congestion and bad for carbon emissions .
The mortgage interest deduction is also extremely regressive .
Economists James Poterba and Todd Sinai estimate that the deduction typically saves $ 523 per year in taxes for home - owning families earning between $ 40,000 and $ 75,000 , and $ 5,459 per year for families earning more than $ 250,000 .
Now that prices have stabilized , we can imagine slowly leading this political sacred cow towards a good stockyard .
The interest deduction currently has an upper limit of $ 1 million .
That limit could be reduced by $ 100,000 per year over the next seven years , which would lead to a less regressive $ 300,000 cap .
After that point , we could consider replacing the interest deduction altogether with a flat homeowner ’s tax credit that would encourage homeownership without encouraging borrowing or big houses .
The pain of the great housing convulsion has demonstrated the folly of encouraging everyone to bet everything on housing .
Let ’s not let this hard - won knowledge go to waste .
Edward L. Glaeser , a professor of economics at Harvard University , is director of the Rappaport Institute for Greater Boston .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
If ever there was a time to be sure to take absolutely nothing for granted , that time is now .
The emergence of the COVID - 19 pandemic has basically taken over the entire world , and no one is completely safe from the harms that it can inflict .
Even those who do not lose their lives can face a lifetime of debilitating medical challenges , and to this point we still do n’t really know exactly how this virus works .
What does this have to do with working with a Los Angeles estate law firm ?
Everything , that ’s what , as now is the time to add as much certainty to your life as possible , regardless of context .
Do you have a living will in place , or have you executed a Do Not Resuscitate ( DNR ) order if that ’s what your wishes are in the event that you are intubated and unable to communicate with loved ones or medical personnel ?
Are all of your assets properly recorded and accounted for so that they can be organized and , ultimately , disbursed to your desired beneficiaries if the pandemic reaches you ?
There are estate planning firms in Los Angeles that can handle these steps , but ours is one that ’s ready to help you immediately if necessary .
None of this information is meant to scare you , although if we ’re honest most of us are experiencing at least some amount of fear as the pandemic rages on and takes an ever - higher toll on the human race .
We just want to be sure that you do what you can as soon as possible to get your affairs in order – and those of your family members – with a Los Angeles estate law firm that understands the nuances , regulations and requirements relating to every type of estate planning instrument and strategy that exists in California .
In addition , and beneficially , working with a Los Angeles estate law firm like ours is something that can be done without taking on any additional risk of exposure .
We can and do work remotely ourselves , so we can get to know you via videoconference , we can transfer files and information electronically and we can take care of what we need to handle with relative ease such that you ’re not running around in crowded places .
Now is the time to make sure that you have everything you need be properly organized .
The last thing you want to do is find out after it ’s too late that you need to get some things done or else you ’ll face consequences that include additional and unnecessary tax burdens , medical bills and administrative delays .
Do n’t do that to yourself and do n’t do it to your loved ones .
Take care of things so that if the worst happens , you can at least rest easy that you ’ve handled your affairs and freed anyone else from having to scramble to do so .
Hopefully none of this winds up being necessary because of the pandemic , but right now it ’s better to be safe than sorry .
Get started today .
If you ’re ready to begin your estate plan , change your estate plan , finish your estate plan , or even just find out if your estate plan is still solid and ready to do what you want it to do , it ’s time to take the simple step of contacting one of the most respected estate attorneys in California for a review of your situation .
Attorney Salvo will be happy to meet with you and tell you what you need to hear as opposed to what you want to hear , so contact the office today to schedule an initial consultation .
The media fuss about recent suicides at China ’s Foxconn company , an electronics manufacturer that supports , among others , Apple , has prompted a debate about the future .
In particular , will rising wages drive tech firms elsewhere for cheap labor ?
The Wall Street Journal has a contemplative piece on this matter today .
The article starts by mentioning the suicides at Foxconn ’s factories and notes that there have now been several moves to elevate the wages of the workers there in order to try to relieve some of their stresses .
These payments are going to be welcome , even if they ’re borne of two slightly misplaced pieces of thinking –that the working conditions in another country must comply with the ethics and norms of your country , and that the suicides definitely represent a significant cluster .
The latter of these two is disproved by some simple statistics , and even Steve Jobs himself has pointed this out , but the former has some traction–after all , it ’s these factories that produce goods that let us live our particular lifestyles outside China .
So there ’s a degree of inevitability in rising wages in China , as companies like Apple react to pressure , which is a good thing .
But the upshot of the wage increases may be an inevitable rise in the price of consumer electronics , as the money has to come from somewhere .
An ethically motivated self - owned company may choose to take the hit from its profits , but the shareholders of a big commercial company almost certainly will choose to line their own pockets in preference to this option .
And therein lies the other issue raised by this :
A company that bumps its prices to pay its Chinese manufacturers more may well see its sales suffer , as the average consumer , who wants those “ poor Chinese workers ” to earn more also does n’t want to pay more for his or her new gizmos .
It ’s a damned - if - you - do and damned - if - you - do n’t problem .
And so there maybe but one real option for Western electronics firms , faced with the prospect of rising wage bills in China–the currently preferred manufacturing base : Search for a different , cheaper place to make your goods .
As the WSJ notes , the Asian region offers plenty of alternatives such as Vietnam , Indonesia , and India , the first two of which already have a substantial manufacturing base –exemplified by the recent completion of a notebook making plant in Vietnam for Compal ( a provider for Dell and HP ) .
Foxconn also built a plant there in 2007 to offset rising wage prices in China … and we can speculate that some of those recent iPhone 4 leaks that popped up in Vietnam were achieved through Foxconn ’s connections between the two nations .
No big changes will happen overnight , of course :
Thanks to billions of dollars in plant investments , the status quo has a huge inertia , so you ’ll expect to see “ Made in China ” on your goods for a while yet before “ Made in Vietnam ” becomes a common sight .
But this process ca n’t be indefinite , and hopping from one Eastern nation to another is a habit that ’ll have to end eventually .
Where will cheap electronics be made then ?
Update : Fresh from the controversies in the news , it looks like Foxconn ’s executives are doing exactly as I suggested –they ’re pursuing higher prices from their customers for their products .
The company hopes to have new deals ironed out this month , according to a report in Reuters .
This is only the start , of course –their customers will then probably pass on the costs to their own customers , even if the effects are n’t immediate .
I can see farther standing on my feet than bowed on my knees .
The squalid little authoritarians in Russia rubber stamped a new law yesterday that would " boost the powers of the successor to the Soviet KGB , allowing it to summon people it believes are about to commit a crime and threaten jail for those who disobey its orders . "
According to Reuters , the law " could be used by the FSB security service to detain opposition activists and independent journalists and undermine President Dmitry Medvedev 's promises to foster civil rights . "
Vladimir Ulas , of the opposition Communist Party , complained , with no evident trace of irony , that the new law was " a step toward a police state .
It is effectively a ban on any real opposition activity . "
And Ulas , who joined the party in 1981 , knows a thing or two about police states .
According to RFE / RFL , police in Moscow broke up a small protest of Yabloko activists and arrested four people protesting the new law in front of the Duma today .
And in other depressing Russia news , the children of Saint Petersburg ( which is probably due for another name change .
Perhaps Putingrad ? ) are being encouraged to pray for their muscly , bear - killing president .
Obama is bringing in nuclear experts to address the spill .
MERLIN FLOWER | 2010/05/24
The oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico continues to spill black venom into the sea .
The world has got to see stirring images of oil gushing with decipherable great force , enough even to turn a staunch critic towards environmental protection .
Initially scoffed and sniffed at , a radical solution in the form of a nuclear explosion is now trotting as a viable option to stop the oil spill .
Why ?
Because no effort should be spared and so far , the stratagems used by BP have been futile .
Might as well check out some of the efforts to contain the spill so far :
Chemical dispersants to the tune of 325,000 gallons have been used with planes spilling those 192 or more times in attempts to degrade the oil droplets .
Last week , the US coast guard and the Environmental Protection Agency had authorised BP to use subsea dispersants to reduce the damage caused by the spill .
These subsea dispersants are expected to break the oil into small droplets preventing them from reaching shore or surface .
Billed an ' important step ' in reducing the overall impact , according to initial reports these underwater dispersants are said to be ' working ' .
But concerns have been raised about the possible and ' not- known - yet ' damage to the environment as the toxic dispersant are ( Corexit 9500 and Corexit EC9527A ) untested .
In a desperate move , BP is trying to use a ' Junk shot ' method to stop the leak .
That 's right , junk like golf balls , rubber tyres , plastic tubes , ropes are being used to clog the well .
These are to be fed into the Blow Out Preventer .
Rewind : it was the failed BOP which started the spill in the first place after the explosion two weeks ago .
This ' Junk shot ' would be followed by a ' top kill ' that is pumping in mud and then cement to overcome the pressure .
This method has been used before in the Kuwait oil fields during the Gulf War of the nineties .
All these work to be done , as earlier , by robotic submersibles operated by pilots on the surface .
Further , BP tried to insert a funnel directly into the well to pipe the oil to the surface .
In the first two attempts a mechanical problem prevented the siphoning of oil using pipes .
The tube was then withdrawn to the surface for readjustment after the frame holding the mile - long tube shifted and failed to connect to the leak .
But in possibly the first good news the second attempt worked and a tube is expected to siphon oil and gas to the surface .
How much and if that works ?
The answer will reveal itself slowly .
BP is also trying to replace the upper portion of the BOP using robotic arms .
But that could in fact cause more oil spill , thus a huge risk .
The huge containment dome built after two weeks of work , which was supposed to drain the oil has been abandoned after the build up of hydrates .
Five controlled burns have been performed so far , then stopped due to winds and high waves .
Skimmers are also being used to collect oil using absorbent conveyor belts which are then treated to extract oil to be used as fuel .
Booms , sand bags and sponges are also in the scene deployed to soak up the oil , but the process is slow and dependent on good weather .
Make no mistake ; a relief well is the best option .
Two relief wells are being drilled to ease the pressure off the damaged oil well .
Once , the relief well comes in contact with the damaged well , blocking or easing the pressure would be easier .
But that will take months to complete and these efforts can go only so far .
The blame - game :
Amid these attempts to conjure magic , the blame game continued with the three companies responsible BP , Transocean Ltd. and Halliburton Co. blaming each other for the oil mess .
Transocean is the owner and operator of the Deepwater Horizon rig and Halliburton had supplied cement for the well .
Lamar McKay , chairman of BP America Inc. , says , " Transocean 's blowout preventer failed to operate . "
And , Stephen Newman , Chief Executive of Transocean says , " All offshore oil and gas production projects begin and end with the operator " .
While Halliburton 's line was that it was " contractually bound , " to follow the oil company BP 's instructions to it .
Mr Obama put a stop to the game with stern words , ' I will not tolerate more finger pointing or irresponsibility . '
Still , risky is this blame game and equally risky is the delay , deferment and inaction in the absence of demonstrably proven precedent .
The importance of ocean cannot be underestimated .
More than sixty six percent of the global population lives within hundred kilometres to the coastline .
Ocean is responsible for : feed for livestock , food in the form of fishes and other organisms , source of income for man , supplier of sodium chloride , oil - obviously , and as a source of water in arid regions of the world .
And the ocean surface plays a vital role in the water cycle through evaporation and influences climate .
Nuclear option
At 5,000 feet below water , battling the low temperature and high pressure is not easy .
The pressure of the oil was so high that the BOP could n't prevent the explosion - and the resultant spill - when eleven people died on 20 April .
Also the leak appears to be more than the 5,000 barrels of oil a day estimated earlier , now analysts say the spill was about 13 m litres a day with oil plumes more than 10 miles long discovered .
As it could only get worse , now is the time to consider the option on a nuclear explosion :
The public opinion , after the initial disbelief which was suspended by images of the spill has rallied in favor of a nuclear explosion .
So , finally there 's some hope at the end of the tunnel .
President Obama has stepped in and has sent a team of nuclear experts to contain the spill .
The man in charge to contain the spill is Steven Chu , U.S. Energy Secretary and also the one who helped develop the first hydrogen bomb in the 50s .
The five member multidisciplinary team are a creative lot involved in the first hydrogen bomb , finding ways to mine in Mars and ways to position biomedical needles .
The team will work along with BP 's scientist to find a solution .
Meeting at BP 's crisis centre in Houston , Chief Executive Officer Tony Hayward said after the meeting , ' lots of nuclear physicists and all sorts of people coming up with some quite good ideas actually . '
They are said to have reached ' one good idea ' which he declined to reveal .
A nuclear option perhaps ?
Truth is that Russia has used it at least five times starting with a blast near Bukhara Uzbekistan in 1966 .
Then a 120 meter tall flame , fuelled by massive natural gas was blazing for three years with deafening sound .
When all efforts to contain the flame in the desert failed , a 30 kiloton atom bomb was used .
The explosion did seal the well - it worked displacing tonnes of rock over the spill thus cutting it .
Some people fear that a nuclear explosion would set the oil spill on fire .
But Soviet Russia has used subterranean nuclear blasts as much as 169 times and the number would add up to more than 1,000 if all the tests by different countries are taken into account .
And since the explosion would be underwater and in the absence of oxygen there is no chance of the well burning up .
But yes , an explosion close to the surface can contaminate the water due to radioactivity but this spill warrants an explosion underground .
The oil is beneath the rock and since there is no air in an underground nuclear explosion , the energy released would overheat and melt the surrounding rock , thus shutting the spill .
So that takes us to the next criticism - possible effects on the flora , particularly the phytoplankton and the marine organisms including fishes .
But the spill itself , if unchecked , could cause more damage than the results of the explosion .
Further , many tests have been carried underwater and no serious damage has been reported .
Another blocker for the nuke option is that it would have to be government operated and a final solution .
This goes against capitalism .
There is much more money to be made by funding cleaning operations which have no end in sight .
As dire times call for drastic steps , the better option is a nuclear explosion or be prepared to see carcass of innocent animals washed ashore .
You may not realize it , but a home heating oil company is one of the most important service providers you will have for your home .
They ensure your home stays warm when the weather gets cold , and they can also help you save a tremendous amount of money on the cost of heating .
Since a home heating oil company is so important , you want to make sure that you choose the best one for the job .
Before you decide to go with the first provider you find , here ’s a look at some important questions to ask to help you find a Boiler Repair Brooklyn / Queens company that you can rely on .
Is a price cap contract something you offer customers ?
A price cap refers to a program in which an oil company purchases oil from a supplier for the heating season ( the cap , ) sets the highest price that consumers will pay for that season , and then buys insurance that will cover the cost of any difference between the capped price and the amount the market price goes up .
In other words , should the cost of home heating oil go higher than the price cap , you wo n’t have to worry about paying the higher price ; your rate is locked in at the capped price .
Cesspool Company Suffolk can help prevent your home from and sewer clogs and grease traps .
A price cap contract can save you a tremendous amount of money over the cost of the year , especially given the constant increases in home heating oil .
Do you provide a service contract ?
With a service contract , you ’ll have peace of mind knowing that your home heating oil system is operating properly .
You wo n’t have to worry if you ’ll stay warm , and you ’ll save money , too .
A quality service contract will offer a complete tune - up , ensuring that everything is running correctly , and fixing any problems that are spotted .
Do you offer emergency service ?
Even a properly maintained tank can experience issues , and there ’s no telling when those issues will arrive .
Whether there is an issue with the tank itself , or you run out of oil , you ’ll want to have a heating oil company that offers emergency service so that you do n’t end up getting stuck in the cold .
If the company does offer emergency service , find out if it is limited to certain hours and days , or if it is a 24/7 service .
Are payment plans available ?
Payment for a service is important for all businesses ; however , with the constantly fluctuating oil prices , paying for home heating oil amityville has become a concern for a lot of homeowners .
Many heating oil providers require a full payment before or after the delivery is made , which can be difficult .
A budget or pre-payment plan can help to spread the payments out over a period of time , easing some of the economic burden .
Are you insured ?
A reputable home heating oil company will be fully insured , including liability and workers ’ compensation coverage .
Do you need a cesspool inspection or new cesspool installation , well Cesspool Company Suffolk is the right place .
Should an accident happen on your property , you do n’t want to be held liable for covering the costs .
In addition to finding out what type of coverage the company has , find out how much coverage it has for each policy .
While a heating oil provider may have liability and workers ’ comp , it wo n’t do much good if the coverage is minimal .
How long have you been operating ?
If a home heating oil company is n’t reliable , it wo n’t be in business for very long .
A provider that has been operating for years is a testament to how dependable they are and the type of service that they offer .
Do you supply oil through assistance programs ?
Sadly , the current state of the economy has found a great many people in economic turmoil .
You may also need a Queens NY Masonry Contractor .
In an effort to make sure that those who are struggling financially , whether it be because of a loss of work , not making enough of an income , or not being able to work as a result of an injury or illness , there are several assistance programs in place .
The Home Energy Assistance Program ( HEAP ) makes it possible for low - income people to pay for the cost of heating their homes .
Not all heating oil companies will do business through an assistance program , as the profit margin tends to be significantly less and it can take a long time to receive payments .
If you are in need of assistance , it is wise to find out if the company you are considering choosing will supply you with oil through an assistance program .
What is your price for oil today ?
There ’s no way to determine what the cost of oil will be several months from now ; however , finding out what a home heating oil company is charging today will give you an idea about their prices moving forward .
If the price seems much higher than another company , you might want to continue looking .
The answers to these questions will help you find a home heating oil that you can trust to keep your home warm all winter long .
So here I am , playing some Kinect , and Jason , who 's photographing me , spots someone in the background .
You spot him ?
No ? OK .
ENHAAANNNCCEEEE !!!!
Advertisement
I said ...
ENHAAANNNCCEEEE !!!!
Advertisement
I said ...
Yes , it 's Nintendo 's Shigeru Miyamoto ( alongside NIntendo's Bill Trinen ) .
And as much as we may giggle at the moment , it 's refreshing to see companies so openly scope out the competition ... even if we 've busted Miyamoto twice in two years .
Advertisement
Click to view
Throughout history , tales of chivalry have burnished the legends of brave , handsome knights who rescue fair damsels , slay dragons and conquer evil .
But behind many a hero is a good - for - nothing younger brother trying just to stay out of the way of those dragons , evil and trouble in general .
As two princes on a daring mission to save their land , they must rescue the heir apparent 's fiancée before their kingdom is destroyed .
Thadeous ( McBride ) has spent his life watching his perfect older brother Fabious ( Franco ) embark upon valiant journeys and win the hearts of his people .
Tired of being passed over for adventure , adoration and the throne , he 's settled for a life of wizard 's weed , hard booze and easy maidens .
But when Fabious ' bride - to - be , Belladonna ( Zooey Deschanel ) , gets kidnapped by the evil wizard Leezar ( Justin Theroux ) , the king gives his deadbeat son an ultimatum : Man up and help rescue her or get cut off .
Half - assedly embarking upon his first quest , Thadeous joins Fabious to ... Written by Universal Pictures
DETROIT -- Nicklas Lidstrom does n't want to be one of those athletes who retires prematurely and lives to regret it .
That is why the Detroit Red Wings captain will take his time in deciding whether to return next season .
" Even when you 're done playing , I 'm sure you 're going to have moments where you wish you were playing again , '' Lidstrom said .
" I talked to former players who retired and the years have gone by and they sometimes have that urge and competitiveness and want to play again .
" I 'm not sure if I 've accomplished everything I wanted .
That 's one of the factors coming into play as well . ''
He will meet with general manager Ken Holland in the next couple of weeks and said he has no timetable for making a decision .
But he will let the club know before July 1 , the start of free agency .
Lidstrom is providing few clues , leaving teammates and the front office guessing .
When word surfaced that Lidstrom has enrolled his oldest son , Kevin , in a hockey school in Sweden for next fall , it appeared to be an ominous sign for the club .
But Lidstrom said he 's just covering his bases in case he retires .
" That 's something for his age ( 16 ) we had to do .
Otherwise , if we 're going back to Sweden , he would n't have a school , '' Lidstrom said .
" We had to do that regardless of whether we were staying or not .
It was just to keep our options open . ''
Lidstrom , 40 , has no doubt he can continue to play a high level .
He also said the club will be competitive .
His decision will be based on his motivation to play and his family 's wishes .
" I think you 're always going to have that passion within you , whether you retire or are still playing , '' Lidstrom said .
" You got a feel for the game , you 're going to be watching games .
You 'll probably going to want to be in games , even though you 're 55 or 60 . ''
Red Wings coach Mike Babcock and many of the players expect Lidstrom to return .
" I think Nick will be playing for sure , '' Pavel Datsyuk said .
" I do n't know if he can play like ( Chris ) Chelios to 47 , but he can play for two years more .
He has good shape .
For how he played , he 's a top - five defenseman in the league . ''
Two of the leading makers of electronic - book readers , threatened by the success of Apple Inc. 's iPad , slashed prices Monday in a move that could further drive e-readers into the mainstream .
Early Monday , Barnes & Noble Inc. cut the price of its
Nook e-reader to $ 199 and introduced a Wi-Fi-only model for $ 149 .
Hours later , Amazon.com Inc. lowered the price of its Kindle e-reader to $ 189 .
Both ...
With close to 6 million homes at risk of being seized by banks , the foreclosure crisis continues to deepen , with the greatest risk to homeowners of color , according to a new study by the Center for Responsible Lending .
So far 2.5 million homes have been lost .
While the majority of these belonged to white working - class families , black and Latino families have experienced far higher rates of foreclosures and also a higher rate of evictions .
“ While about 4.5 percent of white borrowers lost their homes to foreclosure during that period , black and Latino borrowers had 7.9 and 7.7 percent foreclosure rates , respectively .
That means that blacks and Latinos were more than 70 percent more likely to lose their homes , ” writes the Washington Post .
Significantly the study demonstrates that even high - income Blacks and Latinos experience higher levels of foreclosure .
Other minorities are affected as well .
“ American Indian ( 16.5 % ) , Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islanders ( 18.6 % ) , and Asian borrowers ( 15.7 % ) all also show an increased likelihood of being at - risk , ” write the authors of the report .
Latinos have faced the most severe losses .
Federal efforts to abate the crisis , led by the Treasury Department , so far have made modest but insufficient headway .
The Making Homes Affordable program is assisting about one million homeowners in preventing foreclosures , according to the Congressional Oversight Panel .
“ About 230,000 U.S. homeowners had secured permanent loan modification under the program through last month , ” but many homeowners are in limbo , cautions the Washington Post .
The mortgage crisis has precipitated the greatest wealth loss in Black and Latino history in the U.S.
In coming years it is expected that these losses will continue to grow .
The Center for Responsible Lending says , “ Furthermore , the indirect losses in wealth that result from foreclosures as a result of depreciation to nearby properties will disproportionately impact communities of color .
We estimate that , between 2009 and 2012 , $ 193 billion and $ 180 billion , respectively , will have been drained from African American and Latino communities in these indirect spillover losses alone . ”
Earlier on , inability to pay back expensive subprime loans were the chief source of the crisis .
Because of high unemployment , traditional mortgages now comprise the majority of foreclosures .
The NAACP , along with labor unions and community organizations , is calling for national march for jobs and justice in Washington on Oct.
2 .
The Republican Party has scuttled Obama administration efforts to pass jobs legislation and extend unemployment insurance .
Federal officials are now pursing criminal investigations of banking institutions involved in the crisis , like Goldman Sachs , for fraud .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/adampieniazek/3356392881/sizes/l/in/photostream/ cc 2.0
But Washington has made its opposition clear , the Times reports .
The US argues that because Pakistan has not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , it could use some of the technology provided by China to make nuclear weapons or pass the information on to another country .
Greets Friends .
I am sitting in NYC ’s Laguardia Airport on the way to the Bermuda Guitar Festival .
Normally I would have spent the last 48 hours practicing my tail off for the show .
This time was different .
I did get some practicing in , but I had an issue that became what I call “ pants on fire ” i.e. something that needed to be addressed right away … danger Will Robinson , danger !!!
I spent this last 48 hours in front of the computer – namely re-encoding and uploading videos to a new channel on Youtube .
Why , you ask ?
Read on ….
[ psst – subscribe to the new adam rafferty channel here ]
Why Youtube is Critical for Musicians
As you probably know , Youtube is critical for musicians at this point in time .
No longer is a record company or magazine review needed to get in front of people ’s eyeballs – all you need is a self produced video and an internet connection to reach fans worldwide .
My entire fingerstyle guitar career has materialized through my youtube videos and presence – and I am not the only guy who can say this .
I think it has helped countless musicians presents themselves to fans , concert promoters , and sell CD ’s and DVD ’s , book workshops and who knows what else .
Many musicians have gotten a boost from this incredibly genius , earthshaking ( but really friggin ’ stupid ) website called Youtube .
I know I have .
Watch the Video , Click the Textbox onscreen To Subscribe to the NEW channel :
In my case my 2 most popular videos are Michael Jackson ’s “ Billie Jean ” and Stevie Wonder ’s “ Superstition ” .
As you may know , I released a Stevie Wonder instructional guitar DVD teaching the arrangements I play on Youtube .
All the marketing , customer base , etc is from youtube .
Cover tunes help musicians “ get out there ” .
You might not search for a new artist , especially if you have never heard of them .
The Beatles , Stones and Led Zeppelin were cover bands which wove their own material in .
Hence , cover tunes are helping me immensely !
[ psst – subscribe to the new adam rafferty channel here ]
By the Way , Youtube is one HUGE Copyright Infringement Platform
Here ’s the rub .
All of my cover tunes on Youtube – and anyone ’s cover tunes on Youtube are flat out , no questions asked copyright infringement .
Yep , if you are not paying for a license , it is copyright infringement .
Does not matter if you did it for fun and not for money , does not matter if it is YOU playing the song .
Copyright Violation .
Period .
Grow up if you wnat to argue or think otherwise !
This poses quite a dilemma .
My “ new fan ” traffic comes from people searching the tune titles – not me , as far as I can tell .
They find me via the tune connection , and like magic , I have new fans .
These infringing videos are critical to my career , as you can see .
Few people start out by caring about Adam ’s or anyone ’s originals – relatively speaking .
However when they find my Billie Jean , they flip out !
( EMI told me a one year license for one tune is about $ 2500 .
I may even pay for a tune or two – more to come in another blog post . )
So if you do ANY cover tunes AT ALL – you better keep reading and get real with yourself about where it is all heading .
[ psst – subscribe to the new adam rafferty channel here ]
Youtube Account Deletion – It ’s Happening More Than Ever !
Several musicians have had their entire accounts from Youtube deleted after achieving a high profile through popular videos of cover songs .
That ’s all videos , comments , messages , friends and subscribers gone all at once .
This really would suck for me if it happens .
I have 11 thousand people who have subscribed to my channel , and I ’d lose contact with them .
Ouch !
That ’s fans and customers .
It ’s like the ultimate targeted mailing list for an artist gets destroyed .
Glowing comments that show concert promoters that I have fans .
Fans means ticket sales to them , so part of my presentation for concerts is based on my youtube presence .
It does not matter if many many other people play the same cover song as you on Youtube .
YOU or I could be singled out , have videos removed and once you have an account in “ bad standing ” and get 3 offenses , your account is deleted .
Youtube – for the geniuses you are , how could you be so moronic to have set up a website where copyright infringement is so easy , and then hurt users so badly in a seemingly random , inconsistent fashion ?
What really sucks the big one is that Youtube is totally inconsistent in how they deal with offenders .
Also – the more popular you become , the more of a target you become as publishers search their own tunes and report to Youtube on who to axe .
[ psst – subscribe to the new adam rafferty channel here ]
Warner Music Group
It appears that songs administered by Warner it seems are the most dangerous to use .
Once Warner bitches to Youtube about a video , youtube says “ Uncle ” by flagging , maybe deleting your account .
UMG seems to do ad overlays on videos of cover songs which is a much nicer , less hurtful thing to do .
Do n’t Believe Me ?
Naudo is a guitarist whose instrumental covers were very popular had his account deleted .
Read here :
http://naudostar.blogspot.com/2009/02/wwwsevenloadcom-wwwrevvercom.html
A friend just informed me that his instrumental guitar version of “ What a Wonderful World ” was deleted and his account is now in bad standing .
His buddy , a beatboxer , had 30 K subscribers and his account was deleted because he did covers .
A teen girl singing Winter Wonderland got deleted .
http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/youtube_copyright_system_eff_action.php
The official word here :
http://www.eff.org/issues/intellectual-property/guide-to-youtube-removals
This makes me very nervous , to be honest which is why I am taking action before there is a problem .
My concert booking and DVD and CD “ pipeline ” is my Youtube channel due to my covers – particularly Billie Jean and Superstition along with other popular covers .
After thinking long and hard , I have come up with an action plan of solutions that I am implementing that you may want to consider for yourself to stay afloat in this tricky minefield .
Read all of them to get a picture mentally before you implement anything .
[ psst – subscribe to the new adam rafferty channel here ]
9 Solution Action Steps
Step 1 – Write your own tunes , or use public domain tunes !
Build up a body of your own material and why not check out traditionals , hyms , and look up the definition of “ public domain ” tunes .
This way no one can ever accuse you of copyright violation .
Not easy but legal !
Get started .
I am amazed that people on Youtube learn my material .
God bless those of you like Andy McKee , Tommy Emmanuel , Don Ross and so on .
You guys who have well loved original tunes .
No one can ever take you down for your originals !
Step 2 – Create a Copyright - Infringement - Free youtube account if you are infringing ( i.e. if you have any cover tunes you did not write ) on your current account .
I am in the process of launching a new youtube channel which will have my original tunes , lessons ( not of songs though ) , messages to fans , rants and so on .
YES – I do covers so I am infringing .
Let ’s call a spade a spade .
Here is the new non infringing channel – and yes , I am asking you to subscribe here in one click right now :
http://www.youtube.com/adamrafferty
Here is the old channel – subscribe here too , but who knows what the future brings .
This is where the cover tunes are :
http://www.youtube.com/crescentridge
Of course you can delete infringing videos from your current account but that ’s what we want to avoid .
Or – we want to get the max out of the infringing videos yet not suffer the full blow of punishment ! 🙂
Step 3 – If you must do covers ( and I must ! ) then consider uploading your videos of covers to several other video sites .
Hint – check out Tubemogul.com to make this easy .
Just do a google search on “ best youtube alternatives ” to get educated about where you can host videos .
Vimeo , Viddler , Dailymotion are a few .
Remember – if these are infringements , they can at one point be removed from those sites too ….
but proceed to Step 4 .
Here are a few links to my Billie Jean and Superstition on other sites .
Yes other video sites exist !
I ’ll probably embed these ….
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x9sz4f_adam-rafferty-billie-jean-by-michae_music
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x9stob_adam-rafferty-superstition-by-stevi_music
Step 4 – Put a “ pointer ” video on Youtube so that a search on Youtube points to a video on a different video site .
Unfortunately , Youtube is the 500 LB gorilla and searches are done there more than any other video site .
As soon as I do one , I will link it here for you .
I plan to put up pointer videos – which means if you search “ Michael Jackson Billie Jean Guitar ” for example , you ’ll get a video of me talking , not playing .
I ’ll say something like “ Hi everyone , I am playing nice with Youtube and have a link below this video screen so you can see me play Billie Jean on another site ” .
If you have several versions of the same video up across several sites , and one gets deleted , you can always change the link to view the video on some “ other site ” but retain the search capabilities of Youtube with a non-infringing video – the pointer video .
I repeat – we want to take advantage of the Youtube search function , but the infringing material is not on the Youtube server .
All that ’s on the Youtube server is a pointer video you ( or me ) talking and a link .
Step 5 – Do n’t upload exact duplicate video files from your old to your new channel .
I started re-uploading videos and saw that there might be an issue with 2 accounts uploading exact duplicate files .
No sweat .
Just go into your original movie editing files and re-output the movie with a few seconds extra on the file , maybe different compression .
If the file size and play length are different that “ ought ” to make the Youtube system see them as 2 different videos .
Step 6 – Do this while your infringing account is active – before anything bad happens
It ’s like insurance .
Easier and less expensive to deal with before disaster strikes .
Step 7 – Put up a new announcement video on the old channel announcing the new channel and urge subscribers to re- subscribe .
Step 8 – ( Optional ) I may even do an audio - swap on the original infringing videos if I get flagged .
More to come on that , as I am not decided yet .
I could keep the old vid up with an audio swap , retain the lovely comments and have the old video “ point ” to another vid .
Step 9 – Get a new habit !!!
Watch videos on other sites and do n’t be lazy !
EAsier said than done .
Youtube has to be slightly decentralized so that we are all not at their mercy .
What a pain in the ass this is becoming .
Excuse my French .
[ psst – subscribe to the new adam rafferty channel here ]
ADAM ’S PROPHECY for 2012 🙂
The days of posting copyrighted material for free will come crashing down and screeching to a halt just like the golden age of Napster.com when everyone thought that gigabytes and gigabytes of mp3 ’s were and should be free .
I’t only a matter of time .
I ’d rather prepare than get caught blindsided !
For example , I can type in “ Stevie Wonder Songs in the Key of Life ” on a Youtube search and I get a nice little playlist of the whole ORIGINAL album , with the visual being a scan of the record cover .
Millions and millions of plays and no one – Stevie or the publisher gets paid just because a random person felt like sharing it .
IN ALL FAIRNESS – WHAT IF THAT WERE YOUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ?
If someone shared my instructional material for which I get paid I would be very upset .
This will not last .
No one is getting paid for the plays .
And sorry – music should not be free unless it ’s your creation and you decide to give it away for free .
FYI
Here is a nifty video that I found on restoring suspended accounts .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RTvhG74VtI
Good luck and be prepared !
Adam
Subscribe to the new adam rafferty channel here
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Reddit
Tumblr
More
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Major David Elmaliach , also from the Gaza CLA , said that no guns , rockets or explosives were found on any of the ships .
The three ships were docked at the Ashdod port , gaurded by IDF soldiers and port security personnel .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Among the equipment that the IDF agreed to show reporters were medical supplies , including electric vehicles for handicapped people , wheelchairs , stretchers , hospital beds and boxes of medicine .
They also showed crates full of dry food products and children ’s toys .
Levi said that eight trucks full of equipment had already crossed into Gaza and that 20 additional trucks would be transferred throughout the night and the following day .
Defense official : Cargo did not meet international standards
According to Levi , the soldiers also found construction equipment , including sacks of concrete and metal rods .
He said that Israel did not allow those products to enter into the Gaza strip for fear that they would be used to construct fortifications for terrorists and for weapons manufacture .
Gidi Gofer , head of the Defense Ministry ’s international transport division , said that the equipment that arrived in the cargo ships did not have proper transport manifests or any of the paperwork required to legally ship cargo by sea .
“ The cargo did not meet international safety or operational standards , ” said Gofer .
Gofer explained that his job was to oversee the security inspection of the cargo and his team was doing it with the aid of bomb squads , explosive - detecting dogs and x-ray machines .
“ We are currently liaising with the Palestinian Authority so that they will receive the approved equipment according to the agreed upon procedures , ” said Gofer .
“ The illegal construction materials were removed from the ships and will be held by us awaiting further instructions . ”
Ashdod Port CEO
Shuki Sagis said that the port authorities were prepared to accept the ships in advance of their arrival and under the military supervision , began unloading it on Monday evening .
“ The cargo ships were loaded haphazardly , with all of the equipment mixed up in the large holds .
Ships loaded in this way would not be accepted in any port .
We are loading the equipment on the trucks far more carefully than it was loaded on to the ships , ” he said .
Weird California - By Joe Parzanese
State of Jefferson
" A little rebellion now and then is a good thing " - Thomas Jefferson
In October of 1941 , counties in southern Oregon and Northern California were upset with the condition of roads throughout their counties .
Their claims were that lack of proper roads and bridges were hindering the economic development of the area , particularly by making it difficult to gain access to and transport out the areas two biggest natural resources : copper and timber .
The roads were oiled dirt roads that after rain or snow became impassable .
The " greatest copper belt in the far West " was located there and the roads made it extremely difficult to mine and transport the copper ore .
The counties were Curry , Josephine , Jackson , and Klamath , Oregon and Del Norte , Siskiyou , and Modoc , California .
The region was rich in timber , sugar pine , pine , oak , chrome , copper , manganese and gold .
Gilbert Gable , then mayor of Port Orford , Oregon proposed that the seven counties should secede from their respective states and form a new state , which would at the time have been the 49th state in the union .
This concept found sympathy throughout the area and on November 17th 1941 , county representatives met in Yreka , CA and voted to allocate $ 100 to researching the formation of the 49th state .
On November 19th , 1941 , the Siskiyou Daily News offered up a $ 2 prize for the best name submitted for the new state and the name Jefferson , after Thomas Jefferson , was eventually chosen .
Yreka was chosen as the capital .
After that , by November 27th , 1941 citizens of the State of Jefferson began stopping traffic on Highway 99 , brandishing hunting rifles and handing out copes of their Proclamation of Independence :
You are now entering Jefferson , the 49th State of the Union .
Jefferson is now in patriotic rebellion against the States of California and Oregon .
This State has seceded from California and Oregon this Thursday , November 27 , 1941 .
Patriotic Jeffersonians intend to secede each Thursday until further notice .
For the next hundred miles as you drive along Highway 99 , you are traveling parallel to the greatest copper belt in the far West , seventy - five miles west of here .
The United States government needs this vital mineral .
But gross neglect by California and Oregon deprives us of necessary roads to bring out the copper ore .
If you do n't believe this , drive down the Klamath River Highway and see for yourself .
Take your chains , shovel and dynamite .
Until California and Oregon build a road into the copper country , Jefferson , as a defense minded state , will be forced to rebel each Thursday and act as a separate State .
( Please carry this proclamation with you and pass them out on your way . )
State of Jefferson Citizens Committee
Temporary State Capitol , Yreka
This act , of course , immediately began making headlines , and the San Francisco Chronicle even sent out a young reporter by the name of Stanton Delaplane , to cover the secession .
He even earned a Pulitzer Prize for the series of articles he wrote .
By December 4th , with the state seceding every Thursday until recognized , Judge John C. Childs was inaugurated as the governor of the new state and followed by a torchlight parade led by two bears , Scratchy and Itchy .
A State Seal was created which consisted of a gold pan on which two X's were painted on the bottom .
The two X's symbolized how the new state was double crossed by both Salem , Oregon and Sacramento , California .
This seal is on the state flag .
The new state was going to have no sales tax , no property tax , no liquor tax , and no income tax .
Red light districts and gambling halls would be opened and the revenue from these would fund the state along with a small royalty on mining and timber developments .
Strikes were also going to be outlawed in the state .
Slot machines were to be abolished as they were unfair competition to the stud poker industry .
Newsreels of the events occurring in Jefferson were to air nationally on December 8th , but on December 7th Pearl Harbor was bombed by the Japanese thus throwing the United States into World War II and ending the secession of the California and Oregon counties that comprised the new state .
The newsreels were shelved and both states fixed the roads and bridges in order to access the timber and copper required for the war effort .
The secession movement died out .
But the concept of the State of Jefferson carried on .
Today the idea of Jefferson still exists and has grown to include several other counties including Coos , Douglas , and Lake in Oregon and Humboldt , Trinity , Shasta , Lassen , Mendocino , Tehama , Glenn , Butte , and Plumas in California .
If this area were to become its own state , it would have over 423,000 people , but would still have the least population of any other US state .
The original idea behind the State of Jefferson has been commemorate by the State of Jefferson Scenic Byway that runs between Yreka , CA and O'Brien , OR .
Near the California / Oregon border there 's a turn out spot with three informational displays talking about the area .
Additionally several businesses often advertise items like " Best Burger in the State of Jefferson " , people have placed " State of Jefferson " on shirts , hats , barns , and even silver coins .
Ultimately the 1941 attempt of seceding was very much unlike any other secession movement .
There was no violence , but instead joy and merriment .
Much of the actions of the state were viewed as almost a joke by the rest of the country .
Most people who were stopped by barricades and given the Proclamation of Independence laughed at the entire affair , thinking that the locals were just playing a big prank .
Ironically , the method in which the secession occurred actually worked .
The areas issues and problems were brought to light to the entire country and who knows , had it not been for the atrocity of World War II , Jefferson very well may have become the 49th state in the union .
It is important to note that actually seceding would have been rather difficult for the new state as under the Constitution , it was required that they had both the approval of the U.S. Congress and the legislatures of both Oregon and California .
Follow WeirdCA.com !
Outside Links :
Outside References :
Northern California Curiosities ( 2005 ) by Rubin , Saul , p : 264 - 265
Last Edited : 2009-03-06
I was raised in an Israel where images of Theodor Herzl are part of the scenery for school children , just like images of George Washington are in the United States .
All students have to learn about the three main arguments that early Zionists offered to persuade fellow Jews to support the colonization of Palestine :
- A Jewish homeland will help normalize the Jewish people and make them like other nations .
Jews will be respected in the Diaspora as a consequence of a Jewish state coming into existence .
- A Jewish state will serve as a refuge of first resort for Jews facing danger .
- A Jewish state would undoubtedly become a light unto the nations , avoiding the sins of gentile societies that treated Jews with intolerance .
The recent hijacking of a Turkish humanitarian aid ship and ensuing murder of 9 unarmed civilians ( including one American citizen ) in international waters bring these arguments into stark relief .
The behavior of the Israeli state , with overwhelming public support , demonstrates how far from " normal ' Israeli Jews have become .
There simply are n't any other countries in the world where this kind of behavior would make perfect sense to the citizenry .
One explanation for the march - of - folly style descent into aid - worker killing might be the sense of mortal danger Israeli leaders cultivate .
But it certainly conflicts with the once cherished notion of Israel as a place of refuge .
What kind of Jewish refuge broadcasts to itself , day and night , that followers of Hitler are " this close " to annihilating all that is near and dear with rockets and nukes ?
Take your pick Israel : Switzerland or Sparta .
They are n't the same thing .
Finally , when it comes to being a light unto the nations , there sure is a long way to go .
When Knesset Member Hannan Zuabi a passenger on the Turkish ship and witness to the killing tried to address her fellow lawmakers , she was shouted down with cries of " traitor ' and " your day will come . '
Mass demonstrations in Israel celebrated the exploits of the nation 's new heroes , those brave commandos who jumped from helicopters to shoot 50 civilians engaged in nonviolent direct action against the siege of Gaza ..
As an active member of the Israeli and American Jewish peace movement for 25 years , there have been occasions when I felt uncomfortable with the anti-Zionist and anti-Israel fringes of the Palestinian solidarity movement .
I grew up with Zionists after all .
Zionism in Israel used to be a bit like water for fish everywhere but not so interesting .
A requirement for civics class .
A word that just meant our country deserves to exist and we are proud of it .
Nowadays the connection between the original Zionist values and the modern state of Israel has become far less obvious .
Israel is not a safe refuge the citizenry are mad with fear and loathing for enemies internal and external .
The security forces are preventing Israeli casualties ( for now ) while demonstrators burn Turkish flags and chant ' death to the Arabs . '
It is not a light unto the nations .
And increasingly , young Jews outside of Israel are distancing themselves from the whole embarrassing scene .
Remember Ghandi's famous quip about western civilization ?
" It 's a good idea " he said .
By the same token , old fashioned Zionist ideals might be a good thing for Israel .
It is no more in harmony with Herzl 's original vision than the Soviet Union was in harmony with Karl Marx's .
Then again , it might just be a case of something sounding good in theory but impossible to put into practice .
When Usama Kuhail 's construction business collapsed almost overnight following Israel 's dramatic intensification of its siege of the Gaza Strip three years ago , he knew that the prospects for the 120 building workers he employed on a casual basis were grim .
Along with Kuhail 's firm , 3,000 businesses were to go under in the ensuing months .
For each job lost , another seven or eight people who relied on that income faced impoverishment .
So what did Kuhail 's men do ?
About 40 % now work in the tunnels under the border with Egypt that are used to smuggle huge amounts of goods into Gaza , a dangerous job only for the desperate .
The rest , he said , probably either joined the Hamas security services or are paid piecemeal by militant factions to launch rockets into Israel .
" It 's hard to blame them when there is no alternative , " he said .
Was this what Israel intended when it tightened the noose around Gaza ?
Does it make Israel more secure to cripple a functioning economy , with trade ties to Israel , Europe and beyond , which provided a degree of stability and security ?
And to drive honestly employed men into the arms of black marketeers and those Israel sees as its enemies ?
The traditional economy is now in such a parlous state that some here in Gaza question whether it can ever recover .
But to do so it certainly needs more than simply the easing of the blockade to allow in more aid – crucial though that is for Gaza 's population .
Before Israel began its regime of closures at the start of the second intifada , the Gazan economy was dominated by traditional businesses focused on construction , agriculture , furniture - making and textiles .
Raw materials were imported ; much of the resulting produce was exported .
It was the kind of economic model , valued and promoted by western democracies , which forms an essential pillar of any functioning society .
Then , after Hamas 's bloody and successful struggle with Fatah for dominance in Gaza and increasing rocket fire from the territory , Israel declared Gaza a " hostile entity " and almost totally sealed its borders .
Unable to either import or export goods , the legitimate economy collapsed .
Gaza used to have almost 4,000 factories and workshops ; following the blockade – and the destruction wrought in the three - week war of 2008 - 9 – only 500 or 600 are still operating .
In their place there has sprung up a flourishing pirate industry bringing in goods through tunnels to Egypt .
" We are now a nation of tunnel diggers , " said economist Omar Shaban .
" The tunnels were seen as a tool to overcome the hardship .
Now they have become socially , politically and morally acceptable . "
There is a black market in most countries , he added , but it normally does n't exceed 10 % of the total economy .
" Ours is now entirely black . "
The tunnel entrepreneurs – " young men , who used be poor and now are rich , " said Kuhail dismissively – are the new elite of Gaza , supplanting the old guard , buying up land , building new houses with smuggled concrete and generally swaggering around Gaza City .
" These emerging families who have never been in business before now have the upper hand over our economy , " said Shaban .
Initially , the traditional businessmen shunned the upstarts .
" Then they began to realise they were losing power and influence , " said Shaban .
" Now you begin to see a connection between the tunnel men and the old legitimate businessmen .
They are crossing the line . "
Some are investing directly , some are servicing the tunnels through related businesses such as haulage , he said .
But there is also another player on the scene : Hamas .
Starved of funds after both Israel and the Fatah regime in the West Bank withheld tax revenues , the rulers of Gaza saw an opportunity for income and control .
Tunnel owners are now required to pay hundreds of dollars for licenses , giving Hamas badly needed revenue and the entrepreneurs a veneer of political legitimacy .
Earlier this year , Hamas imposed taxes on smuggled goods , including fuel , to help pay its burgeoning salary bill .
But Hamas also understood that if unchecked , the tunnel operators ' influence would grow .
" The people who own the economy also own the political influence , " said Shaban .
By controlling the tunnels , said Mkhaimar Abusada , professor of political science at Gaza 's Al - Azhar university , " Hamas has turned the siege to its own advantage .
Instead of being squeezed by the blockade , Hamas has become stronger and more powerful . "
The net result is the legitimate businesses of Gaza have all but disappeared , dismantled by Israel 's siege policy or destroyed in its military offensives , rendering impossible a normal functioning society or state .
Their place has been taken by what some call a new Islamic oligarchy – an alliance between Hamas and the pirate entrepreneurs .
Many question whether this is in the interests of either Israel or the west , which has , until the past week at least , failed convincingly to agitate against the blockade .
Abusada says the policy has backfired against Israel and its allies .
" Instead of weakening Hamas , it has consolidated its grip and its power over the Gaza Strip , " he said .
" Hamas has already won the battle of the siege . "
Linux only : Previously mentioned F.lux has become a favorite among insomnia sufferers for reducing the harshness of your monitor late at night .
Free application RedShift achieves the same goal for Linux users , decreasing your color 's temperature as it becomes darker outside .
Advertisement
You will need a little bit of command line work to get RedShift up and running , but it 's nothing most Linux users can't handle .
First , add ppa:jonls / redshift - ppa to your software sources list ( through System > Administration > Software Sources in Ubuntu ) and install RedShift in Synaptic .
To get it running , you 'll have to launch it from a terminal , with a few flags to let it know your geographic location ( the new version is supposed to do this automatically , but it did n't work for me ) .
Find out your latitude and longitude by clicking on the clock in the menu bar and editing your location .
Ubuntu should give you your coordinates automatically .
Advertisement
Then , type the following command in terminal , using your latitude and longitude separated with a colon :
gtk-redshift -l 42.2:83.7
I found RedShift 's default temperature levels much too extreme , so you can also edit those by adding the -t flag followed by the values ( in the form of day : night ) .
For example , for a more subtle change , you could try :
gtk-redshift -l 42.2:83.7 -t 6500:5500
You 'll have to play around with the numbers a bit to find one that works for you .
The lower the number , the more red it will get — 6500 being no tint at all .
To make RedShift start up when your computer does , you can easily do so by going to System > Preferences > Startup Programs and adding a new program .
Name it whatever you want and type the above command ( using your settings ) in the command box .
Yes , F.lux does have a Linux version called xflux , and both xflux and RedShift have their quirks .
What 's great about RedShift is that you do n't have to compile the source yourself , and it also has an icon in the menu bar from which you can quickly disable or quit it ( for you graphic designers out there ) .
Hit the link to check it out , and let us know what you think ( or which program you prefer ) in the comments .
RedShift [ via OMGUbuntu ]
American General Stanley McChrystal was recently relieved of command by President Obama , for disparaging comments he made about the administration .
He was the latest U.S. general to be sacked for crossing the Commander In Chief .
Here , in alphabetical order , is a list of other generals from history who got into trouble of varying severity with their superiors .
10 Belisarius
Belisarius was the greatest Byzantine general , under the greatest Byzantine emperor , Justinian I .
He fought many battles against the Persians and Bulgars , helped reconquer much of Italy , and put down the Nike rebellion at home .
He fell out of favor with Justinian , in part because he overstepped his authority in parleying with the Goths .
He stood trial on spurious charges , but was protected by influential family connections .
He was later pardoned by Justinian , and spent his final years in peace .
There is no truth to the legend that Belisarius was blinded by Justinian , and died as a beggar on the streets of Constantinople .
9 Thomas Conway
Thomas Conway was a French general ( of Irish birth ) who served on the American side in the Revolutionary War .
In October of 1777 , George Washington strongly opposed the promotion of Conway to be major - general , on the ground that it was unjust to the abler and older American officers .
He felt that Conway was a general of no particular distinction , and somewhat of a braggart .
However , the Continental Congress refused Conway ’s proferred resignation , and the defeats Washington suffered that year caused Conway to ally himself with the victor of Saratoga , General Gates , in attempts to oust Washington as top commander .
After a series of intrigues and personality clashes too long to summarize , but collectively known as the “ Conway Cabal ” , Conway ’s disrespect of Washington finally angered Congress to the point where Conway ’s resignation in 1778 was accepted , much to his chagrin .
After a duel , when he thought he was dying , he wrote Washington a complete apology for all the injury he had done to him .
He recovered and served with the French army overseas , and later supported the Royalist side in the French Revolution .
8 William “ Fox ” Fallon
In early 2007 , U.S. Navy Admiral William Fallon became the central commander of American troops in the Middle East , including Iraq and Afghanistan .
This was the first time a naval commander had held this post .
From 2003 - 2005 , Fallon had served as the commander of Fleet Forces Command .
He then served as head of the U.S. Pacific command from 2005 to 2007 .
In this post , Fallon was commander of all the American forces stationed in the Pacific , a total of 300,000 military personnel .
However , in 2008 he allowed himself to be profiled by an opponent of the Bush administration in Esquire magazine .
In it , he was portrayed as deploring the Bush administration ’s perceived saber - rattling towards Iran .
Even though he denied a rift with the President , and deplored the article as “ poison pen stuff ” , he resigned his post .
Defense Secretary Gates accepted his resignation , and in a press conference said that the “ cumulative ” effect of Fallon ’s outspokenness had become a distraction .
7 Kara Mustafa
Kara Mustafa Pasha served as captain of the fleet , vizier in the State Council , and deputy grand vizier in the Ottoman Empire , in the 17th century .
Succeeding Faz?l Ahmed Pasha as grand vizier , he led unsuccessful campaigns against Poland and then Russia .
Meanwhile , a Hungarian revolt against Habsburg rule in 1678 allowed Kara Mustafa Pasha to move against Austria .
The Ottoman army , under his command , laid siege to Vienna ( July 17 –Sept. 12 , 1683 ) .
Overconfident , he did not exploit early military openings , or even entrench his forces , instead spending more time pursuing the delights of the flesh in his personal compound .
Consequently , the Ottoman army was surprised , and defeated by an Austrian - Polish relief force under John III Sobieski , king of Poland .
The siege was lifted , and the Ottomans never again threatened so deeply into Europe .
The penalty for failure for the Ottoman commander was harsh .
Although he blamed and executed scores of his own officers , Kara Mustafa Pasha was strangled with a silken cord , as befitted a high - ranking malefactor , at Belgrade that same year on orders from the sultan .
His head was brought to the sultan on a silver dish .
6 Douglas MacArthur
Possibly the greatest prima donna of World War II , MacArthur ’s vanity was legendary .
He had a Filipino silversmith hammer out a five - star collar emblem , using Filipino , Dutch and Australian silver coins supplied by his aides , when he was promoted to a five - star general , rather than wait for the real stars to arrive in the military mail .
His ego only grew during his next posting , as Allied commander during the Korean War .
His brilliant landing at Inchon saved the South from being overrun by the communist North .
But he blundered in not anticipating China ’s entry into the war , and in publicly disagreeing with President Harry Truman over strategy .
“ I ’m going to fire the son a bitch right now , ” Truman declared .
But such was MacArthur ’s prestige and popularity , Truman had to proceed very diplomatically , and even so his own standing with the public took a sizable hit .
MacArthur ’s standing was such that he gave a farewell address to Congress , which included the famous line “ Old soldiers never die , they just fade away . ”
5 George McClellan
As an organizer and logistician , Union General George Brinton McClellan was a godsend to the Army of the Potomac , early in the American Civil War .
The scholarly , well - traveled veteran of the Mexican War and former instructor at West Point was just what the Union , stunned by unexpected defeats by the Confederacy , needed to whip its forces into trim .
Even though McClellan himself had been mauled by Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee in the Seven Days Battle , his assumption of command from the defeated General Pope was met with enthusiasm .
Unfortunately , he was unused to supreme command .
He was as overcautious in the field as he was meticulous behind the lines , time and again allowing Lee to slip away .
He complained of lack of support , and consistently overestimated the enemy ’s strength .
President Abraham Lincoln began to lose patience with him , sending increasingly tart orders for him to get moving : “ Are you not overcautious when you assume that you cannot do what the enemy is constantly doing ? ” “ I beg to assure you that I have never written you , or spoken to you , in greater kindness of feeling than now , nor with a fuller purpose to sustain you , so far as in my most anxious judgment , I consistently can .
But you must act . ”
Finally , he was relieved and replaced by General Burnside .
He ran and lost against Lincoln for President in 1864 , later served as governor of New Jersey , and died of heart failure in 1885
4 Musa bin Nusair
Musa bin Nusair was an Arab from what is now southwestern Saudi Arabia .
He was one of the greatest commanders of the Arabian age of conquest , most famously capturing Morocco and invading Spain , conquering it for Islam .
He landed on the Iberian peninsula in tandem with an army led by his subordinate–and rival –Tariq bin Ziyad in the early 8th century AD .
For the next several years he campaigned successfully , amassing a fantastic amount of treasure and captives .
He and Tariq were called back to Damascus by the caliph , al Walid I .
They were celebrated as conquering heroes by the people .
But al - Walid died soon after , and was succeeded by his brother Sulayman ibd al - Malik .
Sulayman demanded that Musa turn over his treasure , and , when he objected , Musa was stripped of his rank and turned out into the streets .
His son was beheaded on Sulayman ’s orders .
He was reported to have spent time as a beggar outside a mosque , and he died , old and broken , while performing the pilgrimage to Mecca .
3 Erwin Rommel
“ We have a very daring and skillful opponent against us , and , may I say across the havoc of war , a great general , ” said Winston Churchill , in acknowledgment of the formidable gifts of Nazi Germany ’s greatest general , Erwin Rommel .
His skillful implementation of Heinz Guderian ’s blitzkrieg enabled the Wehrmacht to swiftly overrun France , and nearly drive the British from North Africa .
It was in the latter theater , far from the meddling interference of Hitler , that Rommel earned his nickname “ The Desert Fox ” , for his daring and innovative tactics .
But by the time of the Allied invasion of France in 1944 , Rommel was disillusioned with the war , and with Hitler .
He was implicated in the July plot on Hitler ’s life , but was too popular with the public to move against openly .
When he was injured in an Allied strafing attack on his car , the Gestapo gave him an ultimatum : to commit suicide or he would be tried publicly along with his family .
He chose suicide , and his death was attributed to the airplane attack .
He was given a fallen hero ’s sendoff , that made excellent grist for the Nazi propaganda mill .
2 John K. Singlaub
General Singlaub was a veteran of World War II , Korea and Vietnam .
He was one of the Operation Jedburgh parachute commandos who worked behind the lines with the French Resistance in August 1944 .
In early 1977 , when he was chief of staff of U.S. forces in South Korea , he publicly criticized President Carter ’s plan to draw down troop levels in Sthat country .
Carter fired him for the breach of discipline on March 21 , 1977 .
Singlaub went on to participate in a number of anti-communist organizations in the Eighties .
1 Mikhail Tukhachevsky
Mikhail Nikolayevich Tukhachevsky was a Marshal Of The Soviet Union , and a gifted military theorist .
He was decorated for bravery while serving in tsarist Russia ’s army during World War One .
He rose to command during the Russian Civil War , carrying out the final Red offensives , and suppressed the sailors ’ revolt at Kronstadt in March , 1921 .
He also quite ruthlessly quashed a number of peasant revolts in the 1920s .
He ran afoul of Joseph Stalin during the 1920 war between Russia and Poland , each blaming the other for Russia ’s defeat .
Never one to give up a grudge , Stalin framed Tukhachevsky as a Trotskyite conspirator , and had him tried , convicted and executed in 1937 .
His advanced military ideas came back into favor after the initial disasters of the Nazi invasion of Russia in 1941 , and Tukhachevsky himself was posthumously rehabilitated in 1963 .
+ Konstantin Konstantinovich Rokossovsky
Konstantin Konstantinovich
Rokossovsky was one of the generals who became a victim of Stalin ’s purge of the Red Army in the late 1930s .
His support for the ideas of Marshal Tukhachevsky undoubtedly helped land him in hot water .
He was tortured and imprisoned , but unlike so many of his colleagues he was not executed .
Even more atypically , he was released and reinstated in a military post in 1940 .
He rose to high command after the German invasion , and famously escaped with his life after stubbornly disagreeing with Stalin over a matter of strategy .
He served to the end of the war , linking up with British General Montgomery , while General Zhukov ’s forces captured Berlin .
Introduction :
With the price of oil steadily climbing and President Obama ’s promise to open up more of the United State ’s Coastline to offshore oil and gas drilling , I thought it would be fun to explain how oil and gas wells are drilled in the ultra - deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico and beyond .
My goal is to make this series as non-technical as possible so that anyone will be able to understand the basic concepts , challenges , expenses , environmental impacts , and financial risks of drilling offshore oil and gas wells .
If you have any questions on the basics of drilling offshore oil and gas wells , please do n’t hesitate to ask a question in the comment box at the end of this article !
How Oil Companies Decide Where to Drill Offshore Oil and Gas Wells :
When it comes to deciding where to drill an offshore oil or gas well , oil companies look at a variety of information and then make an “ educated guess ” on where the best spot might be to begin drilling .
First , an oil company will hire a survey boat ( seismic survey vessel ) to scan underneath the sea floor to look at the various rock and sediment formations in the ground .
Scientists on the survey boat fire sound waves from a “ gun ” towed several miles behind the boat .
The sound waves reflect off the various layers of ground underneath the sea bed and echo back to the survey boat .
High tech computers on board the survey boat are able to turn these reflected sound waves into an image showing the various features of the earth directly below .
Geologists who specialize in identifying oil and gas look at these images to see if there are any areas where oil might be present .
As this technology has improved over the years , survey boats are able to create 3 - D images of the ground which has significantly improved the geologists ’ ability to identify potential oil deposits .
Environmentalist argue that sound waves used by these survey vessels adversely affects marine life , and there are currently many studies underway to quantify their concerns .
Although I sympathize with the activists and more importantly the animals , my personal opinion is these sound waves are nothing more than a momentary nuisance to the marine life .
The Success Rate for Drilling Offshore Oil Wells :
As technology has advanced , and our understanding of oil geology has improved , oil companies are getting much better at finding producible oil reservoirs in the ground .
Two decades ago nearly one out of eight exploratory ( or wildcat ) oil wells was successful .
Today nearly 1 in 3 of all exploratory oil and gas wells are successful .
Its a good thing too !
As wells are drilled in deeper water , and deeper into the earth , an offshore oil well may cost $ 70,000,000 or more to drill !
Once a well has been successfully drilled , an oil company may spend an additional half billion dollars to get the oil back to a refinery .
How Oil Companies get Permission to Drill in a Particular Area :
The United States has exclusive rights over any oil or gas found up to 200 miles from it ’s coastlines .
In areas where this 20o mile “ economic zone ” overlaps another country ’s economic zone ( such as the case with Mexico in the Gulf of Mexico ) , the overlapping zones are split evenly between the two countries .
In the Gulf of Mexico ( and other areas of the world ) the seafloor is divided into rectangular “ blocks ” approximately 2 or 3 miles square .
There are thousands of these blocks in the Gulf and any company wanting to drill within a particular block must own the mineral rights to do so .
So how do they get the rights you might ask ?
On the United States ’ side of the Gulf of Mexico , the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) is responsible for overseeing all offshore oil and gas drilling including leasing the mineral rights to these blocks .
MMS is a bureau of the Department of the Interior and collects over $ 5 Billion in revenue each year from the sale of inland and offshore oil and gas leases .
When oil companies decide they want to drill in a particular block , they must first make sure no one else owns the rights .
To manage this , MMS has periodic auctions for any unleased land eligible to be drilled on .
Oil companies can submit their bids to MMS to drill in a particular block and if they are the highest bidder , they are usually given the right to do so .
The higher the probability that oil exsists on the block , the more an oil company is willing to bid on the lease .
As an example of how high these bids can get , Anadarko and Mariner Energy recently paid over $ 52,000,000 for one single block ( Walker Ridge 793 ) in the Gulf of Mexico .
The Different Types of Offshore Oil Drilling Rigs :
Once an oil company obtains the rights to drill within a particular lease area , they must find an oil rig that is capable of drilling the well .
As the search for oil has expanded into deeper and deeper water , oil rigs have become larger and more sophisticated , and the people operating them are highly skilled .
It ’s interesting to point out that most major oil companies do not own their own oil drilling rigs .
Instead , they outsource the job of actually drilling the oil well to a drilling contractor who has the people , equipment , and expertise to drill oil wells in the safest , most efficient , and environmentally friendly way possible .
The largest of these oil drilling contractors is Transocean , but Diamond Drilling , Pride , Frontier , and Sea - Drill also have a large presence in the industry .
There are several different types of oil drilling rigs .
I ’ll give you a brief overview here but the two major types involved in deepwater offshore drilling are the last two .
Jackups :
Jackup oil rigs are limited to shallow water drilling ( typically less than 300 feet ) .
As their name suggests , these units are towed to a prospective drilling lease and then “ jacked up ” into position .
A jackup typically has three or four long legs ( up to 350 feet high ) that run through the hull up into the air .
Once the jackup is over the proposed well location , each leg is jacked down to the sea - floor until they support the weight of the entire unit lifting it out of the water .
Once the weight of the barge is fully supported and the unit begins to rise out of the water , the legs are jacked down further until the unit is 10 - 40 ′ in the air .
When all safety checks are complete , and the unit is found to be secured , the unit will switch to drilling mode and begin drilling the well .
Semi-Submersibles :
Semi-submersibles are what most people think of when they hear the term oil rig .
The oil rig shown in the beginning of the movie “ Armageddon ” was a semi-submersible .
So why is this type of oil rig called a semi-submersible ?
Well , once these units are over the proposed well drilling location , they flood their huge ballast tanks with seawater and partially submerge below the surface of the water .
What you typically do not see is that most semi-submersibles are built with two huge pontoons on the bottom .
These pontoons are what provides the buoyancy to keep the unit floating .
Since the majority of a semi- submersibles buoyancy is located well beneath the surface of the water , semi-submersibles are very stable even in 10 - 20 foot seas .
Semi-submersibles can maintain their position over a proposed oil or gas well two separate ways .
The traditional method of keeping a semi-submersible on location is through the use of anchors .
Up two twelve anchors are run out away from the unit and set on the ocean floor .
The tension in the anchor chain or cable is increased by use of a large winch and once the oil rig is positioned over the well , only a few minor adjustments need to be made to keep the unit on location .
Semi-submersibles were typically limited to drilling in water depths less than 2000 feet , but today ’s advanced semi-submersibles can be anchored in water depths over 8,000′ .
The second method of keeping a semi-submersible on location is through whats called a dynamic positioning system or “ DP ” system .
With a DP system , the semi- submersible uses position information from high tech GPS systems and radio beacons on the ocean floor to constantly monitor its position .
If the DP computer detects that the oil rig is drifting off location ( either from the wind , waves , or current ) , huge thrusters underneath the rig will apply thrust to push it back over the well .
It ’s not unusual for a modern dynamically positioned oil rig to stay within 5 feet of a wellhead more than a mile below the surface of the water over a 24 hour period .
While semi-submersibles have the advantage of being very stable in rough environments , they are somewhat limited by the amount of equipment and supplies they are able to store on board .
Drillships :
Over the last 15 years , drillships have been built to meet the growing demand for highly capable ultra - deepwater drilling rigs .
Built on traditional ship bodies , these drilling rigs are massive in size and can stretch nearly 3 football fields in length .
Although they are not quite as stable as semi-submersibles , drillships more than make up for it with an a much larger storage capacity .
Today ’s generations of deepwater drillships use the dynamic positioning system ( mentioned above ) for maintaining their position .
Drillships are capable of working for extended periods without the need for constant resupplying .
Another benefit of a drillship ( especially those operating in the Gulf of Mexico ) , is their speed and maneuverability .
Where most semi-submersibles are evacuated and left to the mercy of the environment when a hurricane approaches , drillships can secure their operation and sail out of harms way .
This simple facted alone has saved oil companies 10’s of millions of dollars over the last 5 hurricane seasons .
The First Step : “ Spud - In ”
It ’s taken a lot of work to get to this point but we are now ready to begin drilling our “ hypothetical ” oil well .
We ’ve decided where to drill our well and leased the mineral rights from MMS , we ’ve looked at the success rates for drilling an offshore oil well , and we ’ve decided on what type of oil rig to use to drill our well ( for the sake of this article , we ’ll be using a drillship ) .
The first step in actually drilling a well is called “ spudding in “ .
When drilling oil wells in deep water ( >1000 ′ ) , this involves forcing 300 - 400 feet of 36 ” diameter metal tubing called “ casing ” into the ground .
This 36 ″ diameter casing will form the backbone of the well and provide the support we ’ll need for the remaining phases in our well construction plan .
The 36 ″ casing is lowered to the seafloor by “ drill pipe ” .
Each section of drill pipe is anywhere from 30 - 45 feet long and about 6 ″ in diameter .
The drill pipe is connected end to end and gradually lowered down into the well and back up to the surface as needed .
To help speed up the time connecting hundreds of sections of drill pipe together every time you want to lower a drill bit , casing , or other piece of equipment into the well , the drill pipe is stored in the derrick three or for sections at a time .
This saves the drilling companies time and money .
Each section of drill pipe is called a “ joint “ , and when two or more “ joints ” connected and “ racked back ” in the derrick they are then called a “ stand “ .
Fancy Drilling Lingo :
Joint : One section of drill pipe .
Stand :
Two or more sections of drill pipe “ racked back ” in the derrick .
Racking Back : The process of storing one or more “ stands ” of drill pipe in the derrick .
Because the seafloor in the Gulf of Mexico is covered in a deep layer of loose sediment ( deposited by the Mississippi River ) , you do n’t really need to “ drill ” the 36 ″ casing into the ground .
In most cases , pumping sea-water through the end of the casing using the ships massive pumps is all you need to do to get the pipe to settle into the ground .
As the casing gets deeper and deeper into the ground , some rigs use giant “ hammers ” to pound the casing into the ground to the desired depth .
When the 36 ″ casing is set to the correct depth , we unlatch the drill pipe from it and pull the drill pipe back to the surface so that we can get the next section of casing and proceed to step 2 of our well drilling program .
The Second Step : Drilling a Hole for Second String of Casing
The next step in our well drilling plan is to lower a drill bit down inside the 36 ″ casing we just set into the seafloor .
Once the drill bit enters inside the 36 ″ casing we ’ll drill 2000 - 3000 ′ into the ground .
We need to make sure the bit we are using is large enough so that we can run our next section of “ casing ” into the ground ( running the casing inside the 36 ″ casing ) .
Although my picture above of a “ drill bit ” cutting through the earth is a little crude ( I ’m not a very good artist ) , I ’ll do my best to explain how the drill bit actually cuts through the earth .
As you can see ( sort of ) in my lovely drawing , the drill bit is connected to the drill pipe which runs all the way back to the surface of the water to the drill ship .
As the bit is rotated in the well bore ( the hole that is cut into the ground ) , high pressure drilling fluids called “ mud ” is pumped down the center of the drill pipe and out through nozzles in the drilling bit .
The drilling fluid is represented by the solid red coloring in the drawing above .
As the drill bit cuts away at the rock formations , the drilling fluid then carries the chipped rock pieces ( represented in yellow ) out of the hole to prevent them from building up on the bottom of the well .
Drilling fluid , or “ mud ” as it is referred to on a drilling rig , has several other important functions besides clearing out rock bits from around the bit .
First , it keep the bit cool as it turn through layer after layer of hard rock formations .
Second , it keeps the bit and the drill pipe lubricated to help keep it from getting stuck in the ground .
Perhaps most importantly , the “ mud ” helps prevent the well from caving in or “ taking a kick ” .
This is a very dangerous occurrence which we ’ll talk about more in a little while .
After you ’ve drilled deep enough to “ run ” your 22 ″ casing , you bring the drill bit and all the drill pipe back to the surface and then begin lowering the 22 ″ casing back down to the seafloor .
Using an underwater Remotely Operated Vehicle ( ROV ) , we are able to line the 22 ″ casing up so that it will pass through the 36 ″ casing and into the freshly drilled hole .
This second section of casing we are installing ( the 22 ″ casing ) is usually between 1000 ′ to 3000 ′ in length .
The Third Step : Cementing the First Two Casing Sections in Place
Once the 22 ″ casing is set inside the 36 ″ casing , the two different sized casings are cemented in place .
This is accomplished by pumping cement down the drill pipe ( represented in yellow in the picture below ) and out through a special nozzle on the end of the pipe .
This is a very critical step in the operation .
The cement must be mixed very carefully and every effort is made to ensure the nozzle is lowered to the correct position inside the casing .
Once the cement has been pumped down the drill pipe and back up around the sides of the casing ( filling in the space between the casing and the drilled well hole ( see picture above ) it takes anywhere from 4 - 12 hours for it to harden up or “ set ” .
If a mistake is made during the cementing operation , it can be very costly to fix .
The Fourth Step : Connecting the Blowout Preventer ( BOP ) and Marine Riser On Top of the Well Head
Formations in the ground are under tremendous pressure .
When you are drilling in areas where oil , water , or gas may be present , there is a possibility this pressure may escape out through the well you are drilling .
When this happens its called a “ blow out ” .
In some ways , the concept is very similar to popping a balloon .
Think of the air inside the balloon as a formation of oil .
When you poke through the surface of the “ formation ” , the air escapes out the hole and more often than not , the balloon violently explodes .
To control these formation pressures , a large underwater control valve called a Blowout Preventer ( BOP ) is placed on top of the wellhead .
This is why its very important to have run the first two sections of casing and properly cemented them in place .
The BOP sits directly on top of the wellhead on the ocean floor .
In the event a blowout or “ kick ” occurs , giant valves inside the BOP can seal off the well keeping any oil , gas , and any excessive pressure contained within the ground .
If not for the blow out preventer , oil and gas would escape directly to the sea causing tremendous damage to the environment .
Ensuring the BOPs are properly maintained and tested is one of the highest priorities of both the drilling contractor and the oil company involved in drilling the well .
BOP testing is also closely watched by the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) mentioned at the beginning of this series .
The BOP is rigidly connected to the drilling rig by way of marine riser .
Drill pipe can be lowered down through the marine riser , through the BOP , into the wellhead , and then down into the well to drill deeper into the ground .
As the drilling fluid or mud is pumped through the drill pipe and out through the drill bit , it circulates all the way around up through the marine riser back to the oil rig .
As mentioned earlier drilling fluid helps clear the rock bits or “ cuttings ” that are constantly being chipped away as the drill bit drills deeper into the ground .
Marine riser allows these “ cuttings ” to be brought back up to the oil rig to be collected and disposed of .
In the drawing above , you can see the drilling fluid ( red ) being pumped down the drill pipe .
Once the drilling fluid or “ mud ” shoots out of the nozzles in the drill bit , it returns back up the marine riser ( green ) in the space between the drill pipe and the inner wall of the marine riser .
This is especially helpful to the environment to prevent any contaminated cuttings from affecting the local marine life .
Once the mud returns to the drilling rig , the cuttings are filtered out and the mud is reused .
Being able to reuse drilling mud is very important because it can be extremely expensive to buy .
Oil companies can spend millions of dollars for drilling fluid or “ mud ” on every well they drill .
Who knew that playing with mud could be so lucrative ?
Why are Blow Out Prevents ( BOPs ) and Marine Riser so Important :
We talked a little bit about Blow - Out Preventers and Marine Riser in the last few paragraphs .
Now its time to explain why this equipment is so important to the overall well drilling operation .
As we mentioned above , oil well blowouts or “ kicks ” as they are sometimes called , are uncontrolled releases of pressure from underground formations into the well hole or “ well bore “ .
These “ blow - outs ” are not only bad for the well , but they can be extremely bad for the drilling rig and everyone on board if they are not properly dealt with .
Many oil rig workers have lost their lives to explosions and fires when uncontrolled gases from blow - outs escaped from the well up to the surface of the water .
It is essential that everyone involved in the drilling operation is certified in well control techniques .
Read more on IWCF and IADC Well Control training .
Drilling fluid is much heavier than sea water .
In some cases it can be more than twice as heavy as seawater .
This is helpful when drilling a well because it ’s weight creates enough pressure to keep any pressure in the oil or gas formation from escaping back up through the well .
The heavier the drilling fluid you use when drilling a well , the less likely you are to have formation pressure escaping back up into the well and up your marine riser .
On the other hand , if the drilling fluid you are drilling with is too heavy , you run the risk of breaking or cracking the well .
When this happens , your drilling fluid begins leaking out into the underground formation .
This is also very bad , because without being able to circulate the mud back up through the marine riser , you will be unable to drill any deeper .
As the well is drilled deeper and deeper , the mud weight operating window gets smaller and smaller .
The Fifth Step : Drilling the Remaining Sections of the Well
The remaining sections of the well are drilled the same way as the 22 ″ casing was drilled in the earlier step only now the cuttings and mud are circulated back up to the drillship to be processed .
The drill crews will drill deeper into the ground so that the next section of casing can be run and cemented into place .
There is no set limit on how long each section of casing will be , this decision is left up to the drilling engineers that have closely analyzed the survey data and any data from nearby or “ offset ” wells .
As the drill bit continues to make its way towards the oil or “ pay zone ” , the drilling crew closely monitors the amount of fluid in the storage tanks as well as the pressure of the formation to ensure that the well is now experiencing a blow - out or kick .
If it is determine that the well is experiencing a “ blow - out ” or kick , the Blow Out Preventer ( BOP ) control valves are closed off and the drill crew must take measure to stabilize the well .
To stabilize a well that has experienced a “ kick ” , the drill crew is usually able to control it by pumping heavier drilling fluids into the well to “ force ” the kicked pressure back into the formation .
Determining if a Well has a Produceable Amount of Oil or Gas :
Once the geologists are happy with the depth of the well , a series of test called “ logs ” will be conducted to determine how much oil and gas ( if any ) is present in the formation .
The process is called logging because the information is “ logged ” into a database as it is collected .
This is accomplished by sending high tech measurement devices into the hole that can detect various features of the formation .
Using a combination of sound wave tools , electrical wave tools , and radiation measurement instruments , geologist are able to take readings inside the well which will assist them in determining the presence of oil .
However , just because there is oil or gas at the bottom of the well does n’t always mean it is worthwhile to pump it out .
Oil companies must decide whether the amount of oil present in the formation is worth investing hundreds of millions of dollars in additional equipment to pump it out and back to a refinery .
In some instances , an oil company may decide to “ test flow ” a well to help determine how much oil is there .
When test flowing a well , oil is allowed to flow up from the well into storage tanks .
The pressure is recorded and if it remains at certain levels over a certain amount of time , the oil companies may decide that investing more money to “ produce ” the well is worth the costs .
Conclusion :
As you can see , the process of drilling an oil well ( even when boiled down to the most basic elements ) is very complicated and there are many opportunities for things to go wrong .
Oil companies can invest over $ 100,000,000 in a single well only to find out there is no oil present .
There are substantial risks involved with drilling an oil well , but the rewards can be tremendous .
One successful oil well can easily cover the expenses of multiple dry wells ( sometimes referred to as dusters ) .
By no means is this article intended to be a comprehensive guide into the various challenges and risks of drilling offshore oil and gas wells , but I hope that it has given you at least a basic appreciation of how they are drilled .
Thanks to all of you who comment on this article !
Comments are now closed !
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday appealed for restraint from all parties involved in the ongoing saga surrounding a segregated girls ' school in the West Bank settlement of Immanuel .
Open gallery view Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Credit : Emil Salman
" At this critical moment , when Israel faces existential threats from our enemies , I call on all sides in the matter to show restraint , respect the law and solve the problem peacefully and amicably , " Netanyahu said in a statement .
Israel Police are preparing for mass demonstrations on Thursday by ultra-Orthodox Jews , who plan to protest the High Court of Justice ruling two days earlier that threatened to jail defiant parents who refuse to desegregate the ultra-Orthodox Beit Yaakov school .
Police plan to deploy 10,000 officers across Israel in an effort to curb violence and keep the peace .
The High Court had earlier in the year instructed the school to figure out a way to run classes for both Ashkenazi and Sephardi girls without segregating them .
Jerusalem District Police Chief Aharon Franco on Wednesday approved a request from an ultra-Orthodox umbrella group to stage a protest in Jerusalem on Thursday in the wake of the High Court ruling .
Police will allow 20,000 demonstrators to gather in Jerusalem .
The protest is planned to start at 1:30 P.M. on Yirmiyahu Street , from which the protesters will march to the jail within the city 's Russian compound , where the defiant parents will be detained if they refuse to implement the court ruling to desegregate the school .
The demonstrators ' procession is expected to pass through Yirmiyahu Street , Bar Ilan junction , Shmuel HaNavi and Shivtei Israel Streets on to Zmora Street , where the protest will be held .
Alternate streets in the surrounding area will be closed from 1 P.M. until 5 P.M .
On Tuesday , the panel of justices headed by Edmond Levy ruled that the parents , all Ashkenazim , must notify the court by Wednesday of their intention to implement an earlier High Court ruling that required their daughters to share classrooms and teachers with peers of Sephardi origin .
Failure to do so would result in a two - week jail term .
Police Commissioner David Cohen was expected to conduct a briefing on Wednesday to present ways to enforce the High Court ruling .
" The police are urging ultra-Orthodox community leaders to show responsibility and ask their community to exhibit restraint , " a police spokesperson said .
Throughout the day on Wednesday mediators worked to get the Education Ministry , petitioners from the Noar Kahalacha nonprofit organization , which appealed to the High Court , and the parents to reach a compromise .
The discussions have focused mostly on reaching a deal to be implemented during the next school year and on the parents ' request to open a new school in the settlement that would get limited government funding but be more autonomous .
Shas spiritual leader Rabbi Ovadia Yosef ' shocked '
Meanwhile , Shas spiritual leader Rabbi Ovadia Yosef on Wednesday made his first comments about the High Court ruling , saying , " I am shocked by the petition to the court . "
Rabbi Ovadia , whose son Rabbi Ya'akov
Yosef is one of the petitioners against the school , is to decide Thursday whether to join the join the protests against the High Court ruling .
Earlier on Wednesday , a heated debate took place in the Knesset about the segregated school , one day after the High Court ruling on the matter .
MK Moshe Gafni ( United Torah Judaism ) , who met with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman , told the Knesset : " We , the ultra - Orthodox community , will not respect rulings , not of lower courts and not of the High Court , that contradict the Torah . "
Gafni went on to say that there is an opportunity to prevent the parents from being jailed .
" These pictures [ of the parents being jailed ] will be published worldwide and there will be no escape from thinking about what happened in other countries at other times when ultra-Orthodox Jews with side locks and beards went to jail . "
Education Minister Gideon Sa'ar told the Knesset that court rulings must be respected , even when one disagrees with their content .
" I still this issue will be resolved , " Sa'ar said .
" I think the solution is n't that difficult or complex , especially since we are talking about a school year that ends in two weeks .
I do n't see a reason not to implement this ruling . "
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
1,000 Mexican Recipes
I was 18 when I first tasted pancake “ noodles . ”
They were made by Rachel Levy , my husband ’s Yemen - born mother , in her kitchen in Givatayim .
Rachel called her creation fatta maftutah , based on the words fatteh or fatta – Middle Eastern dishes made with pieces of bread .
First she made crepe - like pancakes from a batter of flour , water and eggs .
Next she cut them in strips and returned them to the skillet with beaten eggs .
She heated the mixture in butter while stirring until the eggs were set and coated the noodle - like pancake strips .
Yakir and his siblings loved it sprinkled with sugar , but I preferred mine with a bit of salt .
It was a wonderful supper .
For me the dish was unique .
I had no ideathat I would enjoy its delicious cousins in cuisines from Sri Lankan toMexican .
One of its relatives is called kottu roti and was the highlight of thefood offerings at the Sri Lanka festival in Santa Monica , California .
The name means cut - up roti , an Indian flat bread , sauteed with cookedvegetables , beaten eggs , cooked lentils and a peppery sauce .
As soon aswe tasted it , we thought of fatta maftutah .
Mexican chilaquiles have the same effect on us .
This spicy breakfastdish is based on corn tortillas – flat breads made of cornmeal – thatare fried in strips with a savory chili - based sauce .
Often the mixtureis enriched with a little meat , or topped with cheese or sour cream , and might be scrambled with eggs or accompanied by fried eggs .
What these dishes have in common is their form .
If you pare them downto basics , they are composed of sauteed strips of flat bread and eggs .
These are the main elements , and any additions , whether spicy or sweet , whether an elaborate sauce or a sprinkling of salt or sugar , are theresimply as flavorings .
At a South Indian restaurant we sampled masala paratha , made of flatbread cubes fried with eggs and a light savory sauce spiced withginger , garlic , cumin and chilies .
To save time at home , some Indiansmake it from toasted frozen parathas – layered flat breads similar to Yemenite melawah .
We savored stir - fried pancakes at a Mandarin restaurant .
They are madelike stir - fried noodles , with Chinese pancake strips substituted forthe noodles , sauteed with a bit of meat , eggs and green onions andmoistened lightly with soy - based sauce .
Italians cut crespelle , their version of crepes , into noodles and treatthem like pasta , combining them with spinach and cheese , or heatingthem in a quick sauce of butter , sugar , citrus juice and jam fordessert .
German Kaiserschmarren is composed of pancakes made from abatter lightened with whipped egg whites .
After being torn in stripswith two forks , the pancakes are browned in butter .
To me , no matter how different their ingredients , all are variations ofour family favorite – comfort food at its best .
You could use anypancakes , crepes or flat breads you have to come up with your ownconcoctions .
I find the texture of the sauteed pancakes most enjoyablewhen I use the additional elements with a light hand .
At Curry Bowl , aSri Lankan restaurant in Tarzana , California , my husband likes thekottu roti enhanced with generous amounts of chicken coconut curry , while I prefer the basic vegetable version .
They are now serving akottu roti special , a sort of compose - your - own kottu roti by choosingamong a variety of fish and meats to make into a curry .
I ca n’t wait totry it .
My sister in law , Hedva Cohen , who now makes fatta maftutah for her children and grandchildren , told me that some people make a similar dish , called egg fatout , by thawing frozen jahnun ( the rolled version of malawah ) as a shortcut .
For a savory touch , some sprinkle grated cheese at the last minute and stir to melt it into the crepe - and - egg mixture .
If you ’re not using all the crepes , freeze the extra ones , layered with waxed paper so they wo n’t stick together .
Cut crepes in strips like wide noodles .
Beat eggs and milk in a bowl with a pinch of salt .
Melt butter in a large skillet .
Add crepe strips and cook over medium - low heat , stirring occasionally , until heated through .
Add beaten egg mixture and cook , stirring often , until eggs have set to your taste .
Serve hot , with salt or sugar for sprinkling .
Makes 2 to 4 servings .
Crepes or blintzes :
To save time , use a fairly large pan rather than a small , traditional crepe pan .
In a blender combine 3 eggs , 1 1/ 4 cups milk or water , 3/ 4 cup sifted all - purpose flour and 1/2 teaspoon salt .
Blend on high speed about 1 minute or until batter is smooth .
Strain batter if it is lumpy .
Cover and refrigerate about 1 hour or up to 1 day .
Stir batter .
For a richer , more tender batter , whisk in 2 tablespoons melted butter .
Heat a 20 - to 23 - cm ( 8 - to 9 - inch ) skillet over medium - high heat .
Brush pan lightly with oil .
Remove pan from heat and hold it near bowl of batter .
Working quickly , add 3 tablespoons batter ; add batter to edge of pan and tilt and swirl pan until base is covered with a thin layer of batter .
Immediately pour any excess batter back into bowl .
Return pan to medium - high heat .
Loosen edges of crepe with a metal spatula , discarding any pieces clinging to sides of pan .
Cook crepe until its bottom browns very lightly .
Turn over and cook briefly to brown the other side .
Slide out onto a plate .
Makes about 12 crepes or blintz wrappers .
This recipe is fromby Marge Poore .
She writes that in Mexico this popular dish is made from fried corn tortillas combined with whatever is handy .
She makes a variety of chilaquiles , including one with corn , zucchini and cheese , one with black beans , spinach and tomatoes , one with potatoes , heavy cream and cheddar cheese , and one with chicken in a cilantro - flavored green sauce .
All have chiles ( hot peppers ) in some form .
You can make this dish with fresh or toasted tortillas ( tostadas ) .
Poore deep - fries fresh tortillas the traditional way but you can saute them instead , or brush them with oil and bake them until crisp .
Toasted tortillas do not need frying .
For a fast version , you can substitute tortilla chips , which come in bags as a snack .
You can also use pita–split it in half to make it thin , cut it in strips and saute or bake them with a little oil .
Poore finishes this dish by baking it with sour cream and shredded cheese .
If you prefer an egg version , add 3 or 4 beaten eggs ( instead of the sour cream and cheese ) and saute them with the tortilla and tomato mixture in the skillet until scrambled , as if you ’re making shakshuka .
If using fresh tortillas , fry them :
Heat about 1 inch of oil in a medium heavy skillet until the oil shimmers .
Fry the tortilla pieces , in batches , until golden brown , about 1 to 2 minutes .
Remove with a slotted spoon .
Drain on paper towels , then reserve in a large bowl .
Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the oil from the skillet and saute the onion , stirring , until it begins to brown , 3 to 4 minutes .
Reserve off heat .
Preheat oven to 190C ( 375 F ) .
Puree the tomatoes , garlic , chile , thyme and 1/4 cup water in a blender until smooth .
Add to the onions in the skillet and cook 6 to 8 minutes to blend the flavors .
Add to the bowl of tortilla pieces and stir gently to combine .
Transfer mixture to a 20 - cm ( 8 - inch ) square baking dish .
Drizzle with the sour cream and scatter the cheese over the top .
Bake until completely heated through and cheese is melted , about 20 minutes .
Serve hot .
Makes 4 servings .1,000 Jewish Recipes .
El INEGI informa que el producto interno bruto se increment � 4.3 % , su primera expansi�n trimestral en poco m�s de un a�o
ECONOM�A MEXICANA .
M�xico fue en 2009 el pa�s latinoamericano que tuvo la mayor ca�da de su econom�a en medio de la crisis internacional ..
( Foto : Archivo EL UNIVERSAL . )
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Jueves 20 de mayo de 2010
AP | El Universal
09:59
Passers - by outside the Oxford Street store will be handed paper wristbands which , when shown to a camera built into the display , will allow them to view an image of themselves “ wearing ” any watch they select on the touch - screen .
A blood test for lung cancer is being released commercially across the United States this week .
The makers of the early Cancer Detection lung test ( CDT ) hope it will help more people survive lung cancer .
Currently sufferers are diagnosed on their symptoms , which means it can often be too late for treatment .
The makers of the new test say it will improve diagnosis of the disease and Australian support groups are campaigning for the test to be available here .
Professor John Robertson of Nottingham University in Britain led the research and says the test identifies defences released by the human body in response to the earliest stages of the cancer .
He and his team are hoping the research could be adapted to diagnose many other common cancers .
" We already have got evidence and research that all sorts of tumours we 've looked at ... induce immune responses in patients , and so the future will be to identify specific antigens , which are related to that type of cancer , " he said .
Each year up to 9,000 Australians are diagnosed with lung cancer , with many dying from the disease within 12 months .
Dr Kwun Fong , chair of the Australian Lung Cancer Foundation , is a chest physician at the Prince Charles Hospital in Brisbane .
He says anything that can improve detection rates should be welcomed .
" Certainly a simpler blood test , which is minimally invasive , would provide a great improvement on the technologies we have so far , " he said .
" This is hopefully going to be like the situation in prostate cancer where there is a reasonably active marker we can use in our clinical judgments . "
According to Professor Robertson , the early CDT has a 40 per cent success rate in identifying cancer .
But Dr Fong expressed some caution .
" We need to take them through to the proper clinical trials to show they are effective , safe and cost effective for our patients , " he said .
" This does sound very promising .
We just have to see the data , which has n't to my knowledge been published yet . "
Cancer Council NSW chief executive Dr Andrew Penman says he is also cautiously optimistic .
" The gold standard test is whether it improves survival , " he said .
" The fact it 's now in use , in practice in the US gives us an opportunity to demonstrate whether it does its stuff in real life in real people , and if it does I 'd be very hopeful we can have it in Australia . "
The test was developed over a 15 - year period of research and is being released first in the US and then in Britain before potentially becoming available worldwide .
Text Size A A
i Stockphoto Generation Gap Children 's PBDE levels — and exposure to dust — tend to be higher than their mothers ' .
Confirming a long - held supposition , new research shows that children bear high burdens of polybrominated diphenyl ether ( PBDE ) flame retardants in their bodies .
In the first study to compare children 's uptake with that of their mothers , researchers found that children 's PBDE levels are around 2.8 times higher ( Environ .
Sci. Technol. , DOI : 10.1021/es1009357 ) .
For decades , the retardants featured in a wide variety of U.S. consumer goods , including automobiles , airplanes , electronics , and furniture .
Adding to concerns about health effects , two recent studies linked elevated PBDEs in children to decreased IQ and other neurodevelopmental impairments ( Environ .
Health Perspect. , DOI : 10.1289/ehp.0901340 and 10.1289/ehp.0901015 ) .
The new study 's findings echo the results of the largest study of PBDE uptake in U.S. boys and girls under the age of 12 , which was published in March ( Environ .
Sci. Technol. , DOI : 10.1021/es903240g ) .
That study found PBDE levels in the blood plasma of 94 children to be between 2 and 10 times higher than levels previously found for U.S. adults ( Environ .
Sci. Technol. , DOI : 10.1021/es702451p ) .
In the new study , 20 children between 18 months and 4 years and their mothers , living in 11 U.S states , provided blood samples for analysis .
Coauthor Sonya Lunder , senior analyst for the nonprofit Environmental Working Group , explains that testing mother - child pairs can control for variability between households , diets , and perhaps even genetics .
Åke Bergman , of Stockholm University 's Department of Materials and Environmental Chemistry , led the team that conducted the analyses for both studies , using gas chromatography with mass spectrometry .
He is shocked by one of the March study 's findings : that some U.S. children 's PBDE levels exceed the concentrations documented in adults with high occupational exposure to PBDEs , including recycling workers and carpet installers .
The median PBDE levels of the children in the March study were more than double the concentrations from the new study 's children .
The March study involved children living in California , which has the nation 's strictest fire retardant laws , explains coauthor Deborah Bennett , of the University of California at Davis ' Department of Public Health Sciences .
Her study also linked higher PBDE levels with lower maternal education , and the new study 's participants tended to have more education .
Although recent findings correlated the PBDE levels of men and women living in the same homes ( Environ .
Sci. Technol. , DOI : 10.1021/es100697q ) , the children in the new study did not have uptake patterns similar to their mothers ' .
Children 's higher exposure to household dust is likely the basis of their higher PBDE levels , Lunder says .
Bennett 's study also linked elevated PBDEs with having been fed infant formula rather than breast milk , with consuming pork and poultry , and with recent purchases of upholstered furniture and mattresses .
Although U.S. manufacturers discontinued two PBDE formulations in 2004 and will phase out the third by 2013 , PBDE researcher Heather Stapleton of Duke University 's Nicholas School of the Environment estimates that more than 90 % of the U.S. population has PBDE - containing products in their homes .
Linda Birnbaum , director of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences , says that both studies are important for confirming that U.S. children have higher exposure and different exposure routes than adults do .
" Newer data showing that PBDE replacements also make their way into household raises the question : do we really need these flame retardants in all of the products where they 're being used , like nursing pillows ? " she says .
May 27 , 2010
Whereas , Rapid jobs growth is central to resolving the economic crisis for working people .
There can be no real economic recovery without full employment .
Renewed profits on Wall Street and a rising stock market do not make a recovery ;
Whereas ,
The jobs crisis is especially damaging to youth , women , African American , Latino , and other racially and nationally oppressed communities , who in addition to higher rates of unemployment also suffer higher rates of home foreclosures , bankruptcies , lack of medical care , homelessness and hunger ; and
Whereas , Private industry is not capable of , nor has any interest in , putting people back to work at a sufficient pace to resolve the economic crisis .
Economic recovery requires robust government action ; therefore be it
Resolved ,
That we support and will join others in fighting for ;
Emergency jobs legislation that includes massive direct government investment in public works .
This would include rebuilding our crumbling public infrastructures in housing , transportation , medical care , education , communications and recreation ;
Direct emergency aid to state and local governments to maintain and expand public services in all areas of people ’s needs ;
Unemployment compensation reform that provides unemployment for the duration of unemployment and for first time job seekers ;
Jobs legislation that will protect and promote trade union rights , protections and standards in all public works including card check union recognition on all public projects ;
Federal industrial policy that promotes and massively invests in new green energy and green production infrastructures needed to meet the needs of our people in sustainable ways ;
Public spending and investment that prioritizes help for the communities hardest hit by the economic crisis ;
Government intervention that is paid for by shifting money from wasteful and destructive military spending in Iraq and Afghanistan to rebuilding the domestic economy , and by tax policy that closes corporate loopholes , significantly raise tax rates on corporate profits and the very rich , and taxes on stock transactions and risky speculation on Wall Street .
Resolution adopted by the 29th National Convention of the Communist Party USA , New York , NY May 21 - 23 , 2010 .
Comments
Server vendors have started off 2010 on a positive note by reversing a year of declining sales .
First quarter worldwide server shipments jumped 23 percent while revenue increased just 6 percent according to IT research firm Gartner , thanks to price pressures keeping prices down .
After a year of free - falling , server hardware sales are finally starting to rebound .
While the numbers are good now , the industry is coming off a drop in sales in previous quarters .
Which parts of the server industry are headed in the right direction ?
The growth , however , was one - sided .
x86 - based servers grew 25.3 percent in units and 32.1 percent in revenue , but RISC / Itanium Unix servers declined 28.5 percent in units and 26.9 percent in revenue , and the ‘ other ’ CPU category , which is mostly mainframes , fell 15.1 percent in revenue , according to Gartner .
“ We ’ve seen a return to growth on a worldwide level , but the market has not yet returned to the historical quarterly highs that were posted in 2008 , and there were some interesting variations in that growth , ” said Jeffrey Hewitt , research vice president at Gartner in a statement .
“ Emerging regions that were expected to grow , such as Asia / Pacific , forged ahead , while some mature markets , such as the U.S. , produced better - than - expected results , as other countries and regions had a ‘ mixed bag ’ of results . ”
The U.S. , which analysts have long said is due for a hardware refresh , had the highest growth rate , up 28.6 percent year - over - year in the first quarter .
Latin America had the highest vendor revenue growth at 27.9 percent for the period .
All other regions had varying levels of shipment and revenue increases , but Japan saw a 0.7 percent revenue decline .
Among the top five worldwide vendors , there was a notable change .
Sun Microsystems , now listed as Oracle ( NASDAQ : ORCL ) , has swapped positions with Fujitsu , with Fujitsu in fourth place and Oracle now in fifth .
While every other vendor grew by double digits , and Fujitsu ’s main market is in its native Japan , Oracle fell 29.5 percent year - over - year for just 2 percent of the global market share in the first quarter of 2010 , well behind Fujitsu ’s 3.7 percent share .
HP ( NYSE : HPQ ) was once again the volume leader , selling 32.1 percent of all x86 servers , compared to 24.7 percent for Dell ( NASDAQ : DELL ) and 12 percent for IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) .
The percentages were roughly the same for revenues among the top three .
Dell was the growth leader , up 33.5 percent year - over - year .
In its recent quarterly earnings report , Dell cited server sales as one of the catalysts for growth .
Right behind it was Fujitsu , which has been making a push into the U.S. market as of late .
It grew 33.3 percent year - over - year .
The RISC market was pretty much a losing proposition , with every major vendor involved losing ground .
Oracle ’s shipments were off 41.9 percent year over year , IBM was down 13.6 percent , HP off 20.7 percent and Fujitsu down 10.7 percent .
Only France ’s Groupe Bull showed a gain at 4.1 percent year - over - year growth , but Bull only has 0.4 percent market share among RISC vendors .
Andy Patrizio is a senior editor at InternetNews.com , the news service of Internet.com , the network for technology professionals .
Follow ServerWatch on Twitter
Ethics 101 : Designing Morality in Games
By J. Matthew Zoss
[ Gamasutra interviews Bethesda 's Emil Pagliarulo and 2 K Marin 's Jordan Thomas to discuss the importance of building challenging , satisfying ethical gameplay -- both in games the duo created such as Oblivion , Fallout 3 and BioShock 2 , and in the work of others . ]
To a certain degree , all games are about choice .
The player chooses how and when to react to a given situation , whether that situation is as simple as fight or flight or as complex as determining the future of an entire species .
Given the role that choice holds in gameplay , it 's no surprise that morality systems have become more and more common as games have increased in complexity .
Oftentimes these morality systems offer up only basic black and white choices : should I help this character or harm them ?
Should I defeat the evil wizard or accept his offer of power ?
Various types of moral choice systems appear in complex RPGs like Mass Effect 2 , adventure games like Heavy Rain , and even straightforward action titles like Dante 's Inferno .
Compelling moral choices can encourage players to experiment with different ethical stances over multiple playthroughs , while underdeveloped morality systems can seem like little more than an additional bullet point on the back of the box .
To examine how to make in - game moral choices that are both intellectually engaging and stimulating from a gameplay perspective , we spoke with key developers from two studios with very different specialties : Bethesda 's Emil Pagliarulo explained how he and the rest of the team approached morality in RPGS like The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion and Fallout 3 , while 2 K Marin 's Jordan Thomas discussed branching moral outcomes in the shooter BioShock 2 .
The results of the conversations with the developers pointed to two aspects that need to be present in order to make in - game moral choices compelling : a virtual world that somehow connects with the player , and a set of choices that offer outcomes of significant moral weight .
The two required elements may seem obvious , but more often than not a game with a moral choice system is missing one or the other .
Choosing to punish or absolve tormented souls in Dante 's Inferno carries no weight because it has no connection to the narrative -- it 's all about maximizing what kind of experience points you want to earn .
InFAMOUS features a likeable protagonist and a recognizable world , but the choice to give food to hungry citizens or keep it for yourself is no choice at all in a game that does n't require you to eat .
So how do developers tackle the issue ?
The first step is to create some element that players can create an emotional bond with .
" It all comes back to the characters you 've created , " says Bethesda 's Pagliarulo .
" I think Heavy Rain has proven this better than any game in recent memory .
In order for a developer to provide moral choices that matter , the player has to be convinced that those choices are going to have some kind of effect on the characters in the game , and the more believable those characters , the stronger the emotional impact .
" At the end of Heavy Rain , if there 's one thing you feel it's that Ethan loves his son and is completely invested in finding him , and this really challenges the player 's willingness to go as far as it takes .
" As it turns out , when I played Heavy Rain , I was n't willing to do carry out one of the sequences , and I actually sat there yelling at my TV , saying , ' No !
I wo n't do it !
This is n't my fault !
I will not be made the bad guy !
You stole my son -- it 's your fault !
Not mine !'
I was pissed off .
Not at the developers , but at the Origami Killer .
And you know what ?
The game did n't exactly have a happy ending . "
Few games have managed to create the same kind of believable characters as Heavy Rain , but fortunately there are other ways to draw a player into a game .
One of the strongest elements of the original BioShock was the city of Rapture , a game world that was so solidly drawn that it felt real .
It had a history , a set of rules that it adhered to , and an internal ecosystem that made it feel like a real place .
BioShock 2
" A lot of people told us that in their version of the world , they decided not to kill Big Daddies , " says 2 K Marin 's Thomas .
" This is not an outcome we support with any special content .
This is a simulated moral decision that they chose to make based on their own level of empathy for these enslaved former humans . "
The world of Rapture in both BioShock games is a place founded on debatable concepts , and both games use a clash of ideals as the basis for the narratives .
Rapture is both physically and ethically murky , and as such clear - cut " good and evil " choices seem out of place .
In Rapture , the choices should be every bit as unclear as the rest of the world , something which Thomas believes the original game failed to achieve :
" It chose a very binary set out outputs at the far end , " he says .
" The players who enjoyed that were those who kind of were those who felt that they were embodying a moral extreme anyway -- there was a sort of cogency between what they chose and the outcomes they received .
The ones who were less satisfied felt that they were morally more grey , or granular , and as such neither of the endings of that game reflected them well . "
In other words , the players who felt as if they were playing a purely good or purely evil character were satisfied with the two possible outcomes , but those players ( arguably the majority ) who viewed the BioShock experience as more morally ambiguous were less than satisfied with the simple either / or choices .
In the case of BioShock 2 , the solution was to strive for moral choices that were a bit harder to read as obviously good or evil .
" BioShock 2 is , at best , a modest stride forward in the shooter space in the introduction of some RPG - like branching moral choices through the filter of parenthood , " says Thomas .
" Our choice there was to refract rather than reflect .
Your choices have a strong effect on your legacy , but your sense of powerlessness over that legacy once it kind of decouples from you was in many ways the point .
We felt that there is no actual way to know the player 's mind utterly , and so to instead use his or her behavior as a set of guidances was more attractive and more honest , particularly because we wanted the choices to be very readable even to a player who may have been in a firefight when all the seed choices took place .
" You 're always kind of competing for the player 's attention in the shooter space , so the inputs and the outputs had to be obvious , " says Thomas .
" So we chose this alternate vehicle to refract the outcome of your choices as a response to the relatively feeling of dishonesty that moral branching narrative can invoke elsewhere .
" We 've been successful in some ways -- some critics seem to have bought into that sense of their moral legacy rather than exact reflection .
Then you 've got other folks who felt more like ' Hey , I wanted Lamb to die at the end and it did n't work out that way !
This game is silly . '
" I think of it very brutally as baby steps in the sense that in the first game , your moral choice was cognitively quite juvenile : are you going to mistreat the innocent for your own gain , or are you going to redeem that innocent , even though you sacrifice something for it ? " continues Thomas .
" In BioShock 2 , we said , let 's introduce a set of points which are couched more in the adult world and about context rather than action .
" The moral choices in BioShock 2 remain interactively very simple - we debated whether we were going to go with a complex quest which had a very different outcome depending on which set of widgets you flipped , and we realized that the result would n't be very visceral - the player 's inputs in a first - person shooter are largely different ways to deal misery .
And having to flip a bunch of different switches , in order to achieve a kind of dissociated , broad world - spanning moral result would feel kind of dry , kind of academic .
" So instead we tried very hard to follow our own set of rules , which are quite narrow in the shooter space , and to preload you with as much context as possible before you had to make that decision .
Each one was meant to be ethically murkier as you move towards the conclusion .
" So early on , Grace has clearly misunderstood your intent ; at the end she has many sympathetic attributes .
When dealing with Dr. Alexander , you 're in a space where one version of this character is asking you to execute his final will and put him out of his misery , but the actual living being in front of you is begging for his life and has obviously shown enmity towards you .
Showing traditional mercy in that case is quite debatable . "
Choices that are deliberately harder to read as simply the " good choice " or the " evil choice " were a goal for Pagliarulo in both of Bethesda 's most recent RPGs as well .
Of course , successfully creating tricky choices does n't always come easily .
" That was a real challenge for us during development of Fallout 3 , " says Pagliarulo .
" We actually started out much more comfortable with having just those black and white , good and evil choices .
Fallout 3
" You have to remember that we were n't just trying to make a great game , we were trying to make a great Fallout game , and we struggled sometimes with the best way to pull that off .
The previous Fallout games used a karma system to keep track of the player 's level of good or evil , so we knew that 's something we wanted to replicate .
It was a good place for us to start .
But then , as we got deeper and deeper into development , and really started to find our comfort zone , we realized we were missing that grayness , that moral ambiguity that is so important to the Fallout universe .
" I think , when all was said and done , we were happy with the mix Fallout 3 offered .
There were some clear good / evil paths , and the player could make those easy moral decisions , and sort of try to get those karma - specific level titles , or achievements , or be treated a certain way by the various factions .
But there are also plenty of situations where it 's much more morally nebulous , and the player is left wondering , ' Is this the right thing , or the wrong thing ? '
I think the ending of The Pitt DLC sort of exemplifies that . "
Unlike most games with a morality system , Fallout 3 had the extra challenge of creating a neutral moral path , which had its own unique set of challenges .
" This was the subject of much debate during Fallout 3's development , " says Pagliarulo .
" Really , the biggest issue for us was deciding , internally , whether something was right or wrong !
The designers ended up debating certain issues , and we came to realize just how differently we all viewed them .
" For example , a couple of us would come up with a situation that would n't give the player any positive or negative karma .
We felt it was pretty morally ambiguous , a good ' gray ' neutral point .
And then we 'd bring it up in a meeting , and another designer would say we 're crazy , and it 's clearly good , or clearly evil .
And we 'd disagree .
It was great ... and so completely unexpected .
" So for us , because we had a system to track activities that are supposed to be clearly good or evil , the real challenge was in us coming to a consensus on this stuff .
Is making a kid cry evil , or just funny ?
Some of the conversations we had bordered on the ridiculous , in retrospect . "
As with any debate on ethics , there are several different takes on what makes for compelling moral gameplay , and both Pagliarulo and Thomas can cite several examples about what makes for interesting gameplay choices , as well as why it 's become popular to give gamers these options .
" I think gamers get tired of doing the same thing over and over , " says Pagliarulo .
" We 've slain dragons , beat up super villains , and shot at space marines over and over again .
There 's a level of burnout there .
So when you throw in something like a morality system , it forces the player to stop running on autopilot , and think about their actions a bit more carefully .
' Shooting the bad guy ' becomes ' shooting the guy who may or may not be bad , ' and that in itself adds a unique twist to the gameplay .
" Look at a game like Army of Two : The 40th Day .
You 've got this really tight co-op experience , but there are also these situations where you 've got to make a moral decision in a matter of seconds .
You never know when one is going to pop up , or what the outcome is going to be , and it adds a layer of gameplay beyond simply ' point my gun at this guy and pull the trigger . "
Thomas points to studios like BioWare and Pagliarulo 's employer Bethesda as developers who create games with compelling choices .
" There were quests in the Baldur 's Gate series which I felt were sort of difficult for me to reconcile because there was n't really a right answer , " says Thomas .
" The choices you made would offend a party member and that party member , when pushed to a certain limit , would turn on you .
" I experienced a kind of crisis in that I wanted to please everybody , and I certainly have seen a lot of real - life humans fall prey to that same problem .
Ultimately , it felt as subjective and kind of relativistic as philosophy does in real life .
At that moment I was like ' dammit , there 's no right answer here ! ' and of course I had to put down the party member and felt terrible about it . "
" Then there 's the assassin 's guild quest line in Oblivion , written by Emil , " says Thomas .
" It 's very interesting , because it 's supposedly the most kind of sociopathic and empathy - free quest line in the game , and yet it's also the one that made me feel something .
Because -- spoiler alert -- you 're brought into this quite charming family of monsters and at some point you 're called upon to turn on them and kill each one through a variety of means - poisoning their food , killing them in their sleep , all of these things .
" You come to sort of love them , because they 're charming in their sort of gruesome fairy tale way .
And so I felt genuine ethical queasiness at the prospect of taking the few characters in the game that I cared about and annihilating them for the cause . "
Finally , Thomas points to Ubisoft 's open - world shooter Far Cry 2 as an unsung example of a game that offers compelling moral choice gameplay .
" There are certainly decisions that you can make that shape the narrative in a very broad way , such as when one of your rescue - ready buddies comes out to help you in the field .
If they get tagged and they 're bleeding on the ground , you can sacrifice one of your syrettes to bring them back , but if you can't do that you can either abandon them or blow them away .
Far Cry 2
" All of these things feel grey when they 're in the heat of the moment .
They 're contextual .
The game responds to them , but it 's not really making a specific didactic moral statement , it 's just putting you in the position of making interesting decisions and allowing your own pre-loaded moral structures to be self - applied .
I think that 's extremely powerful . "
As designers continue to experiment with interactive morality , new innovations will certainly arise to allow for more and more powerful emotional experiences .
Could the first step towards creating more moral complexity be the discontinuation of rewards like Achievements and Trophies for earning the " good " or " bad " ending of a game ?
" You could argue , and I think many have , that moral decision making in interactive entertainment sort of requires that you accept the sociopathic economist in all of us , " says Thomas .
" If you want to players to make these decisions based on any kind of internal ethical compass , you should decouple them from any mechanical rewards .
I 'm not totally sure I agree with that , because in real life , there are physical rewards for all forms of self - interest .
But I certainly agree that we start with such an incredible bias upon entering a genuinely solipsistic artificial space . "
" Concrete gain is the root of any conflict of interest , " Thomas continues .
" It 's difficult to imagine a set of quandaries that does n't touch on material .
I know that you can do it , but you would be filtering those questions , and perhaps in some game where all rewards are essentially equal .
" Perhaps it 's also possible that you 'd have to open up to leaving things in a state of questionable resolution as well .
In BioShock 2 , as a highly narrative - driven shooter , we felt compelled to tie it off , to show that your actions lead to a dramatically compelling outcome no matter what .
In real life , that 's not the case .
The right path might actually be the most boring .
There 's the notion that we 're also entertaining as we do this .
" That puts the thought experiment of what games could be into some question .
Because again in the case of BioShock 2 , we 're throwing millions of dollars at this , and the user is expecting to be compelled and titillated in the same way as with any narrative .
And as with real life , playing the saint is a lot less fun and arguably not a commercially viable decision . "
While Thomas is probably correct that few players will say they want to be all good all the time , the feedback on moral choices in games might suggest otherwise .
In short , although many games offer up the option to be diabolically evil , most players want to be good .
" Interestingly , when we looked at the actual stats for Fallout 3 we learned that a really staggering majority of people chose to play the game as the good guy , " says Pagliarulo .
" So it 's really interesting to me that even though we gave players the choice to be evil , to be the jerk -- most of them chose not to . "
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
Last updated at 00:01 17 August 2006
A leading scholar sparked a furious row yesterday after she claimed to have ' wistful nostalgia ' for the days when female students were regularly groped and harassed by older male dons .
Mary Beard , professor of classics at Cambridge University and a fellow of Newnham College , said that pupils often had to put up with ' fumblings ' in order to get inspirational teaching .
She said she had an ' ambivalent attitude ' to being ' pawed ' by male academics but said that some of the worst offenders were great scholars .
But fellow female academics and equal opportunity campaigners condemned her comments as ' shocking and unacceptable ' .
They point out that victims of sexual harassment are unlikely to share her views on the emotive subject .
Professor Beard , 51 , made the controversial comments in a vigorous defence of Eduard Fraenkel who was Corpus professor of Latin at Oxford University from 1935 to 1953 , and one of the most renowned classical scholars of the 20th century .
The academic - who teaches at an all - women college - complains that Fraenkel 's reputation as a ' serial groper ' has been omitted from all biographies of him .
In a review of the Dictionary of British Classicists , Professor Beard claims that a female tutor used to warn her students that ' although they would learn a lot , they would probably be ' pawed about a bit ' by Fraenkel .
She describes how Baroness Warnock admitted in her memoirs that she had heady discussions about Latin and Greek with him , combined with ' kisses and increasingly constant fumblings with ... ( my ) underclothes ' .
Professor Beard , classics editor at the Times Literary Supplement , said : " Any academic woman older than her mid-forties is likely to have an ambivalent reaction to this .
" On the one hand , it is impossible not to feel sisterly outrage at what would now be deemed a straightforward case of persistent sexual harassment and the abuse of ( male ) power .
" On the other hand , it is also hard to repress certain wistful nostalgia for that academic era before about 1980 when the erotic dimension of pedagogy ( teaching ) which had flourished , after all , since Plato was stamped out . "
Professor Beard claims that Baroness Warnock shares that ' ambivalence ' as she weighs " the damage done ( to Fraenkel 's wife no less than to some of his ' girls ' ) against the inspirational teaching which came with , and was inextricable from the ' pawing ' . "
The academic also insists " it would be foolish to imagine that love for one 's wife is necessarily incompatible with ' pawing ' one 's female students " .
Professor Beard , who is married to art historian Robin Cormack and has two grown - up children , re-iterated her argument on her Internet website , dated August 1 , the Times Higher Education Supplement reveals today ( thurs ) .
But a spokesman for the Equal Opportunities Commission said he was sure that victims of this kind of behaviour do not feel a ' wistful nostalgia ' for the past .
He said : " It 's this kind of attitude that held women back in higher education for so long .
" Thankfully that 's not the case any more and women are leading the way in HE .
These kinds of attitudes should never be allowed back ( into HE ) . "
Kat Stark , women 's officer for the National Union of Students , said : " I find it incredibly hard to believe that anyone would view sexual harassment with ambivalence -- be it now or twenty years ago .
" All students have a right to learn in an environment free from any form of harassment , and to write about it with ' a certain wistful nostalgia ' is both shocking and unacceptable . "
June Pervis , professor of gender history at the university of Portsmouth , said : " Nostalgia ?
Where has that woman been living ?
" The wandering hands fraternity used their status and power to exploit female students , and some were silly enough to feel ' flattered ' by this attention ...
Very pathetic . "
And Gill Evans , professor of history at Cambridge , added : " I was chased round a table once by an amorous don ( I got away ) .
" I think it is and was an abuse of power and no - one should have to put up with being pawed to get inspirational teaching . "
But Professor
Beard hit back at the NUS attack , insisting she was ' not condoning sexual harassment ' .
She said : " The NUS needs to think a bit harder about history and what university used to be like and what people of my age look back to .
" The best comparison I can make is about smoking .
One looks at Humphrey Bogart movies that were surrounded by rings and rings of cigarette smoke and we have a wistful nostalgia for it .
That does n't mean that I think smoking should now be allowed in public places . "
When asked if she had been the subject of sexual harassment herself , she replied : " No , I 'm not a victim of this .
But the culture of universities in the 1960s and 1970s did n't put it in terms of harassment .
That 's what changed . "
She added : " I am terribly sorry if people got the impression that I 'm in favour of male sexual harassment because I 'm not . "
But she repeated her assertion that she felt a ' certain nostalgia ' for the ' mores ' of the 1960s and 1970s .
She claimed that ' something is lost and something is gained ' by the move to heavier policing of the issue .
She said : " It is certain that some people benefited from the old fashioned mores - there were some relationships of closeness that were extremely productive .
" But some people lost out terribly and were damaged .
I do feel nostalgia but that is different from saying that this is now how I want it to be . "
