Being a fan of Steve Yegge , I was
randomly reading some of his older writings and eventually chanced
upon his post on “ Effective
Emacs ” .
Being
a Vim guy , I wondered whether some of the tips he presents are useful
for the Vim world as well .
Note :
This is not a Vim vs Emacs thing , it is simply a porting of
tips for Emacs to see whether the tips are useful for Vim users as
well .
So here goes :
10 Specific Ways to Improve Your Productivity With Emacs , ported to Vim :
Item 1 : Swap Caps - Lock and Control
This is a desktop - specific customization .
However , I do n’t think it is
required for Vim users , but it can be
useful .
Update :
After using for a couple of days , I ’m really starting to like this !
Item 2 : Invoke M-x without the Alt key
Not relevant for Vim .
Not a good start , first two tips are out …
Item 3 : Prefer backward - kill - word over Backspace
This is a good tip .
Normally , I would use bdw to achieve the same .
To map backspace to this command in normal mode , put this in
your vimrc : :map < bs > bdw .
To make it work in insert mode you can put : imap < bs > < esc> bdwa .
I’m
sure there ’s a better way to use just one command to do this , please
leave a comment if you know of a better way .
Update :
You can also use ctrl-w in insert mode ( see :help i_CTRL - W ) ,
thanks to pimaniac .
Item 4 : Use incremental search for Navigation
Use : set incsearch .
Press n to search forward and N to search backward .
Item 5 : Use Temp Buffers
Run : new to get a new buffer ( or alternately ctrl-w n ) .
To switch between buffers , use ctrl-w ctrl-w ( yes , twice ) .
Use :q as usual to close the buffer ( or alternately , ctrl-w q ) .
Item 6 : Master the buffer and window commands
To split window vertically , run :vsp
To split window horizontally , run :sp
To make all visible windows approximately equal height , run ctrl-w =
To switch to other window , run ctrl-w ctrl-w or use the
directional keys ctrl-w h/j/k/l
or use the directional keys
To delete other windows , use ctrl-w o or run :only
or run
To list - buffers , run :ls ( or even : files or : buffers )
( or even or ) Dialog Boxes : The Root of All Evil – agree , Vim does n’t need dialog
boxes as well ( at least in the non - gui mode )
boxes as well ( at least in the non - gui mode ) Buffers to the Rescue – Same thing for Vim , I think .
Item 7 : Lose the UI
Remove the menubar using : set guioptions - =m .
.
Remove the toolbar using : set guioptions - =T .
. Similar options exist for the scrollbar , see : help guioptions
Region selection can be easier in Vim using the visual mode , just
press v , use the normal keys to move around , such as 10 j to move
down by 10 lines , and then a command to work on that visual
selection , such as d to delete it .
Item 8 : Learn the most important help functions
The help in Vim is vast , see : help usr_toc to see the chapters of
the awesome reference manual .
Item 9 : Master Emacs ’s regular expressions
I agree , Friedl ’s book is the authority on this .
However , there are
some good introductions to Vim regular
expressions available .
Item 10 : Master the fine - grained text manipulation commands
Creating macros are easy in Vim .
Press qa to start recording
a macro called ‘ a ’ , do all the commands you want to run , pres q to
stop recording .
Then , run @a to repeat the recorded commands i.e .
a macro .
to start recording a macro called ‘ a ’ , do all the commands you want to run , pres to stop recording .
Then , run to repeat the recorded commands i.e. a macro .
Swapping two adjacent words , yeah , this can be better .
I use xp to
swap characters and dwwP to swap words , but it does n’t do fancy
stuff like the transpose -* functions .
This can be an interesting
plugin to write .
Tune in next time …
Filling paragraphs can be done by setting : set textwidth=80 and
running gqap command to format ‘ a ’ ‘ p ’aragraph , or like me you
can map the ‘ Q ’ key to run it : : nmap Q gwap .
To make this work
inside comments , make sure you : set formatoptions+=c .
gnuserv : I use It ’s All
Text !
Firefox
extension .
Dired :
There are plugins available with
similar
functionality Whitespace manipulation – plenty of ways such as : set expandtab ,
: retab ! , : help fo-table , etc. nxml-mode : I have n’t used nxml - mode but I ’m still looking for
something like Emacs ’ SGML - mode that works for Vim .
I miss you ,
SGML - mode .
picture - mode : Dr. Chip to the rescue with
DrawIt.vim minibuffer management :
Not sure what this is .
effortless navigation : I think Vim has enough keys for this by
default .
See : help navigation .
region management :
We can always choose the color scheme of choice
for the highlighted region , or change it ourselves , see `:help : highlight` .
rectangle commands :
Use ctrl -v emacs shells :
We have :sh but do n’t know if Emacs does
something more align - regexp :
Not sure what this is .
frame initialization : I set Vim to always opens in full screen ,
see : help win16 - maximized .
Not sure how to do it in Linux yet ,
but in Gnome , I just press Alt - F10 .
using the goal column :
No idea … setting the fill column : Nada… OS settings and font : I like to customize Vim ’s font and keep
trying different
fonts , currently
I ’m using : set guifont =Consolas : h14:cANSI browsing and editing archives : I think Vim does this by default ,
see : help netrw .
advanced keybinding : see : help :map and : help keycodes mastering the kill ring :
I guess you can simulate this with
: echo @a , etc. mastering Info :
Not sure if this would be useful in Vim. using M-x customize :
Not sure what this does .
utility apps :
It ’s all in the plugins .
Summary : Porting good ideas is a good idea :)
I wonder why a search for Steve Yegge on Wikipedia points to
Batman …
Update in November end , 2008 : I have released a new book on Vim , read the whole thing right here ..
Following Apple 's announcement that they would be offering iTunes Movies for sale on the same day as the DVD release , they quietly added the ability to buy movies directly on the Apple TV .
Prior to this , the Apple TV could only be used to rent movies , not buy them .
Instead , the customer would have to buy the movie on their computer and stream / sync it to their Apple TV .
With the quiet addition of the " Buy " button , customers can instead buy movies directly from the Apple TV , which will later sync it back to your iTunes library .
This had been a curious omission given that television shows and music could be purchased directly on the Apple TV .
It appears there was a glitch last month that caused the " Buy " option to appear briefly before Apple removed it .
C ORPORATE C RIME R EPORTER
Farm Broadcaster Ousted after Ripping Monsanto ’s Goon Squads
22 Corporate Crime Reporter 18 , April 30 , 2008
If you have heard of Learfield Communications , it is probably from listening to college football and basketball games .
The Jefferson City , Missouri based Learfield is one of the nation ’s largest broadcasters of college sports .
But it also produces news programming heard throughout the farm belt .
Learfield was started 35 years ago by Clyde Lear and Derry Brownfield .
Lear went on to be the chairman of the company .
He bought out his friend and partner Brownfield in 1985 .
Brownfield went on to do market news reports for the Learfield news division until 1997 or so , when he started broadcasting a daily call - in show called The Common Sense Coalition .
Derry Brownfield would broadcast The Common Sense Coalition from the studios of Learfield Communications .
Learfield would subsidize the program and allow Brownfield to use its studios and satellite hook - up .
Monsanto happens to be a big advertiser of the Learfield news division – to the tune of hundreds of thousands of dollars a year .
Brownfield happens to think that Monsanto is an evil corporation .
Therein lies the rub .
For weeks , Brownfield had been ripping Monsanto on air for its policies of enforcing its seed patents against farmers .
On the April 16 show , Brownfield ’s topic was seed industry concentration in America .
His guests were Fred Stokes , president of the Organization for Competitive Markets , and Michael Stumo , general counsel of the group .
Stokes and Stumo were promoting a new project to study corporate concentration in the seed industry .
Monsanto is the dominant player in the global seed industry and has a reputation for playing rough .
On air , Brownfield quoted from a newly published Vanity Fair article titled “ Monsanto ’s Harvest of Fear ” by Donald Barlett and James Steele .
“ Monsanto relies on a shadowy army of private investigators and agents in the American heartland to strike fear into farm country , ” Barlett and Steele write .
“ They fan out into fields and farm towns , where they secretly videotape and photograph farmers , store owners , and co-ops , infiltrate community meetings , and gather information from informants about farming activities .
Farmers say that some Monsanto agents pretend to be surveyors .
Others confront farmers on their land and try to pressure them to sign papers giving Monsanto access to their private records .
Farmers call them the ‘ seed police ’ and use words such as ‘ Gestapo ’ and ‘ Mafia ’ to describe their tactics . ”
After reading from the Vanity Fair article , Brownfield then begins to riff on the Mafia theme .
“ Multinational corporations are doing everything possible to change agriculture – and not for the better , ” Brownfield says on the show .
“ I know a little bit about this – not a lot , just a little bit – but Monsanto literally they have Mafia goons out , do they not ?
They show up on farmers ’ property , they try and harass them , they say if you do n’t sign this , we are going to take you to court .
They have literally tried to destroy agriculture as we know it .
They have a goon squad .
Maybe that ’s not what they like to be called .
But if it was the Mafia , we would call them the goon squad . ”
Calling Monsanto ’s patent enforcers goons was apparently the straw that broke this camel ’s back .
Brownfield ’s stint at Learfield was about to end .
Last week , Brownfield was told that he could no longer broadcast out of the Learfield studios .
His buddy , Clyde Lear , posted a blog on the Learfield web site saying that Brownfield ’s last show will be in mid-May .
“ The Common Sense Coalition grinds to a halt on our system , ” Lear wrote .
“ Most of his listeners loved him as did his affiliates , ” Lear wrote about his buddy .
“ He did n't mind controversy or taking on giants like the Monsanto Corporation .
He thought they were bad for farmers , too big for their britches and generally bad for America .
Increasingly he 's been saying so , without seeking balance , in my opinion . ”
And then later , in response to listeners who were upset that Brownfield was being let go , Lear wrote :
“ Some seem to think the reason Derry is leaving is because Monsanto threatened to stop advertising if we did n’t put a gag on him .
If that were the only reason Derry was asked to leave , then I can see why they think we are selling out .
We 've parted ways because accusations being made about not only advertisers , but individuals , corporations , government , ( fill in the blank ) were based on fear and lies with absolutely no truth to back them up .
I abhor radio talk shows like Rush Limbaugh ... and Derry Brownfield where half - truths are articulated .
I wo n't be a part of them .
And , that 's my right . ”
But in an interview with Corporate Crime Reporter , Lear admits that the Monsanto issue is what drove his buddy Brownfield out .
“ If the Monsanto issue had not come up , we would not be here today , ” Lear said .
Lear said that the President of Learfield Communications , Roger Gardner , talked recently with John Raines , Monsanto ’s director of public affairs .
“ John Raines talked to Roger Gardner about the difficulties they felt Brownfield is giving them , ” Lear said .
“ ( Gardner ) told me he talked to John Raines about the Vanity Fair article . ”
“ The pressure I got came from the president of the news division , Stan Koenigsfeld , ” Lear said .
“ Stan is the guy that has responsibility for selling and maintaining the financial viability of our news division .
Stan is a no nonsense guy .
So , Stan comes in and says – why are we doing this ?
Why do we continue to do this ?
We give him all of these things and he spits in our face by lambasting our good advertisers , without giving them an opportunity for fair and balanced reporting .
And it is not reporting – it ’s just entertainment .
Why do we continue to do this ? ”
Lear says that the complaints have been mounting over the past five years about Brownfield .
“ And I ’ve been saying to Stan , settle down , it will all be alright , ” Lear said .
“ But I imagine Stan is getting a lot of pressure from his sales executives .
We have three that call on Monsanto for different products .
And I would assume that he is getting pressure from those sales executives .
When those sales executives call on Monsanto , Monsanto is complaining to the sales executives .
That is where the connection happens .
But you would have to talk to them about the kind of leverage Monsanto is putting on them .
They have never to my knowledge threatened to pull any advertising . ”
Lear finally confronted Brownfield .
“ I went to him and said – Derry , look , lay off of this , ” Lear said .
“ Lay off of this Monsanto thing .
I am getting a lot of complaints . ”
Lear said he was the only one in the company who could approach Brownfield .
“ I ’m the only one who can talk to him , ” Lear said .
“ No one else in the company will go to him .
He is kind of persona non grata .
He is one of the guys who helped start the company years ago .
He was my partner for years until 1985 when I bought him out .
He is a dear friend of mine .
So , there is no one else – all of the rest of the guys are half my age .
They wo n’t go to him .
They are afraid of him .
They just wo n’t go and talk to him . ”
“ They all came to me and said – go talk to Derry , ” Lear said .
“ We ’ve got to quit doing this .
Plus , it came at a bad time .
It came during the same week that the National Association of Farm Broadcasters national convention was being held in Kansas City .
And at that convention , of course , Monsanto was omnipresent .
They are there trying to woo farm broadcasters , because they want them to say nice things about them , right ?
So , here are all of the Monsanto people at this convention .
And their advertising agencies – Osborne & Barr out of St. Louis – among others .
They were all there .
And it was embarrassing , because all of that week , Derry is lambasting Monsanto . ”
“ We have explained to Monsanto , in any way we can , that the Brownfield Network has nothing to do with Derry ’s show , ” Lear says .
“ This is a completely independent show that he puts on .
Well , Monsanto says – he ’s doing it from your studios , is n’t he ?
And we say yes , we give him space because of the history . ”
“ And they ask – how else do you help him ?
If he were n’t doing the show , would this problem disappear ? ”
“ So my guys came to me and said – we ’ve got to do something about this . ”
“ So , I went in to Derry and I sat down with him , ” Lear said .
“ It was very good natured .
I was n’t angry .
I was n’t planning on doing anything .
I said – let this Monsanto thing go for awhile .
Just let it go . ”
“ He said – ‘ Clyde – Monsanto is an evil empire , ’ ” Lear recalled .
“ ‘ This is evil .
He said – every farmer hates Monsanto .
You know what they have done – and then he would lambast Monsanto and lay out this litany of stuff that they do .
It included milk .
Apparently there is a human growth hormone that they put in the milk .
I do n’t know a thing about it , but apparently they won a court case that prohibited milk retailers from putting on the milk carton the label – hormone free .
I did n’t know anything about this , but Brownfield was complaining about how the liberal judges of America are siding with the evil empire .
And Monsanto pays them off .
All kinds of allegations which I ’m sure are not true .
But Derry believes them . ”
“ So , I said – will you let Monsanto be on the air ?
And he said – I ’m not going to give them a forum .
But then he changed his mind and said – yeah , bring them on .
I 'll let them on the show . ”
Lear then went to hole up with his executives .
And his execs told him – “ It ’s bigger than this now .
We just do n’t need to be associated with him . ”
“ So , I just walked back there and said to Derry – you say you are not going to lighten up .
And he said no , I ’m staying the course .
And I said – not with us you are not .
You are going to have to find some other way to distribute your program , and you are going to have to find some other office to do it out of . ”
Given that he was willing put Monsanto on his show , why not keep him on ?
“ Maybe we should have , ” Lear said .
Would you reconsider your decision ?
“ I do n’t think so , ” Lear says .
“ It is just not a business I want to be in anymore . ”
Lear says he feels sad about parting with his old buddy , but he wants to help set up an internet radio studio for Derry out of Derry ’s home office .
“ We are helping him build a new facility in his home , ” Lear says .
“ But we wo n’t have a connection to him .
Then we can easily say to Monsanto – we do n’t have a thing to do with Derry .
We do n’t have a thing to do with him .
He ’s not on our property .
We ca n’t control him . ”
Brownfield said he could n’t comment on the situation until after May 30 .
Home
“ The Israel 60 Birthday Website will combat Palestine , Iran , Nazi and Syria sites which have started to attack Israel ’s 60th birthday by enjoying a stronger search engine optimization ( SEO ) marketing and public relations ranking on Google and appearing throughout the Net using all of the tools of Web 2.0 . ”
The Israeli News Agency .
May 7 , 2008
After more than ten days and many e-mails we sent , Google News replies at last : Hi Enzo , Thank you for your note .
We received numerous complaints from users about your site and after reviewing it we ’ve found that we could no longer include it in Google News .
We currently do n’t include sites that are primarily news aggregators , and we were n’t able to find any stories on your site that were n’t from outside sources .
We apologize for any inconvenience this situation may cause .
Please be assured that we ’ll log your site for future consideration should our requirements change
Thanks for your interest in Google News .
Regards , The Google Team ***
We thank The Google Team for their kind reply , however : 1 ) The Google Team does not say which kind of complaints they received and from whom ;
2 ) The Google Team writes : “ we were n’t able to find any stories on your site that were n’t from outside sources ” .
Probably The Google Team did n’t look up carefully since Uruknet publishes regularly original articles ( just a few minutes ago we posted this one ) .
Moreover , many articles we publish are sent us by their authors for publication and Uruknet links to their blogs and websites for fairness .
3 ) The Google Team writes “ We currently do n’t include sites that are primarily news aggregators . ”
This is patently false because Google News does include a lot of websites that are primarily or exclusively news aggregators .
While a few of them hide the original source , most of them openly quote the link to the original source as we do .
Of course we do n’t name these websites because we do n’t want to give them problems with Google , but one can easily find them on Google News ; 4 ) Finally , being this the forth time just in a couple of years Google News stopped indexing Uruknet .
info , we acknowledge that every single time Google gave us a different reason .
From WikiLeaks
Donate to WikiLeaks
Unless otherwise specified , the document described here : Was first publicly revealed by WikiLeaks working with our source .
Was classified , confidential , censored or otherwise withheld from the public before release .
Is of political , diplomatic , ethical or historical significance .
Any questions about this document 's veracity are noted .
The summary is approved by the editorial board .
See here for a detailed explanation of the information on this page .
If you have similar or updated material , see our submission instructions .
Contact us Press inquiries Follow updates
Release date May 17 , 2008
Summary
Suppressed Wikinews article about Barbara Bauer vs. Wikimedia Foundation from May 9 , 2008 .
The article was deleted immediately prior to publication by the Wikimedia Foundation head office ( not by the author or the Wikinews editorial team ) .
Wikinews and Wikipedia are legally and physically controlled by the " Wikimedia foundation " ( no relation to Wikileaks ) .
The US Communications Deceny
Act section 230 grants providers of internet services ( such as the Wikipedia and Wikinews ) immunity from most legal action related to user generated content .
The suppression of the article appears to have been motivated by the Wikimedia Foundation board wishing to keep certain details of the Barbara Bauer case secret .
A 78 message thread on the Wikimedia Foundation Mailinglist appears here .
The most important message of which follows :
Re : Fwd : [ WL - News ]
Wikimedia Foundation in danger oflosing immunity under the Communications Decency Act Click to flag this post by Brian McNeil - 2 May 20 , 2008 ; 03:24 am I deleted the article .
Cary contacted me via
Skype late at night and said Mike [ Godwin , WMF counsel ] wanted to talk to me .
I forwarded my cellphone number .
When I saw the article in question , there was no doubt in my mind that it could readily be construed as actionable libel .
Thus , I deleted it .
The Bauer case is more complex .
Her article was removed from Wikipedia - as I see it - in a good faith move to encourage the court to throw out her action against WMF .
Wikinews reported on this , and that article was quashed .
Everyone will be able to see why when - hopefully - the court throws out her allegations against the WMF .
In this case the EFF is championing the cause , but rules and guidelines are needed ; both to retain S.230 protection and to maintain Wikinews ' impartiality .
Brian McNeil _______________________________________________
foundation - l mailing list
A text version of the censored article follows this description .
See also Wikinews suppressed Wikipedia pornography investigation
Download
Further information
11270
Rich Text Format data , version 1 , ANSI
SHA256 5035e4c4456ff991fac9f64b107a3cd7f63eaaf6c889e9d6a3b9073b6996b781
May 9 , 2008
A lawsuit has been filed against the Wikimedia Foundation , the parent organization of the popular online encyclopedia Wikipedia , by Barbara Bauer of ' Barbara Bauer Literacy Agency ' , an agency claiming it is " specializing in the development and marketing of new and unpublished authors . "
As a result of the associated conflict , edits pertaining to Bauer on Wikipedia were deleted and , following the commencement of legal proceedings , Wikinews exclusively obtained the offending texts and edits .
A press release by the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) issued on May 2 defends against a suit Bauer filed against Wikimedia which states that contributors on Wikipedia posted " libel statements " against Bauer that labeled her as number three on a list of twenty people grouped as the " worst " publishing agents , and included allegations that she had " no documented sales " through her firm .
Complaints filed against her and her firm state that Bauer had a bad record when dealing with " commercial publishers , " , and questioning her practice of , " charge[ing ] in advance of making a sale , against the generally - accepted industry practice . "
In March of 2007 , Wikimedia was named in a lawsuit filed in Superior Court of Monmouth , New Jersey , along with 20 other defendants which included operators of the Absolute Write web site and the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America who authored the list .
Wikinews has learned that Bauer 's Wikipedia article was deleted some time during the course of the proceedings , along with the edit history of her article and its talk page as a " courtesy . "
During our investigation , Wikinews found that all edits to her article , and edits to pages requesting it to be deleted were deleted by Wikipedia administrator MaxSem .
Wikinews has also exclusively obtained all the edits affiliated with Bauer 's article , which was sourced accurately , the deletion requests along with the edit history of all pages related to the discussion about Bauer 's article .
Fearing retribution on Wikipedia by other administrators and users , the source who provided Wikinews with the edit information wishes to remain anonymous .
The deleted Wikipedia article on Bauer stated that she claims " to have placed books with a number of well - known commercial publishers , but does not provide specific details of the books in question .
In 2006 , due to the number of complaints they receive , Writer Beware ( part of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America writers ' organization ) listed Bauer 's agency as one of the twenty worst literary agencies . "
Bauer 's article was started on May 25 , 2006 but was not deleted until March 21 , 2008 by Wikipedia administrator and Wikimedia office employee Cary Bass , who was not able to comment on the incident .
It underwent two requests to be deleted , with the second one passing , and it was subsequently deleted .
It had first been deleted on March 25 , 2007 by Doc Glasgow , an administrator , amid allegations that the information presented in the article was " a bloody disgrace , full of ' allegations of who said what on message boards .
No mainstream media interest . "
It was later restored on March 26 to undergo a " deletion review . "
It was then deleted just under one year later after an extensive discussion .
Edit histories of Bauer 's article confirm that blog postings from a now defunct site called NielsenHayden.com which was " critical of Bauer " , was taken off line by their internet service provider after Bauer made legal threats to the owners .
Wikinews has attempted to contact the author of these posts , who goes by the name JulesH on Wikipedia , but has yet to receive a response .
One blog even states that Bauer attempted to get people fired from their jobs , after allegedly posting information online that was in any way connected to the Top 20 worst agents .
" Barbara Bauer has been running around the Internet lately threatening people who 've posted information about her fee- charging , non-manuscript - selling ways , including people who've linked to the Twenty Worst list .
She has threatened legal action ; she has even attempted to get people fired , " states Victoria Strauss on accrispin.blogspot.com .
The EFF , along with attorneys at Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton , are defending Wikimedia submitting a motion to dismiss the suit against the Foundation .
The Foundation says that that the First Amendment of the United States Bill of Rights and New Jersey law protect the contributers from any legal action .
" Wikimedia asks the Court to dismiss the claims against it , with prejudice .
The claims against Wikimedia are frivolous because they are barred as a matter of law by the Communications Decency Act ( 47 U.S.C. § 230 ( c ) , " Section 230 " or the " CDA " ) , by the First Amendment , and by New Jersey law .
Wikipedia is an online encyclopedia written by its users , the content of which can be created , edited , or removed by anyone .
The claims arise from statements made on numerous Internet websites , which Plaintiffs assert describe them as being among the " 20 Worst Literary Agents " and having " no ... significant track record of sales to commercial ( advance paying ) published " states the motion filed in Superior Court of New Jersey , Monmouth County .
Specifically , Section 230 of the act states , " no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider .
No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be held liable on account of any action voluntarily taken in good faith to restrict access to or availability of material that the provider or user considers to be obscene , lewd , lascivious , filthy , excessively violent , harassing , or otherwise objectionable , whether or not such material is constitutionally protected . "
Bauer claims that her agency informed Wikimedia of the false allegations , and requested that they be removed .
She also claimed that Wikimedia refused to remove the information when requested .
Bauer further states that the contributers involved with her Wikipedia article " conspired to defame Plaintiffs and interfere with their prospective economic advantage . "
Mike Godwin , attorney for the Foundation states that the point of Wikipedia is to return the knowledge it provides , to a worldwide culture .
" We provide a platform through Wikipedia for smart citizens to give their knowledge back to a larger culture .
Our ability to offer citizens that platform is what 's at stake in this case , " said attorney representing the Foundation , Mike Godwin in a EFF press release on May 2 , 2008 .
Despite the claim of freedom of speech , Wikinews has learned that on the same day , Godwin requested that the edits and the article on Wikipedia relating to Bauer , be deleted by a community action .
Godwin also stated that the Foundation has " filed court papers in which we stated that the article is no longer available . "
" I 've been trying to keep ' Office actions ' to a minimum ( partly in reaction to some fairly heavy - handed WP : OFFICE stuff in the past ) , and it would be helpful to be able to say that any given action was taken by the community , not by the Foundation , " said Godwin on Wikipedia 's Administrators ' noticeboard on May 2 , the same day of the EFF 's press release .
' Office actions ' are changes directly authorized by the Foundation which are made to content on any of the Wikimedia projects .
The edits are made by staff members working for the Foundation 's head office located in San Francisco , California .
Edits of this nature are generally " removals of questionable or illegal Wikimedia content following complaints , " according to Wikipedia 's policy on ' Office Actions . '
A few minutes after , MaxSem , an Wikipedia administrator , deleted the edits related to the deletion request of Bauer 's article as a " courtesy " stating that there would be " legal problems " if the edits were not deleted .
A few hours later , the edits were restored by an unknown administrator and as of this report , they are still visible to anyone on Wikipedia .
S ources
Su eBay si moltiplicano i venditori che non spediscono in Italia
E sotto accusa finiscono i servizi postali del nostro paese
" Le vostre poste non funzionano "
Su eBay non vendono agli italiani
I pacchi spediti arrivano in ritardo o non arrivano per niente
di FRANCESCO CACCAVELLA
Enlarge By Michael A. Schwarz for USA TODAY Holly Springs , Ga. , police Sgt. F.K. " Bucky " Morrison issues a speeding ticket on I - 575 to Ryan Sylvester .
JOIN THE DISCUSSION JOIN THE DISCUSSION
The average price of a gallon of regular gasoline is rising fast .
How has the price affected you ?
Join the discussion at USA TODAY 's Fuel Forum to swap stories and money - saving tips with fellow readers .
CALCULATE YOUR GAS COSTS CALCULATE YOUR GAS COSTS HOLLY SPRINGS , Ga . 
The surging price of gasoline has come to this : a " fuel surcharge " on your next speeding ticket .
Drivers caught speeding in this north Atlanta suburb soon will have to pay an extra $ 12 — to cover $ 4 - a - gallon gas costs for the police officers who stop them .
The City Council passed the fee hike , effective July 1 , to offset fuel prices that have eaten up nearly 60 % of the police department 's 2008 fuel budget , Police Chief Ken Ball says .
He expects the fee increase , which applies to all moving violations and can be rescinded if gas prices fall below $ 3 a gallon , to generate $ 19,500 to $ 26,000 a year for the town of 7,700 .
Ball says he was seeking ways to maintain patrols despite record high gas prices .
" I was hearing that Delta ( Air Lines ) , pizza deliverers , florists were adding fuel charges to their services , and I thought , why not police departments ? " he says .
Atlanta might be next .
Monday , the City Council approved by a 13 - 0 vote Councilman C.T. Martin 's proposal to add a $ 10 - $ 15 surcharge for motorists convicted of speeding and other moving violations , Martin says .
" I want to recover the cost of the extra gas … without raising property taxes , " he says .
The legislation awaits Mayor Shirley Franklin 's approval .
Other cities could follow .
Ball says he 's being " inundated " by calls from police chiefs and city managers .
" I 've heard from at least a dozen police chiefs and half a dozen city managers , " he says of the measure passed Monday night .
" They want to know how we did it , and could we send them a copy of the ordinance . "
Wendy Balazik , spokeswoman for the International Association of Chiefs of Police , says she 's not aware of any other cities adding such a surcharge .
" But it makes sense , " she says .
" Law enforcement agencies are already facing a number of financial pressures , and rising fuel costs can't help the situation at all . "
The National League of Cities says it is unaware of other cities adding such fees .
The national average cost for a gallon of regular gas was $ 4.078 Tuesday , according to auto club AAA and the Oil Price Information Service .
Katie Harris , 20 , a babysitter and student at Georgia Perimeter College , does n't like the new fines .
" It always seems like government officials are trying to take money from citizens ' pockets , " she says .
Holly Springs Mayor Tim Downing says : " This is a self - taxing system .
If you do n't break the law , you do n't pay the tax . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Nearly two years into a housing decline that has resulted in hundreds of thousands of foreclosures , frozen credit markets and dragged the nation ’s economy toward recession , many Americans hope the end is near .
Most economists believe the worst is yet to come .
“ I see absolutely no signs of a bottoming , either nationally or in the regions , ” said Patrick Newport , who tracks the housing market for Global Insight , an economic forecasting firm in Lexington , Mass .
Elsewhere in the economy , some analysts find encouraging signs .
Last month ’s gross domestic product numbers were a bit better than expected , while the consumer price index has risen relatively little since the huge price increases in oil , food and many other commodities that have occurred in recent months .
And the financial crisis that paralyzed credit markets may have begun to ease .
Advertisement
If the country is to avoid a full - scale recession , however , as some analysts are beginning to consider possible , the economy is apparently going to have to pull itself back from the brink without help from the housing industry .
“ The housing correction is still going to be with us this time next year , ” said Celia Chen , a housing economist at Moody ’s Economy.com in West Chester , Pa .
“ The slowdown we ’ve seen in the U.S. economy since late last year appears to be directly linked to the housing crisis and the self - reinforcing cycle of defaults and foreclosures , putting more downward pressure on the housing market and leading to yet more defaults and foreclosures , ” Sheila Bair , chairwoman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , said in a speech Friday .
“ We need to find better ways to help struggling homeowners . ”
When it comes to housing , the optimists are those who see the near free fall in home prices as encouraging :
It may at least shorten the economic agony .
Advertisement
“ Because the prices are going down so fast , we ’ll be hitting the stabilization point sooner , ” said Lawrence Yun , chief economist at the National Assn. of Realtors .
On Friday , the Commerce Department reported that housing construction rose 8.2 % in April , the biggest increase in more than two years , but the gain was the result of a surge in new apartment buildings , while single - family home starts kept dropping .
Demand for rental units typically rises when homeownership becomes more difficult .
And some analysts think the April gains were an anomaly .
The hard truth is that the housing correction is turning out to be deeper and longer than nearly anyone anticipated .
And that ’s bad news , not just for homeowners and would - be home buyers but for pretty much everyone .
Advertisement
With every month of lower home prices , homeowners see their net worth decline .
Potential purchasers are paralyzed by a lack of financing and by the fear that if they buy before the market hits bottom , they will lose money too .
Already , several major retailers tied closely to housing -- furniture chains such as Levitz Furniture and home improvement stores including Home Depot Inc. -- have gone out of business or suffered big losses .
Smaller companies are feeling the crunch too .
In Brighton , Colo. , Matt Edmundson says his family ’s wholesale nursery business has declined 30 % in the last two years .
His primary customers -- once accounting for 75 % of sales -- were businesses installing new landscaping for newly built homes and businesses .
“ Our largest customer three years ago was doing 8,000 frontyard homes a year , ” Edmundson said from his office at Arbor Valley Nursery .
“ Last year they were down to 3,000 and this year to 1,500 -- that ’s a pretty drastic decrease .
We ’ve shifted focus more into the commercial market , but now the whole pie is smaller . ”
Advertisement
And the damage has not been confined to those closely tied to housing .
Economists estimate that the housing downturn has dragged the country ’s gross domestic product down by about 1 percentage point for the last year .
“ It ripples in many ways and in many unexpected ways , ” said Michael Niemira , chief economist for the International Council of Shopping Centers .
“ Everybody is touched in some way , whether you are a high - end consumer with an investment in the stock market or someone who is just starting out and wants a loan for a house or a car . ”
Dean Baker , co-director at the Center for Economic and Policy Research , a left - leaning think tank in Washington , said the correction was taking a huge toll on consumer spending .
“ People ’s ability to spend depends in part on their housing wealth , ” Baker said .
“ If we ’re losing more than $ 4 trillion in housing wealth in the course of a year , that ’s over $ 60,000 per homeowner .
That has an enormous impact on consumption . ”
Advertisement
Economists say consumer spending is the economy ’s main driver , accounting for about 70 % of GDP .
How much longer will home prices fall , and how much further ?
In a speech Friday , Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. said the crisis was likely to last into next year .
“ We did n’t get here quickly .
There were years of excesses .
And this wo n’t be resolved quickly , ” Paulson said in remarks at a business luncheon .
“ Housing is the biggest risk to our economy , ” he said .
Advertisement
Over the last year , index prices have fallen 12 % to 14 % , and Moody ’s Chen thinks they have an additional 10 % or 12 % to go .
“ I think we ’re about halfway there , ” she said .
Yun of the National Assn. of Realtors said prices of existing homes had fallen about 8.5 % since their peak in the summer of 2006 and probably had 10 % more to go .
“ Peak to trough , we ’ll be looking at 20 % or even greater , ” he said .
Baker thinks that ’s too optimistic .
Before the mid-1990s , he said , house prices moved up roughly in line with inflation .
But since 1996 , they have gone up 170 % -- well above the rate of inflation .
Advertisement
To bring them back to where they would have been without the bubble , Baker estimated , would mean a drop in real prices of about 40 % .
“ Given how fast prices are falling now , we could see the prices adjusted by the end of the year , ” Baker said .
Thomas Lawler , a housing economist who runs a consulting firm in Leesburg , Va. , noted that in the last housing price correction , which occurred in the early 1990s , it wound up taking prices seven years to drop 20 % .
Compared with that protracted slump and recovery , he thinks the current free fall in home prices is a good thing .
“ Do you want a slow bleed ? ” Lawler asked .
“ Would n’t it be nice to just get it over with ?
It might be that that ’s what we ’re seeing . ”
Advertisement
The reason economists have trouble agreeing on the duration of the downturn is that in many ways , it ’s more a matter of psychology than economics .
How long will homes need to be on the market before sellers are willing to drop their prices low enough to find buyers ?
And how long will it take for enough sellers to do that to work through the roughly 10 - month backlog in sales inventory ?
The question troubling policymakers is whether the government can or should do anything to contain the damage .
Lawler believes that the government should help ease the liquidity crisis facing banks but should stay out of the housing market itself .
He thinks measures currently under consideration in Congress would interfere with the natural correction of the market .
Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass. ) , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , said Congress ’ goal was to reduce the effect of the housing crisis on the overall economy .
He has authored a plan that would greatly expand the availability of government - insured mortgages in an effort to limit the ripple effects of large numbers of foreclosures on local communities .
Advertisement
“ We ’re not trying to stop housing prices from dropping , ” Frank said in a recent interview .
But without his plan , he said , “ the recession will be longer and deeper than it otherwise would be . ”
Nicolas Retsinas , director of Harvard University ’s Joint Center for Housing Studies , noted that a downturn in construction had already led to layoffs in related industries and that declines in house values were already draining local budgets for schools and roads .
In the end , he said , the longer the housing downturn lasts , the worse the knock - on effects for everyone .
“ There are more and more reasons to be concerned that the correction will be deeper and have a contagion effect on the rest of the economy , ” Retsinas said .
“ I do n’t think the market self - corrects without substantial collateral damage to the communities they are in . ”
Advertisement
--
maura.reynolds@latimes.com
By Mark O’Neill
One of the features I like the most in Google is the suggestions feature when you are typing in your keywords .
But sometimes you come across some really crazy and outrageous suggestions .
I mean , look at these ones … .
81,300 pages for that ?
Yes , many a long and cold night , I have tapped away at Google , searching for the solution to that riddle .
But still the answer eludes me ….
You do n’t need Google to tell you that one !
I suppose it all depends on the class of girl you ’re dating !
Nice girls do n’t fart ( apparently ) while guys just fart away ALL the time …
Now you may say this is just my imagination but Google searchers seem to have an unhealthy obsession with black people !
First with black kids in the cafeteria and now this ?
Why are black people black ?
What the hell ?
And are there really 51.9 million pages on the subject ?
Phil Leggiere
Do n’t Tase Me , Bro !
April 30 , 2008
U of Michigan professor unfamiliar with Mike ’s Hard Lemonade orders his son a lemonade at baseball game .
After boy is discovered by a security guard sipping the bottle police and child protective services remove boy to foster home .
Detroit Free - Press reports :
If you watch much television , you ’ve probably heard of a product called Mike ’s Hard Lemonade .
And if you ask Christopher Ratte and his wife how they lost custody of their 7 - year - old son , the short version is that nobody in the Ratte family watches much television .
The way police and child protection workers figure it , Ratte should have known that what a Comerica Park vendor handed over when Ratte ordered a lemonade for his boy three Saturdays ago contained alcohol , and Ratte ’s ignorance justified placing young Leo in foster care until his dad got up to speed on the commercial beverage industry .
Even if , in hindsight , that decision seems a bit , um , idiotic .
Ratte is a tenured professor of classical archaeology at the University of Michigan , which means that , on a given day , he ’s more likely to be excavating ancient burial sites in Turkey than watching " Dancing with the Stars " — or even the History Channel , for that matter .
The 47 - year - old academic says he was n’t even aware alcoholic lemonade existed when he and Leo stopped at a concession stand on the way to their seats in Section 114 .
" I ’d never drunk it , never purchased it , never heard of it , " Ratte of Ann Arbor told me sheepishly last week .
" And it ’s certainly not what I expected when I ordered a lemonade for my 7 - year - old . "
But it was n’t until the top of the ninth inning that a Comerica Park security guard noticed the bottle in young Leo ’s hand .
" You know this is an alcoholic beverage ? " the guard asked the professor .
" You ’ve got to be kidding , " Ratte replied .
He asked for the bottle , but the security guard snatched it before Ratte could examine the label .
Mistake or child neglect ?
An hour later , Ratte was being interviewed by a Detroit police officer at Children ’s Hospital , where a physician at the Comerica Park clinic had dispatched Leo — by ambulance ! — after a cursory exam .
Leo betrayed no symptoms of inebriation .
But the physician and a police officer from the Comerica substation suggested the ER visit after the boy admitted he was feeling a little nauseated .
The Comerica cop estimated that Leo had drunk about 12 ounces of the hard lemonade , which is 5 % alcohol .
But an ER resident who drew Leo ’s blood less than 90 minutes after he and his father were escorted from their seats detected no trace of alcohol .
" Completely normal appearing , " the resident wrote in his report , " … he is cleared to go home . "
But it would be two days before the state of Michigan allowed Ratte ’s wife , U - M architecture professor Claire Zimmerman , to take their son home , and nearly a week before Ratte was permitted to move back into his own house .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
At 10 minutes to 6 , Ernie Johnson walks on to the “ Inside the NBA ” set in Studio J , a Turner Network Television facility .
The set ’s focal point is a desk , where Johnson sits , with empty chairs on either side .
The set is a dizzying , dazzling array of red and blue light .
It includes a little living room , a full - height , half - court basketball playing area , enough pennants to outfit a Mardi Gras parade , and a mock night - time high - rise skyline .
The set is gaudy and somewhat ridiculous for a venue where what mainly happens is three guys sit around and talk , mostly -- but by no means exclusively -- about basketball .
At five minutes before 6 , however , Johnson has no one to talk to .
He ’s alone at the desk .
At three minutes before , he ’s still alone .
Advertisement
At two minutes , alone .
At 90 seconds to air , Kenny “ The Jet ” Smith saunters on set and takes the chair immediately to Johnson ’s left .
He ’s followed by Charles Barkley , conducting a loud and profane discussion with one of the show ’s staff .
As soon as he sits down , he starts loudly recounting another argument , this one with producer Tim Kiely , who , Barkley says , is censoring free speech and threatening the future of civilization by prohibiting Barkley from using a slang word for feces on the air .
“ I ’m bitter and angry tonight , ” Barkley announces almost exactly at the moment Johnson looks up and , in the steady , comforting tones of the professional broadcaster , welcomes several million fans around the world to another edition of “ Inside the NBA . ”
Advertisement
The show , which originates in Los Angeles tonight for the Western Conference finals , is without much contest the world ’s best show about basketball .
With the NBA playoffs in full flower , we ’re reminded again that the most entertaining figure in professional basketball , maybe in all of sport , is not Kobe or LeBron or any other mere player .
It is Barkley , just one - third , or sometimes one - fourth , of a talking - head panel -- most of it bald -- that introduces and analyzes the games .
In addition to these duties , Barkley , 45 , is a declared 2014 candidate for governor of Alabama ; a member of the basketball Hall of Fame ; co-star of a mobile telephone advertising campaign wherein he , nearly a decade past his playing days , and not the current NBA star who shares billing with him , is clearly the main attraction ; a compulsive gambler ( on Tuesday he paid off a $ 400,000 debt to a Vegas casino ) ; an erstwhile hero of the political right , from within which one blogger hailed him as a philosopher , poet , genius and the next president of the United States ; inspiration for the chart - topping group Gnarls Barkley ; and gracious butt of a thousand jokes .
Barkley , above all else , is someone who will say whatever occurs to him when it occurs to him , whether or not he ’s on the air .
Advertisement
To wit :
Talking during a game recently about a free throw missed at a crucial time by a high - percentage free - throw shooter , he said : “ That 90 % does n’t mean nothing when you have a tight sphincter . ”
Talking about a bad team : “ The Nets are like the Democrats . . . they do n’t win even though the rest of the division sucks . ”
Talking about whether New York Knicks Coach Isiah Thomas ’ job is safe : “ He ’s about as safe as me in a room full of cookies .
If I ’m in a room full of cookies , the cookies ai n’t got no damn chance . ”
Advertisement
Ernie Johnson recalls that the first time Barkley appeared on the show , in 2000 , Barkley asked Smith during a break what he was going to talk about during the next segment .
Johnson recalled , “ Kenny said , ‘ You ’ll find out . ’ ”
This was perfect , said Kiely the producer .
Kiely ’s notion was to have a show that was spontaneous , dynamic , like an overheard conversation .
His ideal was closer to the PBS political shout - fest “ The McLaughlin Group ” than to conventional television sports post - and pregame analysis .
Barkley was more than accommodating .
That first year , he accused the league of giving TNT all the bad games : “ NBC gets all the good games .
We get the Little Sisters of the Poor . ”
He said he could beat the Detroit Pistons with a team of studio technicians .
He said All - Star Grant Hill ’s ears were too big .
He delivered these comments and many , many more in a voice that ranged between a bray and a sonic boom .
His weight became a recurring subject of conversation .
By NBA standards , he is not tall ; he ’s slightly more than 6 feet 4 inches , yet he carries more than 300 pounds , much of it in a backside that his wife , Maureen , once said was “ the size of New Jersey . ”
Advertisement
To simply call Barkley fat , however , is to disregard the physical power at his command .
As a player , he was the shortest man ever to lead the league in rebounding , a skill derived more from desire and ferocity than height .
“ If you want to be a rebounder you have to approach it like , ‘ Let ’s just beat the hell out of each other all night . ’
It ’s all you ’ve got , ” Barkley said .
Barkley ’s ferocity notwithstanding , the show treated him like a pinata .
A computer graphics guy routinely placed Barkley ’s big , round , shaven head on top of ridiculously mismatched bodies , which the show ’s director then played on air almost endlessly .
A weekly feature the first year was Barkley getting on a scale to see how much weight he had -- or had not -- lost .
He took it all with good grace and laughter .
Advertisement
Kenny Smith said when he began on the show in 1998 he imagined it was something he would do for a year , maybe two .
“ The second year started being something different .
Charles took it and exploded it .
It just escalated , ” he said .
“ Between Charles and I , there ’s nothing that ’s going to happen in a basketball game that we have n’t seen or experienced .
Once we started to trust one another , there was no looking back .
We ’ve become part of the game . ”
Players watch the show carefully .
In interviews at halftimes of games , they complain about something said on “ Inside ” before the game started .
You tell Charles and Kenny , they ’ll say .
Or , What Charles said ai n’t right .
At the same time , the “ Inside ” cast has become guidance counselors , favored uncles , givers of grown - up advice .
Their cellphones receive endless streams of text messages and calls from players around the league seeking advice , critiquing their critiques , angling for guest spots at the desk , complaining about playing time .
Advertisement
Johnson prepares for each show by studying clips and statistics and reading for five or six hours .
He arrives at the studio by noon most days , a time at which Barkley is apt to be asleep .
“ I get up late .
I ’m in no hurry to get out of bed .
I like having free time to do nothing , ” he says .
After Johnson ’s opening , Smith and Barkley and sometimes a fourth person , almost always a player or one not long retired , add a minute or two of commentary , then the game starts and they retreat to a viewing room equipped with a 20 - foot tall wall of television monitors .
They go back on set to talk for a few minutes at halftime .
On this night they get in an argument about proper punishment for players who are n’t in the game but rush to the assistance of other players involved in confrontations on the floor .
As often happens , Johnson and Smith have one opinion , Barkley another .
The argument outlasts the halftime ; they go off - air , the game resumes , but the three of them stay there on the set arguing .
Advertisement
They retreat again to the viewing room until the game is over , when they come back out for the meat of the show , 30 minutes of commentary , highlights and often some bit the crew has cooked up to make one or more of them look foolish .
While watching in the viewing room , Barkley spends a lot of time critiquing everything in sight -- the game , the referees , the coaches , the food , the staff , Smith .
On this night they ’re watching the surprising Atlanta Hawks taking on the heavily favored Celtics .
One of the young Hawks , Josh Childress , has a throw - back Afro hairstyle that Barkley does n’t like .
“ Kenny , Kenny , ” he calls out , “ you and Josh Childress look a lot alike . ”
Advertisement
Smith , who shaves his head and looks nothing like Childress , does n’t respond .
“ You do , ” Barkley says .
“ You got something in common . ”
Still no reply .
“ You ’re both ugly , ” Barkley says .
Smith finally rises to the bait , telling Barkley that he and Cleveland Cavalier Coach Mike Brown , who has just popped up on screen , look alike .
“ You both got Milk Dud heads , ” he says .
Advertisement
Before Barkley can counter that insult , somebody misses a wide - open jump shot on the big screen at the center of the monitor wall .
Smith , who was one of the best shooters in the league when he played , expresses dismay .
You ca n’t miss wide - open jumpers , he says .
Barkley says why not ?
Nobody is going to make more than half of them .
Half ?
Are you nuts ?
“ A good shooter will make 80 out of 100 of those , ” Smith says .
“ Eighty percent ?
Nobody makes 80 % , ” Barkley says .
Smith , seeking reinforcement , telephones his brother , Vince , who coaches youth basketball and who confirms : 80 % .
Advertisement
Barkley ’s not convinced .
The discussion goes on a while , then comes the inevitable offer of a bet .
They ’ll go to the gym tomorrow and Smith will shoot the 100 shots .
Although retired for a decade , he has no doubt whatsoever he ’ll make 80 .
Barkley says , “ I ’m going to go to the bank tomorrow and get all my money .
I got a sucker bet here . ”
One wonders who the sucker is since Barkley has admitted losing millions in Vegas .
Smith decides he needs still more reinforcement .
“ Let ’s call Reggie , ” he says , referring to Reggie Miller , a colleague who sometimes sits in with the panel and on this night did the on-site commentary for the Cleveland - Washington game .
Miller is regarded as one of the best shooters in league history .
Barkley will accept him as an expert witness only if he , Barkley , can frame the questions .
On the speaker phone , Barkley asks the question about the jump shot .
Miller , who is at least as voluble and argumentative as Barkley and Smith , asks half a dozen questions about the situation .
Good shooter , great shooter ?
How far ?
Unguarded ?
What gym ?
How much time ?
When he finally has all the information , he answers : “ Seventy - five to 80 . ”
Advertisement
Smith preens .
Barkley yells a sarcastic thanks .
Smith tells
Miller it ’s too bad he ’s stuck in Cleveland .
“ Hey , ” Miller says , “ we got drunk girls pounding on the door asking if we ’re coming back for the conference finals . ”
What ’s most notable about this small episode is that you could imagine it occurring on the air without the slightest change .
It ’s Kiely ’s dream come true .
“ People say , ‘ Y ’all make me laugh every night . ’
That ’s what ’s important , ” Barkley says .
“ This is basketball .
We ’re not going to save the world .
When I go on the air , I want people to know I have fun .
We got a great job .
We get paid to watch sports . ”
Advertisement
Barkley in his playing days seemed always to be in hot water for something he said or did .
Most notably , he vigorously complained that it was worse than ridiculous -- actually harmful -- for black athletes to be proclaimed role models for black youth .
It fostered a false sense of opportunity , he said , leading kids to think they could find prosperity on an athletic field , a high - risk strategy at best .
That view is now widely shared , but Barkley was pilloried for it at the time .
He traveled by himself , hung out with ordinary people , drank at the bar and would talk to anyone who approached him .
He paid a price for his openness .
Sometimes arguments ensued .
Some of these arguments escalated into physical fights , one of which concluded when Barkley threw a man through a bar - room window .
He commented later his only regret was that it had n’t been on a higher floor .
Barkley has a straightforward view of most things :
Teams lose games because they miss shots , have bad players or just generally stink ; African American kids get into trouble because they go to bad schools in bad neighborhoods and their families have been crushed by centuries of racism .
Barkley escaped similar circumstances and has given millions to schools in Alabama , where he was born , and Phoenix , where he played for years .
He splits his time between homes in Phoenix and Philadelphia , but has purchased a house in Alabama to establish residency there ( which takes seven years ) in preparation for a gubernatorial campaign he says he ’ll conduct as a Democrat .
Advertisement
It used to be written frequently that he was a conservative Republican .
The misunderstanding occurred , he says , because once in conversation with his mother and a reporter , his mother said Republicans were only for the rich folks .
To which Barkley replied : “ Mom , we are rich folks . ”
He says he ’s never voted for a Republican in his life .
Talking on CNN recently about conservative Republicans , Barkley remarked : “ Every time I hear the word ‘ conservative ’ it makes me sick to my stomach , because they ’re really just fake Christians , as I call them .
That ’s all they are . ”
“ I do n’t know what a conservative or liberal is , ” he says .
“ I ’m pro-choice ; government should create jobs for people , keep them safe .
That ’s all I want .
Keep people safe , give them good schools , jobs . ”
This , he says , referring to his TNT work , is just a warm - up .
“ There ’s got to be more than this .
I have a gift .
I should use it , ” he says .
Advertisement
Indeed , there probably is more to life than basketball , but for the time being Barkley has his hands full with just that .
On this night , for example , there is a line of acceptable NBA style that has been crossed by Philadelphia 76er center Samuel Dalembert , who has gotten what appears to be a playoff makeover , a modified Mohawk haircut with his initials in relief .
It is clear that Dalembert , an otherwise handsome man , has transgressed .
Somebody needs to do something .
“ Sucky ‘ do , ’ ” Barkley says , then after a moment ’s contemplation adds , “ No grown - ass man should have a Mohawk . ”
Barkley , as usual , is on the case .
Advertisement
--
terry.mcdermott@latimes.com
About
Welcome to Aplia 's economic news blog , a place to explore current events that relate to your econ classes .
We 'd love to hear your comments .
To send us feedback , contact us at
Subscribe to this blog
Previous Posts
Topics
Updated at 9:00 p.m. EDT , May 1 , 2008
At least 93 Iraqis were killed and 212 more were wounded in the latest violence .
Two mass grave were found in Duluiya , but the number of bodies was not reported yet .
An American soldier was killed during a car bombing today in central Baghdad .
Also , the DOD announced the death of a Marine in Texas ; he died from wounds received in 2005 in Anbar province .
A female suicide bomber killed 35 people and wounded 76 others in Balad Ruz .
After the bomber struck a wedding convoy , another suicide bomber targeted the first responders who arrived on the scene .
In Baghdad , five bodies were found .
A car bomb targeting a U.S. patrol killed nine and wounded 26 others in Camp Sara ; three American soldiers were also injured .
In Salhiya , a mortar shell wounded three people .
A civilian was wounded in Tayaran Square when members of a private security company opened fire .
A roadside bomb in Ghadeer injured two policemen and wounded three civilians .
A roadside bomb in Bayaa left no casualties , but three were injured by a bomb in Zaafaraniyah .
Five civilians were injured during a bombing in al - Obeidi Mosque .
A large cache of weapons was confiscated in Abu Dsheer .
Also , clashes broke out in Amil , where U.S. airstrikes left five dead , 12 wounded , and hit watermains .
In Sadr City , U.S. forces reported killing 17 gunmen in separate clashes .
Hospital officials said that 11 bodies were brought to the hospital and 72 people were treated for injuries .
Two Iraqi soldiers were killed in Mosul when a roadside bomb blasted them .
A bicycle bomb targeting an Awakening Council ( Sahwa ) patrol in Hawija wounded two of them and a child .
In Duluiya , two Arab nationals blew themselves up during a raid .
Two policemen were injured during the blasts .
Also , two mass graves were found .
Twelve roadside bombs were defused in Basra .
A roadside in Abu Khames killed one Iraqi soldier and wounded four others .
An Iraqi BBC correspondent was arrested for unknown reasons in Karbala .
U.S. troops killed six people and arrested 10 suspects across Iraq .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
US police are investigating a video showing a group of officers in Philadelphia apparently pulling three suspects out of a car and beating them .
The incident was filmed by a TV helicopter overhead .
The officers were responding to reports of a shooting nearby , police said .
Members of the force are said to have been put on edge by the killing of an officer on Saturday during a robbery .
The officer was the third killed on duty in the city in the last two years .
" On the surface it certainly does not look good in terms of the amount of force that was used , " Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey admitted , after seeing the video .
" But we do n't want to rush to judgement . "
It was not clear what preceded the confrontation .
Attorney D Scott Perrine , who represents the three men seen in the video , called the police actions unjustified .
He said police told him all three men would be charged with aggravated assault .
Tourist charged with killing wife on honeymoon dive that was caught on camera by another holidaymaker
Gabe Watson has been charged with the murder of his wife , Tina
An American tourist was charged with murder in Australia on Friday for allegedly drowning his wife during a honeymoon dive on the Great Barrier Reef .
Police immediately began preparing a warrant for the arrest of the suspect , Daniel Gabriel Watson of Birmingham , Alabama - the first step in what are likely to be drawn - out extradition proceedings .
Watson faces a maximum penalty of life in prison if convicted of murder .
His lawyer did not immediately enter a plea , but he has argued that the evidence does not support any criminal charge and that police have seemed intent on blaming him anyway .
The suspect was not present in court and his exact whereabouts were unclear .
The charge was formally made by a coroner who conducted a months - long inquest into whether there were suspicious circumstances in the death of Christina Mae Watson on Oct. 22 , 2003 .
The 26 - year - old woman , known as Tina , drowned while diving on a historic shipwreck near the northeastern city of Townsville as her husband of 11 days looked on .
Watson , usually called Gabe , declined to testify at the inquest , although videotaped interviews with police formed a key part of evidence before it .
In the interviews , Watson said his new bride apparently had trouble a few minutes into the dive , panicked and clutched at his mask , pushing it off his face .
He described seeing her , with her eyes wide and arms outstretched toward him , sinking into the deep .
The groom , an experienced diver who had completed a dive rescue course , was acting as a so - called dive buddy for his less - experienced wife .
He told police he decided to go for help rather than following her to the sea floor and attempting a rescue .
One of the dive leaders pulled Tina Watson to the surface .
Efforts to resuscitate her failed .
Scroll down for more
Horror : Novice diver Tina Watson lying motionless on the sea floor as a fellow diver poses for a photo .
A dive leader , left , is seen swimming to rescue her
Queensland state coroner David Glasgow 's inquest heard that police , who initially believed the death to be an accident , started to become suspicious when Watson changed some details of his account .
An autopsy found no pre-existing medical condition that could have explained Tina Watson 's death .
Tests showed there was nothing wrong with her diving gear .
In his findings handed down Friday , Glasgow said the exact circumstances of Tina Watson 's fate may never be known , but there was enough evidence of foul play to justify a murder charge against her husband .
" There are only two persons who know what in fact actually occurred , " Glasgow said .
" One is Tina , who can not tell us , and the other is Gabe . "
He formally indicted Watson on a charge of killing his wife .
" I am satisfied there is evidence of sufficient reliability ... that a properly instructed jury could make a finding of guilt against David Gabriel Watson on a charge of murder , " Glasgow said .
Watson 's lawyer , Steve Zillman , did not enter a plea on behalf of his client , or offer any other statement .
Zillman argued during the inquest that Watson had no motive to kill his wife and that the evidence did not support a criminal charge .
He accused police of being determined to blame Watson for the death , no matter what the evidence showed .
But Glasgow said Tina Watson 's father , Tommy Thomas , had given evidence of a possible motive .
Thomas said his daughter told him that shortly before they were married , Gabe Watson asked his fiancee to increase her life insurance and change the policy to make him the sole beneficiary .
Thomas said his daughter decided to lie to Watson that she had made the changes .
Tommy Thomas , Tina Watson 's mother Cindy Thomas and other family members watched Glasgow read out his findings in court via a live video link to the U.S. state of Alabama .
Tommy Thomas was quoted by the Australian Broadcasting Corp. as saying the family welcomed Friday 's result as backing their suspicions about Watson .
" We 're actually relieved to hear the coroner 's findings , " Thomas said .
" It 's something that we have dealt with for quite some time and it validated our beliefs . "
Police Detective Inspector Warren Webber said a warrant would be issued in Queensland state for Watson 's arrest .
This would be handed to prosecutors , who would in turn approach Australian government lawyers , who would prepare and lodge an extradition request with the U.S. government .
If that process goes ahead without problems , Watson may still be able to fight any extradition order in U.S. courts .
Back in the Middle Ages , sex was frowned upon .
“ Carnal relations , ” even with one ’s wife , were considered filthy .
Intercourse for procreation was tolerable , the holy fathers begrudgingly admitted , but anyone who indulged in sex because they were in love or seeking physical pleasure was on a fast track to damnation .
In fact , this attitude eventually led the Church to legislate on the most intimate details of married life :
In 1215 , the cleric Johannes Teutonicus was the first to announce that there was only one “ natural ” coital position — what we today call “ the missionary position , ” a term that was coined in the 1960s — which was also optimal for conception .
Attempting any other position was a mortal sin , Johannes opined , involving exotic and unnecessary forms of stimulation .
This led theologians of the time to consider various non-missionary sexual positions and the penance for each one .
St. Albert The Great helped write a handbook for clerics listing the lengths of punishments — how long you had to live on bread , water , and abstinence — for each type of “ pleasure ” undertaken .
Let ’s play a game .
I ’ll list a few positions .
You guess the order of punishment , from mildest to harshest .
Mutual masturbation
Coitus in terga — anal sex ( with a cleric )
Semenem in ore — oral sex
Masturbation ( men )
Coitus retro — rear entry
Women who use sex toys
Dorsal sex ( woman on top )
All done guessing ?
The answers :
Position Punishment Masturbation ( men ) 10 Days Mutual masturbation 30 Days Coitus retro — rear entry 40 Days Women who use sex toys 1 Year Dorsal sex ( woman on top ) 3 Years Coitus in terga — anal sex ( with a cleric ) 10 Years Semenem in ore — oral sex Up to 15 years
By the way , this quote was particularly creepy :
( Curiously , sodomy at this time was considered no worse if performed with a boy than a woman ; it was not until 1533 in England that male - on - male “ buggery ” became a criminal offense ) .
( via The Daily Dish )
[ tags ] atheist , atheism [ / tags ]
About the author
( NewsTarget )
We now have a new horrible disease brought by the same insane meat - raising industry that brought Mad Cow Disease and Creutzfeldt - Jakob Disease , both implicated from the brains of sheep and cattle .
It 's known by two terms , Progressive Inflammatory Neuropathy and Immune Polyradiculoneuropathy ( IPR ) .
Neither is really a name , but more of a description .
They indicate that the disease involves inflammation of the spinal cord , has multiple neurological symptoms , gets worse , and affects the immune system .
Symptoms are remarkably similar to multiple sclerosis and arachnoiditis .
They include pain , especially in the legs , weakness , fatigue , and sensory disturbances .
All of the victims are employees in pork slaughtering plants .
They harvest pig brains by blowing them out of the heads with compressed - air guns .
Yes , harvest is the term used .
It 's believed that aerosolized pig brains , which are breathed in by the workers , are the cause .
At this point , there is no explanation of what it is in pig 's brains that cause such symptoms .
In Mad Cow Disease , the cause is likely prions , which are protein particles that have no material associated with cell nuclei .
There is no known treatment for prion - caused diseases , and they are consistently degenerative and fatal .
IPR 's history is very short , going back , at most , to 2004 .
The first possible case was seen then , but was identified only as having symptoms of neurological damage , as the patient wisely * refused to have cerebrospinal fluid tapped for further testing .
The disease came to light just last year , in September 2007 , when the nursing staff of an Austin , Minnesota pork processing facility and a Spanish interpreter reported 12 cases to a family physician , who in turn contacted neurologist Dr. Lachance of the Mayo Clinic .
Since then , a total of 18 cases have been confirmed .
All IPR 's victims have a previously unknown antibody , which indicates that the disease is caused by an infectious agent in the pig 's brains .
Most , if not all , of the subjects have thickened spinal nerve roots .
Protein levels in their cerebrospinal fluid are elevated , which is typical of meningitis and other neurological disorders involving inflammation .
A significant point that seems not to be discussed by the allopathic medical system is that no one knows how long it takes to develop symptoms of IPR .
In the case of Creutzfeldt - Jakob , it can take decades .
Thus , we have no idea how many people have been affected , nor do we know whether the disease is transmissible from human - to - human once it has crossed the species barrier from pig to human .
To this point , allopathic medicine is painting a positive picture for IPR 's victims , saying that all of its victims have either improved or stabilized .
In saying this , they fail to point out that they 've received suppressive treatments , most notably methylprednisolone , which carries extremely serious risks , including diabetes , hypercortisolism ( another name for Cushing 's syndrome , which leads to heart attacks ) , psychoses , and a host of other serious disorders .
They do note that victims who are " less severely affected " ( as described by Medscape ) are treated with pain relievers and gabapentin , another drug with potentially severe effects .
What is not noted is that symptoms like those described in IPR victims indicate permanent , and usually degenerative , debility and pain .
The allopathic medical system can provide only palliative care for such patients , care that carries its own range of severe risks .
The bottom line for the patients is that the outlook cannot be good .
For those who have been exposed to the same conditions , hundreds or thousands of workers , no one knows the likelihood of them developing IPR .
The rest of us have no way of knowing whether the disease can be transmitted from human to human .
Once again , the evils of agribusiness , which sees crops as nothing but potential profits , not as food , and animals as products , not as feeling beings , are coming back to haunt us .
We are now losing our bees and bats .
People have been falling ill from terrible diseases transmitted by the victims of our animal exploitation .
The masses of humans in so - called advanced societies , like our own , are suffering from malnutrition and obesity as the result of mass production in both food growing and processing
If diseases like IPR , Immune Polyradiculoneuropathy , are to be ended , then the only solution is to humanize our food system .
Footnotes : * To see why it was wise for the patient to refuse this test , see the article published in Natural News , " Arachnoiditis - The Risk You Take When Opting for Spinal Surgery " ( https://www.naturalnews.com/022353.html
References : Medscape , ( http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/573193?s...
MedPage Today , " AAN : Pork Worker Nerve Illness Has Autoimmune Cause " , ( http://www.medpagetoday.com/MeetingCoverage/...
American Academy of Neurology News Alert , " New details presented in outbreak in pork processing plant workers " , ( http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2008-... * Heidi Stevenson , BSc , DIHom , FBIH * Fellow , British Institute of Homeopathy * Gaia Health ( http://www.gaia-health.com
*
The author is a homeopath who became concerned with medically - induced harm as a result of her own experiences and those of family members .
She says that allopathic medicine is the arena that best describes the motto , " Buyer beware . " *
Heidi Stevenson provides information about medically - induced disease and disability , along with incisive well - researched articles on major issues in the modern world , so members of the public can protect themselves .
She can be reached through her website : www.gaia-health.com
Vertical - Axis Wind Turbines : The Future of Micro Wind ? ( Video )
June 20th , 2008 by Timothy B. Hurst
Walking the floor of WINDPOWER 2008 , the annual conference and trade show for the wind energy industry , one could n’t help but be transfixed by all of the different types of turbines – at least I could n’t .
The wind turbine has become the iconic of clean , renewable energy .
But the classic three - bladed horizontal axis wind turbine , with its gracefully swooping blades , has become the symbol of not only renewable energy , but also of environmental consciousness and ecological possibility .
Despite the ubiquity of the three - bladed turbine , the oft - overlooked vertical - axes turbines are making quite a splash in the world of wind energy , especially in small and micro-applications .
So what ’s all the fuss about ?
Vertical - axis turbines apparently do not suffer from some of the same problems that plague small wind applications in urban settings including , aesthetic concerns , space requirements and sound levels
Other advantages of vertical - axis turbines :
Can produce up to 50 % more electricity per year than conventional turbines with the same swept area ;
Generate electricity at much lower wind speeds , as low as 4 mph ( 1.5 m/ s )
Will continue to generate power in high wind speeds , up to 130 mph ( 60 m / s ) depending on the mode ;
Direct - drive units with no gearbox means a more efficient transfer of energy and no leaking oil ;
Will not harm wildlife , in terms of bird and bat strikes .
Below , I ’ll cover some more basic differences and show you a few photos and short videos of some of these turbines I saw down in Houston at WINDPOWER 2008 .
The designers from Taiwanese start - up A.N.I.T.A. Energy ( pictured above ) showed me why their models have a low start - up wind speed , and that is because of the light metal bands you can see surrounding the turbine itself .
Apparently this design allows users with a less substantial wind resource ( particularly those in urban applications ) , squeeze some electricity from the local winds .
The larger model pictured above ( and in the second video below ) is scalable and can be stacked as many as three - high and integrated with the rooftops of large buildings .
( Caution : the mic used for this video was very sensitive to the sound of the electric blower at the display .
This is not the sound of the turbine .
Adjust your volume accordingly ! )
Unlike three - bladed designs , vertical - axis turbines do not need to “ right themselves ” into the wind , they are always in a fixed position in terms of their orientation .
A few of the models I saw , most notably the designs from the Korea - based KR Windpower , ( video above ) had a manifold - type device that would swing around and funnel more wind into the turbine from the direction the wind was strongest .
Continued …
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
( Note : This is the third and final part of a series .
Part one appeared Monday and part two appeared yesterday . )
First “ STEPS ”
Let ’s say we want to build the TCP / IP stack of an operating system .
A traditional implementation might take 10,000 lines of code .
What if you rethought the design from the ground up ?
What if you could make the IP packet handling code look almost identical to the RFC 791 diagram which defines IP ?
That ’s exactly what the Viewpoints team did .
This is real code in their system :
and the TCP stack is similar to the RFC 793 diagram :
That ’s right ; the ASCII art diagram is the code .
How did they do it ?
Well , when you have a powerful “ meta- meta language - language ” like their IS , you can define languages in a form that reads like a traditional Backus - Naur Form ( BNF ) grammar representation :
With packet parsing out of the way , the implementation of their TCP algorithm is a little dense , but readable piece of code that handles the SYN , ACK , and other responses :
With this as our basis , writing a service like the Daytime Service is quite simple :
All told , the entire stack is comfortably under 200 lines of code without using any tricks like code generation wizards .
The graphics subsystem is similarly clever .
It basically defines everything as a polygon ( including fonts , windows , etc ) .
It ’s well under 500 lines of code .
They have to be this compact in order to meet their goal of an entire system in under 20,000 lines .
Another interesting metaphor in the project is the use of “ massively parallel objects ” or what they refer to as “ particle fields , ” as a fundamental part of the system :
“ Even less in the mainstream , the “ particle / field ” idea [ PF ] has been found more in specialty areas ( such as finite - automata and FEM , swarm programming in biology , etc. ) , than as a general system building tool ( although it is the center of systems such as Sketchpad and TEX , and is even found in an operating system such as MUSE ) .
Traditional object - oriented design has tended to overbalance its attention on the objects and to give too rudimentary attention to message - passing .
If the center of attention were to be shifted to messaging of all kinds , then the notion of “ fields ” immediately suggests itself as a more general way to think about inter - object relationships ( the previous example of “ ants distributing and sensing pheromones ” is a good metaphor of this style ) . ”
For example , this idea can be applied to text formatting where you essentially treat every letter as its own object .
Programming the solution then becomes much easier .
You can have simple rules where you just look out for your immediate neighboring letters and then use an extremely efficient message passing system to make your simple code work in a very efficient manner .
Here ’s a sample demonstration from their NSF proposal :
This reminds me of ideas from “ emergence ” which is a theory that explains how a flock of birds or an ant colony can do complex things even though each individual in the system thinks simple thoughts .
An individual bird is only thinking in terms of simple rules like “ try to follow the guy in front of you ” and “ get out of the way if something dangerous is nearby . ”
Just these two rules alone can lead to the fantastically complicated formations that we see in the sky .
The massively parallel objects with efficient messaging metaphor leads to algorithms that are simpler in concept because you can focus on the behavior of one little object rather than have to worry about how the whole system works .
“ I want it now ! ”
With the Viewpoints team only in their second year of a five year project , we can get a feel for where the future of software development is going , but we ca n’t realistically put it into production quite yet .
What are our options then ?
Ted Neward likes to talk about how the next five years will be about programming languages attempting to bridge the “ huge disconnect between the practitioners , the guys who get stuff done , and the academics , who think about how we get things done . ”
He says this disconnect exists because “ the academics and the practitioners do n’t talk to each other . ”
I really think that the next five years we ’ll see significant strides towards improving the situation .
If you want to jump ahead of the curve , I think it ’s worthwhile start imagining a dream language that would help you cut along the “ natural joints ” of a problem you work on .
Can you think of an expressive language like the ASCII art for parsing TCP / IP headers that is targeted for your specific problem ?
Another interesting observation
Ted made was that :
” … programming languages , much like human languages , are expressions not just of concepts within them , but also the environment in which they were born . ”
That is , no language is perfect .
Each language has a culture that gave birth to it which was usually focused on a particular type of problem .
I often find that I put myself in too much of a language box and unfortunately am happy in that box .
This led to me asking Alan Kay about the best way to cope with a design problem I had .
The power to think in a highly tailored , but not necessarily general , programming language might end up being the best solution to problems we face .
If you go down this path , there are many tools and some good articles available now to help you get started writing your own custom language .
If you want to be a bit more conservative , you can write an internal domain specific language inside of host languages like Ruby or C# .
However , if you go down the custom route , you ’ll benefit of doing it now rather than if you had done it 20 years ago because there are huge frameworks at your disposal like Microsoft ’s Dynamic Language Runtime ( DLR ) that handle most of the “ goo ” involved in getting your own language up and running .
You can leverage a lot of the libraries built on .net or the JVM so that you do n’t have to worry so much about supporting concerns like database access and handling XML if that ’s not you ’re primary concern .
This is in contrast to a decade ago when you would have had to build all these supporting libraries just to get people to even think about your language seriously .
Even a popular “ new ” language like Ruby has taken about 10 - 12 years to get enough libraries to make it feasible for development .
By standing upon the shoulders of frameworks , you can quickly build something that is production worthy .
You can even use Phoenix , Microsoft ’s new backend optimizing compiler for your language .
That way , you do n’t have to worry about emitting machine code or IL .
You just parse your language into a simple intermediate representation and your generated code will be produced with the same efficiency as the compiler being used for Windows 7 .
To get you started , the Phoenix SDK will include a LISP compiler as a sample app .
Final Thoughts
“ The future is already here – it ’s not just not evenly distributed ” – William Gibson
The widespread adoption of virtual machines like . net ’s Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) are increasingly making it an option to use custom languages to solve particular problems .
This is because your code can be easily used by more mainstream languages like C# .
I think this is one of the critical reasons why Microsoft decided to include a functional language , F# , into an upcoming version of Visual Studio .
Similarly , I enjoyed watching all the different ideas at the lang .
net symposium because they showed the viability of the CLR for many different languages that would also integrate well with mainstream code .
I have to be honest and admit that that I do n’t envision myself going off and writing my own language right now , but at least I ’ll be looking for ways where a custom language might be a really good fit .
I think I need to apply some meta level thinking by perhaps writing some of my Project Euler solutions in languages that make this easier like Scala or F# even though C# is easy for me to use .
This journey towards a “ Moore ’s Law ” increase in expressiveness has been a bit long , but I ’m starting to see some practical benefits :
I ’m already feeling expressive differences between C# 2 and C# 3 .
I ’m starting to build on LINQ ’s good ideas in my production code by using ideas from C++’s Standard Template Library ( STL ) to make the simple ideas in the code clear and get rid of some of the scaffolding “ goo ” that exists .
Notable areas of influence on my thinking in the .net arena have been Wintellect ’s Power Collections and the NSTL project .
Another variant on this idea is to see more of day to day challenges as graph problems and use a library like Peli ’s QuickGraph to solve them .
The “ massively parallel objects ” metaphor made possible by highly efficient message passing has changed the way that I have thought about some of my hobby programs .
Instead of focusing on rules for how a single class can orchestrate hundreds or thousands of objects , I am happily thinking of the object as a bird in a flock .
The good news is that this metaphor works well and the same overall macro goal is obtained .
I think this is just the start to curbing the problem Alan mentioned of “ [ there ] has been an enormous over - focus on objects and an under - focus on messaging ( most so - called object oriented languages do n’t really use the looser coupling of messaging , but instead use the much tighter “ gear meshing ” of procedure calls – this hurts scalability and interoperability ) . ”
Reflecting on the Viewpoints ’
IS meta - meta language - language and what can be built with it has really allowed me to see more of the beauty that real computer science has to offer .
Even if I ca n’t put those ideas immediately into production code , I could start down that path with something smaller like applying the ideas of code - generation .
The latter is one of the ideas that essentially made Rails so popular : it ’s the code that you do n’t have to write yourself that makes it interesting .
The bad news about going down the path of meta level thinking and writing your own custom languages is that the tools are still relatively young and it ’s a little more work than it will be ten years from now .
The good news is that if you spend the time at least exploring what smart guys like Alan and Charles are doing now , you ’ll probably have a comfortable advantage on your competitors when these ideas become mainstream .
If it took object oriented programming ideas a good 25 + years to become popular , the ideas behind language oriented programming and things like massively parallel objects will probably take at least 10 years to hit wide adoption .
Real “ Moore ’s Law ” software will have what Gordon Moore noticed about the effects of his own “ law ” on hardware : it told the industry that they “ [ have ] to move that fast or they fall behind . ”
I think some of the ideas mentioned here might help get towards that philosophy .
However , I ’m just a secondhand observer .
The best place to get started is to look at the original sources , or at the very least , the Viewpoints project overview video .
I ’m interested in your thoughts .
What do you think might lead to a “ Moore ’s Law ” increase in software expressiveness ?
Do you think it ’s even possible ?
Last updated at 01:02 10 April 2008
A Bosnian man whose home has been hit an incredible five times by meteorites believes he is being targeted by aliens .
Experts at Belgrade University have confirmed that all the rocks Radivoje Lajic has handed over were meteorites .
They are now investigating local magnetic fields to try and work out what makes the property so attractive to the heavenly bodies .
But Mr Lajic , who has had a steel girder reinforced roof put on the house he owns in the northern village of Gornja Lamovite , has an alternative explanation .
He said : " I am obviously being targeted by extraterrestrials .
I do n't know what I have done to annoy them but there is no other explanation that makes sense .
" The chance of being hit by a meteorite is so small that getting hit five times has to be deliberate . "
The first meteorite fell on his house in November last year and since then a further four have smashed into his home .
The strikes always happen when it is raining heavily , never when there are clear skies .
He said : " I did not know what the strange - looking stones were at first but I have since had them all confirmed as meteorites by experts at Belgrade University .
" I am being targeted by aliens .
They are playing games with me .
" I do n't know why they are doing this .
When it rains I can't sleep for worrying about another strike . "
Well , okay , a ) knowing that you have a history of kind of outrageous stories and b ) that you clearly know about the " lol tranny surprise " joke , that leaves us with ...
the possibility that you like to play off crazy stories for laughs ...
OR the possibility that you like " chicks with dicks " enough to have a folder dedicated to them AND were aware of the joke AND this ironically happened anyway .
In which case I 'd suppose it would logically follow that your love for tranny porn made you want to try the whole gay thing .
I guess .
Maybe .
I do n't know .
What I do know is that Ockham 's Razor / my gut is telling me to press A and Bail Out .
Syria says US reactor charges as fake as Iraq WMD claims
DAMASCUS , April 28 ( AFP ) Apr 28 , 2008
Syria said on Monday that US accusations it had been building a nuclear reactor until its destruction in an Israeli air raid last September were as bogus as American claims that Saddam Hussein 's regime had weapons of mass destruction in 2003 .
The ruling Baath party 's mouthpiece daily compared the photographs of the bombed site shown to US congressmen last week to the images Washington presented to the UN Security Council as alleged evidence of Iraq 's non-conventional arsenal in the run-up to the US - led invasion .
" When you look at these pictures ... a single image comes to mind -- that of US Secretary of State Colin Powell accusing Iraq of hiding weapons of mass destruction and presenting as proof a dossier of photographs , " Al - Baath said .
" Of course Mr Powell later acknowledged that he had been fooled by the US intelligence services and by conservatives within the administration .
" The new US campaign of lies should surprise nobody -- it 's a continuation of the same policy of US pressure against Syria that 's been going on " for the past five years , the paper added .
" Syria again rejects the US allegations and reaffirms that it has nothing to hide concerning its legitimate national defences .
Syria wants to see peace in the region , unlike the current US administration which has been behind all its wars and crises . "
US national security officials briefed US congressmen on Thursday , presenting intelligence they said showed Syria had been building a secret nuclear reactor for military ends .
They said the plant was being built with the help of North Korea , until its destruction by Israel in an air raid on September 6 .
The International Atomic Energy Agency launched an investigation into the US accusations on Friday but also chided both Israel and the United States for their handling of the affair .
Syria roundly rejected the US allegations but promised full cooperation with the UN watchdog .
In an interview published by the Qatari daily Al - Watan on Sunday , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad ridiculed the US accusations .
" Does it make sense that we would build a nuclear facility in the desert and not protect it with anti-aircraft defences ? " he asked .
" A nuclear site exposed to ( spy ) satellites , in the heart of Syria and in an open space ?
" We do n't want a nuclear bomb ...
Where would we use it ?...
War in the region will effectively remain conventional , " Assad said .
Advertisements
This morning Rep. Pete Stark ( D - CA ) announced his endorsement of Barack Obama .
He pointed out that Obama delivers a message that transcends politics .
“ Senator Barack Obama has captured the imagination of Americans in a way we ’ve not seen for decades .
He ’s inspired millions of young people to register to vote and join the ranks of our Democratic Party , he ’s consistently opposed the war , he advocates universal health care , and he delivers a message that transcends party politics at the same time , ” Stark said .
In reply , Obama said of Stark , “ Congressman Pete Stark has been a powerful voice for the people of California for decades , and I am proud to accept his support today .
He and I share a common goal of making universal health care a reality so every man , woman and child in this country has affordable , quality health care coverage they can count on .
He has spoken out powerfully on the issues that matter in the lives of working families , like ending the war in Iraq , advocating for all of our children and protecting social security for our seniors . ”
Advertisements
Obama is now only 120.5 delegates away from clinching the Democratic nomination .
I do n’t think it can be pointed out enough that endorsements of establishment Democrats such as Stark , were supposed to be in the bag for Hillary Clinton .
Obama literally took this nomination away from her , and forced the party leadership to come along with him by building his popularity from the ground up .
Obama is n’t an establishment figure like Al Gore or John Kerry .
He is someone who rank and file Democrats rallied around , but we all know if left to their own devices , the party leadership would have picked Clinton , and suffered another November defeat .
Read the full endorsement here
Humans are fundamentally social animals .
Our social nature means that we interact with each other in positive , friendly ways , and it also means we know how to manipulate others in a very negative way .
Neurophysiologist Katherine Rankin at the University of California , San Francisco , has also recently discovered that sarcasm , which is both positively funny and negatively nasty , plays an important part in human social interaction .
So what ?
I mean really , who cares ?
Oh for God 's sake .
Do n’t you have anything better to do that read this column ?
According to Dr. Rankin , if you did n’t get the sarcastic tone of the previous sentences you must have some damage to your parahippocampal gyrus which is located in the right brain .
People with dementia , or head injuries in that area , often lose the ability to pick up on sarcasm , and so they do n’t respond in a socially appropriate ways .
Presumably , this is a pathology , which in turn suggests that sarcasm is part of human nature and probably an evolutionarily good thing .
How might something so , well , sarcastic as sarcasm , be part of the human social toolbox ?
Evolutionary biologists claim that sociality is what has made humans such a successful species .
We are masters at what anthropologists and others call " social intelligence . "
We recognize and keep track of hundreds of relationships , and we easily distinguish between enemies and friends .
More important , we run our lives by social calculation .
A favor is mentally recorded and paid back , sometimes many years later .
Likewise , insults are marked down on the mental score card in indelible ink .
And we are constantly bickering and making up , even with people we love .
Sarcasm , then , is a verbal hammer that connects people in both a negative and positive way .
We know that sense of humor is important to relationships ; if someone does n't get your jokes , they are n't likely to be your friend ( or at least that 's my bottom line about friendship ) .
Sarcasm is simply humor 's dark side , and it would be just as disconcerting if a friend did n’t get your snide remarks .
It 's also easy to imagine how sarcasm might be selected over time as evolutionarily crucial .
Imagine two ancient humans running across the savannah with a hungry lion in pursuit .
One guy says to the other , " Are we having fun yet ? " and the other just looks blank and stops to figure out what in the world his pal meant by that remark .
End of friendship , end of one guy 's contribution to the future of the human gene pool .
Fast forward a few million years and the network of human relationships is wider and more complex , and just as important to survival .
The corporate chairman throws out a sarcastic remark and those who " get " it laugh , smile , and gain favor .
In the same way , if the chair never makes a remark , sarcastic people are making them behind his or her back , forming a clique by their mutually negative , but funny , comments .
Either way , sarcasm plays a role in making and breaking alliances and friendship .
Thanks goodness , because life without out sarcasm would be a dull and way too nice place to be , if you ask me .
Meredith F. Small is an anthropologist at Cornell University .
She is also the author of " Our Babies , Ourselves ; How Biology and Culture Shape the Way We Parent " ( link ) and " The Culture of Our Discontent ; Beyond the Medical Model of Mental Illness " ( link ) .
Can Women Rape Men ?
Is it even possible ?
Sadly , some think that if the male had an erection he must have wanted it from the female and therefore could not be classified as rape .
Rape to a male by a female can occur if the male was unable or unwilling to consent to sex .
This can happen when they are 1 ) Under the age of consent ( varies by state ) .
2 ) Handicapped or physically limited .
3 ) Impaired by alcohol or drugs .
4 ) Forced or coerced by a woman
Stimulation alone can cause a male to have an erection even if the stimulation is forced .
This is a scientific fact .
Males can have two types of erections psychogenic and reflex .
A reflex erection occurs when there is direct physical contact with the penis , ears , nipples or neck and is completely involuntary .
A reflex erection can occur without desire or sexual stimulating thoughts .
The ability to have this simple reflex is located in the sacral nerves ( S2 - S4 ) of the spinal cord .
Males can also become erect if they are on certain drugs or forced to take them .
They can also become erect by certain states of relaxation , anxiety , in certain stages of sleep , etc .
Review a compiled list by WND of the rape and / or sexual assault of over 100 males by females .
Sadly many males do not report that they were raped .
Obviously any victim of rape should seek immediate medical and law enforcement help .
Several Resources to Review :
Stop Abuse for Everyone
Myths About Male Rape Victims
Wikipedia Violence Against Men
RADAR
Abused Men
We know by studying ancient rocks that liquid water existed on the surface of Earth at least 3.7 billion years ago .
That implies that the surface temperature at that time was at least 273K .
We also know by studying stars similar to ours that the Sun must have been significantly less bright than it is now ( Sol is thought to have increased in luminosity by 30 per cent since then ) .
That ought to have resulted in temperatures on Earth that were well below freezing .
This contradiction is known as the “ faint young Sun ” problem and nobody has adequately explained it .
The most common explanation is that the planet must have been warmed by some kind of greenhouse gas effect mediated perhaps by carbon dioxide , atmospheric haze , ammonia or methane .
The trouble is that the evidence indicates that these gases existred in quantities at least an order of magnitude too little to have done the job .
So what gives ?
According to Philip von Paris of the Institute of Planetary Research at the German Aerospace Centre in Berlin , Germany , und Freunds , the mix up is largely the result of an error in our understanding of how much radiation was absorbed in those days .
His team has used a new atmospheric model of the early Earth to determine that the required green house effect would have been possible with carbon dioxide with a partial pressure of about 2.9 mb , about an order of magnitude less than previously thought .
That ’s a pretty good match with the amount of carbon dioxide thought to have been around between 2 and 2.5 billion years ago .
Nice result .
But von Paris has been a little over ambitious .
He says : “ thus , the contradiction between sediment data
and model results disappears , ” implying that the faint young Sun problem is solved .
But hang on a minute , he seems to have forgotten the billion years or so between 2.5 and 3.7 billion years ago in which the temperature is still unexplained .
Nice try , von Paris .
But we ’re not that easily foooled .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/0804.4134 : Warming the early Earth – CO2 reconsidered
I touched bottom , as alcoholics like to say , on February 12 1983 ( the date is slightly fuzzy ) .
I had just taken up a position as professor of literature at the California Institute of Technology .
Caltech , as it is popularly known , is a small , excessively well - endowed science institution in Pasadena .
Pasadena itself is a small , genteel western town , seven minutes away , by freeway , from downtown Los Angeles .
LA is neither small nor genteel .
The Caltech job was , in career terms , one of those lucky breaks of which you can normally expect two or three in a professional lifetime .
Playing such opportunities right is the big challenge of the academic career .
It 's not easy .
You generally have two options : you can move , or you can use the " offer " as leverage to feather your present nest .
Or you can play games - moving from counter - offer to counter - offer or taking yourself , as a " property " , to a third potential employer .
The right call is rarely easy .
In the early 1980s there were , however , circumstantial factors pushing me away from my home country ; what in chess is called a forced move .
The decade had ushered in a dark age for seats of British learning - the darkest since the dissolution of the monasteries , as we muttered in our gloomy common rooms .
Keith Joseph 's punitive regime of " cut and freeze " had just taken hold .
The Tories had hated the university sector ever since turbulent students ( reds , all of them ) pelted their party 's MPs with eggs and obscenities at campuses in the 1960s .
Oxford 's refusal of an honorary degree for Mrs Thatcher in 1985 and 1987 sealed their enmity .
This was payback time .
In the name of " efficiency " ( as if this abstract commodity was what universities produced , not research and education ) the Department of Education and Science , as it was then called , embarked on a purge of Stalinist ferocity .
A whole generation of middlingly senior academics was sent into what was euphemistically called " early retirement " in the name of " systems re-engineering " in the higher - education sector .
Colleagues were decanted by the dozen into their premature sunset years .
You could hardly teach for the sound of falling timber - " dead wood " , as the authorities liked to call it - as they lustily hacked away at the tree of British higher learning .
I was 45 - mid-life - crisis years .
I was a decade too young for the chop .
My wood was still sappy enough .
But neither was I young or flexible enough to ride the changes with the sense of infinite growing time ahead .
I did not , as George Eliot puts it , have my " 35 years ahead of me " .
Caltech 's offer to me in the first instance was a one - year " visiting " appointment .
It would enable us to look each other over .
If we liked what we saw , it was on .
One could see it as a kind of trial marriage .
My other marriage was meanwhile going to hell .
My drinking had been dangerously excessive for some years .
It was now spinning out of control - though usually in the form of out - of - hours , weekend or vacation binges ( what , for normal married men , would be " time with the family " ) .
At my loved ones ' bruised insistence ( blackmail ! )
I had been seen at the Maudsley hospital , armed with a letter of introduction from a senior physician friend ( I was no common - or - garden drunk , for God 's sake ) .
The letter cut no ice .
After a brief consultation with the registrar ( a famous name in British alcohol studies , who was then touting a " controlled drinking " field experiment ) , I was referred to one of his juniors .
He turned out to be the nicest psychiatrist I have ever met .
But his prescription was drastic .
I must give up drinking altogether , he ordained .
A fortnightly one - on - one meeting ( which meant hours in the ghoulish waiting room for 40 minutes ' counselling ) would keep me to this regime .
The theory was that , if I could stay off the booze for 18 months , the " prognosis " was good for permanent recovery .
This was what the unit 's research was currently telling them .
Perhaps they were right .
I never made it to the finishing line .
I manfully went on a year 's white - knuckle " dry drunk " , as AA jargon puts it .
This was 1980 .
It did n't last .
The nice psychiatrist moved on ( the good ones always do ; like academics , they get " offers " ) .
He was replaced by a doctor who , however knowledgeable , seemed much more neurotic than I was .
And he manifestly did n't like me .
I felt like a specimen .
A cockroach - and - entomologist relationship , as it seemed to me .
Gregor Samsa and his shrink .
My dry spell did not last .
It corroded gradually , like an old dam giving way under the pressure of that vast lake of booze on the other side .
I would manage six weeks ( a painfully long period for an abstaining alcoholic ) before jumping out of the groove - usually for an explosively brief bout , but long enough to smash things up .
Remorse would get me back on the wagon - but for a shorter period than the last .
By January 1983 , when I went off to California , I was on the terrible merry - go - round of what AA calls " periodics " .
I would be sober for weeks , sodden - drunk for days , bitterly remorseful for hours , and sober again .
So the wheel turned .
This is a peculiarly destructive phase of drinking , physically , and socially .
Having lapsed , one drinks to madly toxic levels - making up for lost time , suffused with guilt and apprehensive of the dry , remorseful weeks to come before the next glorious release .
The gross drunkenness shatters the trust others put in you .
Usually after the third or fourth such lapse they give up on you .
I was well past that threshold .
The carousel was speeding up , like the climax of Strangers on a Train .
Professionally , I would still be classified as a " high functioning " alcoholic .
I could do my job .
There were occasional disasters : drunkenly slurred lectures ( à la Lucky Jim ) , student complaints about late return of essays ( à la Butley ) , missed meetings , insulted colleagues , dinner - party disasters ( some of which can still make me groan out loud today ) .
But I could just about cope at work .
I was experienced enough , after 20 years , to fly on automatic pilot , winging it , as they say .
It helped greatly that in academic life you largely devise your own schedule .
Cannily ( as I thought - alcoholics love to think of themselves as smart operators ) , I ensured that the bulk of my lectures , tutorials and seminars were in the hungover but clear - headed morning - before the dangerous fog of the lunch session descended on the world .
If I had something important to write ( a piece for the London Review of Books , say ) , I could stay sober .
My head of department at University College London , Karl Miller ( he was also , fortuitously , editor of the LRB ) , came from journalism ( and , further back , from Scotland ) .
He knew all about drunks and was infinitely patient .
Domestically , it was something else .
One of the problems about problem drinking is that you tend to be at your drunkest and least civilised at night - when , that is , you go home .
If your family is still around , " scenes " are inevitable .
Few women nowadays wield the cartoonist 's rolling - pin , or throw crockery at their drunken spouse 's head .
But their long - brewed disapproval scalds the alcoholic ( who will already be feeling remorse , probably ) like molten lead .
By the time you get back , the little woman has her script rehearsed to perfection .
What defence do you have ?
None .
Guilt makes the drunk quarrelsome and few alcoholics - when drunk and quarrelsome - are not violent , verbally and physically .
Anger is , late in the game , exacerbated by sexual paranoia ( the alcoholic 's impotence translates into jealousy of Othello - like intensity ) .
And , of course , there is the sheer nastiness of the Edward Hyde everyone has inside them .
Edward thrives on booze .
Keeping the Sutherland show on the road was not easy .
My wife every so often walked out with our young son .
She was , after 15 years with me , something of a co-alcoholic , an " enabler " ( as the AA lexicon puts it ) .
But she had her pride .
She had , I knew , seen a solicitor .
It was a mess .
Alcohol did n't make things simpler , but it blurred them temporarily into invisibility .
Leaving the country for a new start in southern California was a heaven - sent " geographical " cure .
More so , since the Caltech offer was so munificent and , thanks to the tax amnesty , all net income .
I could be ostentatiously generous - something that drunks love to be ( it allays their sense of guilt at drinking up the housekeeping money for all those years ) .
I could , assuming I could find time and energy to live them , afford several lives .
Caltech was easy street .
Teaching was minimal ( six hours a week , 20 weeks a year , small classes ) ; the students were clever , well mannered and intellectually docile ( all they really wanted was to preserve their perfect 4.0 GPA - grade - point average ) .
And there were no administrative chores .
Who knew , I might even get round to doing some research at the nearby Huntington Library .
( " If I died and went to heaven , " a colleague once told me , " it would be like having an eternity fellowship at the Huntington . " )
If all else failed , there was always Disneyland .
I left the UK in high spirits and arrived in the US for New Year .
My wife , working with a prestigious London publisher , was not inclined to accompany me .
The bonds holding us together were frayed to breaking point .
If it was a trial marriage with Caltech , it was a trial divorce with her .
There was an unspoken agreement that if I cleaned up , things might mend .
But , for the moment , I was free as air .
I got a small apartment near campus , ingratiated myself by day - and promptly disgraced myself at night by getting drunk and boorish at various welcoming functions .
It was n't misjudgment : more like taking deliberate aim and shooting yourself in the foot .
It is a peculiarity of alcoholics that , when things go well , they sabotage themselves .
This death wish is often pondered at AA meetings .
My personal view is that drunks do not want the responsibility of a successful life .
It involves too many decisions and too much stress .
" Keep it simple " is truly the drunk 's motto .
Nothing simpler than disaster .
Smash the crockery and you never have to wash it up .
Another favourite explanation is that by misbehaving , drunks are confirming to themselves that , however extreme their misbehaviour , someone will always be there to look after them .
They want to regress to that childhood condition where they can soil their nappy and still be loved ( " Who 's a bad boy , then ? " ) .
Who knows ?
But I realised quite early on that in America there were no safety nets .
In the UK , however obnoxious I was , I had some credit with those whose patience I regularly tested to destruction and beyond .
I was tolerated , even at my worst .
I might be a drunken son of a bitch , but I was their son of a bitch .
People felt responsible for me ; some even owed me for favours done while sober .
There was always a wagon to climb back on .
In America , there was nothing : just disgrace , freefall and a one - way ticket to Skid Row , the closed ward , or the mortuary .
The absence of a net underneath me added a cutting edge of riskiness to my drinking , nudging me over the brink on which I had been teetering for years .
I felt , excitingly , that I was dicing with ruin ( and , beyond that , the noseless one ) .
I felt " bad " ; homo MalcolmLowriensis , living under my personal volcano .
Looking back , I see it as the delusion of grandeur which is common with the terminal alcoholic - nothing existential , just another telltale symptom .
There were pressing difficulties of a humbler nature .
Oddly , finding somewhere to drink convivially was one of them .
Pasadena is a ribbon , stretched out on the five - mile length of Colorado Boulevard ( the same route that the Rose Parade takes every New Year 's Day ; I watched this grotesque festival in 1983 , in blinding sunshine , with a thumping head and a parched throat ) .
The whole of LA County is constructed for the automobile ( and before that , the horse ; and before that , the lizard ) .
One of the problems for a pedestrian drinker like myself was that there were no bars within walking distance .
I had , as yet , no car .
A new colleague had sold me an English Raleigh , a young fogey 's bicycle , complete with handlebar basket .
If I wanted to drink , I would have to pedal for it .
Or , as a last resort , drink in my apartment .
I longed for London 's ubiquitous pubs .
The only drinking I could find within cycling distance ( at least , cycling - back distance ) was , as it turned out , Pasadena 's sole gay bar .
It had the unlovely name Nardi's ( half naff , half sordid , as I merrily thought ) .
It was not what I would have chosen , but that was how the chips fell .
On the any - port - in - a - storm principle , I adopted Nardi's as my local .
Drinking went on till 2 am , the legal closing time in California .
Thereafter , a hardcore of survivors would adjourn to someone 's apartment .
I had never explored gay sex .
But it was the only thing on offer at Nardi's .
And , in a way , it seemed to fit in with my current Baudelairean sense of self .
A new , dangerous road to explore .
In fact , it turned out to be baffling rather than adventurous .
After one heavy night I awoke from blackout to find myself slumbering alongside an African - American whose name , I dimly remembered , was Richard .
We were both partly undressed .
My hand brushed against his penis ( accidentally , as I trust ) , and felt nothing there ( I 'm fairly sure this was not an hallucination ) .
His Johnson had been cut off , amputated .
Perhaps it was a preliminary to a sex - change operation .
It was just as well things went no further .
Aids was reaching epidemic levels in southern California , although , in 1983 , no one was entirely clear as to what the new disease was .
I would almost certainly have contracted the virus had I carried on as I was then doing for a a night or two more .
It was the morning of February 11 1983 .
I had a monster hangover .
The phone rang : it was Richard 's parole officer phoning up to make sure he was home and not violating his curfew .
( What , I vaguely wondered , had he been in for ?
Penis chopping ? )
I made my ultra-English excuses and left .
I emerged into blinding early - morning sunlight among the palms and skuzzy bungalows of western Altadena - Rodney King territory , as it became known eight years later .
If Officer Koon had been going at me all night with his mighty Kevlar truncheon I could not have felt more bruised .
This , as I walked down the interminable miles of Marengo Avenue , was the end of my night and the morning of clarity .
Was this what it had come to ?
All that grind , the degrees , the books read and the books written ?
Holding the penile stump of someone I barely knew , in a godforsaken California ghetto in a sun-baked country where I did n't belong ?
I would have one more drink : the final test .
Me versus my alcoholic destiny .
It would be no half - hearted affair .
I bought two bottles of cheap California champagne and a large , two - quart flagon of Gallo 's even cheaper chardonnay ( as back - up , when the fizz ran out and one 's palate had lost its discriminating edge : the alcoholic mind at work ) .
This last stash was taken back in the basket of my Raleigh and consumed - gulped - in my apartment .
I can taste the saccharin - acrid Gallo 's now .
I was , finally , a wino .
End of the line , Ma .
Of course , my tolerance was shot .
I needed a lot less than I had bought to do the trick .
But , somehow , I finished it all off ( never let it be said a Sutherland left an empty flagon ) .
I blacked out early .
When I came to , all the furniture had been rearranged .
I never did find out which fairies had done it .
I awoke to a different world .
The sun had gone in .
For ever , as it seemed .
Southern California was now experiencing record - breaking rains ( some damned weather record is always being broken over there ) .
The Queen of England , no less , was visiting a west coast sodden all the way from Vancouver to Baja California .
Storm systems were backed up like a Venetian blind , all the way to Japan , waiting to sweep in and dump their load on me and my monarch .
Pacific storms are different from Britain's " soote shoures " .
They are made up of heavy drops , widely spaced .
It is , somehow , a harder rain and can deposit up to three inches a day ( a third of the annual rainfall in a dry year ) .
The downpour triggers mudslides .
Less dramatically , but more dangerously , the patina of tyre - rubber and grease on the freeways , baked for months on end by the desert sun , is moistened into pure slick .
Withered windscreen - wipers peel and smear .
People get nervous and short - tempered .
In short , the Golden State turns and looks ugly when it rains .
Apocalyptically so .
The great flood , they say , will be more destructive than the great earthquake , " the big one " .
Alcoholics are always on the lookout for their " objective correlative " ( as TS Eliot called it ) .
My internal works were as turbulent as the end - of - the - world weather .
I emerged from my bout with the Gallo brothers in the grip of agonising withdrawal .
Uneven heartbeat , panic attacks , dislocation of time ( minutes became hours ; days passed as eye - blinks before I could even pretend to do any work ) .
I was sweaty and chilled at the same time .
I was hearing voices , experiencing visual phenomena ( jagged zigzags of light out of the corner of my eyes ) , afflicted by paranoid persecution fantasy in public places ( Why were people looking at me that way ?
Did they know ? ) ; ravenous , nauseous , anorexic by turns .
It is a state of mind in which banal events take on the portentousness of symbol or prophetic sign .
I walked , pelted with rain , past the local supermarket , Louis Foods , and saw genteel senior citizens , as they always did in the morning , rooting in the skips ( " dumpster diving " ) for the perishables that Californian state law obliges retailers to discard after 24 hours .
The old gents civilly made way for the old ladies among them to take first pick of yesterday 's sandwiches .
It was , in my suicidal frame of mind , an incredibly depressing sight .
And there was a kind of de te fabula aspect to it - how long before I was there , shuffling through the garbage with the geezers ?
I found myself , at midday , in my office at Caltech , shuddering like a holed fox .
I had forced down some food , at that incredibly early lunchtime the Americans like , around 11.30 am .
Chilli con carne ( something warm , a distant maternal voice told me , would be cheering ) .
I can taste and see it now : white onion , lying like maggots , on tongue - scorching red sauce .
It lay in my stomach like a pocketful of billiard balls .
It was drink or not drink time .
And the next drink , I feared , would be decisive .
A one - way ticket into the dark - goodbye high functioning ; hello dumpster diving .
I was very frightened .
After a riffle through the Yellow Pages , I phoned AA .
 John Sutherland is Lord Northcliffe Professor of Modern English Literature at UCL .
This is an edited extract from Last Drink to LA , published by Short Books on August 20 , priced 4.99 .
“ I ’ve worked with marine mammals for a long time , and with many different species of pinniped , but I ’ve never experienced anything like walruses , ” said Colleen Reichmuth of the Long Marine Laboratory at the University of California , Santa Cruz .
“ They are fantastic . ”
Yet she and her colleagues despair for the walrus ’s future .
Like the polar bear , which last week was granted protection under the Endangered Species Act , the walrus depends on the seasonal rhythms of the polar ice cap for every phase of its life , which means it is particularly vulnerable to the warming of the earth ’s climate and the retreat of the ice .
The walrus might well be a match for any famously eggheaded animal of any nonhuman order : for Flipper , for Willy , for Alex the gray parrot , for Kanzi the bonobo chimpanzee .
As researchers have lately determined , the walrus shares with other big - brained species an unusually extended childhood .
Walrus calves remain with their mothers for several years , compared with several weeks or months for the young of other pinnipeds , and that sustained dependency “ could very well provide an opportunity for learning , ” said Dr. Reichmuth , particularly about walrus civics .
Evidence suggests that the bonds between walruses are exceptionally strong : the animals share food , come to one another ’s aid when under attack and nurse one another ’s young , a particularly noteworthy behavior given the cost in energy of synthesizing a pinniped ’s calorically rich , fatty milk .
“ Walruses are very gregarious , and they like to be near other walruses , ” said Chad Jay , who heads the walrus research program for the United States Geological Survey ’s Alaska Science Center in Anchorage .
“ They like hanging out together , touching each other , socializing .
Even when it ’s hot and they have plenty of space , they prefer to clamber on top of each other and huddle together . ”
Walruses want so much to be with other walruses that if there are no other walruses around , they will make do with the next available large object .
Image LIFE ON THE RINK
The walrus , with its stiff , sensitive whiskers called vibrissae , depends on the seasonal rhythms of the polar ice cap for every phase of its life .
Credit ... Cary Anderson / Aurora Photos
Lee Cooper of the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science recounted his 2004 expedition aboard a research vessel in the Bering Strait , when the crew came upon a number of calves that had somehow gotten separated from their mothers , and , oh , how excited the calves were to spot the ship and its staff , and how desperately they sought to climb aboard .
DALLAS , Texas ( Reuters ) - Sky - high oil prices are causing pain at the pump , but bills for air conditioning this summer and heating next winter -- combined with rising food costs -- promise to squeeze U.S. consumers even more .
With gas at $ 4.00 a gallon , households already have less to spend on a new grill at Home Depot ; a vacation at Walt Disney ’s Disney World ; a new TV from Best Buy Co ; or a new “ hog ” from Harley - Davidson Co .
And there are no signs things will get better soon for the consumer , long the driving force of U.S. economic growth .
“ For the areas of the economy that rely on heating oil , high fuel prices are going to be another blow to the consumer this winter , ” said Jack Kyser , chief economist at the LA County Economic Development Corp .
“ The hotter states will feel the pinch during the summer months but in the mid-America states where you get hot summers and cold winters , it ’s going to be very uncomfortable , ” he said .
“ This is going to eat into the disposable income of American consumers -- supposing they have any left . ”
Oil prices , now $ 130 a barrel , have risen six - fold since 2002 .
On Wednesday , heating oil reached a record high above $ 3.90 a gallon and the price is expected to stay high .
Heating oil , which cost $ 3.29 a gallon in January , will likely cost $ 3.83 in December , according to the government ’s Energy Information Administration .
Those costs come at a time of rising food prices , forcing people to spend more on basics as wages fail to keep up .
The effects on the economy could be profound .
“ The American consumer will continue to pay for fuel , food and heat , ” said University of Maryland economist Peter Morici .
“ But they will give everything else up , ” he said .
“ That ’s going to make it harder to sell the average consumer a television , a suit , or even a meal at a restaurant . ”
HARD TIMES
This could become an especially depressing reality in July and August , when back - to - school shopping starts , and in November , when holiday shopping gets under way .
Without strong sales during both of those shopping seasons , retailers including Wal - Mart , Target , J.C. Penney and Sears could post bleak results for the last two quarters of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009 .
For many years , the consumer has been the engine of U.S. growth , accounting for around 70 percent of the economy .
But much recent spending has been done on credit , leaving Americans with a negative savings rate .
Now that consumers have been hit by the double - whammy of a weak economy and higher costs , the question is how much damage the engine has sustained and how long it will take to fix it .
Peter Schiff , president of money manager Euro Pacific Capital , warns that after years of profligate spending , the “ chickens are finally coming home to roost ” .
“ Our whole phony standard of living is imploding , ” he said .
“ We have borrowed and spent ourselves into oblivion . ”
“ It ’s amazing that people ca n’t figure out that America is broke . ”
WINTER OF DISCONTENT
Diane Swonk , chief economist of Mesirow Financial , says one of her biggest concerns for the short term is that the Bush administration ’s tax rebates , which were designed to stimulate the economy , will be used by consumers to fill their tanks and use air conditioning as usual rather than cutting back .
Many retailers , like Wal - Mart and Sears and supermarkets Kroger and Supervalu , have offered customers incentives to spend their rebate checks with them .
President George W. Bush signed into law a $ 152 billion fiscal stimulus package earlier this year to provide tax rebates to 130 million Americans .
Some $ 107 billion of the total was allocated for households .
“ The tax rebate is going to be a double - edged sword for consumers , ” Swonk said .
“ When the heating bills start coming in the fall things will not look so good . ”
“ That should contribute to a contraction in consumer spending in the fourth quarter , ” she added .
Swonk said that among the industries that will continue to feel the pinch is the auto industry , a major employer .
That likely means that Thursday ’s announcement by Ford Motor
Co that it was abandoning its long - touted goal of returning to profitability by 2009 will be followed by more bad news from Detroit .
With Ford and General Motors shares getting a battering on Thursday , investors were asking if the long - term prognosis of the Detroit automakers was becoming even bleaker .
“ The economic circumstances are not good for Ford and they are not good for any of the automakers really ; this is n’t anything that is a Ford exclusive , ” said Erich Merkle , director of forecasting for consulting firm IRN Inc .
Edward Leamer , head of the UCLA Anderson Forecast Center , said that thanks to the combination of high spending in recent years and rocketing fuel costs , the consumer - engine of U.S. economic growth is close to failing .
“ The global markets are telling us we are not as wealthy as we think we are and that we have spent beyond our means , ” he said .
But Leamer said while the engine may be broken , the U.S. economic model is not : it just needs a new engine .
Thanks to the “ rosy spot ” of exports helped by a weak dollar , plus strength in commodities like coal and grains , the UCLA Anderson Forecast Center predicts the U.S. economy will suffer only a mild recession this year .
But without that retail engine of growth , “ our long - term prospect is for sluggish U.S. economic growth , ” Leamer said .
“ Unfortunately , there is nothing on the horizon in the U.S. economy that will take over from the consumer . ”
David Einhorn thinks another big Wall Street bank is headed for trouble  and he is not being quiet about it .
For eight months now , Mr. Einhorn , a rabble - rousing hedge fund manager , has pilloried the venerable Lehman Brothers in an effort to drive down the bank ’s stock price , which he is betting against .
Lehman Brothers is not amused .
In recent weeks , the bank ’s chief financial officer , Erin Callan , has tried privately to rebut Mr. Einhorn to nervous investors , who have feared for Lehman ’s health ever since Bear Stearns succumbed to a panic .
But despite Ms. Callan ’s efforts , Lehman ’s stock keeps falling :
It tumbled 9.5 percent more on Tuesday , in a deluge of selling , bringing its loss for the last 12 months to 59 percent .
The battle over Lehman has captivated Wall Street and left the bank struggling over what to do next .
The bank , which is expected to post a quarterly loss of roughly $ 1 billion in a few weeks , may also raise capital to shore up investor confidence .
The bank has sold more than $ 100 billion in assets in recent months to shore up its finances , according to a person close to the company .
That person said new capital would most likely come from a source other than the public markets .
As I sit here right now my laptop is uncomfortably hot and its fans are making a really loud high pitched whine .
Something on my computer is spinning the CPU and it ’s making me literally hot .
I look at the processes and FireFox is taking between 40 % and 80 % of the CPU !
I ’m basically sitting idle too .
Well , right now I ’m typing this message in Firefox , but 5 minutes ago the computer was sitting unattended and it was still going nuts .
Ok , so Firefox is wigging .
But why ?
I ca n’t find any way to do some introspection .
I suspect it ’s one or two errant pages sitting in a tight javascript or flash loop .
But how can I find out which pages ?
I have 26 windows open and most windows have multiple tabs open each ( one has 30 tabs ) .
Each of them is open for a reason –some unfinished business I have at each page , so I ca n’t just close them randomly .
Besides , that would admit defeat .
What I need is a plug - in that monitors all the javascript and plugins that are running and keeps track of how long each runs .
Then I want a unix top - like view of all the open pages and how many resources each is consuming ( how much memory , how much cpu time their javascript is taking , etc ) .
Why does n’t this already exist ?
Sadly I just do n’t have time right now to write such a thing , considering how much I ’d have to first learn about the internal workings of Mozilla threads ( I assume they are all green threads , because something is running so much my typing has a significant delay every few seconds ) .
Please , please , please ( let me get what I want ) wo n’t somebody write something like this ?
How do you Mozilla developers work ?
Is there a Javascript profiler available already ?
I ’ve searched the add -ons before but I can’t find anything like this .
All I know is my lap is getting hot and I ca n’t do anything about it because I need Firefox open right now and it ’s beginning to really annoy me .
Adding social media to your marketing strategy is n’t just an option anymore , it ’s a necessity for most businesses .
Companies such as Coca - Cola , Churchill Downs and even presidential hopeful Senator Barack Obama are all using social media to promote their brand .
“ Social media is an umbrella term that defines the various activities that integrate technology , social interaction , and the construction of words and pictures .
This interaction , and the manner in which information is presented , depends on the varied perspectives and “ building ” of shared meaning , as people share their stories , and understandings . ” ( Wikipedia )
Here is a list of resources to get you started as you integrate social media into your business strategy .
SOCIAL MEDIA 101
Creating Conversations in Social Circles : A basic overview of the effectiveness of social media and the power of converting marketers thinking about creating a conversation strategies as opposed to communications strategies for their brands .
Basics of Social Media : Consumers have always found ways to share their thoughts and feelings about the products and services they ’ve purchased and used .
However , the emergence of inexpensive devices and software that allow consumers to easily capture , create , distribute and share those thoughts and feelings has dramatically changed the equation .
15 Fundamental Truths About Social Media Marketing :
These fifteen important truths are vital to building foundation to engaging in social media .
THE TOOLS THAT ARE BEING USED
The power of social media is that there are new platforms being built on a daily basis .
The tools listed below will help you launch into the social media arena .
LinkedIn :
This is the premier tool to use in business social networking .
This is the first place to start .
MySpace / Facebook : MySpace and Facebook are no longer the gather place for teens .
Companies are using these platforms to reach a targeted audience .
Twitter : A simple way to converse , connect and promote in 140 characters or less .
YouTube :
It ’s a great place to share videos online .
Innovative minds are using this platform for far greater things than bike crashes and blood curling wanna - be singers .
Digg , Stumbleupon , Reddit , Mixx :
These platforms are community based news sharing opportunities .
These tools are great to discover what certain niches are reading and exploring .
Flickr : A picture is worth a thousand words .
By sharing photos it allows others to connect with you and your business as a community member rather than just a customer .
Wikipedia : A great example of a social media site , Wikipedia is a multilingual , web - based , free content encyclopedia project that is written by volunteers .
WordPress / Typepad / Blogger : Blogging software that you can use to begin developing content as well as starting two way conversations .
Profilactic / FriendFeed :
These tools are ideal for using as an lifestreaming platform that can link together just about everything that is being created online .
BlogTalkRadio / Talkshoe :
Phone based applications that are being used by many to launch into the world of podcasting .
PRWeb : This is the leader for press release distribution service for small and medium - sized businesses and corporate communications .
JOIN THE CONVERSATION TODAY !
Do n’t let the tools trip you up , it ’s all about engaging a community .
Sit down and map out a strategy that you and your business can use make social media work for you .
Do n’t hesitate to become a part of the conversation today .
Aftermath of US slaughterhouse raid : Fear and repression grip Iowa town
By Bill Van Auken
26 May 2008
Two weeks have passed since an army of US immigration agents , backed by local and state police and members of other agencies carried out the largest single workplace raid in US history .
With helicopters flying overhead , the agents stormed the Agriprocessors meat packing plant in Postville , Iowa , detaining all of its employees and demanding that they prove their American citizenship or legal residence in the US .
In the end , 389 workers were hauled away , the bulk of them to a makeshift detention camp at the nearby Waterloo , Iowa ’s Cattle Congress grounds — an arena used for livestock shows .
Women detainees were packed into county jails .
While the glare of the national media moved away from Postville shortly after the record raid , the suffering for the hundreds of workers and their families caught up in this massive act of government repression had only begun .
In what followed in this Iowa town of barely 2,300 people — mass detentions , assembly - line trials in makeshift courts , federal agents harassing people in the streets and many hundreds of people hiding in fear of a knock on the door — there was more than a whiff of fascism .
In the immediate aftermath of the raid , immigrant workers , including the families of those rounded up by the Department of Homeland Security ’s Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents , poured into St. Bridget ’s Catholic Church , just a few blocks away from the meatpacking plant , seeking refuge .
Some 400 men , women and children — many of them US citizens — spent days sleeping in the pews and on the floor , afraid to return to their homes for fear that ICE snatch squads would also come for them or their family members .
Local public school attendance fell to 65 percent , as immigrant families kept their children off the streets , and a number of local businesses shut their doors .
“ I am looking at the faces of women whose husbands have been detained , ” said Sister Mary McCauley of St. Bridget ’s .
“ They are left with two or three children and they are just absolutely devastated , they are lost , they are forlorn , they are frightened , they are filled with anxiety .
They do n’t know if they themselves are safe , they do n’t know if their children are safe . ”
Another Catholic nun who works with the immigrant families in the area traveled to Washington last Tuesday to testify at a Congressional hearing on immigration policy .
Fighting back tears , Sister Kathy
Thill told of families being “ torn apart ” by the raids , with fathers in detention and mothers left to care for their children with no income .
“ I am also a United States citizen who grew up believing that this is a democratic country in which the dignity of all people is respected and their rights protected , ” she said at a news conference following the hearing .
“ This is not the country I experienced this past week . ”
She also described incidents in which ICE agents are continuing to stop people in store parking lots in Postville , questioning them about their immigration status .
“ Fear is rampant , ” she said .
She went on to recount how she received a telephone call while driving donated food from Waterloo to the church in Postville , informing her that authorities were setting up checkpoints along the route .
She feared that she herself could be detained for providing aid to the undocumented workers .
“ I suddenly felt like I was in a strange country , ” she said .
“ I did n’t feel free . ”
Meanwhile , a local public school guidance counselor with who was known in the town for providing assistance to immigrant families has also apparently been targeted for repression .
The counselor , Ron Wahls , who is also a minister at a local Hispanic church , was summoned last Thursday to appear before a grand jury next month .
In the affidavit ICE submitted to obtain warrants for the raid , the federal agency named an RW , apparently referring to Wahls , claiming that he was a “ point of contact ” for Agriprocessors workers regarding their Social Security numbers and that he carried an envelope of cash to pay them .
Wahls dismissed the charges as ridiculous , saying that he carried cash because tenants in rental property he owns paid him in cash .
As for the other charge , he told the Des Moines Register , “ I do n’t even know where my Social Security card is . ”
ICE officials have touted their “ humanitarian ” treatment of the immigrant workers , claiming that they took “ extraordinary care ” to determine whether locking them up would result in young children being left with no one to take care of them , as has happened in previous raids .
As a result , nearly 40 women were released to house arrest after being fitted with GPS monitoring devices , attached to their ankles .
Several underage workers caught in the roundup were given similar treatment , pending their deportation .
Meanwhile , those who remained in custody were held under conditions of inadequate food and toilet facilities , while being pressured to immediately plead guilty to minor offenses and waive any rights to appeal their deportations .
In all , 306 of the meatpacking workers were charged criminally .
All but five of them pleaded guilty to charges of possession of a counterfeit identification document , aggravated identity theft and misuse of a Social Security number , all of them stemming from the papers they filed with Agriprocessors to get work .
As a result , they are to be locked up in federal penitentiaries for five months and then deported to their home countries , where they are supposed to serve three years of probation .
The convictions eliminate , for all practical purposes , the ability of these workers to legally reenter the country , where many of them have families .
Federal prosecutors offered this plea deal on a take - it - or - leave - it basis , threatening otherwise to prosecute the workers on more serious charges that could have resulted in two or more years of imprisonment and hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines .
The proceedings themselves were a travesty , with columns of handcuffed workers marched in groups of 20 or more into the makeshift court at Cattle Congress , often represented by a single lawyer .
In some cases , judges asked the mass of detainees to answer key legal questions in their cases with a show of hands before sentencing them to five months in prison and deportation .
“ One group of immigrants — all men , clad in orange and blue jail outfits and sandals — sat with bowed heads as federal Magistrate John Scoles explained their rights , ” the Des Moines Register reported .
“ One glanced back at the audience , his eyes welled with tears . ”
Several pleaded for mercy .
“ I ’m the only source of support my family has , ” said Alvaro Anibel Ordonez Lopez , a native of Guatemala .
The US attorney ’s office in charge of these summary proceedings boasted to the media that they had recorded “ the greatest number of defendants to plead guilty and be sentenced in one day in the Northern District of Iowa . ”
The swiftness of the summary justice handed down by the federal authorities against the imprisoned meatpacking workers was apparently driven by a deadline set by the government ’s seven - day lease of the Cattle Congress .
Their aim was to wrap up the kangaroo courts and move the immigrants out before a Shetland breeders ’ show scheduled for the livestock facility this weekend .
The authorities made accommodations for a Saturday night “ Cruise Dance , ” scheduled before the raid .
It went ahead in the Cattle Congress ’s Electric Park Ballroom , where over the previous days columns of detainees , their shackles clanking , had been paraded before judges .
The American Civil Liberties Union denounced these mass trials as a gross violation of democratic rights .
“ The tactics of the prosecutors , the arbitrary plea deadlines , the complexity of the cases , the overwhelming number of cases per lawyer and the language barriers that make representation especially difficult suggest that the government is more interested in getting people deported without hearings than in achieving justice , ” said Ben Stone ACLU of Iowa ’s executive director .
American Immigration Lawyers Association executive director Jeanne Butterfield also condemned the government for “ using its vast power to coerce countless individuals to abandon their rights under the immigration system .
She added , “ It is inconceivable that among the 300 workers arrested , none has meritorious claims to be in this country under our country ’s immigration laws . ”
The government of Guatemala formally protested the treatment of its citizens — who accounted for 287 of those arrested at Agriprocessors .
In the last two years , the number of Guatemalans forcibly deported by US authorities has more than doubled , from 11,000 in 2005 to over 23,000 in 2007 .
More than 9,000 Guatemala immigrant workers have been deported so far this year .
There have been no charges whatsoever leveled against Agriprocessors , the largest kosher meatpacking plant in the country .
The company ’s owners are major contributors to the Republican Party .
Before the raid , the United Food and Commercial Workers , which was seeking to unionize the plant , had warned ICE that ongoing federal and state investigations into the company ’s payment of sub-minimum wages to some of its workers , its use of underage labor and violations of safety and sanitation laws would be disrupted if the workers were detained .
While formal immigration policy calls for authorities to refrain from raiding companies in which there are ongoing labor disputes , the appeal had no impact .
Lawyers who represented the detained workers said that none of them had been asked anything about offenses committed by management .
The company has been cited hundreds of times for sanitation violations , including fecal contamination of meat and chicken and failure to properly screen for BSE , or mad cow disease .
It is now over a century since Upton Sinclair wrote “ The Jungle , ” his searing indictment of the American meatpacking industry and the capitalist system as a whole .
In it he detailed the brutal and often fatal working conditions confronting a previous generation of immigrant workers — Lithuanians in Chicago , who had come to America just like their present - day Guatemalan and Mexican counterparts in Iowa — to escape oppression and seek a better life .
While Sinclair ’s book created a public outcry , the government ’s response centered entirely on issues of cleanliness in the packing houses , ignoring the plight of the workers .
As the Agriprocessors raid demonstrates , a century later , while the government is largely indifferent to the issues of safety , sanitation and working conditions in the plant , it is prepared to mobilize an army of agents and spend millions of dollars to carry out police state repression against those who work there .
The objective impact of this campaign is not to halt the entry of undocumented workers into the country , but rather to terrorize those who are here and create more favorable conditions for employers like Agriprocessors to subject them to unrestrained exploitation .
In the final analysis , the repression carried out against immigrant workers is directed against the working class as a whole .
And , under conditions of mounting social unrest , it is not at all difficult to imagine the semi- fascist methods employed in Postville — mass workplace roundups , makeshift detention camps and drumhead justice — being turned against other sections of workers , regardless of their citizenship or immigration status .
CSS galleries can be a great source of inspiration , but if you ’re looking for something in particular they can be a bit of a nightmare .
They can also be a little repetitive , you ’ll often find the same design repeated on many of the galleries .
Since niche galleries have a tighter focus it allows them to be more detailed when adding sites to the gallery , and although they do n’t update as often the quality usually makes up for it .
Given their focus the same design is a lot less likely to be featured on more than one of the niche galleries .
This is not to say the general galleries are going away , they provide a steady steam of inspiration , but when you ’re looking for something in particular niche is nicer .
Below you ’ll find a list of niche galleries , that focus on things from color schemes , to layout , and specific content types .
Color Schemes
Light On Dark
http://www.lightondark.com
Light on Dark is a showcase of well designed & coded web sites with light text on a dark background .
Online since January 2006 , with approximately 1,000 items of inspiration .
CSS Nature
http://www.cssnature.org
CSS NATURE is a showcase of well designed css and xhtml nature based website designs .
Online since July 2007 , with approximately 200 items of inspiration .
Layout
Design By Grid
http://www.designbygrid.com
Design By Grid is a resource to promote websites designed with grids , and the tools and techniques used to make websites with grids .
You ’ll find a gallery of great grid based designed , as well as links to tutorials and invaluable tools for anyone designing with grids .
Online since May 2007 , with approximately 100 items of inspiration .
The Horizontal Way
http://www.thehorizontalway.com/
Most websites display their content vertically , making the user scroll down the page .
In some rare cases however the website can be laid out horizontally making users scroll to the right instead , The Horizontal Way is showcase for just these sites .
You wo n’t see to many of these sites , but if you do ever need to design a site that scrolls horizontally , this is the place to go for inspiration .
Online since November 2006 , with approximately 40 items of inspiration .
No Resolution
http://www.cssliquid.com
There has long been a discussion on whether websites should be fixed in width or adjust to the size of the users browser .
All arguments aside , see some great examples of fluid and elastic designs at No Resolution ( formally called CSS Liquid ) .
You ’ll also find some resources and tutorials to help you make you next design fluid , or you can use some of the open source templates .
Online since November 2005 , with approximately 300 items of inspiration .
Content
I Heart Blogs
http://www.iheartblogs.com
I Heart Blogs is a showcase of well designed and well written blogs .
Online since February 2008 , with approximately 40 items of inspiration .
eduStyle
http://www.edustyle.net
eduStyle is a web design gallery dedicated to higher education websites and powered by higher education web design professionals .
Online since January 2007 , with approximately 700 items of inspiration .
Carted Up
http://www.cartedup.com
Carted
Up is a showcase of online stores , beautifully designed , and easy to operate .
Online since October 2007 , with approximately 50 items of inspiration .
Feed My App
http://www.feedmyapp.com
A showcase of web based applications .
Online since June 2007 , with approximately 2,500 items of inspiration .
Size
Full Single
http://www.fullsingle.com
Sometimes all you need is one page to convey our message , Full Single is a showcase of full websites that fit in a single page .
Online since January 2007 , with approximately 200 items of inspiration .
One Page Folios
http://www.onepagefolios.com
Collection of one page portfolio by designers and developers .
Online since April 2006 , with approximately 850 items of inspiration .
Geographic
CSS Design Yorkshire
http://www.css-design-yorkshire.com
Although not exclusively dedicated to the region , this gallery showcases web sites created by css web designers in the Yorkshire region of England .
Online since October 2006 , with approximately 2,000 items of inspiration .
Oriental Gallery
http://oriental-gallery.com
For those designing for an oriental audience it may be helpful to view websites designed by oriental designers .
Differentiated not just by language Oriental designers have different culture and experience than western designers .
Online since 2007 , with approximately 60 items of inspiration .
Content Management Systems
WP Cube
http://wpcube.com
A showcase of the best designed WordPress sites .
Online since December 2007 , with approximately 300 items of inspiration .
We Love WP
http://www.welovewp.com
Those WordPress users really like their CMS , another showcase of WordPress powered sites .
Online since June 2007 , with approximately 350 items of inspiration .
We Love TXP
http://www.welovetxp.com
Not be left out users of TextPattern showcase their best sites .
Online since July 2007 , with approximately 450 items of inspiration .
LoopPress
http://www.looppress.com
Had to sneak in one more WordPress showcase .
Online since November 2007 , with approximately 400 items of inspiration .
Moveable Love
http://www.moveablelove.com
This is a place to show off interesting and beautiful sites built with Moveable Type .
Online since February 2008 , with approximately 10 items of inspiration .
Web Development Frameworks
Drupal Sites
http://www.drupalsites.net/
A directory that lists websites powered by the open - source content management system Drupal .
Online since November 2005 , with approximately 2,000 items of inspiration .
Happy Codr
http://happycodr.com
A showcase of websites built using the Ruby on Rails web development framework .
Online since November 2006 , with approximately 700 items of inspiration .
Other
LogoPond
http://www.logopond.com
User submitted gallery of logos , with a hand selected collection of the best logos .
Online since July 2006 , with approximately 20,000 items of inspiration .
IllyPads
http://www.illypads.com
A showcase of the best user submitted illustrations .
Online since March 2008 , with approximately 100 items of inspiration .
CSS Princess
http://cssprincess.com
Website designed by Female designers are showcased at CSS Princess .
Online since July 2006 , with approximately 200 items of inspiration .
Launching Soon Pages
http://launchsoon.com/gallery.php
A new gallery that showcases placeholder pages , for websites that have not launched yet .
Online since February 2008 , with approximately 10 items of inspiration .
Business Cards
http://www.flickr.com/photos/dailypoetics/sets/72057594104389710/
A collection of inspiring business card designs .
Online since April 2006 , with approximately 700 items of inspiration .
Colour Lovers
http://www.colourlovers.com
COLOURlovers gives the people who use color – whether for ad campaigns , product design , or in architectural specification – a place to check out a world of color , compare color palettes , submit news and comments , and read color related articles and interviews .
Online since December , 2004 , with approximately 1,000,000 items of inspiration .
Elements of Design
http://www.smileycat.com/design_elements/
Elements of Design is a different type of web design showcase focusing on specific aspects of web design .
It is brought to you by the Smiley Cat Web Design Blog .
Approximately 600 items of inspiration .
Typesites
http://www.typesites.com
Typesites is a weekly showcase of websites with interesting typographic design .
Online since January 2008 , approximately 7 items of inspiration .
CSS Drive Menu Designs
http://www.cssdrive.com/index.php/menudesigns/
A gallery of website menus .
Approximately 75 items of inspiration .
I ’m sure there are a number of deserving niche galleries that I ’ve missed , leave a comment and I ’ll keep the list updated .
Gallery inspiration counts as at March 2008 .
Not once did Bergner point the finger at Iran for any of these weapons and munitions , which is a striking change from just a couple of weeks ago when U.S. military officials here and at the Pentagon were saying that caches found in Basra in particular had revealed Iranian - made arms manufactured as recently as this year .
They say the majority of rockets being fired at U.S. bases , including Baghdad 's Green Zone , are launched by militiamen receiving training , arms and other aid from Iran .
Among other things , Bergner cited 20,000 " items of ammunition , explosives and weapons " reported by Iraqi forces in the central city of Karbala ; an additional Karbala cache containing 570 explosive devices , nine mortars , four anti-aircraft missiles , and 45 RPGs ; and in the southern city of Basra alone , 39 mortar tubes , 1,800 mortars and artillery rounds , 600 rockets , and 387 roadside bombs .
Read his remarks here .
There was something interesting missing from Maj.
Gen. Kevin Bergner 's introductory remarks to journalists at his regular news briefing in Baghdad on Wednesday : the word " Iran , " or any form of it .
It was especially striking as Bergner , the U.S. military spokesman here , announced the extraordinary list of weapons and munitions that have been uncovered in recent weeks since fighting erupted between Iraqi and U.S. security forces and Shiite militiamen .
Today brought fresh attacks , including an unusual barrage fired at a military base used by British and U.S. forces in Basra , in southern Iraq .
A statement said " several " rockets hit the base during the afternoon , and that initial reports indicated two civilian contractors were killed , and four soldiers and four civilians injured .
It was the first reported attack of its kind since March 27 in Basra .
Iraqi officials also have accused Iran of meddling in violence and had echoed the U.S. accusations of new Iranian - made arms being found in Basra .
But neither the United States nor Iraq has displayed any of the alleged arms to the public or press , and lately it is looking less likely they will .
U.S. military officials said it was up to the Iraqis to show the items ; Iraqi officials lately have backed off the accusations against Iran .
A plan to show some alleged Iranian - supplied explosives to journalists last week in Karbala and then destroy them was canceled after the United States realized none of them was from Iran .
A U.S. military spokesman attributed the confusion to a misunderstanding that emerged after an Iraqi Army general in Karbala erroneously reported the items were of Iranian origin .
When U.S. explosives experts went to investigate , they discovered they were not Iranian after all .
Iran , meanwhile , continues to seethe after an Iraqi delegation went to Tehran last week to confront it with the accusations .
It has denied the accusations , and it says as long as U.S. forces continue to take part in military action in Iraq 's Shiite strongholds , it wo n't consider holding further talks with Washington on how to stabilize Iraq .
— Tina Susman in Baghdad
Photo : Made in Iran ?
Not necessarily .
Iraqi forces prepare to detonate weapons found earlier this month in Karbala .
( Army Sgt. 1st Class Tami Hillis )
After taking apart a $ 30 " extender " Wi-Fi router antenna , one intrepid video blogger posted a guide to making the same thing with remarkably cheap stuff .
If you 're not afraid of a soldering gun or taking apart your router antenna , a small amount of copper wire , a drinking straw , a wood screw and black marker should get you ( according to the video creator ) roughly twice the range and power .
The standard warnings about potentially damaging your hardware apply , so those skittish about soldering should check out Gina 's Top 10 Wi-Fi Boosts , Tweaks and Apps .
Thanks Colin !
Advertisement
Wifi Antenna Hack [ Viddler ]
David Kuo , the former deputy director of the White House office of faith - based initiatives , implies that George W. Bush is not fond of Christians .
He maintains in his new book , Tempting Faith , that Bush and those around him regularly mock and make fun of Christians , especially Evangelicals .
For example , he quotes Karl Rove as saying Evangelicals are “ nuts . ”
It was quite common , according to Kuo , for Bush and those around him to look upon Christians as useful idiots .
But this should be no surprise .
Neoconservatives have a long history of allegedly mocking Christians .
It was , after all , the pro-Israel lobby that coined the term “ useful idiots ” – their term to describe pro-Israel Christians .
Christians , they maintain , are good for money , votes and soldiers – but that ’s about it .
Christians are not to be taken seriously .
Bush has surrounded himself with such neocons , helping them every step of the way to implement their sinister agenda .
Bush lied about WMDs in Iraq , and he still utilizes the “ useful idiots ” ( Christians ) as canon fodder on the battlefields of Iraq .
Geore W Bush ’s covert dislike of Christians is old news .
Like his neoconservative cabal , he looks upon them as useful idiots , pawns in a global agenda .
And despite some empty rhetoric , Bush ’s domestic policies have harmed working Christian families .
Two policies in particular , immigration and free trade , have been devastating .
Bush , through increased immigration , has done more harm to working Christian families than any politician in recent history .
The invasion of third - world immigrants has depressed American wages to a historical low .
The wages of most Christian Americans ( adjusted for inflation ) are lower now than they were in 1980 because of both legal and illegal immigration .
And immigration has not only harmed Christian wages , but also their neighborhoods , schools , and daily lives .
In parts of the Southwest , for example , crime has increased 800 % , HIV 700 % , and Hispanics have banned “ all white authors ” from the schools .
Bush and his cronies want to convert the US into a third - world wasteland , and thereby have been instrumental in bringing harm to Christian Americans .
Bush ’s support of free trade has also harmed working Christians .
Historically , liberals supported free trade , and conservatives opposed it .
Conservatives should oppose it .
Free trade undermines national sovereignty , and it places vital economic decisions in the hands of international bureaucrats who are accountable to no one .
But many of the non-thinking GOP lapdogs have been “ neoconned ” on this issue , actually thinking it wise to support national suicide .
Our free - trade deficit is now at a historical high .
Wages are depressed , hundreds of thousands of jobs lost , and all the while Bush and his big - business buddies have made money from such suffering .
The Christian “ useful idiots ” have been good canon fodder not only in Iraq but on the economic battlefield as well .
And , all the while , the neoconservatives ’ bank accounts have ballooned .
George W. Bush has betrayed America .
He is no Christian himself , which is why he mocks real Christians .
Christians should be ashamed for supporting such a Judas .
MAGIC PEN
Way back in 1687 Sir Isaac Newton wrote down his famous three laws of motion .
Now , centuries later , these three basic rules have finally found their use .
You are presented a hands - on experience seeing these basic laws of physics being applied to the shape you have just drawn .
You can combine object with pins and hinges to create machines that come to life as they are affected by gravity .
Make clever use of their momentum to reach your goal .
Instructions
Make clever use of physic to collect all flags in each level .
Video Walkthroughs here :
Levels 1-11
Levels 12 -26
The shapes that you draw are affected by gravity , friction and inertia .
Use these properties in your advantage .
The red ball ( or red square in some levels ) , is the object that collects the flags .
Draw the objects in such a way that they push the ball in the desired direction .
Use the mouse to draw an object .
You cannot draw inside other objects .
Draw a circle by holding the left mouse button .
You can use pins and hinges to link two objects together .
Hold S and click inside an object to draw a pin .
Draw a second object on top of the pin to link the two object together .
Hold D to draw a hinge .
It works the same as with a pin , except that now the two objects can rotate with respect to each other .
To erase a single object hold down A as you left click a shape .
Press space to restart the level .
Magic
Pen music : http://www.myspace.com/pitbulljonesmusic
Play the sequel , Magic Pen 2 : https://www.bubblebox.com/play/puzzle/1285.htm
42
MAGIC PEN WALKTHROUGH VIDEO
Magic
Pen is an online puzzle game developed by Alejandro Guillen , and has been played 5525364 times on Bubblebox.com . % of people have voted thumbs up
I was lucky enough to have a decent Battlestation for working from home .
A couple of years ago , I got rid of my desktop as my daily driver and replaced with a MacBook Pro.
Since I also had a Thunderbolt 3 compatible MBP for work , I decided to go for a dock & eGPU setup so that I could use my monitors and peripherals with my work laptop AND my personal laptop .
This is a perfect setup since I can connect any laptop to my peripherals , Vega 56 eGPU , and the dual 4K LG Monitors with a single Thunderbolt 3 connection
Gear List :
CalDigit TS3 Plus Dock
Radeon RX Vega 56
Razer Core X Thunderbolt 3 Graphics Expansion Chassis
2 x 27 " LG 4K UHD IPS LED Monitor
MX Master 2S Mouse
Very old Das Keyboard Model S Professional keyboard with Cherry MX Blue Switches
For the most part , this setup is perfect for just switching to my personal laptop after I 'm done with the work day .
I only wish that Microsoft improve the eGPU support on Bootcamp so I could burn time with better games during the quarantine .
tracをご存知ですか？tracは主にシステム開発系プロジェクトにおいて、バグ管理・バージョン管理・ドキュメント共有に使われる超便利ツールです。これがないと開発なんて出来ないよ！という開発者も多いはず。
そんなtracですが、 個人用や家庭用でもカナリ使えるツール なんです。開発をしなくても、 「 脳をすっきりさせたり 」 「 自分タスクを整理したり 」 「アイデアを貯めたり 」 「旅行計画を家族と共有したり」、日常生活という自分プロジェクトの管理ツールとして活用することができます。
tracと は
前述の通り、tracは主にシステム開発で使うプロジェクト管理ツールで、無償ソフトとして配布されているので、誰でも自由にダウンロードして使うことができます。
主に利用できる機能が4つあって
■ wiki
誰でもいつでも編集できるwiki機能があります。個人で使うときはメモ帳代わりにしたり、計画を書いたりします。
■ チケット
tracでは、やるべきタスクを「チケット」として管理します。例えば、今週中にインクを買う必要があれば、チケットとして「インクを買う」と登録します。その時にそのチケットに対して「優先度」「種類」などが選択できます。
■ ロードマップ
チケットをまとめて1つのロードマップにすることができます。基本的にはプロジェクト毎にロードマップを作成して、そこにチケットを追加していきます。
■ ソース管 理
tracはsubversionというバージョン管理ソフトと連携していて、ブラウザ上でバージョン管理されたソースコードを閲覧することができます。便利。
個人でもつかえ る
一昔前までは、trac構築は結構大変な作業でした。python入れて、subversion入れて、DB入れて、apache入れて、、、。しかし、最近では一発でtracをインストールできるツールが沢山でているので心配はありません。
windows な ら「 All - In - One - Trac 」 や「 Trac月 」を導入すれば、すぐにtracを使うことができます。linux系などであれば、パッケージ管理(yumなど）ですぐに導入できるでしょう。それ以外の場合も「trac
インストール」などで検索すればインストール方法は沢山でてくるので、ここでは割愛させて頂きます。
tracを個人用に導入すると良いこと
ここからが本題ですが、個人でtracを使っていて、良いこと良かったことをまとめてみます。
■ やるべきタスク （TODO ) を「 見える化 」でき る
あれもやらないとなぁ、これもやらないとなぁと考えているものはすべて「チケット化」します。「やるべき 」
「やったほうがいい 」 「やってもいい 」
「できればやる」どんなレベルでも優先度をかえてtracに登録しておきます。そうすることで脳をすっきりさせ、やることはtracに書かれているので、あとは「やるべきタスクを順番にこなしていくのみ」という状態にできます。
例 ：「 MixClipsの2ちゃんねる機能追加 」 「プリンタのインク（ブラック）購入」「お正月の予定整理 」「○○氏にお礼メールだす 」「▼▼のブログ読む」
■ アイデア帳になる 。
アイデア帳を持っている人も多いと思いますが、私はアイデアの最終登録地をtracにしています。家でアイデアを思いついたらtracに書きますし、外でもネットができる環境であれば、tracに追加します。その他環境では、携帯メールで家のPCにメールして、そこからtracのチケットにします。他のタスクと混ざるとわかりにくいので、「アイデア」というロードマップを作って、そこにアイデアチケットを整理します。アイデアをより具体的に整理したい場合はwikiを使って詳細にまとめていきます。
例： 「 ○○サービスの日本語版 」 「 ▼▼ができるサービス 」
■ 友人や家族と共有できる
tracにはユーザー管理機能があって、wikiだけ見える人、チケットにも登録できる人など権限を追加できます。家族と今度の旅行計画をwikiで共有してもいいし、友人や家族同士で相手にやって欲しい事をとりあえずチケットにしておくと、誰にいま何をお願いしている、されているというのも「見える化」でき、お互いの意識共有で出来ます。友人と使う場合は外部から見える必要があるので、レンタルサーバーか自宅サーバーに設置する必要があります。
例 ： 「 ○○のソース下さい 」 「 ▼▼今度かっといて 」 「 □□を教えて 」
■ ブラウザでソースが見える
あの時作ったあのプログラムが見たいけど、外出先なので見えないとか、個人で作ったソースが会社でも使えそうなんていうときに、自分用tracがあれば、簡単にソースを閲覧することができます。また、例えソースが手元にあっても、eclipse立ち上げて・・とか結構めんどくさい場合もありますが、tracであれば、ブラウザさえあれば、ソースを見ることができます。
■ 個人の有限リソース管理
個人の時間というのは24時間という有限のリソースに支配されています。自分の脳みそだけでは、忘れたりして整理しきれません。上にあげたようなtracの機能を使うことで、記憶部分をtracに押し付けることができ、あとは優先度によって取捨選択をすればよい状態になります。
wikiとtracの自動リンクや、検索機能、コメント機能など他にも便利な機能がありますが別の機会に。
個人で使うコ ツ
個人的にtracを使っていて、いくつか便利だったtipsを並べています。
・ ■ ロードマップはある程度分割す る
個人のタスクすべてをいれていくので、ロードマップは大雑把でもよいので分けておいたほうが見やすいです。私ですと、まずウェブサービス単位のロードマップがあります。例えば、「ブログ」「MixClips」・・・といった具合です。そこにそのサービス単位でやるべきこと、追加したい機能、見つかった障害などを追加していっています。
他にも 「勉強 」
「購入」などのロードマップ作って勉強したいことや、欲しいものを買える買えないは別にして（笑）整理しています。入りきらないチケットは「その他」に入れています。私は15ロードマップくらいありますが、サービス開発で使わないとすると5個くらいに分けられれば十分だと思います。
■ 今月の作業ロードマップを作る
細かくロードマップをわけても、全部を見るのは結構大変です。そこで「12月の作業」というロードマップを作ります。他のロードマップに登録されたチケットで、今月やろうと思っているものを12月の作業に移動します。そうすると基本的には「12月の作業」ロードマップしか見なくてよくなります。終わったチケットから閉じていって、他にもできそうだったら「12月の作業」に追加します。1月になれば、12月ロードマップを終了させて、1月ロードマップを作ります。残りのチケットも1月に移動させます。見る場所を少なくするのは重要です。
■ 外部公開はセキュア に
友達と共有したり、会社などの外部から見えるようにする場合は、通常のウェブサイト公開以上にセキュアにして下さい。
「 Basic認証 」 「 IPアドレス制限」は最低限するようにして下さい。「クライアント証明書認証」「HTTPSでの通信」までできれば十分だと思います。
まとめ
tracは少しとっつきにくい面もありますが、個人的には「個人の有限である時間というリソース管理」ができる一番最適なツールだと思います。カレンダー機能に弱い部分がありますが、ほぼ私の要求を満たしてくれます。是非個人レベルでも活用してみて下さい。そして、他にも活用術があれば、是非教えていただければ幸いです。
MONSANTO , the American biotech giant , is facing an unprecedented wave of criticism from within the industry .
Many of Monsanto's rivals say the company is largely to blame for a consumer backlash that could cripple the prospects for genetically engineered food in Europe .
Polls show that consumer acceptance of engineered food has collapsed in Europe since 1997 , when it emerged that Monsanto 's herbicide - resistant Roundup Ready soya beans had been shipped to Europe mixed with ordinary soya .
Consumers interpreted the move as a ploy to force transgenic soya down European throats .
Monsanto officials have always maintained that the decision not to segregate was made by farmers and distributors , but they admit to misjudging the mood in Europe .
Monsanto was convinced that smooth acceptance of transgenic soya in the US would be mirrored in Europe .
The entire industry is now having to deal with the consequences of that miscalculation .
Though wary of breaking a tradition of solidarity against opponents of genetic engineering , other companies are distancing themselves from Monsanto .
" We have a PR mountain to climb , " says Willy de Greef , head of regulatory and government affairs at Novartis Seeds in Basel , Switzerland .
" You have a problem if the market leader has firmly set ideas about how to do things , which others might not agree with , " he adds .
" An expensive failure can be made into an asset if you 've learnt from it , but Monsanto still has some learning to do . "
Zeneca , the British - based biotechnology giant , also feels aggrieved , not least because it won applause from consumer groups in 1996 by labelling its tomato puree as containing genetically modified tomatoes .
" It 's a matter of respect for your customer , " says Nigel Poole , head of regulatory affairs at Zeneca Plant Science in Bracknell , Berkshire .
Another senior figure in the industry , who asked to remain anonymous , is more blunt , accusing Monsanto of " arrogant stupidity " .
He adds : " The issue with Roundup Ready soya beans is the elimination of choice .
It 's not about genetic engineering , it 's an issue of ' no one 's going to tell me what to eat ' . "
Other companies are less willing to single out Monsanto for criticism , but those contacted by New Scientist agree that the failure to segregate Roundup Ready soya was a setback .
And the problems did n't end there , say some industry sources : a high - profile advertising campaign from Monsanto , designed to reassure European consumers , has if anything hardened negative public attitudes to agricultural biotechnology .
" We 're as fed up as some others with the Yankee - Doodle language that comes to our consumers , " says de Greef of Novartis .
Even some US companies , insulated from the worst effects of the European storm , are concerned .
Du Pont of Wilmington , Delaware , is worried about the impact of Monsanto 's stance on future launches of its products in Europe .
" It may be more difficult now , " says a spokesman .
When it comes to their own - brand products , many of Britain 's major retailers are telling their soya suppliers to order as much material as possible from sources outside the US - mainly in Argentina and Brazil - that are guaranteed unmodified .
But Brazil last month approved commercial plantings of Roundup Ready soya beans , and Monsanto aims to capture 20 per cent of the Brazilian market within three years .
Monsanto argues that the company is being singled out because it is the market leader .
" We certainly did n't intend to drop other companies in it , " says Monsanto spokesman Dan Verakis .
" If people think we started the controversy , we are certainly trying to clarify it . "
Author : Andy Coghlan New Scientist magazine , issue 31st Oct 98 .
US CONTACT - Barbara Thurlow , New Scientist Washington office : Tel : 202 452 1178 or email newscidc@idt.net
PLEASE MENTION NEW SCIENTIST AS THE SOURCE OF THIS ARTICLE - THANK YOU
###
Various Twitter - related tools and plugins have been multiplying fast over since we did our big Twitter Toolbox and 8 awesome Firefox plugins for Twitter earlier .
When we say fast , we " mean 140 + new tools " fast , and we probably missed some , too .
You know what this means : now you have to arm yourself with dozens of shiny widgets you probably do n't need , but you can't resist them anyway .
Posting Enhancement
Brabblr - With Brabblr , you can post to all your micro blogging services including Twitter , Pownce , Jaiku , Tumblr , Jabber , Frazr , and more .
Autopostr -
This service lets your friends in Twitter know when you post a new picture on Flickr .
EmailTwitter - With this service , you can send tweets to Twitter from your cellphone without incurring SMS charges .
GroupTweet - Allows you to post private message to a group of Twitter friends .
Hashtags -
You can add tags to your Twitter posts with this service .
HelloTxt -
This service enables you to update Twitter , a host of other micro blogging sites , and social networking sites with one click .
LinkBunch -
Need to share more than one link in a tweet ?
LinkBunch puts together all the links and provides you one link that you can share on Twitter .
As you might have understood , this can be used not just with Twitter , but also with emails , IMs , SMS , etc .
LiveTwitting - Helps you cover a conference live on Twitter .
Similar to liveblogging , only cooler .
MicroRevie -
Post reviews on twitter accs and this service will turn them into microformats .
Mobypicture - A service to post to your blog and micro-blogging sites like Twitter through your mobile phone .
OutTwit -
A tool for Outlook that will send the latest tweets from your friends as incoming email messages .
SecretTweet - Post to Twitter anonymously .
If you really need to .
SnapTweet - Allows you to post your Flickr pictures to Twitter .
Snitter - an Adobe AIR based desktop client for Twitter compatible with Mac and Windows .
The Linux version is in testing .
Twhirl - Twhirl is a popular desktop client based on Adobe AIR .
It has a lot of impressive features including multiple Twitter accounts , connect to Friendfeed , post image to Twitpic , post to Pownce and Jaiku simultaneously , and search using Tweetscan .
TweetCube -
This service allows you to post files on Twitter .
Files that can be shared include .zip , .rar , .pdf , .jpg , .png , .gif , .mp3 and .txt .
Tweetr - an AIR based Twitter client for MAC and PC .
You can use this to send files upto 100MB .
Twibler - posts your ebay listings to Twitter automatically .
Twideeo -
You can post videos to Twitter using this service that lets you upload the vid to their site and then generates a link to your video .
Twit + -
You can tweet pictures , videos , and files using this service publicly or privately among your friends on Twitter .
Twitxr - Another neat way to post a picture on Twitter , Facebook , or Picassa .
TweetChannel -
You can add TweetChannel as your friend in Twitter to help you channel your various posts .
TweetLater -
An useful service to schedule your Twitter posts for the future .
Twitpic - Share pictures on Twitter using Twitpic .
Twitsay -
You can tweet an audio recording to Twitter using this new and popular service .
Twits Like Me -
You can use this service to find people on Twitter who share your interests .
TwitterCal -
This service allows you to post events from your Google calendar to your Twitter accounts .
Twitter Feed -
This tool allows you to send your blog atom or RSS feed to Twitter .
TwitterGram - Post an mp3 on Twitter using this service .
Twitteroo -
This is another popular desktop client for Twitter .
TwitterIM - Using this tool , you can tweet from Windows Live Messenger and ICQ .
Twitterlights -
This tool allows you to highlight snippets of text from any webpage and send it to twitter .
The url of the page also gets converted into a tinyurl and gets included in your tweet .
Twitter Reply -
With this tool , you can send your Twitter updates on a secret email address , or through Windows Live Messenger or ICQ .
Twittershare -
This desktop / web application also allows you to post pictures on Twitter .
Works on Mac as well .
VisualTwitter - Allow you to post pictures on Twitter .
Reading
TopTweet -
This site provides you updates from the top Twitter personalities .
Yes , it took us a lot of tries to take a screenshot without Scoble in it .
TweetWire - TweetWire grabs the freshest links posted on Twitter and displays them Yahoo News page style .
Twitter100 - Just like in your personal start pages , this tool will allocate a box to each of the people you follow on a single page and display their latest tweets .
Twitterator - Twitterator enables you to follow a group of people at one go .
Twitter Digest -
This tool allows you to subscribe to a message stream from a Twitter user of a group of users on the web or through an atom feed .
Alpha Twitter -
This site provides you with the top links on Twitter .
Search
Summize - A
Twitter search engine , lately shaping into the leader of this space .
You can run a RSS feed on your query too and filter tweets by language .
Flaptor Twitter Search - A simple Twitter search engine .
You can get an RSS feed out of your search query as well .
Terraminds - Another search tool for Twitter .
Tweet Scan -
This is a search engine for Twitter indexing all the public messages on Twitter .
Twits Like Me -
This tool helps you find people on Twitter who share your interests .
Twitterment - A search engine for Twitter powered by Google search .
TwitterWho - Using this , you can search for multiple queries on Twitter at one go .
Twubble -
This also helps find people who share your interests on Twitter .
It brings our profiles who your current friends are already following .
Analytics
TwitBuzz - TwitBuzz is a service that follows the links , messages , and users on Twitter and displays them nicely on its site Digg - style .
TweetBeep - Just like Google Alerts , this service will send you an alert whenever your set keyword is mentioned on Twitter or when somebody link to your site .
TwitGraph -
This service provides graphs of your Twitter usage - tweets by day , top 5 words , top 5 links , and top replies .
Twitterlinkr -
Shows you the popular links that people are posting in Twitter .
24oclocks -
You can see your tweets displayed by the hour of the day .
GeoTwitterous - Enter a Twitter ID and this tool will display from where the people that particular person is following are in a global map .
My Tweet Map -
This tool will show you the latest tweets from your friends on a map .
Quotably - With Quotably , you can check out any Twitter user 's conversations in a thread conversation style making it easier to follow .
Extremely useful .
Sitevolume - Just like Alexa , this site will allow to see how many time a particular term has been used on Twitter , Digg , MySpace , YouTube , and Flickr .
You can add in multiple terms and see bar graphs comparing the terms .
Twetterboard -
An analytics service that provides information about popular Twitter users and popular links .
Tweetburner - Tweetburner gives you click stats for the links you posted in Twitter .
Twittermeter -
You can use Twittermeter to see how frequently a word has been used on Twitter .
You can also compare two or more words .
Twemes -
Twemes follows
Twitter public messages with particular tags to build a meme around a topic .
TweetStats -
You can grab your Twitter stats including your tweet timeline , tweet per month , and tweet per hour .
TweetVolume - With this , you can check how many time a particular word appear on Twitter .
You can compare upto five words and see the results in bar graphs .
TwitterLocal -
This tool allows you to generate an RSS Feed of a filtered list of tweets from a certain area .
Tweetmeme - Displays popular topics on Twitter and those people talking about that topic .
Twist -
This provides trends of what people are saying on Twitter just like Google Trends does for internet search words .
Twittermap -
This tool displays the most recent public updates in the last 12 hours .
Twittermeter - Allows you to compare any keywords used on Twitter on through a graphical interface .
Twitt ( url )y -
This service tracks the most linked to urls on Twitter and display them Digg - style .
Wiiizzz -
This service lists the audio tracks that have been listed to and shared on Twitter .
i Phone and other mobile phone clients
Twitter for iPhone - Another Twitter client for your iPhone .
i Twtr -
This is an open source Twitter client for iphones .
Pocket Tweets - A web based Twitter client for the iphone .
Twittai - A Java - based
Twitter client compatible with more than 200 kinds of mobile phones .
ceTwit - Twitter client for Windows Mobile .
Not as cool as the iPhone versions , but then again , what is ?
Twapper - Send updates from your 30 boxes calendar to your mobile phone using Twitter .
TwitterFone -
You can update Twitter from your mobile phone using this service .
Qik -
Stream videos from your mobile phone to Twitter using Qik .
Surprisingly , it works really well - try it out .
Fun / Utility
Crowd Status -
View the status of your friends on Twitter in a start - up page style .
@answerme -
With this tool , you can track the questions you ask on Twitter .
Bkkeepr -
With this service , you can track the books you are reading on Twitter .
CommuterFeed - You can share your traffic report on Commuterfeed using Twitter .
Foamee -
This is a fun site that allows you to track people who owes you beer or coffee using your Twitter account .
FoodFeed - FoodFeed is a micro blogging site that you can use to post about your food habits through Twitter .
InnerTwitter - Meditate by receiving chimes at regular intervals from InnerTwitter .
Notches - Allows you to write reviews of certain items on Twitter .
Hahlo - if you are not satisfied with your Twitter interface , you can check out Hahlo to manage your Twitter account .
It gives you a separate profile page and the rest of the Twitter features in a new look .
LoudTwitter -
This tool posts your Twitter posts on your blog .
Hey , is n't Twitter supposed to be some kind of a blog , too ?
Now I 'm confused .
My Tweeple - Manage your friends and followers in Twitter on a single web page .
Politweets -
You can check out your presidential candidate 's popularity on Twitter here .
Post Like a Pirate -
This tool allow you to convert your post into pirate - speak before posting it to Twitter .
I , however , do n't need it , because I already speak like a pirate .
Yarr !
Quitter - Quitter will help you how to use Twitter to quit smoking .
Bonus points for cool name .
Roll .
The .
Dice -
You can use this service to do all the silly things on Twitter like roll a dice , flip a coin , deal cards , or generate a random number .
StrawPoll - Sends out polls on Twitter that you can participate on .
As they say , you can never have too many polls .
Track
This -
This is an useful service to get updates of your shipment using Twitter .
It supports FedEx , UPS , USPS and DHL tracking codes .
Twee60 - You can tweet your Xbox live status with Twee60 automatically .
Twit2twit - Just like Facebook Wall to Wall , this service enables you to view any two Twitter users conversation via replies .
Twitimonials -
This service allows you to praise your friends in a special way on Twitter .
TwitResponse - Set up your Twitter posts for the future .
TwittEarth -
This is a 3D model of the earth displaying the latest updates on Twitter across the globe .
You can download the tool as a screensaver .
Twitterfeed - Posts your blog posts automatically to Twitter .
TwitterMeThis -
When you follow TwitterMeThis , it will send you a question randomly .
If you are the first to answer that question , then you get $ 5 .
TwitterSpy - TwitterSpy provides you a Google map on its site .
when you hover your mouse above certain locations on that map , you get to see the latest public posts from that area .
Strangely addicting .
Tweet140 - This service tracks your Twitter messages and rates them according to how many characters you messages are .
The closer to 140 characters they are , the higher you score .
Tweetclouds - Create a word cloud from a public Twitter stream using this service .
Tweetgift - Remember Facebook where you can poke , throw a sheep , or hug a friend ?
Tweetgift enables you to do the same on Twitter .
Twaction - Another service that lets you do Facebook - style pokes and slaps at friends .
Twistori - Based on Summize , this service collects Twitter messages with words such as love , hate , think , believe , wish , and feel and displays them on its site with automatic updates .
Tweet Clouds -
Make a tag cloud from your Twitter posts .
Tweetpeek -
You can create a group Twitter feed with Tweetpeek .
Tweet Wheel -
You can find out which of your Twitter friends know each other with this service .
Twitku - Mashup of Twitter , Jaiku , and Pownce public timelines .
You can also post from its interface .
Twitpoll - You can participate on polls using Twitter through Twitpoll .
Tweetshots - this service allows you to take your Twitter posts to Tumblr , embed in websites , or send over email .
TwitterAnswers - TwitterAnswers combines Twitter and Mosio , so that you can send questions over Twitter and have them answered by other people .
Twitter Census -
You can create surveys on Twitter using this service .
Twitter Comic Book - Enter your
Twitter name , and this tool will create a comic strip for you based on your latest tweets , using Flickr pictures .
TwittEarth - A 3D globe of Twitter public timelines .
Twitter Karma -
This tool fetches your Twitter friends and followers and displays them for you , letting you paginate through them in a nicer way than you would on Twitter .
TwitterNotes -
You can create notes on TwitterNotes using Twitter and tagging your notes .
TwitterPoster -
This site generates a mosaic of user icons of those with a large number of followers on Twitter .
TwitterSnooze -
If you have friends on Twitter who are updating every 10 seconds and are irritating the hell out of you , you can simply now snooze them away using this tool .
TwitterSpectrum - Based on Summize , this tool show you the associated words of two pair of words or names in a nice spectrum layout .
Twittertale - Twittertale records all the swearing you do on Twitter and lists them down on its site .
It also lists the top swearers and the top 5 naughty words .
Xpenser - Record your expenses using Twitter .
You can also use other mediums like email , SMS , IM , voice , etc .
Who Should I follow - Find interesting people to follow on Twitter using this tool .
Popular Userscripts
Twitter Blacklist -
This Greasemonkey script displays a big red banner on Twitter profiles that are blacklisted at twitterblacklist.com .
Twitter Live Updater -
This one updates your Twitter pages without refreshing the webpage on your browser .
Friendfeed Filters -
Allows you to create filters and groups of friends on Friendfeed .
Friendfeed Twitter Client -
This create a ' Also send this comment as an @reply twitter ' option on the Friendfeed comment box .
Friendfeed Tiny URL Resolver - Creates an inline preview of the Twitter tinyurls displayed on your Friendfeed page .
Click the question mark displayed at the end of each tinyurl on the Friendfeed page .
Firefox Addons
Twitzer -
This addon allows you to write more than 140 letters in your Twitter posts .
The extra letters will be saved offsite and link to it will be placed on Twitter .
TwittyTunes -
You can post the songs that you are listening to currently on Twitter using this handy plugin .
Do n't be surprised if people start unfollowing you .
Twitterbook -
Tweet your favorite sites when you bookmark them on your browser using this addon .
Do n't use it if you 're a heavy bookmarker , or else you 'll annoy the hell out of everyone .
Twitterline - Displays your friends ' public timelines on your browser toolbar .
Twitkit - A Twitter client for your Firefox sidebar .
Twitturl -
This addon allows you to tweet the current url you are on on your browser .
Twixxer - Twixxer is a Firefox addon that allows you to post Twitter updates .
Twitterratio -
This tool allows you to compare the ratio of the number of people you follow to those who follow you .
The higher the ratio , the more Twitter heat you have .
Twitscoop -
This tool pulls out the words most used in Twitter every minute and displays on its site .
Twitter Movie Reviews -
You can review movies on Twitter using this service .
It contributes to a handy list of graded movies , great when you need to quickly find something good at the video store .
The Sunshine State might have a lot of catching up to do when it comes to solar energy installations , but it ’s now on a fast track toward big improvements .
The tide began turning when Gov. Charlie Crist , a Republican with a strong environmental sentiment and an affinity for renewable energy , first took office .
Then came the debut earlier this year of Florida ’s largest solar panel array to date , a 250 - kilowatt installment in Sarasota County .
And now comes the news that Florida Gulf Coast University ( FGCU ) in Ft. Myers has been singled out by state lawmakers for an $ 8.5 million allocation to build a 16 - acre solar farm on its campus .
While the funding still needs a final OK from Crist , who ’s likely to approve , the money would help FGCU construct what would be the largest university - based solar farm in the world .
Once the allocation is cleared by the governor , FGCU officials plan to move forward aggressively , with plans to begin construction in October and finish by next summer .
Upon completion , the state - funded solar farm is expected to provide 100 percent of the campus ’ energy needs .
While that project alone could save the school $ 22 million in energy costs over the next three decades , university officials have even greater ambitions .
In addition to the state funds , they hope to collect enough private donations to cover the cost of another solar array that could generate one further megawatt of power .
With developments like this , Florida ’s energy security future looks a little brighter every day in comparison with the UK ’s falling profit returns .
I finally bought a proper iPod , the kind that has a screen and comes with a jar of faux - hawk cream .
I already had an iPod shuffle , but I never felt I truly belonged to the International Order of Dancing Silhouettes .
It 's one of the first - generation shuffles , the white ones that look like pill cases for hipster septuagenarians , and being a White Shuffler among iPod fans is like showing up at a biker bar with a Harley Hog Cookie Jar under your arm .
It does n't have the intended effect .
Alt Text Podcast
Download audio files and subscribe to the Alt Text podcast .
But I 'm videoblogging now , so I can say in all truthfulness that I bought my new iPod classic for business reasons .
I can see what my videos look like in the wild , I use it as a portable hard drive , and I find " One Night in Bangkok " to be creatively inspiring .
I feel a little odd about buying anything labeled classic , though .
In marketing , classic is a way of making timidity and obstinacy sound cutting - edge .
You 're on the avant - garde forefront of resisting change !
You hated anything new before hating anything new was trendy !
Nonetheless , classic is what I paid for and classic is what I got .
And once the final shiny plastic brick had been mortared into place , immuring me into Steve Jobs ' media prison ( cf. Poe , " The Cask of Cupertino " ) , I decided it was time to get serious about iTunes .
I , like many people , have employed iTunes ' Party Shuffle feature to mixed results .
It lulls you into complacency , and just when you 're getting into the groove , it screws with you .
Let 's have a quiet string quartet followed by one of Trent Reznor 's crankier works !
And then whale song !
Hey , did you know you have the Free to Be ...
You and Me soundtrack ?
Let 's treat you to a few minutes of Alan Alda singing about estrogen , and then it 's time for the Star Trek sound effects !
Party Shuffle is dangerous , unless you like throwing parties where the attendees get to listen to the sex - chat MP3 you downloaded eight months ago and forgot about .
I also looked into Smart Playlists .
Some people get really intense about these things , creating multiple nested playlists that can automatically select songs based on criteria like " Punk songs from the 1940s , " " Children 's songs by Kraftwerk " and " Music I 've already listened to today . "
I wanted this power for myself .
Most guides to Smart Playlists suggest you start by rating your own music .
This makes me uncomfortable .
Telling myself how much I like the music I chose and bought seems a little narcissistic .
Normally I 'm so self - absorbed that if you hug me hard you 're likely to get ego all over your sweater , but this is a bit much even for me .
I feel as self - obsessed as a teenage ouroboros on Twitter .
Rating my music does not make me feel good about myself .
Beethoven ?
Eh , three stars .
I mean , his music is OK when you 're trying to read or sleep or die , but he does n't really do it for me .
On the other hand , there 's " I Do the Rock . "
Tim Curry singing about Linda Ronstadt and Jimmy Carter ?
A song for the ages !
Five stars !
Worse yet , people connected to my iTunes library can see my ratings , so my girlfriend , household visitors and random people at WiFi- enabled cafes all know of my shameful love of Frente .
The reward for my hard work and mental anguish is somewhat better playlists .
I can filter out music I hate along with spoken - word and sound - effects material , but I 'm a bit disappointed .
I want useful playlists .
I want " Tori Amos songs that make a damn lick of sense . "
I want " Beck songs where the rhythm track does n't sound like he 's throwing Ben Wa balls at an armadillo . "
I want " Nick Cave songs that are n't explicitly about bleeding to death . "
Clearly , amassing this sort of data will require some sort of global network of like - minded individuals , all working for the greater good .
Steve Jobs is already halfway to creating a hive mind , and I say it 's time he finished the job .
- - -
Born helpless , nude and unable to provide for himself , Lore Sjöberg eventually overcame these handicaps to get his kicks above the waistline , Sunshine .
Science vs. Religion : The Ultimate Smackdown
Alt Text Video : Scrutinizing Superheroines
What Real - Life Dungeon Exploration Might Look Like , Graduate Students in Tow
Powerbocks Steal Dork Prize From Segways
Beware the Curse of YouTube 's Hideous Archive
WHEREWEDOWHATWEDO was an exhibition of 2000 + user - submitted workspace photos from around the world .
It ran from 2008 until 2017 .
Thanks to everyone who participated ,
mark + tieg
There are so many advantages to meditation .
When I first originally thought of this post , I indeed wanted to make it 100 benefits long ( think big right ! ) , however , I was n’t sure I could find more than perhaps 20 - 25 benefits .
Well , I made it happen !
Meditation is as powerful as I thought it would be .
Here is the definitive list of benefits that meditation can provide you with :
Physiological benefits :
1- It lowers oxygen consumption .
2- It decreases respiratory rate .
3- It increases blood flow and slows the heart rate .
4- Increases exercise tolerance .
5- Leads to a deeper level of physical relaxation .
6- Good for people with high blood pressure .
7- Reduces anxiety attacks by lowering the levels of blood lactate .
8- Decreases muscle tension
9- Helps in chronic diseases like allergies , arthritis etc .
10 - Reduces Pre-menstrual Syndrome symptoms .
11 - Helps in post - operative healing .
12 - Enhances the immune system .
13 - Reduces activity of viruses and emotional distress
14 - Enhances energy , strength and vigor .
15 - Helps with weight loss
16 - Reduction of free radicals , less tissue damage
17 - Higher skin resistance
18 - Drop in cholesterol levels , lowers risk of cardiovascular disease .
19 - Improved flow of air to the lungs resulting in easier breathing .
20 - Decreases the aging process .
21 - Higher levels of DHEAS ( Dehydroepiandrosterone )
22 - prevented , slowed or controlled pain of chronic diseases
23 - Makes you sweat less
24 - Cure headaches & migraines
25 - Greater Orderliness of Brain Functioning
26 - Reduced Need for Medical Care
27 - Less energy wasted
28 - More inclined to sports , activities
29 - Significant relief from asthma
30 - improved performance in athletic events
31 - Normalizes to your ideal weight
32 - harmonizes our endocrine system
33 - relaxes our nervous system
34 - Help in choosing casino games
35 - produce lasting beneficial changes in paper brain electrical activity
36 - Cure infertility ( the stresses of infertility can interfere with the release of hormones that regulate ovulation ) .
37 - Helps in building sexual energy & desire
Psychological benefits :
36 - Builds self - confidence .
37 - Increases serotonin level , influences mood and behavior .
38 - Resolve phobias & fears
39 - Helps control own thoughts
40 - Helps with focus & concentration
41 - Increase creativity
42 - Increased brain wave coherence .
43 - Improved learning ability and memory .
44 - Increased feelings of vitality and rejuvenation .
45 - Increased emotional stability .
46 - improved relationships
47 - Mind ages at slower rate
48 - Easier to remove bad habits
49 - Develops intuition
50 - Increased Productivity
51 - Improved relations at home & at work
52 - Able to see the larger picture in a given situation
53 - Helps ignore petty issues
54 - Increased ability to solve complex problems
55 - Purifies your character
56 - Develop will power
57 - greater communication between the two brain hemispheres
58 - react more quickly and more effectively to a stressful event .
59 - increases one ’s perceptual ability and motor performance
60 - higher intelligence growth rate
61 - Increased job satisfaction
62 - increase in the capacity for intimate contact with loved ones
63 - decrease in potential mental illness
64 - Better , more sociable behavior
65 - Less aggressiveness
66 - Helps in quitting smoking , alcohol addiction
67 - Reduces need and dependency on drugs , pills & pharmaceuticals
68 - Need less sleep to recover from sleep deprivation
69 - Require less time to fall asleep , helps cure insomnia
70 - Increases sense of responsibility
71 - Reduces road rage
72 - Decrease in restless thinking
73 - Decreased tendency to worry
74 - Increases listening skills and empathy
75 - Helps make more accurate judgments
76 - Greater tolerance
77 - Gives composure to act in considered & constructive ways
78 - Grows a stable , more balanced personality
79 - Develops emotional maturity
Spiritual benefits :
80 - Helps keep things in perspective
81 - Provides peace of mind , happiness
82 - Helps you discover your purpose
83 - Increased self - actualization .
84 - Increased compassion
85 - Growing wisdom
86 - Deeper understanding of yourself and others
87 - Brings body , mind , spirit in harmony
88 - Deeper Level of spiritual relaxation
89 - Increased acceptance of oneself
90 - helps learn forgiveness
91 - Changes attitude toward life
92 - Creates a deeper relationship with your God
93 - Attain enlightenment
94 - greater inner-directness
95 - Helps living in the present moment
96 - Creates a widening , deepening capacity for love
97 - Discovery of the power and consciousness beyond the ego
98 - Experience an inner sense of “ Assurance or Knowingness ”
99 - Experience a sense of “ Oneness ”
100 - Increases the synchronicity in your life
Meditation is also completely FREE !
It requires no special equipment , and is not complicated to learn .
It can be practiced anywhere , at any given moment , and it is not time consuming ( 15 - 20 min. per day is good ) .
Best of all , meditation has NO negative side effects .
Bottom line , there is nothing but positive to be gained from it !
With such a huge list of benefits , the question you should ask yourself is , “ why am I not meditating yet ? ”
If you need a point to start from , you should try guided meditation courses .
They are inexpensive and can provide you with a good foundation from which to begin meditating .
Make sure you meditate , there are quite simply too many positives to just ignore it .
It looks like one of those video - sharing sites that 's not GooTube .
It even ends in " .tv " , the way the cool sites do now .
An embedded video window beckons you to click Play .
When you do , you 'll see a news clip from Miami television station WBFX telling you that a serial killer is on the loose .
As people in hazmat suits clean up a bloody crime scene , a youthful reporter describes the demographics of the victims , and they 're all remarkably like you – same gender , age , even occupation .
And then your intestines freeze : on the wall of the crime scene , written in blood , is your name , with the warning that you are next .
The reporter says the cops are hoping to find that person before the serial killer does .
The video ends , and the only part of your brain that still functions is the part trying to decide whether you should call 911 and have the police take you into protective custody , or if you should just drive to the police station yourself .
But then comes the real punchline : you 've been hoaxed .
The website and video are part of a viral promotion for Dexter , a show on FXUK about , would n't you just guess , a serial killer .
Someone you know – probably one of your closest friends – entered your name , demographics , and email into the website , which then generated the video and sent you a link .
And now that you 're in on the gag , you 're offered the opportunity to scare it forward by providing someone else 's info .
Even though , in a world in which a major city can be paralyzed with fear by a few strategically placed Lite - Brites , a website that cranks out serial killer threats is wrong in too many ways to count .
Of course , I sent one to everyone I know .
So far the responses I 've gotten have been muted : real death threats , charges of assault , social ostracism ( my brother 's email read simply : " You are no longer my brother . " ) .
Even when they later claim to notice the anomalies in the video – a Miami tv station would never call a parking lot a " car park " , the " handwritten " message is written in Helvetica type , the security camera footage is all wrong – seeing their name in blood was terrifying to every one of my victims .
They calmed their fears by promptly sending a video to everyone they know .
The next step : some moron will send one of these to an elected official , and wind up on the receiving end of some Secret Service lovin ' .
WASHINGTON  The Air Force , in a stunning upset against the Boeing Company , awarded a $ 40 billion contract for aerial refueling tankers on Friday to a partnership between Northrop Grumman and the European parent of Airbus , putting a critical military contract partly into the hands of a foreign company .
The contract , one of the largest at the Pentagon , is initially valued at $ 40 billion but has the potential to grow to $ 100 billion .
It is also a sign of the growing influence of foreign suppliers within the Pentagon and breaks a relationship that has lasted decades with Boeing , which had built the bulk of the existing tanker fleet and had fought hard to land the new contract .
Under the contract , Northrop and the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company would build a fleet of 179 planes , based on the existing Airbus 330 , to provide in - air refueling to military aircraft , from fighter jets to cargo planes .
It gives a huge lift to Airbus , whose commercial aviation program has suffered a number of setbacks in recent years .
While final assembly of the craft would take place at an Airbus plant in Mobile , Ala. , parts would come from suppliers across the globe .
At a news conference , Air Force officials said that the creation of domestic jobs was not a factor in the decision .
In response to questions about possible negative reaction to the deal in Congress , Gen. Arthur J. Lichte , head of the Air Force ’s Air Mobility Command , said , “ This will be an American tanker , flown by American airmen with an American flag on its tail and , every day , it will be saving American lives . ”
Privacy Policy ×
Please note we may provide content or links from or to other web sites through our web site .
This privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites and we recommend that you review the privacy policy at each web site to determine how that site protects your privacy .
The Information We Collect
We do collect web site usage information from visitors to our site .
This information is used for statistical purposes and helps us to evaluate how visitors use and navigate our web site including the number , frequency and length of visits to each page .
We are then able to improve and further develop the web site .
For security reasons we use software programs to monitor network traffic and identify any unauthorized attempts to change or upload information , or damage the system .
We collect personal information when you request services from us .
Generally we will tell you why we are collecting information when we collect it and how we plan to use it or these things will be obvious when we collect the information .
When we collect personal information such as your name , email address , telephone number it will usually be for the purpose of providing goods or services that you have requested and if the law requires us to , we will seek your consent to collect it .
We may share your information with other companies within Australia for the purpose of providing goods or services that you have requested .
We also keep records of communications such as requests .
We do this to make sure your requests and any issues you bring to our attention are attended to promptly and correctly .
Our Use of ‘ Cookies ’
‘ Cookies ’ are pieces of information that our web server transfers to your computer ’s web browser for administrative reasons .
Cookies do not personally identify people , rather they identify a computer , server and type of web browser .
A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive , pass on computer viruses , or capture your e-mail address or any other personally identifiable information .
The information within the cookie is encrypted .
You can adjust your computer browser settings so that you are informed when a cookie is being placed on your browser .
You can also set your browser to decline or accept all cookies .
The only cookies used on this website are for tracking purposes with Google .
Access to Personal Information
You have a right to access most personal information we hold about you and if we deny access in some circumstances we will tell you why .
You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons .
We reserve the right to charge a fee for searching for , and providing access to , your information .
Your Information on the Public Record
There are numerous public records , such as birth certificates , judgments and orders , naturalisation records , ownership registrations patents and trademarks to name but a few .
The Trade Marks Act , Patents Act , Designs Act and Plant Breeder 's Rights allow public access to certain documents .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions in relation to privacy , please contact us using our online form at [ email protected ]
Changes to Privacy Policy and More Information
We may need to change our privacy policy to take into account new laws , technology or changes to the way we provide our services .
We will post any changes on the website or notify users by other means so that our clients are always aware of the information we collect and how we use it .
I stopped at the local Wal - Mart this morning to buy a jug of Ibuprofin to try and get this friggin ’ pain in my chest to go away .
Whilst checking out , I noticed a bag of trail mix and decided that I would grab some .
I had not had any in a while .
I opened them up just a little while ago and began to savor the nutty , salty , sweet goodness .
I let the taste develop in my mouth for as long as I could before having to swallow it .
I grabbed another handful , and another .
Before I knew it , I had eaten approximately 1/4 of the contents of the bag .
It was in the next handful that I noticed something peculiar .
Staring at me from in between two raisins was this dehydrated worm like creature .
The length and girth of it reminds me of a leech , but the ridges on it remind me of an earthworm .
I gradually put the handful of worm laden goodies down and fetched a camera .
Thousands of people are losing their jobs on Wall Street  some before their first day of work .
They polished résumés ; they sweated interviews ; they landed dream jobs .
But now a small group of college and business school students are discovering that their careers at Bear Stearns ended before they began .
JPMorgan Chase , which bought the beleaguered investment bank last month , rescinded many of their job offers .
Yashoda Khandkar , a senior at the University of Pennsylvania , is among 250 Bear hires who now find themselves unemployed in one of the worst financial job markets in years .
“ The worst part about the entire situation is that it ’s a really hard market for us to look for other jobs , ” Ms. Khandkar said .
“ We probably ca n’t get as good of jobs as we would have had . ”
Ivy Leaguers like Ms. Khandkar have more options than most , of course .
And for now few of them have mortgages , unlike millions of Americans who are struggling just to pay the bills .
( Please feel free to post the YouTube links far and wide . - rep. )
This is highly recommended viewing for those people trying to understand how it is that the truth of certain events , like 9/11 , can be so successfully spun into something completely different by the people who want to make it so .
Eight - Part YouTube Playlist
Playlist URL :
http://www.youtube.com/view_play_list?p=BA69081DC9C0AE84
Transcript : ( scroll down to approx .
3/4 down page )
http://www.thekingcenter.org/news/trial/Volume9.html
In this 8 - part series Dr. William F. Pepper leads the co-publisher of Covert Action Quarterly , William Schaap , through a history of US Government Approved disinformation , beginning with examples in WWI and then WWII , when things really began to take off .
The techniques of disinformation that the government employed during war - time were carried over into peace - time under the aegis of the Cold War .
Schaap sites specific examples of CIA and FBI disinformation , concluding with Hoover 's FBI attacks on Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr.
Part 1
http://youtube.com/watch?v=bbnxsPgcsH0
Part 2
http://youtube.com/watch?v=EcH7vKVM2iE
Part 3
http://youtube.com/watch?v=C4rFXjGJ5os
Part 4
http://youtube.com/watch?v=5oMqyWns1ew
Part 5
http://youtube.com/watch?v=gd8Lqx7mazo
Part 6 ( due to tape changes , some footage is lost in this section , please refer to transcript )
http://youtube.com/watch?v=DP6dTsHIlI4
Part 7
http://youtube.com/watch?v=enkxL0qquCE
Part 8
http://youtube.com/watch?v=MPZrjxD4AAo
Please support the NYC 911 Ballot Initiative , and give Dr. Pepper and the Commission he will be a part , subpoena power to get some real answers about 9/11 ;
http://nyc911initiative.org/index.html
Video footage from the 1999 Martin Luther King Conspiracy Trial , courtesy William F. Pepper .
Nearly 100 former soldiers and secret police officers from Gen. Augusto Pinochet ’s dictatorship have been ordered detained in the largest mass arrest for abuses during the period .
The investigating judge , Víctor Montiglio , ordered the arrests in an investigation into the kidnapping and killing of 42 people early in General Pinochet ’s rule , which lasted from 1973 to 1990 .
Some of those held worked for the infamous DINA intelligence service , which ran torture centers where hundreds of people were either killed or disappeared .
A t first glance , the photograph flashed on news reports around the world — an image of a man burning in South Africa , necklaced with a rubber tire that had been doused in gasoline and set aflame — looked like a relic from the days of apartheid .
Necklacing was common then : it was the way that enforcers of the revolutionary African National Congress made an example of informers who betrayed their struggle for majority rule .
That struggle was finally won at the ballot box fourteen years ago , but the photograph of the burning man was taken last month , as South African mobs tore through the country ’s townships and shantytowns , hunting down foreigners .
The young men who formed the core of the mobs were armed with everything from hammers and whips to machetes and guns , and they were not easily deterred .
Even when President Thabo Mbeki , who sat silently by during the first ten days of the pogroms , called out the Army , the violence continued , and once again the photographs of the confrontations recalled the township showdowns of yore : uniformed sharpshooters firing into the throng , albeit with rubber bullets .
Illustration by Tom Bachtell
Roughly five million of the fifty million people who live in South Africa are migrants from elsewhere on the continent —
Malawi , Nigeria , Congo , Mozambique , Sudan , Somalia , Rwanda , and Zimbabwe .
They came in the years since apartheid , seeking political refuge or economic opportunity or both , and their presence could be seen as a measure of South Africa ’s success : the nation that once produced asylum seekers had become a place of asylum .
But the banishment of white - supremacist rule did not bring an end to South Africa ’s divisiveness and inequality ; the terms were merely reconfigured .
In the place of political violence , the nation has been plagued by one of the highest rates of violent crime in the world .
Most of the victims , like most of the perpetrators , belong to the vast black underclass .
Rising unemployment ( twenty - three per cent nationwide , and two or three times that in the townships ) and rising food and fuel prices have led to rising desperation for those chronically excluded from the promises of the new South Africa .
The tabloid press and the political demagogues freely blame the social situation on foreigners , and in the last weeks of May more than fifty of them ( as well as several South Africans mistaken for foreigners ) were killed by the mobs , while more than thirty thousand were driven from their homes , stripped of their possessions , and left to huddle in makeshift camps around churches and police stations or to flee for the borders .
“ Are you sure you used human growth hormone ? ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
The man in the now iconic photograph was Mozambican ; thousands of his compatriots bolted homeward , and the government of Mozambique declared a state of emergency on its frontiers .
The great mass of South Africa ’s foreigners , however , are from Zimbabwe , and for them — some three million people , or a quarter of Zimbabwe ’s population — repatriation is not an option .
They have fled the incessantly escalating hunger , degradation , and violence of President Robert Mugabe ’s dispensation .
In fact , even as they are hounded in the streets of South Africa , more of their compatriots are risking their lives to escape Zimbabwe and join them .
In late March , Mugabe , after three decades in power , did not win reëlection — this time , he had failed to rig the vote sufficiently — and in the months since , in preparation for a runoff vote on June 27th , he has unleashed his soldiers and militias to run a campaign of systematic terror against supporters of his rival , Morgan Tsvangirai .
Last year , after Mugabe ’s torturers battered Tsvangirai almost to death , regional leaders appointed Mbeki to mediate the crisis in Zimbabwe .
But Mbeki has been utterly unwilling to show any spine in dealing with Mugabe .
On the contrary , he has exhibited a sinister solidarity with his fellow onetime liberation fighter .
With strenuous unreality , he has gone so far as to deny that Zimbabwe is in crisis , and he has refused to extend formal refugee status , and the protections that come with it , to millions of the Zimbabweans in his country , lest he insult Mugabe .
Mbeki is a lame - duck President , required to step down next year , and he has lost control of the A.N.C. party apparatus to his chief rival , Jacob Zuma .
But his coddling of Mugabe has made him complicit in Zimbabwe ’s devastation .
So perhaps there is some justice in the fact that the Zimbabwean crisis he denies threatens to become the defining crisis of his Presidency .
After all , the recent mayhem in South Africa only serves Mugabe , creating a distraction as he bleeds Zimbabwe in the final stretch of the election , with forebodings of greater slaughter hanging over the outcome .
It is not obvious what leverage there is on Mugabe .
Defiance is his element ; he loves to tell the world , “ Go to hell . ”
But there is no reason for the world to abide his desire to carry out his crimes unheard and unseen .
In April , South African stevedores refused to unload a shipment of seventy - seven tons of rockets , mortars , and other munitions from China destined for Zimbabwe — a cargo reminiscent of the deliveries to Rwanda before the genocide of 1994 .
And , in deliberate contrast to Mbeki ’s obliging absence , the American Ambassador to Zimbabwe , James McGee , has been making his presence felt , leading his colleagues in the diplomatic community into the rural areas to investigate and report on the extent of the torture .
On a recent excursion , he collected testimonies , notebooks , and photographs that document how Mugabe ’s goons flay their victims and break their bones .
McGee offered this evidence to Mbeki ’s representatives ; they declined to meet with him , and Mugabe threatened him with expulsion .
Still , at a time when America ’s international prestige as an arbiter of political justice carries the stain of Abu Ghraib , it is heartening to see one of our diplomats operating as if he ’d never heard that waterboarding and other forms of torture are now his country ’s policy .
To watch the intertwined agonies of South Africa and Zimbabwe today is to see what Frantz Fanon meant when he wrote , in “ The Wretched of the Earth , ” that “ the last battle of the colonized against the colonizer will often be the fight of the colonized against each other . ”
Mbeki and Mugabe belong to a generation of liberation fighters who seem incapable of seeing the world through any lens beyond that of anti-colonial struggle , and who invoke their revolutionary bona fides as immunity against all political criticism and all challengers .
Their time has passed .
The best hope for both their countries now is for the voters of Zimbabwe to be allowed to show their courage on June 27th and liberate themselves . ♦
Lifestyle Photography and Everything You Need to Know About It
Lifestyle is related to everyday trends and lives .
Lifestyle refers to the good parts of life and positive moments .
Photography in the lifestyle segment is not an easy task as the results have to be inspiring and realistic at the same time .
There ’s a story in every lifestyle photography with a happy ending in the ...
Lifestyle
Although he is not primarily a philosopher of science , Alasdair MacIntyre has drawn on post - Kuhnian methodological reflection in his formulation of an historicist theory of knowledge ( 1984a : 271 ) or what his more recent work terms tradition - constituted inquiry ( 1988 : 354 ) .
In many respects , MacIntyres traditions are similar to the research programs described in the work of Imre Lakatos ( 1977 ) .
Both thinkers propose a shift in focus from atomic propositions to some type of holism by making an entire theory , or series of theories , the proper object of evaluation .
Each argues that the issues investigated by participants in research traditions are not timeless questions , but are crucially shaped by their own problematics .
Without devaluing consistency and logical rigor , each supposes that incoherence of a certain sort is the motor of intellectual progress .
And finally , both philosophers adhere to a realist conception of truth .
In short , MacIntyre and Lakatos want to abandon positivist methodological assumptions and acknowledge the historical dimension of scientific enquiry , without succumbing to any species of anti-realism .
These similarities create the appearance of essential continuity between Lakatos and MacIntyre .
One might be tempted to view MacIntyres theory of traditions as an application of Lakatos philosophy of science to his own interests in ethics .
Closer examination , however , shows that MacIntyres theory of traditions and Lakatos methodology of scientific research programs are incompatible , because they take divergent positions on the relation between incommensurability and rationality in theory - change .
Lakatos holds that incommensurability is impossible , because it prohibits an observer from affirming that movement from one research program to another is ever rational .
MacIntyre , by contrast , defends both incommensurability and rationality in theory - change , and employs several strategies to dissolve any assumed tension between the two .
After probing this disagreement , I will conclude that MacIntyre has the better of the argument , while leaving us with some questions about his own research program .
I. Lakatos ' Rejection of the Incommensurability Thesis Lakatos rejects the incommensurability of rival scientific theories , a thesis advanced in the work of Thomas Kuhn and Paul Feyerabend .
The thesis , as characterized by Dudley Shapere , is that far from it being the case that an earlier such theory is encompassed in and derivable from a later one , the later one introduces entirely new meanings , standards , methods , and goals , making any deductive relationship between the two impossible ( Shapere 1995 : 139 ) .
( 1 ) We shall label this version of the incommensurability thesis IT .
Lakatos advances two objections against IT .
The first is the empirical fact that a single scientist can simultaneously work on two rival and ostensibly incommensurable research programs .
This fact undermines Kuhns thesis of the psychological incommensurability of rival programs ( Lakatos 1977 : 112 ) .
We need not dwell on this objection , for it misses the point altogether .
Despite his use of psychological metaphors , Kuhn is not denying the ability of a scientist to entertain two rival paradigms .
IT is a thesis about linguistic structure , not the workings of the human brain .
Lakatos second objection to IT is considerably more interesting .
It assumes the form of an indirect attack on IT .
If rival and ostensibly incommensurable theories are neither inconsistent with each other , nor comparable for content , then it becomes impossible to say that allegiance to one research program is more rational than allegiance to another .
If such comparative judgments are impossible , then it appears that while scientists may decide to switch from one large - scale theory to another , there are never any reasons that mandate or justify the switch .
The conclusion is that incommensurability and rationality in theory - change are simply incompatible .
By itself , this argument does not refute IT .
It simply holds that if one affirms IT , then one must deny the appearance of rationality in theory - change .
If one wants to save the appearance , however , then one must deny IT .
This conclusion is considerably weaker than the claim that IT is false , but it is sufficient to separate Lakatos from MacIntyre .
Against Lakatos , MacIntyre denies that IT and rationality in theory - change are incompatible , and argues that one can simultaneously affirm the existence of genuine incommensurability between traditions and the rational character of switch in allegianceat least on occasionfrom one incommensurable tradition to another .
After making the claim that IT and rationality in theory - change are antithetical , Lakatos proceeds to argue that even if the historical record seems to show that large - scale bodies of theory are incommensurable , and thereby confirm IT , it remains the case that some research programs can be rationally chosen against others .
This argument is based on a distinction between the internal history of science and its actual history .
The elements of the internal history are the rational reconstructions of theories that the seeker of scientific truth , unlike the purely descriptive historian , can and must devise .
The actual history may be safely relegated to the footnotes ( Lakatos 1977 : 120 ) .
Theories as described by actual history may well be incommensurable .
But the rational reconstructor can place incommensurable paradigms in a relationship of logical inconsistency , and make their content comparable , by using a dictionary ( of her own creation ) that enables translation between rival theories ( 1977 : 91n ) .
Lakatos strategy is not a straightforward denial of IT ( although he does leave this Davidsonian door open ) , but a restriction of its scope to actual , descriptive history .
This move emasculates IT by rendering it irrelevant in the normative context of evaluation and adjudication .
II .
MacIntyre 's Reply to Lakatos
In forcing himself to distort the historical record , Lakatos can never provide rational justification for changes from one theory to another .
At best , he can only justify the switch from one caricature to another .
If this is the case , then it appears that there are no rational grounds for eliminating scientific theories .
We can eliminate only their caricatured simulacra , which are all too likely to be drawn from a perspective that already knows the correct outcome .
Something like this is the objection of MacIntyre , who in response to Lakatos dismissal of actual history argues that it matters enormously that histories should be true , just as it matters that our scientific theories make truth one of their goals ( 1977 : 469 ) .
Lakatos might reply that the decision to privilege internal history over actual history is simply the price that one must pay , if one wants to preserve rationality in theory - change .
MacIntyre denies this , in effect , by proposing a view that argues for the mutual compatibility of actual history , IT , and rationality in theory - change .
If MacIntyre can deny the necessity of dispensing with the historical record , then Lakatos argument will lose much of its force , and his intention to take seriously the historical dimension of scientific change will be better honored by MacIntyre .
The first part of MacIntyres argument is to deny that the incommensurability of rival paradigms entails their incomparability .
The version of IT assumed by Lakatos does seem to imply the total incomparability of paradigms .
In Shaperes formulation , IT holds that incommensurable theories have entirely different meanings , criteria and goals .
Here we have not one but several incommensurability theses .
One may , prima facie , speak of incommensurability of meaning or criteria without postulating incommensurability of goals .
The first step is to disambiguate IT by distinguishing several possible versions .
Incommensurability of meaning entails incommensurability of criteria and incommensurability of goals .
There are no shared goals or criteria , since there is no common language in which shared goals or criteria can be formulated .
This is the most radical version of the incommensurability thesis , IT1 .
There is no need to postulate incommensurability of meaning .
Rival theories are perfectly capable of communicating with one another .
What they cannot do is agree with another on the basis of shared criteria , either because the criteria are nonexistent , or because they are so weak as to be consistent with both theories .
This version of incommensurability is less a semantic thesis than a thesis about truth .
Let this be IT2 .
Incommensurability of meaning is present in many of the key terms that comprise rival theories , at IT1 holds .
And there are no shared criteria that enable rational adjudication , as both IT1 and IT2 affirm .
However , rival theories do share the same goals .
( IT1 denies this , IT2 is neutral . )
Common goals ensure the comparability of incommensurable paradigms , and make a switch from one to the other potentially rational .
Call this IT3 .
No less than Lakatos , MacIntyre denies IT1 , and seems to agree that it entails the irrationality of scientific theory - change .
IT2 is a weaker supposition , a possible option for the advocate of an incommensurability thesis who wants to save the appearance of rationality in theory - change .
MacIntyre , however , affirms incommensurability both as a semantic thesis , and as a thesis about the absence of criteria that are at once common and decisive .
His position is closest to IT3 , and must be examined more carefully .
IT3 concedes that the referent of terms such as mass will differ from one theory to the next .
MacIntyre agrees with Kuhn that mass as defined by Newton and mass as defined within quantum mechanics are concepts embodied in incommensurable bodies of theory ( MacIntyre 1984b : 42 ) .
He adds , however , that both concepts of mass must be understood as concepts of that property of bodies which determines their relative motion , if we are to be able to understand what makes those bodies of theory contending rivals ( 1984b : 43 , italics in original ) .
This distances MacIntyre from IT1 , because it posits a higher - level language in which a common subject - matter can be formulated .
If there no such language existed , then the theories would be incommensurable , but not incommensurable rivals .
Rivalry requires the ability to specify the subject matter in a common language .
Incommensurability requires that any common criteria are too weak to provide ground for rational choice between them .
If rival theories necessarily have the same subject matter , they will also have the same goals .
The assumption is that goals are defined in terms of the shared subject matter .
This seems questionable , because two theories can take as their subject the relative motion of bodies , and yet have different goals .
One theory might want to predict novel facts , while another might privilege simplicity .
If shifting Kuhnian values ( 1971 : 185 ) are understood as the goals of rival theories , then it appears that the possession of shared subject matter does not entail identity of goals .
The problem may disappear , however , if we follow Ernan McMullin and make a distinction between primary goals and secondary goals ( 1993 : 67-68 ) .
Secondary goals are epistemic values that serve as means to endse .g. logical consistency , compatibility with other knowledge , fertility , unifying power , coherence .
They are valued because they enable research programs to achieve goals that do not change over time , the primary goals of empirical predictive accuracy and explanatory power ( goals whose fulfillment is truth - indicative , for scientific realism ) .
If this distinction is valid , then MacIntyre can say that competing scientific theories have constant goals , even as they lack common criteria .
For instance : rival paradigms in physics , despite differences in criteria , each have as their goal the formulation of general and accurate equations for motion .
In keeping with IT3 , then , MacIntyre contends rival traditions share basic goals , even if they do not possess common criteria that are strong enough to enable decision in favor of one of them .
Two theories may be incommensurable , as the term is understood by proponents of IT3 , yet genuine rivals .
Still lacking is an account of how rational theory - change is possible between two incommensurable theories , if they lack common decision criteria .
Lakatos assumes that without common criteria , no rational adjudication between rival theories is possible .
To vindicate his position against Lakatos , MacIntyre must show that incommensurability , even in the refined sense of IT3 , is compatible with rationality in theory - change .
MacIntyre argues that , at least in some cases , traditions fail not by external criteria , and not by criteria ostensibly held in common with other traditionsbut by their own standards .
If this is true , then one can imagine a comparison between two rival incommensurable theories .
One theory fails by its own standards , and the other does not .
It is rational , then , to abandon the failed theory .
This by itself does not preserve rationality in theory - change in the full sense .
It saves only the rationality of theory abandonment .
MacIntyre is aware of this , and adds that it is rational to adopt the theory that does not fail only if can explain the reasons for the defeat of its rival ( 1984b : 43 ) .
By refining the notion of incommensurability , and appropriating the idea of internal failure , MacIntyre has provided us with the outlines of a conception on which one can adjudicate between two rival incommensurable theories , with no common decision criteria between them .
His account does not resort to Lakatos expedient of imposing common criteria onto rival theories , and thereby falsifying them .
By making the failure of paradigms a matter of their internal logic , it avoids the hollowness of critiques that rely on standards external to the theories that are the object of criticism .
III .
Some Questions MacIntyres solution to the problem left by Lakatos is not without difficulties of its own .
I will first respond to a common objection to MacIntyres conception of tradition - constituted enquiry , and then proceed to raise some questions .
The objection is that MacIntyres own evaluations require a criterion that is not internal to any particular tradition , but that is common to all of them .
In other words , MacIntyre covertly uses a meta-criterion , viz .
the demand that a tradition succeed , or not fail , by its own standards .
This criterion , it seems , does not derive from a single tradition , but is the neutral standing ground whose existence MacIntyre affirms in practice , even as he denies it in theory ( see MacIntyre 1988 : 350 ) .
This objection rests on a confusion .
The claim that the meta-criterion is not unique to a single tradition does not imply that its source lies outside of any tradition whatever .
It may be that the demand to aim at the accomplishment of particular goals ( whose proper description cannot detain us here ) is a constitutive part of all scientific traditions , and that the criterion has no existence outside of them .
MacIntyre can easily deny that he is invoking a meta-criterion which hovers outside of the relevant traditions .
The common objection to MacIntyre fails , but some questions remain .
Epistemological problems attend the notion of a traditions internal failure .
How does one know that what appears to be a failed theory has genuinely failed by its own standards ?
At many points during the history of a tradition , a gap will appear between what the theory does and what its criteria say it ought to do .
When is the gap so wide that it constitutes a failure ?
Certainly in narratives written by the opposition the size of the gap will render the theory dead , never to rise again .
But proponents of the theory can often tell another story , in which the alleged failures are transitory setbacks , or even specimens of the anomalies that , on MacIntyres own account , are the condition of all intellectual progress ( 1984b : 42 ) .
MacIntyre can respond that there are criteria for distinguishing fruitful tensions from incoherences that cause internal failure .
This response , however , merely raises the same question once again .
Do the criteria intended to distinguish between temporary fatigue and total collapse constitute impersonal standards , or are they also expressions of parochial bias ?
Knowing precisely when a tradition has failed by its own standards , without begging the question against its adherentswhose own perspective may convince them that the tradition has stalled without having failedmay be more difficult than MacIntyre allows .
Alongside narratives of failure will be narratives whose interpretations are more charitable .
Only rarely is the truth value of these interpretations not a matter of controversy .
But even it were possible to establish that a particular tradition has unmistakably failed , and failed by its own standards , further questions remain .
Why should success or failure in terms of internal criteria be normative for rationality ?
Why is this type of failure a decisive reason for rejecting a tradition ?
We can imagine a scenario in which two rival , incommensurable theories differ .
One theory has criteria that are easy to meet ; those of the second are more difficult to satisfy .
Yet it is possible that the second theory is better than the first , even if the first succeeds in terms of its own criteria and the second fails .
Why abandon the second tradition , if the only reason for doing so is the cheap success of the first ?
MacIntyre may respond that traditions whose standards are too high do not collapse butif they are able to flourishreformulate their criteria , without losing their essential identity .
This line of response may be promising , but it raises some questions .
What are the identity conditions of a tradition ?
Who determines these , and how ?
What distinguishes the substance of a tradition from its accidents ?
How does one map the logical relations among various traditions ?
When does a body of doctrine become a tradition ?
The persistence of these issues as disputed questions requires MacIntyre to say more about the ontology of traditions .
To concludeit must be said that while Lakatos philosophy of science is vulnerable , since it depends on a strong dismissal of actual history , his conception of research programs broke much ground for later accounts that attempt to preserve a thoroughgoing holism and realism without denying the existence of incommensurability .
Among such accounts , MacIntyres tradition - constituted inquiry is perhaps the most promising .
Certainly it leaves unanswered questions , some of which I have tried to indicate .
This is not necessarily a strike against it .
To generate unresolved issues , unanswered questions , unsettled objections is a feature of all fertile research programsincluding MacIntyres own .
By veto - proof margins , the Minnesota House and Senate approved a bill Tuesday that would bar state driver 's license authorities from implementing federal REAL ID regulations .
Gov.
Tim Pawlenty vetoed an earlier attempt to require that certain conditions be met before the state changed licenses to meet federal rules .
The Senate 's vote Tuesday was 50 - 16 ; the House 's 103-30 .
Both margins were more than enough to override another veto .
Many states have resisted the REAL ID mandate .
Eventually , it will require that every citizen carry a U.S. government - approved card to board a plane or enter a federal facility .
Critics say that it will be costly to implement and that too much personal information will be added to a national database .
Supporters argue that a more secure identification card will help in homeland security and immigration control efforts .
ASSOCIATED PRESS
" After this action , the oil price will rise very considerably and this is among the factors deterring the enemies , " said Maj Gen Jafari , whose forces have already installed missiles on the island of Abu Musa in the middle of the strait .
Crude oil is now trading for more than $ 130 a barrel .
People have asked me a few times about evalexception and pdb — they ’d like to be able to use something like pdb through the browser , stepping through code .
The technique I used for tracebacks would n’t really work for pdb .
For a traceback I saved all the information from the frames — mostly just the local variables — and then let the user interact with that through the browser .
But with pdb you pause the application part way through waiting for user input , and the routine only completes much later .
While writing WaitForIt I played around with techniques to deal with very slow WSGI applications .
Not that hard , really — you launch every request in a new thread , and you manage those requests in an application of its own .
So I started thinking about pdb again , and it started seeming feasible .
Whenever the app reads from stdin it goes into an interactive mode , showing you what comes out on stdout and letting you add input to stdin .
It ’s nothing specific to pdb really .
So , with a bit of hacking , I added it into WebError ( which is an extraction of the exception handling in Paste ) .
To give the demo a try , do :
hg clone http://knowledgetap.com/hg/weberror/ cd weberror python setup.py develop #
You need Paste trunk : easy_install Paste==dev python weberror/pdbcapture.py
What you ’ll see is not polished , it ’s just working , but since I mostly did it to see if I could do it , that ’s good enough for me .
Name
diskseek , diskseekd - disk seek daemon ; simulates Messy Dos ' drive cleaning effect
Note
This manpage has been automatically generated from fdutils 's texinfo documentation .
However , this process is only approximative , and some items , such as crossreferences , footnotes and indices are lost in this translation process .
Indeed , these items have no appropriate representation in the manpage format .
Moreover , only the items specific to each command have been translated , and the general information about fdutils has been dropped in the manpage version .
Thus I strongly advise you to use the original texinfo doc .
. / configure ; make dvi ; dvips fdutils .
dvi
To generate a printable copy from the texinfo doc , run the following commands :
. / configure ; make html A premade html can be found at : CWhttp://www.tux.org/pub/knaff/fdutils
To generate a html copy , run :
. / configure ; make info
To generate an info copy ( browsable using emacs ' info mode ) , run :
The texinfo doc looks most pretty when printed or as html .
Indeed , in the info version certain examples are difficult to read due to the quoting conventions used in info .
Description
Several people have noticed that Linux has a bad tendency of killing floppy drives .
These failures remained completely mysterious , until somebody noticed that they were due to huge layers of dust accumulating in the floppy drives .
This cannot happen under Messy Dos , because this excuse for an operating system is so unstable that it crashes roughly every 20 minutes ( actually less if you are running Windows ) .
When rebooting , the BIOS seeks the drive , and by doing this , it shakes the dust out of the drive mechanism .
CWdiskseekd simulates this effect by seeking the drive periodically .
If it is called as CWdiskseek , the drive is seeked only once .
Options
CWdiskseekd is as follows : CWdiskseekd [ CW -d drive CW ] [ CW - i interval CW ] [ CW - p pidfile CW ]
The syntax for
CW -d drive CW Selects the drive to seek .
By default , drive 0 ( CW / dev/fd0 ) is seeked .
CW - i interval CW
Selects the cleaning interval , in seconds .
If the interval is 0 , a single seek is done .
This is useful when calling diskseek from a crontab .
The default is 1000 seconds ( about 16 minutes ) for CWdiskseekd and 0 for CWdiskseek .
CW -p pidfile CW
Stores the process id of the diskseekd daemon into pidfile instead of the default CW / var/run/diskseekd.pid .
Bugs
Other aspects of Messy Dos ' flakiness are not simulated .
1 .
This section lacks a few smileys .
2 .
See Also
Fdutils ' texinfo doc
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
I have a confession to make : I like commercials .
Even though they can be boring , insulting , and just plain bothersome , on some level they intrigue me .
I often wonder why certain ads fail miserably while others succeed in catapulting a brand to the forefront of store shelves .
I like commercials because I enjoy guessing which will sink the product and which marketing genius will get a promotion .
But what I had n't considered until I had children was how much power commercials seem to have over us .
Out of the Mouth of Babes
What changed my perception was a routine shopping trip a few years ago with my then four - year - old boys .
As I paused my shopping cart in front of the cleaning supplies , Andy said , “ Mom , are n't we going to buy some Clorox ? ” I stared in surprise at my child because , although he was pointing straight at the Clorox , I knew he was n't able to read .
I puzzled over the bleach incident for some time because not only were the boys unable to read , but I did n't generally buy bleach .
Eventually , my husband and I realized that commercials were to blame .
While I had been dismissing commercial - watching as a mildly amusing pastime , marketers were subtly invading my home and impressing their values on my captivated and trusting children .
Shortly after we saw how easily we had been replaced as the value - shapers in our home , we also began to notice just how much allure commercials held for our children .
And as soon as we began to hear choruses of , “ Can we buy this ? ” and “ We need to have that ! ” from the lips of our twins , we realized we needed to act .
If You Want to Defeat Your Enemy , Sing His Song
Our first option was simply to turn the television off , but since our kids were only watching one or two shows per week in addition to a nightly game show we watched as a family , it was hard to believe they were watching too much .
Also , if the commercials during those short hours were having this much effect , we had to consider what growing up in our media - saturated culture would do to them if they were n't properly armed .
What we decided to do was slightly unconventional , but it made sense to us .
We inoculated our boys using a principle I had learned in a college communications course .
Little by little , we taught them about basic economics and simple marketing techniques used by companies to encourage people to part with their hard - earned money .
The theory was that if they could recognize the tactics companies used to market a product to people , then our children would become resistant to the claims presented in commercials and slowly learn to be discerning about their validity .
We did n't sit the boys down for long lectures ; rather , every time we noticed that a commercial or a print ad caught their attention , we asked them if they thought the product really did what the commercial claimed .
This introduced the idea that sometimes people say things that are n't true and that it was okay for them to question what they saw and heard .
It also taught the boys that what they think is important and valuable .
At the same time , we explained to them how companies need money to pay their workers and themselves , and how those companies try to convince others to buy their products in order to make money .
Slowly , we began to see a change in their behavior .
Raising Savvy Consumers
We knew our approach was working when , only a few months later , the boys asked me which paper towels we used .
Soon after I answered them , I heard the sounds of running water and giggling coming from the downstairs bathroom .
When I went to investigate , I saw Andy and Matt busily soaking paper towels and loading them with various toys .
The explanation ?
They were testing the assertion that the towels were so strong they could carry heavy loads even when wet .
The twins were so pleased the claims were true that Matt insisted we use nothing but this particular brand of towel in the future .
Eventually , the lessons of trusting your own judgment , testing the claims of others , and discovering true value began to have an effect on our kids ' everyday lives .
Instead of whining for toys they saw in a magazine , Andy and Matt would show me the ad and ask if I thought the toy lived up to its claims , whether I thought it was a good price or not , and how long I thought it would last .
They began to check the piece count on building sets before they spent their birthday money on them , and they would ask store clerks for more information before making purchases .
Recently , a mattress commercial came on .
We adults filtered out the woman falling sound asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow until Andy matter - of - factly piped up , “ It does n't work .
I tried it . ”
Smiling at the picture of my son trying to fall instantly asleep , I realized that while the mattress test had n't worked , the inoculation had .
Ready For Anything
By introducing just a little bit of the marketing germ , we gave Andy and Matt a tool for wading through the thousands of ads that will clamor for their attention as they grow up in our consumer - driven society .
Eventually , they will be able to use this process to decide if a product falls in line with their own values .
For now , I am proud to hear my children constantly question the broad claims made by marketers , and I am pleased that we have been able to pass on to them our values of critical thinking and careful consideration .
Photo by Aaronyx .
Well , I tend to use the computer at home a bit , and every now and then people add me to their list at random .
This person was n't an exception .
I ignored the " Hi M8 " things and the " ASL ? " requests , but no matter what , this annoyance kept on coming back .
Sometimes it'd be abusive , sometimes just annoying , but oneday I was bored though , and I decided to accept the challenge of a conversation .
The grammar was non-existent , the spelling was horrific , and the phraseology was right out of Charver 101 .
I usually Like talking to random lasses , but this one was unreal .
Stupid and mind - numbingly immature .
I fired off the usual ' off the shelf ' insults " work at McD's ? " etc ... and got a reply that I did n't expect .
"
Not old enough to have a job " oh ... alright .. how old was this person ?
I 'd assumed they were about 19 ... " Fuck off .. why whould I tell you " " Oh ... well , I 'm 11 " Needless to say I can't remember everything that happened or how it was said ... but I 'll do my best .
The conversation continued , and we spoke on and off for a few days .
I had been wrong .
It was n't a girl either .
It was a little lad .
He told me he was in the ' web to find some friends or at least someone to talk to , and he asked where I lived .
I sent a couple of google links to Swedish picture searches , and he seemed to love the idea of other countries etc .
He then said that he wished he could live in another land , but he had to move to London with his mum .
" Really ?
Why are you moving there ? " " Woah ... that 's a bit mean .
She 's probably joking ... " * Humpty stops and takes stock * :
An 11 yearold Manchestor kid has confided in me ... he 's unhappy , in need of mates and claims that his mum is violent towards him .
2 options ... he 's taking me for a ride ... ( look out for requests for financial support ) or he 's serious .
No harm in talking to the lad ...
What could possibly go wrong ?
" She hits you ?
" I do n't know .
She said she wishes I was dead , and that I 'm ruining her life .
No , I do n't want to .
My sister and my mum like each other .
Yeah ... Yeah , but who ?
I 'm not good at school , the teachers do n't like meAre you sure that 'll be ok ?
Ok.yup.****************************** I heard nothing for a couple of days ... then a girl named Haley added me to her list .
She started out with " You do n't know me but you know my brother . " *
Oh shit ... here we go : Kiddy - fiddling accusations ..*" I just wanted to say thankyou .
I think you may have saved his life ....
" It turned out that the day after I took the time to speak with him properly , he 'd walked into school , and with a thumping heart , had walked up to his maths teacher - for whom he had some respect - and told him exactly what he'd told me .
According to his sister who'd been at home that day , police turned up at her mum 's doorstep at midday and took her away .
Both she and her brother were now living with their biological dad , and they were both really enjoying it .
The night that all this had happened and after social services had spoken to them both , Her little brother then went and sat on her bed and pulled his shirt up - for the first time ever his sister found out that her mum had been beating him .
He was covered in bruises - all over his body .
He told her about talking t me , and he told her that he 's been thinking of killing himself : his classmates had surmised that this was probably his only option anyway .
So ... she thanked me for being there when he needed someone , and giving good advice in a way that he could identify with it .
It was a pretty cool feeling .************************** Kids might type like shit ... They may not embrace correct grammar ..
They may really piss you off ... They might swear and spit ...... but underneath , some of them are just lost little kids .
Do n't write them all off .. not yet . ( , Mon 21 Apr 2008 , 12:28 , 27 replies
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama is faring better than might be expected among Jewish voters , beating John McCain in Gallup Poll Daily general - election matchups and trailing Hillary Clinton only slightly in Jewish Democrats ' preferences for the Democratic nomination .
This is according to an aggregate of Gallup Poll Daily tracking from April 1 - 30 , including interviews with close to 800 Jewish voters , and nearly 600 Jewish Democratic voters .
Furthermore , Gallup Poll Daily tracking finds no recent decline in the percentage of Jewish Democrats favoring Obama for the Democratic presidential nomination .
Jewish Democrats continue to favor Clinton , but by only a slim margin over Obama -- 50 % to 43 % in April , compared with 51 % to 41 % in March .
In terms of the general election , Jewish voters nationwide are nearly as likely to say they would vote for Obama if he were the Democratic nominee running against the Republican McCain ( 61 % ) , as to say they would vote for Clinton ( 66 % ) .
According to Gallup 's aggregated tracking data for all of April , 61 % of Jewish voters would vote for Obama , much higher than the national average of 45 % of all registered voters .
Rather than declining between March and April , support for Obama versus McCain among Jewish voters has increased slightly , from a 23 - point margin in favor of Obama ( 58 % to 35 % ) to a 29 - point margin ( 61 % to 32 % ) .
The results are similar for Clinton , who received 66 % of the vote from Jewish Democrats in April , compared with 27 % for McCain -- a 39 - point lead .
Clinton led McCain by 29 points in March , 61 % to 32 % .
Bottom Line
Evidence of Obama 's concern about Jewish support for his candidacy stretches back to at least January , when he first publicly refuted Web - fueled rumors that he is or has been a Muslim -- the implication of the rumors being that he would be sympathetic to Muslim political concerns and anti-Israel in his worldview .
At the same time , he also disassociated himself from the anti-Semitic remarks of black activist Louis Farrakhan , and has recently disassociated himself from his former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
Thus , any damage to Jews ' perceptions of Obama as someone who would be sympathetic and fair to their interests could have occurred much earlier in the campaign .
However , in terms of recent events -- particularly the ongoing controversy about why Obama would have belonged to a church led by someone with Wright 's anti-Israel views ( among other criticisms of Wright ) -- Gallup trends suggest Obama 's Jewish support is holding up .
Survey Methods
These results are based on monthly aggregates of Gallup Poll Daily tracking interviews for March 2008 and April 2008 .
The March 2008 aggregate is based on interviews conducted March 1 - 31 , 2008 .
It includes interviews with 24,290 voters , 632 Jewish voters , 12,045 Democratic voters , and 449 Jewish Democratic voters .
The April 2008 aggregate is based on interviews conducted April 1 - 30 , 2008 .
It includes interviews with 30,311 voters , 790 Jewish voters , 14,989 Democratic voters , and 588 Jewish Democratic voters .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
Iowa Caucus Turnout , 2000 –2008 2000 60 760 87 666 2004 124 000 uncontested ( George W. Bush ) 2008 221 000 116 114
Some of the numbers above are approximate , but the trend is clear : a huge increase in Democratic caucus participants ( 78 % more than in 2004 , and 90 % more Democrats than Republicans this year ) .
My understanding is that the Democratic caucuses also require more time and involvement than the Republican ones .
All of this adds up to a lot of enthusiastic Democrats — at least in Iowa .
Here 's what that looks like if you break down each bar according to the proportion of support that each candidate received .
Iowa Caucus Vote Distribution , 2000 – 2008 2000 Bradl Gore Bush Forbes Ke B 2004 Ge Dean Edwards Kerry uncontested ( George W. Bush ) 2008 Clinton Edwards Obama Huckabee Romney Tho Mc Pa
What do you think this means for the election as a whole ?
Is this phenomenon local to Iowa , or is it a sign of things to come ?
Sources : MSNBC , AP , CNN , Eric Appleman .
About the movie : ----------
Forwarded message ----------
Date : Tue , 1 Apr 2008 14:38:25 ( PDT ) From : Producer A.Seltzer < ALKA-Seltzer@vaguegenremovie.com >
To : Marketing < marketing@vaguegenremovie.com >
Cc : Producer J.Friedberg < j-dawg@vaguegenremovie.com >
Subject : notes for web synopssi i just saw the trailer .
amazing .
here are a few notes to make it better : 1 . the clip of the guy dancing in the elevator is dope , but can we use something else ?
i dont want to give away the best part of the movie during the trailer .
2 . when the guy says " this time the jokes arent just lame ... " does he mean the good kind of lame or the bad ?
3 . 3 words : more paris hilton .
that got the biggest lols during screenings .
jesus , i can't get enough of her .
see if we can get someone to add more paris hilton jokes in post .
fuck everything , just name the movie paris hilton .
is it too late to do that ?
and here are some notes for the website : 1 . make it sound good , use college words n' shit .
2 . make the logo bigger .
also , make sure to send out review copies of the film to roger ebert , that cancerous fuck lol .
id like to see what he thinks now .
i have the best come back if he trashes our movie ( it has to do with his mortality rofl ) .
speaking of critics , i'd be very interested to hear what they say about this one since they complained about us parodying kill bill and star wars in " date movie " because " waaah boo hoo !
kill bill is n't a date movie " .
fuck them .
they even complained when we came out with epic movie .
i mean c'mon , give us a break .
we got around the problem of not sticking to the genre we were parodying by making the genre even vaguer ( wtf is epic ? ) , and they still bitched .
though i guess we did n't technically stick to parodying movies that were " epic " ... or even movies .. but i stand by our decision to have parodies of mtv cribs and punk'd in the movie .
that shit was hella funny .
also , i heard our site was already live .
whats our url ?
A.Seltzer ----------
Forwarded message ----------
Date : Tue , 1 Apr 2008 14:42:10 ( PDT ) From : Producer A.Seltzer < ALKA-Seltzer@vaguegenremovie.com >
To : Marketing < marketing@vaguegenremovie.com >
Subject : done for the day hey bro , im done for the day .
i sent an email to those stupid cows in marketing .
did you see our new receptionist ?
id nail the shit out of her .
with my dick .
later bro. A.Seltzer ----------
Forwarded message ----------
Date : Tue , 1 Apr 2008 14:43:08 ( PDT ) From : Producer A.Seltzer < ALKA-Seltzer@vaguegenremovie.com >
To : Marketing < marketing@vaguegenremovie.com >
Subject : Re : done for the day A.Seltzer has recalled the message regarding " done for the day " A. Seltzer ----------
Forwarded message ----------
Date : Tue , 1 Apr 2008 15:37:02 ( PDT ) From : Producer A.Seltzer < ALKA-Seltzer@vaguegenremovie.com >
To : Marketing < marketing@vaguegenremovie.com >
Subject : Re : done for the day > > see if we can get a someone to add more paris hilton
> > jokes in post .
fuck everything , just name the movie
> > paris hilton .
is it too late to do that ?
>
> Yes .
Also , that would be illegal .
since when do we care about whats legal ?
i mean , have you even seen any of our movies ?
maybe this will jog your memory : thats almost a shot for shot recreation of the basketball scene from " along came polly " .
we just threw that in the movie because hey , if it was funny in 1 movie , so y not 2 ?
yeah , so we technically didnt change anything or make any statement about it , but it was still hella funny .
just like paris hilton jokes .
see what you can do .
A.Seltzer
Sent via Blackberry ----------
Forwarded message ----------
Date : Tue , 1 Apr 2008 16:22:00 ( PDT ) From : Producer J.Friedberg < j-dawg@vaguegenremovie.com >
To : Assistant < assistant@vaguegenremovie.com > , < staff@vaguegenremovie.com > , Marketing < marketing@vaguegenremovie.com > , < ALKA-Seltzer@vaguegenremovie.com > , < interns@vaguegenremovie.com >
Subject : FW : FW : FW : FW : PLEEEEAAASE READ !!!
OMG SO FUNNY !!!!!!
HEY EVERYONE , SORRY FOR THE MASS EMAIL BUT THIS VIDEO WAS TOOO FUNNY ( WARNING - YOU WONT BE ABLE TO GET THE PHRASE " CHOCOLATE RAIN " OUT OF YOUR HEAD AFTER YOU WATCH IT ) .
HEY WE SHOULD TRY TO PUT THIS IN OUR NEXT MOVIE .
BY THE WAY , THE TRAILER LOOKS AWESOME .
I JUST SAW IT .
1 QUESTION THOUGH : WHAT IS SATIRE ?
ALSO , ON THE PART WHERE HE SAYS " THIS TIME THE JOKES ARENT JUST LAME ... "
DOES HE MEAN GOOD LAME OR BAD LAME ?
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GUYS .
Forwarded message attached ( 33 M ) J - Dawg ( J.Friedberg ) :
----------
Forwarded message ----------
Date : Tue , 1 Apr 2008 14:42:10 ( PDT ) From : Producer A.Seltzer < ALKA-Seltzer@vaguegenremovie.com >
To : Producer J.Friedberg < j-dawg@vaguegenremovie.com > , Marketing < marketing@vaguegenremovie.com >
Subject : next movie check it out , so for our next movie , i think we should call it " We 're Going to Dangle a Shiny Crystal Pendulum in Your Face for an Hour Movie " : i think our fans will eat it up .
after all , meet the spartans grossed $ 70.5 million .
we 're gonna kill !!!
and instead of having the movie be about a crystal , i have a great idea for more american idol jokes !
A.Seltzer
Sent via Blackberry Sponsors !
This website , our movies , and 100 % of our artistic integrity is up for sale to the highest bidder .
If you are interested in placing your products in our films , please contact sales@vaguegenremovie.com .
We are very accomodating and will go to any length to satisfy your request .
Want us to take care of you down town ?
A little hand action ?
DP ?
Got a lot of empty cups and chicks sitting around ?
Talk to us .
Here are a few of our sponsors :
The best thing I 've ever put on a steak .
Men >
Women
Coffee Bean
Bup Light
Beef of Omaha
Tube socks
Sinus relief
Tucker
Gorillas
Opening weekend box - office receipts : $ 2,043,884
Join the mailing list here Available now !
Back to how much I rule ... • New Book • Store • Email • Patreon • • Tweet
© 1997-2017 by Maddox
If you ’re wondering why I ’ve been quiet the past few weeks it ’s because I ’ve been devoting most of my free time to finishing off a new benchmark I ’m releasing today called GUIMark .
GUIMark is kinda like an Acid3 test on speed that ’s geared towards RIA technologies .
The goal was to figure out how to implement a reference design in different runtimes and then benchmark how smoothly that design could be animated .
So far I have implementations in DHTML , Flex , Java , Silverlight 1 and Silverlight 2 .
All the results and and implementation details can be found under the GUIMark page .
GUIMark shares alot in common with another RIA benchmark Bubblemark .
I ’ve written a bit about Bubblemark and why I think an alternative is necessary , but I do believe Bubblemark and GUIMark can coexist while serving 2 different purposes .
Alexey Gavrilov stated it best in that he sees Bubblemark as a sortof ‘ Hello World ’ launchpad into comparing different environments and I agree with him .
Bubblemark is a * very * accessible test suite and its easy for any kind of developer to jump in and play around with performance techniques .
GUIMark takes a different approach by trying to benchmark the types of UI elements common in our Web 2.0 world .
This includes things like vector redraws , alpha transparencies , text reflow , bitmap motion , and 9 scale slicing rules .
From there I just fill up the render pipeline until it becomes so over - saturated that it becomes easy to visually distinguish which rendering engines are more efficient then others .
As a result , the benchmark is more complicated on a visual level and requires a bit more time then Bubblemark to understand the implementation rules .
Lastly with GUIMark I ’ve tried to get into some of the lower level details behind how rendering engines work and how that ’s affected the creation of this project .
I ’m hoping that developers and designers will be able to use this test suite to identify any pros or cons to choosing a particular environment when visual transitions are a key element of the experience .
I ’m also hoping these benchmarks provide a spotlight for the community that we can turn toward the runtime engineers inside Sun or Adobe or Mozilla to demand better performance .
Go to GUIMark home page
A boat which docked in the UK last week was carrying cannabis with a street value of more than £ 40 m , enough to make a joint for every single person in the country , the Serious Organised Crime Agency ( Soca ) said today .
Customs and law enforcement officers seized the Abbira , a 30 - metre ocean - going tug , when it arrived at Southampton a week ago .
It was moved to Portsmouth where a search recovered 14.5 tonnes of cannabis resin in 419 blocks .
" With a wholesale price of £ 875 per kg , this cannabis was worth around £ 2.5 m to the importer , and offered a potential profit of around £ 1 m through onward wholesale distribution , " a spokesman said .
At a street value of £ 10 per eighth - of - an - ounce measure , the cannabis would be worth a total of about £ 41 m , he added .
" This quantity of cannabis would make approximately 72.5 m joints – at 200 mg of cannabis resin per joint - more than one joint for every man woman and child in the UK , " the spokesman said .
The search was carried out by a specialist UK Border 's Agency team as part of an ongoing Soca operation .
Soca was working with customs officers , Hampshire police and the newly - established Maritime Analysis and Operations Centre – Narcotics ( MAOC-N ) , based in Lisbon , Portugal .
MAOC-N was opened last year by the UK and six other European nations to try and combat the flow of drugs across the Atlantic .
Three Israeli men , two Ukrainian men and four Serbian men were arrested and charged in connection with the raid , and another four British men were arrested in Leicestershire , three of whom were charged and one released on bail .
Photo : Jill Greenberg
This story begins , as it inevitably must , in the Old Country .
At some point during the tenth century , a group of Jews abandoned the lush hills of Lucca , Italy , and — at the invitation of Charlemagne — headed for the severer climes of the Rhineland and Northern France .
These Jews did n’t have a name for themselves , at first .
They were tied together mostly by kinship .
But ultimately , they became known as Ashkenazim , a variation on the Hebrew word for one of Noah ’s grandsons .
In some ways , life was good for the Jews in this strange new place .
They ’d been lured there on favorable terms , with promises of physical protection , peaceful travel , and the ability to adjudicate their own quarrels .
( The charter of Henry IV , dated 1090 , includes this assurance : “ If anyone shall wound a Jew , but not mortally , he shall pay one pound of gold …
If he is unable to pay the prescribed amount … his eyes will be put out and his right hand cut off . ” )
But in other ways , life was difficult .
The Ashkenazim could n’t own land .
They were banned from the guilds .
They were heavily taxed .
Yet the Ashkenazim did very well , in spite of these constraints , because they found an ingenious way to adapt to their new environment that did n’t rely on physical labor .
What they noticed , as they set up their towns , located mainly at the crossroads of trade routes , was that there was no one around to lend money .
So there it was : a demand and a new supplier .
Because of the Christian prohibition against usury , Jews found themselves a financially indispensable place in their new home , extending loans to peasants , tradesmen , knights , courtiers , even the occasional monastery .
The records from these days are scarce .
But where they exist , they are often startling .
In 1270 , for example , 80 percent of the 228 adult Jewish males in Perpignan , France , made their living lending money to their Gentile neighbors , according to Marcus Arkin ’s Aspects of Jewish Economic History .
One of the most prolific was a rabbi .
Two others were identified , in the notarial records , as “ poets . ”
Success at money - lending required a different set of skills than farming or any of the traditional trades .
Some , surely , were social : cultivating connections , winning over trust ( or maybe bullying your way there , Shylock ’s awful pound of flesh ) .
It probably required some aggression , because the field was competitive , with Jews suffering so few professional options .
But it also required cognitive skills , or something my generation would call numeracy — a fluency in mathematics , a dexterity with numbers — and my grandmother ’s generation would call “ a head for figures . ”
If you were Jewish in Perpignan in 1270 , and you did n’t have a head for figures , you did n’t stand much of a chance .
Numeracy , literacy , critical reasoning :
For millennia , these have been the currency of Jewish culture , the stuff of Talmudic study , immigrant success , and Borscht Belt punch lines .
Two Jews , three opinions …
Keep practicing , you ’ll thank me later … Q : When does a Jewish fetus become a human ?
A : When it graduates from medical school .
Of course , there ’s another side to this shining coin .
Jewish cleverness has also been an enduring feature of anti-Semitic paranoia .
In the sixteenth century , Martin Luther said Jewish doctors were so smart they could develop a poison that could kill Christians in a single day — or any other time period of their choosing ( and four centuries later , Pravda suggested Jewish doctors were spies sent to kill Stalin ) .
After the calamities of September 11 , one of the creepier conspiracy theories to whip through the Muslim world was the idea that only Jews were cunning enough to have pulled off the hijackings .
Last summer , Henry Harpending , an evolutionary anthropologist at the University of Utah , and Gregory Cochran , an independent scholar with a flair for controversy , skipped cheerfully into the center of this minefield .
The two shopped around a paper that tried to establish a genetic argument for the fabled intelligence of Jews .
It contended that the diseases most commonly found in Ashkenazim — particularly the lysosomal storage diseases , like Tay - Sachs — were likely connected to and , indeed , in some sense responsible for outsize intellectual achievement in Ashkenazi Jews .
The paper contained references , but no footnotes .
It was not written in the genteel , dispassionate voice common to scientific inquiries but as a polemic .
Its science was mainly conjecture .
Most American academics expected the thing to drop like a stone .
It did n’t .
The Journal of Biosocial Science , published by Cambridge University Press , posted it online and agreed to run it in its bi-monthly periodical sometime in 2006 .
The New York Times , The Economist , and several Jewish publications risked their reputations to legitimize it .
Today , the paper has a lively presence on the Internet — type “ Ashkenazi ” into Google and the first hit is the Wikipedia entry , where the article gets pride of place .
Photo : From top , courtesy of Henry Harpending ; courtesy of Gregory Cochran
Ascribing an ethnic or racial explanation to any trait more ambiguous than skin color is by definition a dangerous idea , the kind of notion that can seep into the political arena with disastrous consequences .
Institutionalized racism has always found sanction in the scientific community , from eminent biologist Louis Agassiz ’s racial typologies justifying slavery in the 1850s , to the Nazi scientists ’ depraved use of calipers to establish Jewish inferiority , to psychologist Arthur Jensen ’s call in the sixties to stop funding Head Start because most of its poor , black recipients were intrinsically uncoachable .
We may consider ourselves the products of a new , more enlightened age , and scientists may carry on with more sensitivity than they did in the past .
Yet to invoke the genome as an explanation for anything more complicated than illness or the most superficial traits ( like skin color ) is still considered taboo , as Harvard president Larry Summers discovered when he suggested the reason for so few female math and science professors might lurk in scribbles of feminine DNA ( rather than , say , the hostile climes of the classroom , the diminished expectations of women ’s parents , or a curious cultural receptivity to Pamela Anderson ’s charms ) .
For this reason , and the fact that it did not meet the standards of traditional scientific scholarship , Harpending and Cochran ’s paper attracted a barrage of criticism from mainstream geneticists , historians , and social scientists .
“ It ’s bad science — not because it ’s provocative , but because it ’s bad genetics and bad epidemiology , ” says Harry Ostrer , head of NYU ’s human - genetics program .
“ I see no positive impact from this , ” says Neil Risch , one of the few geneticists who ’s dipped his oar into the treacherous waters of race and genetics .
“ When the guys at the University of Utah said they ’d discovered cold fusion , did that have a positive impact ? ”
“ I ’d actually call the study bullshit , ” says Sander Gilman , a historian at Emory University , “ if I did n’t feel its idea were so insulting . ”
Cochran mirthfully bats their complaints away .
“ I do n’t see what the big deal is here , ” he says when I reach him at his New Mexico home .
“ I have n’t actually told people how to make a hydrogen bomb out of baking soda in their garages . ”
But there ’s no question that Cochran and Harpending knew what they were doing .
They were advancing a theory with a patina of sexiness and political incorrectness , one that would generate a good deal of discussion .
And that it did .
Some of that discussion was positive , and some was not , as one might expect .
That ’s always the problem with theories that exploit stereotypes — they ’re titillating , sure , but also handy refuges for the intellectually lazy .
The trick is not to harden and grow cold as we turn backward , as sure as Lot ’s wife .
“ Albert Einstein is reputed to have said that ‘ Things should be described as simply as possible , but no simpler , ’ ” reads the first sentence of Natural History of Ashkenazi Intelligence .
“ The same principle must be invoked in explaining Einstein himself . ”
The authors , clearly , have no fear of getting personal .
Einstein , they seem to be saying .
Need we say more ?
The man whose very name is a shorthand for genius was an Ashkenazi Jew .
The world ’s proliferation of Einsteins — well , maybe not Einsteins exactly , but distinguished Jewish thinkers , particularly in math and the sciences — form the stark , quantifiable basis for Cochran and Harpending ’s hypothesis .
Though Jews make up a mere 0.25 percent of the world ’s population and a mere 3 percent of the United States ’ , they account , according to their paper , for 27 percent of all American Nobel Prize winners , 25 percent of all ACM Turing Award winners for computer science , and 50 percent of the globe ’s chess champions .
( What the paper does n’t say is that these numbers seem to be tallied for optimum Jewishness , counting as Jews those who have as few as one Jewish grandparent to claim ; it also wrongly assumes these winners are all Ashkenazim .
But still . )
Cochran and Harpending also cite studies claiming that Ashkenazim have the highest IQ of any ethnic group for which there ’s reliable data , perhaps as much as a full standard deviation above the general European average , which means , at the far end of the spectrum , that 23 per thousand Ashkenazim have an IQ over 140 , as opposed to 4 per thousand Northern Europeans .
Reading these numbers , I was reminded of a story a friend once told me about a peer of his at Cambridge who wearily dismissed the intellect of another student with a five - word declaration : “ Just your average Jewish genius . ”
Most social scientists — and biological scientists , for that matter — would argue that a complex combination of culture , history , and religious tradition has been responsible for the steady , metronomic production of average Jewish geniuses .
Cochran and Harpending make a different case .
Their reasoning is straightforward enough :
If the gene mutations responsible for diseases in Ashkenazim did n’t confer some evolutionary selective advantage , they would n’t persist .
Cochran and Harpending liken these defective genes to the genes in Africans that often deform hemoglobin .
Carrying one copy of the gene , most research suggests , helps ward off malaria — surely an adaptive advantage .
Two copies , however , cause sickle - cell anemia .
Cochran and Harpending reasoned the same must be true of the genes that cause illness among Ashkenazi Jews , particularly the four that cause mutations in the enzymes responsible for breaking down fats : Tay - Sachs , Niemann - Pick , Gaucher disease , and mucolipidosis type IV .
Two copies cause devastating illness , but one , they speculate , mutely aids the carrier .
How ?
By enhancing intelligence .
Without this extra edge , they hypothesize , the Ashkenazim would never have survived .
The Jews “ experienced unusual selective pressures that were likely to have favored increased intelligence , ” they say .
“ Their jobs were cognitively demanding , since they were essentially restricted to entrepreneurial and managerial roles as financiers , estate managers , tax farmers , and merchants .
These are jobs that people with an IQ below 100 essentially cannot do . ”
“ I have a stack of books , like four feet high , on all metabolic diseases , ” Cochran tells me .
“ And the four sphingolipid diseases affecting Ashkenazi Jews ” — the ones he and Harpending believe enhance intelligence — “ are all in the same chapter .
That ’s like one in 100,000 odds .
People could say it ’s chance , I suppose — in the same way it ’s chance that 27 percent of all of those guys go to Stockholm every year . ”
There ’s scant physical evidence for this assumption .
But what the authors found was intriguing .
Among the papers they unearthed were studies by Steven Walkley , a neuroscientist at Albert Einstein College of Medicine , that showed growth of additional dendrites in the tissues of humans and cats with Tay - Sachs and Niemann - Pick .
They also cite a 1995 study in the Journal of Biological Chemistry that shows increased neural growth in the brains of rats with Gaucher disease .
The authors decided to contact Ari Zimran , the head of the Gaucher Clinic at the Shaare Zedek Medical Center in Jerusalem .
It turns out that 81 of his 255 working - age patients have jobs that require , by the author ’s estimates , an IQ of at least 120 .
Twenty - three are engineers , and fourteen are scientists — a number that , if it were consistent with the Israeli workforce , should be just six .
Yet there are many who ’d find a very different way of explaining the intelligence of these patients .
They would n’t invoke their extra dendrites .
They ’d invoke their mothers .
To say that the Jews have a history of emphasizing scholarship is not just the fantasy of ethnic chauvinists and Woody Allen fans .
To look at a single page of the Talmud is to understand this , with its main text at the center , its generations of rabbis arguing around the rim .
The dialectic and critical reasoning are at its core .
Growing up , most children in Jewish households are at least vaguely aware of their intellectual aristocracy — who do you think was counting all those Nobel Prize winners ?
The Swedes ?— and if it ’s not the intellectuals they ’re aware of , it ’s the high - achieving Jews , the ones who killed on Dick Cavett , played lead guitar , helmed the Starship Enterprise .
( The one season I attended Sunday school , one of my first assignments was to find the name of a Jewish celebrity ; when I returned the following week with the name of Beverly Sills , rather than Gene Simmons , my teacher did n’t find it the least bit strange . )
All minorities have their private halls of fame , of course , but it was a Jew , Adam Sandler , who took this obsessive curatorial tendency and set it to music .
“ David Lee Roth lights the menorah / So do James Caan , Kirk Douglas , and the late Dinah Shore -ah … ”
It ’s staggering what an emphasis on scholarship , both secular and religious , combined with a history of relentless displacement will do .
One could argue it ’s a near - certain recipe for achievement .
Just last month , Sherwin Nuland , author of How We Die , wrote a meticulous , almost pointillist essay for The New Republic explaining why Jewish doctors have been held in high esteem for centuries .
( The title of the article : “ My Son , the Doctor . ” )
He notes that physical healing has always been privileged by Jewish scripture , and therefore became the province of learned rabbis , the apotheosis of whom was Maimonides .
If the Jews were expelled from a particular country , as they so often were , they could take their profession with them — medicine was divinely portable .
From there , Nuland draws on the work of John Efron , a historian at the University of California at Berkeley , pointing out that once universities opened their doors to Jews , much of the Jewish emphasis on scholarship shifted from the religious to the secular , partly as a result of their tremendous desire for social respectability .
At the fin de siècle , for example , Jews made up a mere 1 percent of the German population , but they made up 50 percent of all the doctors in Berlin and 60 percent of all the doctors in Vienna .
“ It had to do with emerging from the ghetto , ” says Efron , author of Medicine and the German Jews : A History .
“ There were enormous social pressures to succeed — part of the emancipation process was to show that Jews were good Europeans , good Austrians , and medicine was a universal , non-parochial science , where the barriers to entry were low but the prestige was enormously high .
It ’s the same pattern you ’re seeing in the United States today , if you have a look at medical - school acceptances :
There are much larger numbers of Asian and Indian students . ”
Numbers from the American Association of Medical Colleges bear this out : Today , 18 percent of all med students are Asian , as opposed to 6 percent just a dozen years ago .
“ I have always believed that the smartest people in the world are Asians , ” declares Ed Koch , former mayor of New York ( and , let ’s face it , a pretty smart Ashkenazi Jew ) .
“ If you look at the special schools in New York City , they have so many .
I think Stuyvesant ’s 40 percent Asian now , and Bronx Science is 50 ” — actually , 53 and 49 percent — “ so this paper is something I question . ”
Jews have long debated the origin and nature of intelligence .
In Kaddish , his beautiful book of aphorisms and ruminations about the rite of mourning , Leon Wieseltier notes that Rabbi Akiva postulated in the second century that sons inherit not just wealth , beauty , and strength from their fathers , but wisdom .
Centuries later , Maimonides came to the opposite conclusion :
It ’s “ great exertion ” that makes us who we are .
To attribute it to anything in our blood would trivialize our own agency , our hard work , our humanity .
Wieseltier can’t even countenance another point of view .
“ The important question is , even if there is an Ashkenazi gene , what does it explain and what does it not explain ? ” he asks , when I reach him by phone .
“ The idea that it explains intellectuality seems empirically and philosophically spurious .
The world is riddled — riddled !— with dumb Ashkenazi Jews , so it ’s empirically false , and it ’s philosophically spurious because it flies in the face of human freedom and the belief in human freedom . ”
He thinks .
“ We ’re living in a new golden age of scientism — the idea that there are scientific answers to all human questions , ” he says .
“ People are so rattled by the speed and complexity of their lives that they need rock - solid certainty .
They cannot bear to live inconclusively .
Religion provides one definitive answer ; science provides another .
The important thing for most people is to feel that the way they live is an inevitable outcome . ”
“ I probably have a lot to say about this , ” he concludes , “ because I ’m an Ashkenazi .
So I must be really smart . ”
Harpending and Cochran are hardly the first scientists to suggest that the diseases of the Ashkenazim are the product of genetic selection .
Until fairly recently , many geneticists believed these mutations may have helped protect Jews from tuberculosis , because the disease so frequently surfaced in ghettos , though no one has been able to show how these mutations protected Jews — or why neighboring non-Jewish populations did n’t develop the same immunity .
If geneticists are disinclined to believe a trait is the result of natural selection , they attribute it instead to something called genetic drift , a process by which a mutation , for some random reason , evolves in one population but not in another .
The smaller the population , the more glaring this mutation will seem .
Geographic isolation , for instance , can explain radical genetic differences — if two groups evolve in separate places with little intermingling , different mutations are bound to pop up and spread in each .
Natural disasters are another explanation — a rock slide could kill off a species of purple petunias , say .
Or — in the case of Jews — one of the founders of a small settlement has a lot of children , and these children have lots of children .
What the founder does n’t know is that he or she has a gene mutation , like the one for Tay - Sachs .
It takes hold and spreads , like an epidemic .
( Geneticists call this “ the founder effect . ” )
“ Ashkenazi neurological diseases are hints of ways in which one could supercharge intelligence , so it seems likely we could develop pharmaceutical agents that had similar effects . ”
The problem with this theory , as Cochran and Harpending rather forcefully argue using mathematical models and a long disquisition about medieval Jewish economic history ( starting from the expulsion of the Jews by King Dagobert of the Franks in 629 ) , is that Tay - Sachs is just one of four sphingolipid diseases common to Jews , which seems like a rather unlikely coincidence .
It suggests they all evolved for a reason , a similar reason .
How could random mutations account for such a closely related cluster of ailments ?
“ That ’s one of the ways this paper is actually strong , ” says Sheila Rothman , a Columbia professor of public health who specializes in questions about genetics and group identity .
“ Geneticists do n’t have a great grasp of Jewish history .
They often tend to cite each other .
Sometimes they cite themselves . ”
It ’s not just social scientists who concede this part of the paper is strong .
So , too , do many mainstream geneticists , who ’ve never been entirely comfortable with the theory of genetic drift to explain so many interrelated diseases among Jews .
“ If these genes were shuffling randomly , ” says Gregory Pastores , director of the neurogenetics unit at NYU , “ then why is it that we see the clustering of four diseases in Jews — Gaucher , Niemann - Pick , mucolipidosis type IV , and Tay - Sachs — when the genes are in different chromosomes entirely ?
They ’re not even next to one another . ”
But this does n’t mean that Pastores buys the message of the paper , and neither do most of his colleagues .
Ostrer , from NYU , points out what he believes is a major flaw :
The authors assume Jews are selected for sphingolipid diseases , and not for some other gene that may happen to be passed along with these diseases .
“ Blocks of the genome are inherited together , ” he explains .
“ They ’re saying heterozygotes carrying these sphingolipid mutations are smarter .
Fine .
But who ’s to say it ’s that gene and not the gene next door ?
Or down the street ? ”
Furthermore , the authors ’ hypothesis that what ’s being selected for is intelligence is a sexy guess , but it ’s based on almost nothing concrete — just a handful of smart Gaucher patients , some extra dendrites in cats , and a rat .
“ Jews have been accused of being frugal , cheap , aggressive , ” says Neil Risch .
“ There ’s a clear survival advantage to those traits too .
Why not pick on those ? ”
Risch is a big believer in genetic drift .
He thinks the large number of mutations in Jews is random , coincidental , and has no causal relationship with the number of children they ’ve had or why they ’ve survived .
He points out Ashkenazim are prone to other illnesses besides lysosomal storage diseases ( such as clotting disorders and breast cancer ) .
Anyway , what ’s so unique about Jews ?
Finns are prone to at least twenty diseases , as are French Canadians , Costa Ricans , Louisiana Acadians , the Amish , and European Gypsies .
The Gypsies have interrelated diseases too , just like the Jews have interrelated sphingolipid disorders .
Risch is underwhelmed .
“ This is like saying , ‘ Because Europeans have a high rate of cystic fibrosis , hemochromatosis , and Crohn ’s disease , the genes for those disorders must cause great ability to play tennis , ’ ” he says .
“ And then the authors would come up with some elaborate theory about how those particular mutations are involved in hand - eye coordination , which allows for better retrieval of volleys . ”
Yet here ’s the irony : During the past year , the taboos surrounding the genetics of race and ethnicity have been significantly eroded , in no small part because of the efforts of Risch .
A population geneticist at the University of California at San Francisco , a fiercely independent thinker , a fun gossip , and a liberal Jew , he published a paper in the American Journal of Human Genetics in February that rather boldly claimed that the races we claimed to be almost always corresponded with our continents of ancestry .
It seemed to represent the consensus view that ’s slowly emerging among geneticists .
Many have now stopped quarreling with the same vigor about whether race is or is not a genetic fact .
“ I am not sure that most geneticists have agreed to ‘ races ’ per se , ” says Ostrer .
“ But continental groups or clusters , yes . ”
To deny these clusters , he says , would be folly ; it tells us to willfully ignore what all of us can see — that people look different all over the world .
He quotes me a line from Jews : A Study in Race and Environment , written by his NYU predecessor , Maurice Fishberg : “ One can pick out a Jew from among a thousand non-Jews without difficulty . ”
Ostrer is now writing a book himself , about genetics and Jewish history .
He has decided to call the first chapter “ Looking Jewish . ”
“ There ’s no doubt their paper is polemical , ” says David Goldstein , director of the Center for Population Genomics and Pharmacogenetics at Duke University .
“ But just because it ’s polemical does n’t mean I ’d be dismissive of everything they had to say .
I think their paper ’s interesting . ”
Goldstein , in fact , seems to rather appreciate its Zeitgeist .
“ Until recently , most human geneticists almost … disalloweddiscussion about genetic differences among racial and ethnic groups , ” he says .
“ Really .
So many awful things had been done with genetic research in this last century that they developed a policy of ‘ Just say no . ’
But there ’s actually a lot of difference between groups , when you consider there are 10 million polymorphic sites on the genome .
So it ’s not scientifically sound to rule out the possibility of differences corresponding to our geographic and ethnic heritages .
It overlooks the basic point :
The genome is just a huge place . ”
“ If I had to choose between Jewish genes and Jewish mothers , ” Goldstein hastens to add , “ I ’d choose Jewish mothers . ”
( He has both . )
“ But I would like us to carry out research in a way that does n’t imply that we have anything to be afraid of .
That ’s what upsets me about the way this work has been approached in the past . ”
Using the notion of race , for example , has proved highly useful in medicine .
Today , if you ’re an ambitious young geneticist , the world ’s awash in money to study racial difference and disease .
It ’s even encouraged by statute , thanks to the Minority Health Disparities Act of 2000 .
This summer , the National Institutes of Health announced it was exploring links between African - Americans and elevated rates of prostate cancer ; this spring , NitroMed introduced BiDil to reduce heart disease in African - Americans .
“ Historically , in medicine , white males have been the subjects of study , ” says Risch .
“ But you ca n’t always apply to women and minorities [ lessons ] from them .
You need to be inclusive .
So while I ’m always afraid people will misuse information about genetic differences , this is a positive development . ”
Just because pharmaceutical companies are developing race - specific drugs , however , does n’t mean race is the most useful way to parse genetic differences .
The fact remains that there ’s more diversity within racial groups than between them .
What does “ black ” mean when discussing the 11,700,000 - square - mile expanse of Africa ?
There are Pygmies and Nigerians , Zulus and Ethiopians .
What , precisely , is a Mexican ?
Or — for that matter — a Semite ?
“ BiDil is more effective for some , rather than all , African - American hypertensives , ” says Ostrer .
“ Race , in this context , should always be used as an interim measure to see us through a period of ignorance , ” agrees Goldstein .
“ Once we know the underlying genetic or environmental factors that influence individual responses , you consider those directly and ignore race . ”
Talk to most geneticists , and they ’ll say that it ’s a combination of genetics and environment that inevitably makes us who we are — attempts to link specific behaviors , aptitudes , and weaknesses to genes and genes alone almost always come up short .
Lynn Jorde , professor of genetics at the University of Utah School of Medicine , gives but one example :
For a while , it was assumed that a particular variant of monoamine oxidase caused antisocial behavior .
Then several thousand children in New Zealand with this variant were followed for a period of more than twenty years .
Researchers found that their subjects misbehaved only if they ’d been abused as children — if they had n’t , there was none .
“ We ’ll probably find that there are genes that influence behavior , ” says Jorde .
“ But I ’m quite certain we wo n’t find genes that determine behavior . ”
Risch noted something similar in Nature Genetics last year : Until recently , a famous study seemed to suggest that Asian children were more likely than Europeans to have absolute pitch .
Then along came another study , this time showing that absolute pitch is most likely to manifest itself only if children take music lessons before the age of 6 .
No one in the first study had bothered to ask whether their Asian subjects were exposed earlier to music than their European counterparts .
And that ’s just absolute pitch , easily measurable .
Intelligence is n’t even possible to define , except maybe in the sense that Justice Potter Stewart famously said of porn :
He knew it when he saw it .
Intelligence is almost impossible to model in animals .
How do you create a brainy Jewish mouse ?
( Replicate Michael Eisner ? )
There ’s book - smart and street - smart ; numbers - smart and letters - smart .
Matisse dreamed in paint , and Nabokov did magic tricks with words , but could either of them do multivariable calculus ?
How about calculate the tip on a bar bill ?
“ The problem is with phenotype , ” says David Rothman , a Columbia historian ( and Sheila ’s husband ) .
“ Take schizophrenia .
There ’s four kinds listed in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders .
Or take alcoholism .
The phenotypes are also varied — there ’s weekend bingers , hard drinkers , occasional bingers .
Depression comes in many phenotypes .
I do n’t know where to begin with shyness .
So intelligence ?
I ’m baffled . ”
“ More important , ” he adds , “ I do n’t know where they get the idea that mercantile life and high IQs go together .
I would n’t mind IQ - testing the bulls of Wall Street to find this out . ”
In the 1860s , Francis Galton , a cousin of Charles Darwin and father of eugenics , argued that Protestants were smarter than Catholics because they let their smart offspring reproduce , rather than shipping them off to monasteries .
The idea did n’t hold up too well over time .
In the early part of the twentieth century , the mathematician Norbert Wiener suggested Jews were smarter because the daughters of wealthy Jewish men were married off to scholarly rabbis , who went on to have more children .
Then Lewis S. Feuer , a sociologist , came along and showed that wealthy Jews married other wealthy Jews .
“ These were Fiddler on the Roof fantasies , a myth created by people in New York who romanticized the shtetl , ” says Sander Gilman .
“ The shtetls were horrible places .
Do you think the man who wrote Tevye ’s story did it from a crummy little shtetl ?
No !
He was sitting in the south of France on the Riviera .
He ’s no fool . ”
“ This study is putting forward one of these arguments you hear regularly but with new window dressing , ” Gilman says .
“ Today , that dressing is genetics .
A hundred years ago , it was vitamins — as soon as they were discovered , everything was explained by a vitamin deficiency .
Cancer . Schizophrenia .
Hair loss . ”
He pauses .
“ Okay , not hair loss .
I made that up .
But you see my point . ”
So who , exactly , are these people who ’ve caused such a fuss ?
Harpending is certainly the more conventional of the two : a tenured professor , a respected population geneticist , and a member of the National Academy of Sciences , an organization to which few slouches are accidentally admitted .
When I speak to him on the phone , he sounds good - humored , cheerfully indifferent to academic niceties , and slightly bored .
“ I would n’t think of letting a grad student work on this , ” he says .
“ I ’m very senior .
I do n’t live off grants .
If I were running a lab , dependent on funding from the NIH , this would be the kiss of death . ”
What do his colleagues think of his work ?
“ They think it ’s probably right , ” he says .
“ But in public , their only reaction is a primate fear grimace . ”
But is that really the case ?
I ask Jorde what his colleagues in the Utah genetics lab thought of Harpending ’s study .
He answers with extreme tact .
“ Most of us work on very different kinds of things , ” he says .
“ It ’s really peripheral to our kinds of interests . ”
Cochran , however , is another matter .
He ’s a bit of a wild card , a fellow who has developed a knack for pushing unorthodox notions under the aegis of more mainstream intellectual patrons .
In the late nineties , he teamed up with a biologist at Amherst , Paul Ewald , to explore the possibility that many of the diseases we consider intractable are mere germs , which ultimately made them the subjects of a cover story in The Atlantic Monthly in 1999 .
( Their idea is less crazy than one might think ; for years , surgeons removed stomachs to get rid of ulcers , only to discover they were caused by … a germ . )
Cochran ’s latest kick , though , is population genetics .
Although Natural History of Ashkenazi Intelligence is written with a modicum of academic restraint , his independent essays , posted online , are much more freewheeling , and they betray a much more unsettling agenda : “ [ I ] f this is what I think it is , ” he writes , in an essay called “ Overclocking , ” the term programmers use to describe supercharging a computer ’s brain capacity by weakening it , “ all these Ashkenazi neurological diseases are hints of ways in which one could supercharge intelligence … so it seems likely that we could — if we wanted to — develop pharmaceutical agents that had similar effects . ”
To Cochran , in other words , Jews are the smart mice of history .
The Times , The Economist , and every other media outlet somehow missed this when they first reported that Cochran and Harpending ’s paper had been accepted for publication .
Or at least they chose not to report it .
Nor did they choose to report another interesting fact :
The Journal of Biosocial Science , though part of a family of Cambridge University Press publications , went by the name The Eugenics Review until 1968 .
“ This guy is not some proto - Zionist , ” says David Rothman .
It was Rothman ’s researcher , Nate Drummond , who shrewdly unearthed this information about Cochran .
“ What ’s driving him , as you read this , is bioengineering , not philo - Semitism . ”
So the plot thickens .
At one point , I ask Cochran if he ’s serious about studying Jews in order to create “ pharmaceutical agents ” for mankind ’s general intellectual enhancement .
Has he thought about taking this idea to pharmaceutical companies ?
“ I ’ve thought about it halfway seriously , ” he says , hesitating a bit .
“ I ’m probably not supposed to say .
Because let ’s say it happens .
Come patent time , I ’ll have told people . ”
So .
Is this study good for the Jews ?
I talk to Abe Foxman , legendary head of the Anti-Defamation League , whose life ’s mission is the pristine upkeep of the Jewish reputation .
His answer surprises me .
“ If it ’s a genetic condition , ” he says , “ it ’s not for us to embrace or reject .
It is what it is , and that ’s the way the genetic cookie crumbles . ”
I detect a note of pride in his voice .
Of course , I recognize that tone .
I ’ve heard it in my own voice from time to time .
When the site existed , I used to love poking around Jewhoo , a catalogue of prominent Jews in Western life .
Then , in the middle of a Google search one day , I stumbled across jewwatch.com and discovered that under one if its many rubrics —
Jewish Controlled Entertainment — was a nearly identical list .
Freud and Marx , Einstein and Bohr , Mendelssohn and Mahler .
The brothers Gershwin .
The brothers Marx .
Woody Allen .
Bob Dylan .
Franz Kafka .
Claude Lévi-Strauss .
Bobby Fischer .
Jews may take tremendous pride in their aristocracy , but we fetishize it at our own peril ; to suggest that we ’re chosen , rather than that we make our own choices , curdles quickly into a useful argument for anti-Semites who ’d love to claim that the objects of their derision are immutable vermin .
It ca n’t be an accident that the most aggressive debunkers of Jewish essentialism , including the participants in this story , are generally Jews themselves .
The arguments come in handy when the ugly stuff is trotted out , too .
Personally , I ’m always struck by how many Jews confess to a certain ambivalence about the volume and visibility of their accomplishments , as if there were something slightly vulgar or shameful about them .
The friend who introduced me to Jewhoo confided that a friend of his , also Jewish , kept a list of Jews he wished were not .
I realized I kept the same mental list .
( Andy Fastow , the crook from Enron , is currently No. 1 . )
A few years ago , I myself lunged for the easy joke when a non-Jewish friend asked what I did the summer I attended — for one miserable season only , I ’d like to stress — Jewish summer camp .
Oh , I told him .
More or less what you ’d expect .
Banking lessons rather than canoeing , moot court rather than color wars .
Recently , I also found myself quoting — with relish — Sarah Silverman ’s reaction to being taken to task by a watchdog group for using the word chink in her stand - up : “ As a Jew , I ’m really , really nervous we ’re losing control of the media .
” Perhaps one of the most subtle , insidious things about Cochran and Harpending ’s study is how it plays off a bias privately held by many Jews themselves — that the Ashkenazim are in fact intellectual superiors , and the Sephardim , originally from the Iberian Peninsula , are the handlers , the shylocks , the merchants of 47th Street .
Q : How do you tell the difference between an Ashkenazi and a Sephardi ?
A : Show him a chessboard .
This , even though Maimonides , arguably the most influential Jewish thinker to ever live , was a Sephardi , and the Sephardim have a perfectly dazzling intellectual history of their own .
From the eighth to the eleventh centuries , Spanish Jews served in the courts , served as doctors to the caliphs , and translated all manner of texts , converting Greek and Hebrew into Arabic , and Arabic into Romance languages .
Yet in America , that sense of otherness , which for so long has served as a kind of incentive to strive and achieve , may be dissipating .
“ I ’m no demographer , but I think what ’s happened in the U.S. is the normalization of the Jew , ” says Leon Botstein , who , as the president of Bard College , has seen all sorts of students cross his field of vision .
“ They ’ve become as complacent and culturally undistinguished as the average , suburban , white middle - class American . ”
And maybe that ’s the price we pay for our current freedoms .
Not , as Seinfeld or Larry David might say , that there ’s anything wrong with that .
The Politico is reporting that Fran Townsend , former Homeland Security Adviser , is joining her buddy Tony Snow as a contributor to CNN .
PERRspectives :
Politico is reporting that President Bush 's former homeland security adviser and current intelligence advisory board member Fran Townsend is joining CNN as a contributor .
Joining former White House press secretary Tony Snow as the second Bush sycophant to join the network in the last two weeks , Townsend 's addition is apparently designed to help make CNN the " right choice " during its election ' 08 coverage .
While George W. Bush may be most disliked President in modern American history , his one - time mouthpieces are very popular at CNN indeed .
Yes , they certainly are .
You know , I 'm not afraid of conservative voices on the air , but I 'm curious where is CNN 's responsibility to provide thoughtful voices on the left ?
Especially when they make a point of including someone only too happy to pimp White House talking points like this one , upon her departure from Homeland Security .
Download Download
Is Paul Begala to be the only voice of the left on CNN ?
UPDATE FOR SMU PETITION SIGNERS May 22 , 2008
I am Andrew J. Weaver , organizer of the petition at www.protectSMU.org and an ordained United Methodist clergyman and research psychologist .
I am a graduate of Southern Methodist University ( SMU ) and live in New York City .
There are over 11,900 petition signers from every state and ten nations .
Thank you for your support
Contributors to our legal fund have all given permission to use their donations to design and implement a professional educational and advocacy campaign opposing the Bush institute at SMU .
The campaign will seek to raise public awareness during the next several weeks about plans to create a partisan institute having no oversight by the university and being planned under the guidance of Bush political operative Karl Rove .
Our goal is to persuade South Central Jurisdiction delegates to reject the SMU / Bush foundation lease proposal when they meet in Dallas at the Hilton Anatole Hotel , July 15 - 19 .
We will also seek to convince the “ court of public opinion ”  through the media that the SMU - Bush linkage is injurious to both SMU and the United Methodist Church ( UMC ) that owns the university .
The campaign will entail an intensive public relations effort incorporating print , internet , fax , radio , TV and advertising .
It will include designing and uploading a high - quality website with blog and interactive capability .
It will also involve creating and circulating a media kit for print and broadcast distribution as well as a quality delegate information kit .
The campaign is being designed and implemented by P&S Associates of Maine LLC ( PSA ) , publication and communications specialists whose CEO is Stephen Swecker .
Mr. Swecker is a United Methodist clergyman and award - winning religious journalist and editor .
PSA provides publication services for The Progressive Christian ( recently named North America ’s best general interest religious magazine by the Associated Church Press ) and United Methodist NeXus , an online newsletter and recipient of ACP ’s Award of Merit .
If you wish to make a donation to the educational and advocacy campaign fund , please send it to Rev. Bob Weathers , 2420 Willington Avenue , Fort Worth , Texas 76110 .
Rev. Weathers is a highly regarded member of the Central Texas Conference and a former District Superintendent .
Please make checks to “ Protect SMU Fund . ” 
The more money we have available , the more robust the campaign can be .
Growing the Petition
Finally , please continue to encourage your friends and colleagues to sign the petition .
Each name is important .
We need to tell officials of the UMC at every level that we find that a partisan institute honoring George W. Bush at SMU to be “ utterly unacceptable . ” 
With best regards ,
Rev. Andrew J. Weaver , Ph.D .
P.S. Links to more Information on the SMU Bush Project :
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2008/2/1/21101/89550/470/448029
www.usnews.com/blogs/faith-matters/2008/2/4/tempest-in-a-texas-teapot.html
http://bushlibraryblog.wordpress.com/2007/04/23/dallas-historian-reflects-on-bush-complex-debate-smu-history/
http://bushlibraryblog.wordpress.com/2007/02/22/nebraska-history-professor-weighs-in-on-smus-stature-and-the-bush-complex/
http://www.dallasobserver.com/2007-02-08/news/w-and-us/
http://bushlibraryblog.wordpress.com/2007/03/14/report-on-methodist-council-meeting/
http://bushlibraryblog.files.wordpress.com/2007/03/mccrossenpresentation.ppt
http://media.www.smudailycampus.com/media/storage/paper949/news/2007/03/02/Opinion/A.Gulf.Between.Institutions-2753825.shtml
" Whole cities of pain .
A continent of pain , " said the great , if eccentric , Wall Street money dealer Jim Cramer recently .
He was talking about the economic pain spreading across the United States , of course .
Until recently , the pain of the US housing market had not spread to our own fair land .
Much of the economic data here has been , if anything , surprisingly healthy .
But such figures are generally backward - looking and often look fine until suddenly they do n't .
Last week we saw a dramatic escalation in pain levels as one mortgage lender after another either withdrew home loans or raised the interest rates .
The chart shows the growing divergence between the Bank of England 's official rate and interbank Libor rates that explains this .
This is the most concrete evidence to date that the esoteric " credit crunch " has moved out of the so - called " interbank money markets " and into the consciousness and pockets of the British people .
The Co-op Bank and First Direct said they had to shut their doors to new business because house buyers were deluging them with requests for favourable mortgage terms .
Many who bought a two - bed flat in a city centre anywhere in Britain are now finding they can't afford the mortgage repayments and the value of the property is dropping fast .
Perhaps Cramer should take a trip across the Atlantic to see more cities groaning under the pain .
Britons are also carrying record levels of debt .
Figures last week showed a surprise jump in unsecured lending in February , mostly overdrafts .
A sign of continued consumer confidence , you might say .
But it looks more as if consumers faced with greater difficulty in raising mortgage finance have simply let their overdrafts take the strain : it is a sure sign of consumers under stress .
That makes sense when survey after survey has been showing consumer confidence is very weak and people 's intentions of making a major purchase are vanishing .
No wonder private car sales are dropping .
Ernst &
Young , the consultants , have warned that dealerships face a year of struggle .
The Bank of England 's credit conditions survey last week showed banks expect lending conditions to get worse , signalling more trouble ahead .
The economy has sailed resiliently through many shocks over the past 15 years , from the Asian crisis in the late - 1990s to the dotcom bust of the early noughties .
But it has not been hit by anything like this credit calamity for a very long time , if ever .
This is the big one .
The idea that we can escape the impact of what is happening in America is just wishful thinking .
There was some optimism in financial markets last week that the worst of the credit crunch might be over .
These are the same markets that failed to predict the credit crunch and are the root cause of this misery , so their opinion , frankly , is not worth much .
Housing bubble
The reality is that the economy has been pumped up and up in the past decade by the cheap and easy availability of credit .
Now it is neither cheap nor plentiful and the fallout is hurting .
For one thing the housing market bubble - in a way we knew all along it was a bubble - has been pricked and is starting to deflate rapidly .
House prices are not going to drift quietly sideways over the next few years while average earnings catch up .
They are going to fall sharply .
I would be surprised if they do n't fall by a quarter or more over the next two years .
It is not just about the supply of credit , it is about mentality - the fear and greed syndrome .
Who would buy a property , even if they could get a mortgage , if they thought they could wait another year and pay , say , 10 % less ?
Estate agents report they have stacks of properties for sale but simply can't shift them .
So supply is plentiful and demand has dried up .
In most markets , that means prices fall .
Why should the housing market be different ?
Already , the construction sector has nose - dived , as witnessed by two surveys of the sector that came out last week .
The much bigger services sector , too , looks as if it is running into trouble , according to a survey by the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply last week .
The service sector is about two - thirds of the economy and has looked robust until now .
Financial services employment has fallen sharply .
The data is turning down .
All of which brings us to the policy response .
What can the Bank of England do about interest rates ?
The growing risks to growth would normally call for sharp cuts in interest rates , following the Federal Reserve in the United States .
The Fed has cut from 5.25 % last autumn to just 2.25 % now .
The Bank of England has been much more cautious , cutting from 5.75 % to 5.25 % .
Part of the reason is that , until now at least , the British economy had held up well .
But the other key element , as the Bank 's executive director , Paul Tucker , said last week , is that the monetary policy committee is not prepared to let the " inflationary genie " out of the bottle .
He hinted that slow , gradual rate cuts were in the committee 's mind rather than Fed - style emergency cuts .
Inflation
Inflation has been pushed up to 2.5 % - above its 2 % target - by rising food and energy prices and is likely to rise quite a bit further .
Tucker acknowledged that a sharp slowdown in the economy would also put the brakes on inflation but it was not clear by how much .
But these are strange times for the MPC .
In the face of such a shock to the economy as this credit crunch , it has to be wondered whether any of its forecasting models are of any use .
Models often use past performance to predict what might happen .
But the past 15 years have been so stable for British growth and inflation that most models are likely to forecast that it will simply carry on .
That is very unlikely , which means in turn that interest rates could be left too high for too long , just as happened in the US .
The rate cuts implemented by the Bank of England have probably already been cancelled out by the rising market interest rates that have pushed mortgage costs up .
So interest rates are likely to be slowing the economy down , rather than boosting it .
The MPC is also conscious that for years , inflation was steady around the 2 % target as high domestic inflation was offset by very low foreign inflation thanks to the strong pound and cheap Chinese imports .
But now , rising world food and energy prices , combined with a falling pound , mean imported inflation has risen .
The implication of that is that domestic inflation will have to be much lower in the coming years than in the past decade .
In turn , that means the economy will have to be run more slowly to keep domestic inflation in check .
That 's why Tucker said last week that the MPC wanted to see some slack develop in the economy .
But the risk is that the economy might slow much more sharply than the MPC is expecting , possibly even follow the US into a recession .
In the face of such downside risks , which look to be much bigger than the upside risks to inflation , rates need to be cut , and fast , starting this week .
There may not be much time .
The pain is real , it is time to get the aspirin out .
ashley.seager@theguardian.com
we taught them everything they know
April 3 , 2008 by lestro
by lestro
Well , we ’ve done a heckuva job in Iraq and have obviously trained the Iraqi leadership to the absolute best of our leadership ’s abilities , as apparent by the Iraqi push into Basra last week that stirred up the Mahdi army :
… interviews with a wide range of American and military officials also suggest that Mr. Maliki overestimated his military ’s abilities and underestimated the scale of the resistance .
The Iraqi prime minister also displayed an impulsive leadership style that did not give his forces or that of his most powerful allies , the American and British military , time to prepare .
“ He went in with a stick and he poked a hornet ’s nest , and the resistance he got was a little bit more than he bargained for , ” said one official in the multinational force in Baghdad who requested anonymity .
“ They went in with 70 percent of a plan .
Sometimes that ’s enough .
This time it was n’t . ”
As the Iraqi military and civilian casualties grew and the Iraqi planning appeared to be little more than an improvisation , the United States mounted an intensive military and political effort to try to turn around the situation , according to accounts by Mr. Crocker and several American military officials in Baghdad and Washington who spoke on condition of anonymity .
A leader with good intentions and bad advice who went lumbering into a battle with no exit strategy and a vastly underestimated sense of the insurgency that was waiting for them ?
why does that sound familiar ?
oh yeah .
But the comparisons do n’t end there .
It seem that top advisers to the prime minister told Maliki he would need more troops and better planning , but like another impetuous world leader who always thinks he knows what ’s best ( despite what even his generals tell him ) , Maliki opted to go it alone :
“ It was a unilateral decision by Maliki , ” said an American official familiar with the session .
“ It was a fait accompli . ” …
But if Mr. Maliki was determined to act , General Petraeus advised him not to rush into a fight without carefully sizing up the situation and making adequate preparations , the official said .
No wonder President Bush called him “ the right guy for Iraq … ”
By Damian Jones
Radio 1 music reporter
Dave Grohl said the second night at Wembley was his greatest ever show
Foo Fighters were joined onstage by members of Led Zeppelin as they wrapped up their second night at Wembley Stadium .
Guitarist Jimmy Page and bassist John Paul Jones teamed up with Dave Grohl and his band for Zeppelin classics Rock and Roll and Ramble On .
The collaboration was Zeppelin 's first appearance since the band played a one - off gig in December 2007 .
It also came eight months after Queen joined Foo Fighters onstage in London .
Introducing the pair onstage Grohl said : " Tonight playing here at Wembley Stadium is an honour and if we did n't take advantage of this opportunity we'd be crazy .
He went on : " We knew from the beginning this was n't going to be another outdoor show , we have been planning this for six months so we would like to welcome Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones onstage . "
The Foo Fighters frontman took over stick duties while drummer Taylor Hawkins sang vocals on Rock And Roll for Zeppelin 's first appearance since their London 02 Arena gig in December 2007 .
Grohl then swapped places with Hawkins for a crowd pleasing rendition of Ramble On .
' Something special '
The collaboration came just eight months after members of Queen joined the Foo Fighters onstage at the 02 for a cover of 39 .
Earlier in the night Grohl hinted that the band had something special planned when he told the crowd : " We are going to do something special tonight that we have never done before .
" Tonight this will be the show we are talking about for the next 20 years . "
Dave Grohl struts the catwalk during their second night at Wembley
Like their previous performance on 6 June the band played on a rotating stage and a huge catwalk which Grohl took advantage of during debut album track This Is A Call when he strutted the whole stage for an extended guitar solo .
Grohl later introduced four extra members onstage for an acoustic section which featured the likes of Skin And Bones , Marigold and Big Me , which finally gave fans at the back of the stadium chance to see the band for the first time .
During My
Hero the whole of the stadium belted out the words which Grohl later acknowledged as he joked : " 86,000 back up singers , nice , perfect pitch . "
As the band wrapped up the show with Best Of You he was visibly overcome with emotion as he told the crowd : " Welcome to the greatest day of my whole entire life .
" At this point there is only thing left to do , sing a song together as loud as you can . "
Setlist :
The Pretender
Times Like These
No Way Back
Cheer Up Boys Your Make Up Is Running
Learn To Fly
This Is A Call
Long Road To Ruin
Breakout
Stacked Actors
Skin And Bones
Big Me
Marigold
My Hero
Cold Day In The Sun
Let It Die
Everlong
Monkey Wrench
All My Life
Encore :
OIL briefly reached another record on Tuesday May 6th as West Texas Intermediate traded at over $ 122 a barrel for the first time .
Ten years ago a barrel fetched around $ 15 .
The feeble dollar , soaring demand and supply constraints have all helped to push up prices by 25 % in the past four months alone .
And there is little sign of respite for worried governments and consumers .
This week Goldman Sachs , a bank , predicted that oil could reach $ 200 a barrel before the end of the year .
Corbis
The rise of sneaky software
In the old days , as our parents frequently love to remind us , life was much simpler .
You bought a computer , and when you finally figured out what you wanted to do with it , you assembled a list and went down to your local Egghead for some software .
It was straightforward , if time - consuming .
All this changed when personal computers started hooking up to the Internet .
Suddenly , software authors could deliver their wares to people all over the world , quickly , with negligible distribution cost .
Unfortunately , reliable methods of payment had n't quite been figured out yet , and most Internet users expected to download software for free .
In the heady days of the dot com boom , many software companies were happy enough to give out free software and trust that the money would somehow arrive later , magically ( some , like the authors of WinAmp , would live to see this happen when their company was bought by America Online ) .
Other companies released trial or demo copies of their software which could be unlocked for a fee .
Still other organizations decided that the best way to make money from free software was to be sneaky — give away something for free that appeared to do something useful but , in the background , do something tricky that would generate revenue for the software 's authors .
This sneaky something could be displaying ads that the user did not request , hijacking a web browser 's start page or search engine , or scanning the user 's personal surfing habits and selling the results to the highest bidder .
Malware was born .
From malware to grayware
At first , this category of software was called malware , a contraction of " malicious software , " to distinguish it from the age - old viruses and trojans that had been around since Elk Cloner first cheekily copied itself to Apple ] [ users ' floppy disks in 1982 .
Anti-virus software was slow to recognize the presence of this type of malware , and it was up to other companies to produce utilities to clean it up .
Back in 2004 ( remember when that seemed like such a futuristic year ? ) ,
Ars published a comprehensive guide to malware and how to remove it .
The guide noted that there were five major types of malware :
Adware : programs that displayed ads that the user did not want
Spyware : programs that sniffed out the user 's surfing habits
Hijackers : programs that changed elements of the user 's browser
Toolbars : programs that added themselves to the user 's browser to perform adware , spyware , or hijacking tasks
Dialers : programs that used a dial - up modem to call 1-900 numbers and make someone else a lot of money
Four years later , things have changed .
Anti-virus companies have grown wise to the threat of these types of software , and the term " malware " is now commonly used to describe all types of malicious software : self - replicating viruses , network - aware worms , attractive but deadly trojans , as well as programs that spew unwanted ads or that spy on the user .
A new term was required to distinguish between programs that were purely malicious and those that offered some service but secretly did something else .
The new term was grayware , an apt description given the legal gray area these programs inhabit .
Living in a fuzzy zone between pure maliciousness and genuine utility , grayware continues to thrive , and like the fuzzy mold from a science fiction novel , it is growing at an alarming rate .
At times , the terms get even more fuzzy , because grayware " vendors " ( who still try to maintain an air of legitimacy ) are not above using trojans and viruses in order to force the installation of their software against the user 's will .
There are four main vectors of attack that grayware companies use :
Offer the program as a useful utility that is a free download
Tell the user that they have to download the grayware program ( often a browser plug - in ) in order to view a web site
Bundle the grayware application with another " free " program that users might want ( this is common with P2P apps )
Attempt to " force - feed " the installation of the grayware via an exploit of the user 's web browser
It is the latter technique that blurs the line between grayware and traditional malicious software , and it is only this method that can be thwarted by keeping one 's computer up - to - date with all the latest security patches .
The other three methods are user - initiated , and as such , are not preventable by technological means .
Collectively , grayware ( adware , spyware , and dialers ) now comprises 38.1 percent of all malicious software , according to the most recent report from Panda Labs , a computer security research firm .
Due to the rapidly - declining installed base of dial - up modem users , the percentage of " rogue dialers " continues to shrink , but other forms of grayware are flourishing .
CNOOC Chairman & Chief Executive Yu Fu Chengyu attends a news conference announcing the company 's annual results in Hong Kong March 27 , 2008 .
CNOOC is zeroing in on five refineries in eastern China for possible acquisitions as the offshore oil and gas specialist pushes ahead on downstream expansion plans , a Chinese paper reported .
REUTERS / Bobby Yip
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese state oil firm CNOOC is zeroing in on five refineries in eastern China for possible acquisitions as the offshore oil and gas specialist pushes ahead on downstream expansion plans , a Chinese paper reported .
CNOOC has identified five plants as targets and is eying two more bigger plants to set up a refining base of more than 200,000 barrels per day in eastern province of Shandong , The Economic Observer said on Sunday .
The potential acquisitions are in parallel with CNOOC ’s plans to start its first wholly - owned major refinery in southern China this October , as the company seeks establish itself as China ’s third - largest refiner .
The targeted local plants are Fuhai Group , Kenli Petrochemical Company , Zhonghai Chemical , HaiKe Group and Shandong Shida Technology Group , each with processing capacity of 20,000 - 40,000 bpd , said the paper , without providing estimates on investment .
CNOOC is also looking at two bigger plants in Shandong each of 110,000 bpd capacity , and discussions were under way , said the paper .
“ As the domestic Chinese fuel prices lag behind international markets and as the country frequently suffers from fuel shortage , it ’s a best chance to acquire local refineries , ” the paper quoted CNOOC ’s spokesman Liu Junshan as saying .
Shandong boasts more than a third of China ’s independent refining capacity , but most refiners there have been operating severely under capacity in the past few years , squeezed by record prices of feedstock -- mainly imported fuel oil -- and rigidly capped domestic fuel prices .
CNOOC , parent of CNOOC Ltd 0883 .HK , will leverage its main offshore oil operations , which will provide its refineries access to cheap crude and income when downstream margins are slim with crude price hovering above $ 100 a barrel .
The oil refining and fuel marketing businesses of the world 's second - largest consumer have long been dominated by Sinopec Corp 0386.HK and PetroChina 0857 .HK .
As we 're getting closer to release Firefox 3 ( in June ) , I 'm often asked why should people switch from their existing browser , which was bundled with their PC .
The short answer is that their old browser is obsolete , and I genuinely mean this .
But this leaves too little space for people to really understand the actual benefits of using Firefox 3 .
So I whipped up the following list :
Ten reasons to choose Firefox 3 over your obsolete browser
Safer browsing
1 - Proven security track record , with more frequent , transparent updates , so that you use a safer browser
2 - malware protection to be protected against unwanted downloads such as viruses and trojan horses
Better browsing , with thousands of improvements
3 - Awesome bar , so that you can find places you 've been before with a couple of keystrokes
4 - " Save on exit " so that when you launch Firefox , you 're immediately ready to surf , with last windows and tabs open
5 - Remember passwords without a dialog box , so that you decide to save the password after you 've logged - in
6 - New download manager , users can pause a download and resume it later , with a search box to easily retrieve previous downloads
7 - Customizable : change the look and feel ( themes ) and add features ( extensions ) to Firefox through the built - in add - ons manager .
More than 5,000 community - built extensions are available for free !
Better performance
8 - Fastest on complex
Web applications , such as GMail so you are more comfortable , even on old machines
9 - Uses less memory than any other browser , so you 'll get more mileage out of your computer
10 - Moving the Web forward by supporting advanced Web standards so that the Web keeps evolving and benefits users in the long term .
I tried to sneak in the Open - Source / Free / Libre concept in here , but as I try to stay as concrete as possible , I found it hard to make clear in a few words why this was directly benefitting users ...
International Forecaster Weekly A newsletter for economic news , global trends , politics , money , and investment .
Published on Wednesdays and Saturdays for subscribers .
Get a free sample of our full issue , or Subscribe today .
Can Big Bank Money Laundering Be Stopped ?
And , If So , How ?
Guest Writer , September 26 2020
He warned the two U.S. officials of a " contagion " - with the implication being close one bank and the whole economy could suffer .
What happened ?
Federal prosecutors stood down .
Read More
Trading the Election Bob Rinear , September 16 2020
We could see huge draw downs , and equally huge explosions to the upside .
Unless you ’re a very nimble trader , sitting it out could be your best play .
Just sayin… Read More
Periods Bob Rinear , September 12 2020
I do n’t know if it ’s the chemicals from the contrails , or the fluoride in our water , or what , but there ’s a level of bizarre raging across our nation the likes of I could never have dreamed .
Read More
New York City ’s Spending Problem Guest Writer , September 9 2020
Indeed , the burden of government spending has climbed more than three times faster than inflation during De Blasio ’s time in office .
If this story sounds familiar , that ’s because excessive spending is the cause of every fiscal crisis .
Read More
Fed Changing Policy on Inflation and Unemployment Guest Writer , August 29 2020 ... monetary policy still operates under the existing assumption that such a tradeoff - i.e. , a strong labor market and stable prices - actually exists .
Read More
Stock Splits Bob Rinear , August 26 2020 ... immediately post split , stocks can become volatile , or just trade sideways for a bit , or actually take a hit , or soar higher .
Read More
I said Civil War , This Guy Says Revolution Bob Rinear , August 15 2020 ... the revolutionaries lack a sufficiently malicious counterforce to justify their loathing ...
Read More
Gold Stuff Bob Rinear , August 1 2020
There ’s a hundred places to buy a safe , and a million prices .
But if you ’re like me , you want the most value for the money you spend .
Read More
The Metals Bob Rinear , July 25 2020 Read More
Will the Federal Reserve Cause the Next Riots ?
Guest Writer , July 15 2020
A coming crisis will likely be triggered by a collapse in the dollar ’s value and a rejection of the dollar ’s world reserve currency status .
Read More
UN Declares Peace on Earth !
James Corbett , July 8 2020
But of course the UN Security Council is not interested in ending these threats to humanity .
It is not interested in a peace which means that humanity is free from the clutches of the governments that seek to track , trace , control and sanction their every movement .
Read More
The Reset Bob Rinear , July 1 2020
My guess is that we ARE going down to test that level .
Whether it holds or not is anyone ’s guess .
But the play right now , is totally defensive .
Read More
Musings Bob Rinear , June 24 2020 ... do n’t wait for a loved one to pass before going down memory lane .
Do it while they ’re still here .
Enjoy the memories together .
It ’s a welcome break from the madness of this current world .
Read More
The Great Withdrawal James Corbett , June 20 2020
And while no one of these stories itself amounts to an End of the Empire moment , taken together they point definitively to the tectonic change that is coming .
Read More
Illegal US Sanctions War on Russia ’s Nord Stream 2 Gas Pipeline Stephen Lendman , June 17 2020 Unacceptable policies supported by the Trump regime and most congressional members threaten to fracture US relations with countries like Germany .
Read More
Title Case
Here ’s one of the little tools I ’ve written to help publish DF which I ’ve never gotten around to sharing : an ostensibly clever script for converting text to title case .
I use it to standardize the capitalization of Linked List headlines , for example .
Here ’s the source code .
[ Update , 13 August 2008 : Thanks to Aristotle Pagaltzis , the script has now been improved in several ways .
See here for details . ]
It ’s a Perl script , so save it as a text file and you can use it anywhere where Perl works .
I use it as a system - wide service ( with the shortcut Command - Shift - T ) via Jesper ’s excellent ( and free ) This Service utility .
It ’s pretty easy to write a non-clever title - casing function .
The simplest way is to just capitalize the first letter of every word .
That ’s not right , though , because it ’ll leave you with capitalized small words like if , in , of , on , etc .
What you want is something that not only knows not to capitalize such words , but will un-capitalize them if they ’re erroneously capitalized in the input .
So , some of the cleverness in this script :
It knows about small words that should not be capitalized .
Not all style guides use the same list of words — for example , many lowercase with , but I do not .
The list of words is easily modified to suit your own taste / rules : my @small_words = qw ( a an and as at but by en for if in of on or the to v[ . ] ? via vs [ . ] ? ) ;
( The only trickery here is that “ v ” and “ vs ” include optional dots , expressed in regex syntax . )
The script assumes that words with capitalized letters other than the first character are already correctly capitalized .
This means it will leave a word like “ iTunes ” alone , rather than mangling it into “ ITunes ” or , worse , “ Itunes ” .
It also skips over any words with line dots ; “ example.com ” and “ del.icio.us ” will remain lowercase .
It has hard - coded hacks specifically to deal with odd cases I ’ve run into , like “ AT&T ” and “ Q&A ” , both of which contain small words ( at and a ) which normally should be lowercase .
The first and last word of the title are always capitalized , so input such as “ Nothing to be afraid of ” will be turned into “ Nothing to Be Afraid Of ” .
A small word after a colon will be capitalized .
Here ’s a small list of edge cases that the script handles .
The source code itself is , uh , rather convoluted , to say the least .
It ’s one of those pieces of code that started small and simple , and grew ugly over time as edge cases were worked around one at a time .
I ’ve been using this script for years , but have put off publishing it on the grounds that it looks like the sort of punctuation - riddled code that gives Perl phobics the heebie - jeebies .
But it works , so screw it , here it is .
Sometimes having Pooh on your ass is n’t a result of bad Mexican food
May 1 , 2008 by deaconloadz
by loadz
I ’m not necessarily against marketing underwear emblazoned with Disney characters to youth so much as I ’m opposed to the placement of the Pooh .
I mean really .
Disney also had this to say about the Miley Cyrus naked back photo :
“ Unfortunately , as the article suggests , a situation was created to deliberately manipulate a 15 - year - old in order to sell magazines , ” a network statement said .
As opposed to deliberately manipulating young teens to sell Winnie the Pooh panties , of course .
Photo courtesy of the classy people at TMZ.com .
Almost cut my hair
It happened just the other day
I have been having vivid flashes from the past .
My hair was getting very long .
My last haircut was just before Christmas in New York City .
It 's an annual trip , my niece gets her hair colored , and I get my hair cut by a stylist who does his / her best to restore my mane to some semblance of order and fashion .
Recently , my long hair blowing in the wind ( it was n't that long , but standing on the ocean shore , oxygen deprived from a long bike ride , you get the picture ) I was telling a retired schoolteacher about my days back in the 60's as a student demonstrator .
She corrected my grammar !
It 's gettin kinda long
I coulda said it was n't in my way
But it was !
It bothered me whenever I rode my bike .
I had it all cut off except a little on the top .
I look like a dorky Trapist monk .
I did it , I cut my hair and I do n't wonder why .
I feel like letting my freak flag fly
Cause I feel like I owe it to someone
This past weekend , Spring had sprung , in Falmouth , MA .
Mother Nature was the star , although the revolutionary heritage of Old New England was evident .
I had the chance to speak to members of the FalmouthPeace .
Org , an outgrowth of the Falmouth Antiwar Vigil , which works to end the occupation of Iraq .
It seeks to raise awareness locally , by : " Standing For Peace " .
Each Saturday members gather in East Falmouth to express concern for the enormity of the Iraq War , as well as to provide possible solutions to our national predicament .
The woman in the pink coat holding the white bag , Joan I believe , is the founder of the group .
After listening to me babble about my college days , she asked me if I wanted to take a sign and " stand for peace " .
Here was a chance to let my freak flag fly !
I declined , I had already cut my hair .
My brothers were waiting for me .
I am no longer the man I was back when I was no more than a child .
Cause I feel like I owe it to someone .
You may enjoy reading : The Food Bank recently got a letter from a key vendor .
I am by no means ready to die !
So , with that fact established , let 's begin at the beginning :
See links for all the Genesis posts to date : Genesis Through My Eyes
In my not too distant past , if I were to see a street person , a bum , sleeping in a door front or on a park bench , I would have kept my distance and perhaps shrugged my shoulders . :
He had the " smarts " to ask someone where to go , I did n't
Waldo County , situated in mid-coast Maine along scenic Penobscot Bay , has genuine New England character evidenced by working port towns and quaint rural villages .
Visitors are awed by the area 's unspoiled beauty .
From striking coastal views to sweeping mountain vistas , dramatic natural settings abound .
In addition great care has been taken to preserve and refurbish numerous historic landmarks , homes and buildings .
Consequently , the Maine of yesteryear is still found here .
Stumble It !
web blog : Time Less Images
web blog : Epicurean Health
web blog : Timeless Snippets
Food security and the rapid rise in food prices make up the " elephant in the room " that politicians must face up to quickly , according to the government 's new chief scientific adviser .
In his first major speech since taking over , Professor John Beddington said the global rush to grow biofuels was compounding the problem , and cutting down rainforest to produce biofuel crops was " profoundly stupid " .
He told the Govnet Sustainable Development UK Conference in Westminster : " There is progress on climate change .
But out there is another major problem .
It is very hard to imagine how we can see a world growing enough crops to produce renewable energy and at the same time meet the enormous increase in the demand for food which is quite properly going to happen as we alleviate poverty . "
He predicted that price rises in staples such as rice , maize and wheat would continue because of increased demand caused by population growth and increasing wealth in developing nations .
He also said that climate change would lead to pressure on food supplies because of decreased rainfall in many areas and crop failures related to climate .
" The agriculture industry needs to double its food production , using less water than today , " he said .
The food crisis would bite more quickly than climate change , he added .
But he reserved some of his most scathing comments for the biofuel industry , which he said had delivered a " major shock " to world food prices .
" In terms of biofuels there has been , quite properly , a reaction against it , " he said .
" There are real problems with unsustainability . "
Biofuel production is due to increase hugely in the next 15 years .
The US plans to produce 30bn gallons of biofuels by 2022 - which will mean trebling maize production .
The EU has a target for biofuels to make up 5.75 % of transport fuels by 2010 .
But Beddington said it was vital that biofuels were grown sustainably .
" Some of the biofuels are hopeless .
The idea that you cut down rainforest to actually grow biofuels seems profoundly stupid . "
Before taking over the chief scientist post from Sir David King nine weeks ago , Beddington was professor of applied population biology at Imperial College London .
He is an expert on the sustainable use of renewable resources .
Hilary Benn , the environment secretary , said at the conference that the world 's population was expected to grow from 6.2bn today to 9.5bn in less than 50 years ' time .
" How are we going to feed everybody ? " he asked .
Beddington said that in the short term , development and increasing wealth would add to the food crisis .
" Once you move to [ an income of ] between £ 1 a day and £ 5 a day you get an increase in demand for meat and dairy products ... and that generates a demand for additional grain . "
Above £ 5 a day , people begin to demand processed and packaged food , which entails greater energy use .
About 2.7bn people in the world live on less than £ 1 a day .
There would also be increases at the higher end of the wage scale , he said .
At present there are 350 m households on £ 8,000 a year .
That is projected to increase to 2.1bn by 2030 .
" It 's tremendous good news .
You are seeing a genuine prediction from the World Bank that poverty alleviation is actually working . "
But he cautioned that the increased purchasing power would lead to greater pressure on food supplies .
Global grain stores are currently at the lowest levels ever , just 40 days from running out .
" I am only nine weeks into the job , so do n't yet have all the answers , but it is clear that science and research to increase the efficiency of agricultural production per unit of land is critical . "
Beddington 's in - tray
Animal diseases
Surveillance for bird flu , foot and mouth disease , bovine TB , bluetongue and others will need to be maintained .
Nuclear power
The chief scientist will have a key role in implementing the policy to plug the energy gap when existing power stations reach the end of their lives .
Severn barrage
The government is reviewing the feasibility of a tidal barrage in the Severn estuary which could provide 5 % of the country 's energy needs .
GM crops
Senior government sources hinted last year that they wanted to expand the planting of GM crops .
UK astronauts
The government has all but closed the door on the prospect of a UK astronaut corps in the near future .
But there is still a strong lobby for it from some scientists as a way to enthuse the public about science .
ARVADA , Colo . ( AP )  Police in a Colorado town are searching for two robbers whose masks showed plenty of fashion sense but little modesty : women 's thong underwear .
A surveillance video released this week by police in Arvada , Colo. , shows two unarmed men inside the convenience store .
They stole an undisclosed amount of cash and cigarettes in the robbery May 16 .
One man wore a green thong and the other wore blue .
Each thong barely covered the man 's nose , mouth and chin and left the rest of his face exposed .
One also wore a pink backpack in which he stuffed the stolen items .
The suspects also wore T - shirts and pants and were described as in their 20s .
One had a left arm tattoo .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Advertisements
Senate Democrats and Republicans alike called on President Bush to stop buying 70,000 barrels of oil a day at $ 120 a barrel to fill the Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
The Senate voted 97 - 1 to stop buying oil for the reserve until the end of the year .
Sen. Byron Dorgan ( D - ND ) said , “ Right now , the Bush Administration is putting nearly 70 thousand barrels of oil underground in the SPR every single day , which puts upward pressure on gas prices .
At a time when gas prices are nearing $ 4 a gallon and oil is over $ 120 per barrel , it makes no sense to be taking oil out of our supply chain , especially when the Reserve is 97 percent full . ”
The Ranking Republican member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee , Sen. Pete Domenici ( R - NM ) said , “ This bill says that we can start taking advantage of the billions of barrels of domestic oil that we are not using and begin to reverse the cycle of dependence on foreign oil . ”
Advertisements
As usual the White House opposes this bill .
Yesterday Press Secretary Dana Perino said , “ But the President has — believes that we need an even larger Strategic Petroleum Reserve in order to protect ourselves against oil shocks , such as , like I mentioned , instability that might happen in a country around the world .
So the SPR that we — the SPR fill that we have now is one - tenth of one percent of daily supply .
So it would have a negligible impact on gas prices .
But we know that there are a lot of members of Congress who are interested in this idea .
We ’ll see what they send — or if they ’re able to pass any legislation and send it to us .
But we do n’t believe that it would have a big enough impact on prices for anybody to really notice . ”
The White House is correct in saying that this action wo n’t help the consumer , but what it will do is save the American taxpayer money .
Why is the United States government still buying 70,000 barrels of oil a day when the price is a ridiculous $ 120 a barrel ?
This is a colossal waste of tax payer funds .
The reserve is 97 % full , so I think we can take 6 months off from buying oil to stick in the ground .
English blog
Dokan ( Windows 版FUSE ) が、昨日、オープンソー ス( LGPL ) になりました ！
http://decas-dev.net/2008/05/26/open-source-dokan-library-032-released/
FUSE とは 、File system in User space の事で、通常はファイルシステムを作るには、カーネルモードで開発しなくてなならないのですが、ファイルシステムへのアクセスがあった際に、カーネルモードからユーザーモードにコールバックすることにより、ユーザーモードのアプリとして、ファイルシステムを作ることを可能にするライブラリのことです。FUSE があることにより、ファイルシステムの作成は劇的に楽になります。
Linux や MacOSX の FUSE はあるのですが 、Windows 版の FUSE はオープンソース版が長いこと存在しませんでした。今や、ほとんどのOSのカーネルはオープンソースですが、Windows のカーネルは未だにクローズドソースであり
、Windows 版の FUSE の開発は情報不足により非常に難しい作業でした。それを、淺川浩紀さんは、作り上げちゃいました！！すげ〜！一見簡単そうですが、これが、どれだけ難しいかは、取り組んでみるとわかります。
これにより、ここ数年、僕が作りたかったソフトが色々作れます！
というわけで、オープンソース記念として、Dokan を5点ほど改良しました。
1. Windows 2000 対応
なぜか 、Dokan は Windows 2000 対応していないので、パッチを作りました。
http://accelart.jp/dokan/20080527/sys.patch
デバイスドライバだけのパッチですが、サービスなど、ユーザーモード側もコンパイルし直しが必要です。下記の mirror で Firefox が起動することを Windows 2000 で確認しました 。
2. mirror に - noLockOnSource を追加
Dokan には mirror というサンプルがついています。あるフォルダと同じ内容のファイルシステムを作るサンプルです。しかし、完全にミラーしてしまうと、ミラー先で exe ファイルを実行した時、ミラー元に強いロックがかかってしまうため、exe ファイルの実行ができません。最初、ロックの問題ではなく、これは、Dokan 自体のバグかと勘違いしていました。というわけで、ミラー元にはロックをかけない、-noLockOnSource を作りました。
mirror.exe -noLockOnSource " C: \Program Files\Mozilla Firefox " S :
とやり、S:\firefox.exe で Firefox が起動することを確かめました。
http://accelart.jp/dokan/20080527/mirror.patch
3. Java ラッパ - JDokan
Dokan は C , .NET , Ruby から使えるようになっていますが 、Java からも使えるようにしました 。JDokanという名称で、ライセンスは LGPL です。
http://accelart.jp/dokan/20080527/JDokan.zip
4. MemoryFS
JDokan を使って、メモリ上にファイルシステムを作りました。RAM
Diskのファイルシステム版です。mirror 同様 、Firefox が MemoryFS から起動できることを確認しています。これは、JDokan.zipに含まれています。MITライセンス（ほぼ制限のないライセンス）です。
5. JSFlickrFS
ひょっとしたら、世界初の JavaScript で書かれたファイルシステムです 。Flickr をファイルシステムとして読めるようにしました。Rhinoを使いました。これも、JDokan.zipに含まれています。MITライセンスです。
mount . bat を実行します。
3つフォルダが作られます。
T:\france を開くと 、Flickr から取得した画像のサムネイルが表示されます。
Enlarge By Jim Mone , AP Ashwin Madia phones a supporter as he stands in front of a map of Minn .'s 3rd Congressional District in his Maple Grove , Minn. office .
Charlie Summers By Joel Page , AP
Twice as many veterans of the Iraq war are running for Congress than in 2006 , and this year Republican candidates outnumber Democrats .
Although many of the veteran candidates still face primaries and some are long shots , the outcome in November could well increase the number of combat veterans serving in Congress , a group that has been dwindling since 2000 .
The Iraq veterans are running at a time when public opinion favors U.S. withdrawal from Iraq .
Democrats , meanwhile , are trying to expand their 37 - seat majority in the House , at least partly on the strength of that issue .
These veteran - candidates also will share the ticket with a presidential race that offers a sharp contrast : Presumptive Republican nominee John McCain supports a continued U.S. presence in Iraq , while Democratic front - runner Barack Obama and rival Hillary Rodham Clinton want U.S. troops withdrawn .
Veterans running for Congress also are split .
Republican candidates are " pro-victory , " says Kieran Michael Lalor , a Republican candidate in New York and the founder of Iraq Vets for Congress , a group of Republican House candidates .
" No good comes from a precipitous withdrawal and a lot of good would come from a stable functioning democracy in the Middle East . "
Despite the unpopularity of the war , it 's unclear if a candidate 's connection to Iraq will drive voters in November .
The economy has surpassed the Iraq war as the issue of top concern to voters , points out Nathan Gonzales , political editor of the independent Rothenberg Political Report .
Veteran candidates " are going to have to prove they can speak on a wide variety of issues including the economy , " he said .
" They 're going to have to run a real campaign , raise a whole lot of money and make the case why the incumbent should be fired . "
At least 10 Democratic and 20 Republican Iraq veterans are running for the House , and none for the Senate .
Key races include several open seats : • Minneapolis suburbs : Democrat Ashwin Madia , a Marine , will take on GOP state Rep. Erik Paulsen , a former aide to retiring Rep. Jim Ramstad .
Madia , a lawyer , worked with Iraqi officials to develop the country 's justice system .
• Northeastern Ohio : Longtime GOP congressman Ralph Regula is retiring from a seat held by his party since 1950 .
Democratic state Sen. John Boccieri , who flew C - 130 cargo planes in Iraq for the Air Force , will face state Sen. Kirk Schuring .
• Buffalo area : Republican Tom Reynolds is retiring .
Former Army staff sergeant David Bellavia , who wrote a memoir about facing battle in Fallujah , is in the race on the GOP side .
Jon Powers , an Army platoon leader in Iraq , is among the Democrats running .
• San Diego area :
Three of the seven candidates seeking the seat being vacated by retiring GOP Rep.
Duncan Hunter have Iraq combat experience .
Hunter 's Marine reservist son , Duncan D. Hunter , and retired Army colonel Rick Powell are among the Republicans .
Former Navy SEAL commander Mike Lumpkin is among the Democrats .
The primary is June 3 . • Maine : Democratic Rep. Tom Allen gave up his seat for a Senate bid .
Democrat Adam Cote could come up against Republican Charlie Summers , whose wife campaigned for him while he was still deployed in Baghdad , after a June 10 primary .
" There are a lot that are actively pursuing political office , and more this year than last time , and that 's because there are more veterans , " says Jon Soltz , head of Vote Vets , a political action committee that supports Democratic candidates who are Iraq vets .
They also want the United States to get out of Iraq and turn the military mission toward Afghanistan , he says .
" This is n't the people 40 years ago who came to Washington to protest .
These are people who want to come to D.C. so we can take the fight to ( Osama ) bin Laden . "
There are currently 35 combat veterans in Congress , down from 41 in 2001 , according to figures from the Military Officers Association of America ( MOAA ) .
Only Rep. Patrick Murphy , D - Pa. , served in Iraq .
Overall , the number of veterans in Congress has declined sharply since its peak in 1977 , when more than three - quarters of Congress had served in the military .
Now only 24 % have , MOAA figures show .
In 2006 , about a dozen Iraq veterans ran for office , almost all of them Democrats .
Murphy , the only successful candidate in 2006 , faces a challenge this year from Republican Tom Manion , a Marine veteran whose son Travis was killed by sniper fire in Iraq last year .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
U.S. Ship Fires Toward Iranian Boats
The incident in international waters is the latest clash with Iran .
April 25 , 2008  --
A cargo ship contracted by U.S. Military Sealift Command fired warning shots at two Iranian speedboats that came within a few hundred yards of the vessel as it transited through international waters in the Persian Gulf , a U.S. defense official said .
The Iranian craft turned away from the vessels after the shots were fired .
The incident occurred Thursday morning as the SS Westward Venture entered the Persian Gulf with its military cargo , according to the official .
At 8 a.m. , two unidentified boats approached the cargo ship .
As the boats drew closer , the crew aboard the cargo ship warned the ships by radio to stop their approach and later flares were fired to escalate the warnings , the official said .
Finally , warning shots were fired in the direction of the approaching craft .
The two Iranian craft turned away after the shots were fired .
There are no indications that the boats were hit by the warning shots , a U.S. official said .
" The purpose of warning shots is to let them know they 're getting too close and not to hit the vessel , " said Cmdr. Lydia Robertson , a spokeswoman for US Naval forces in the region .
A short time after the incident , the Westard Venture received a radio query from a vessel identifying itself as an Iranian Coast Guard ship .
The query was normal in nature , asking the U.S. ship to properly identify itself .
The Navy does n't know whether this transmission came from one of the two Iranian speedboats or from another Iranian vessel in the vicinity , a defense official said .
It is standard procedure for cargo ships contracted by Military Sealift Command to have security teams aboard as they transit through the region .
The crew fired rounds from their 50 - caliber machine guns and M - 16 rifles , according to the official .
This is the second incident in the last 30 days in which a U.S. military - contracted cargo ship has been involved in an incident that resulted in warning shots being fired at approaching craft .
In late March , in the Gulf of Suez off the coast of Egypt , the MV Global Patriot fired warning shots in front of vessels carrying merchants hawking their wares .
The Navy later apologized after it became evident that the shots had in fact struck the boat and killed one of the merchants aboard .
Thursday 's incident is the latest brush with Iranian vessels in the gulf .
Earlier this month the USS Typhoon fired a warning flare at a small Iranian boat after it came within 200 yards of the ship .
In January , several Iranian boats made reportedly provocative moves around three U.S. ships as they passed through the Strait of Hormuz .
In December the USS Whidbey Island fired warning shots at a small Iranian boat rapidly approaching the ship .
The Fermi Paradox -- if there 's other intelligent life in the galaxy , given how long the galaxy 's been here , how come we have n't seen any indication of it ? -- is an important puzzle for those of us who like to think ahead .
Setting aside the mystical ( we 're all that was created by a higher being ) and fundamentally unprovable ( we 're all living in a simulation ) , we 're left with two unpalatable options : we 're the first intelligent species to arise ; or no civilization ever makes it long enough .
The first one is unpalatable because it suggests that our understanding of the biochemical and physical processes underlying the development of life have a massive gap , since all signs point to the emergence of organic life under appropriate conditions being readily replicable .
The second one is unpalatable for a more personal reason : if no civilization ever survives long enough to head out into the stars , what makes us think we'd be special ?
Marco ...
My colleague at the IEET Nick Bostrom offers a provocative version of the consequences of the Fermi Paradox in the latest Technology Review .
In " Where Are They ?
" Nick ( the director of the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford University ) suggests the existence of a metaphorical " Great Filter , " some phenomenon ( or set of phenomena ) beyond which it 's nearly impossible to pass .
If the Great Filter is in the past , as some biochemical hurdle making the emergence of complex life wildly improbable , then we may have a grand future ahead of us .
If the Great Filter is still to come , conversely , we 're likely doomed .
For this reason , Nick hopes that we do n't find signs of life elsewhere in the solar system .
It 's not hard to imagine what a future " Great Filter " might be -- the list of potential sources of extinction is diverse .
It could easily be a natural event , such as a global plague or a massive asteroid strike ; perhaps more likely , it could be a human - caused event , such as catastrophic environmental collapse or global war with ultra - high - tech weapons , wiping us out past recovery .
Either way , it 's a depressing end , but ( in this scenario ) a common one .
But I suspect that the " where are they ? " query has a serious flaw : it makes assumptions about the behavior of an interstellar - capable culture based on what we , a pre-interstellar society , might do .
Take this bit from Bostrom 's article , about self - replicating " Von Neumann machine " probes :
If a probe were capable of traveling at one - tenth the speed of light , every planet in the galaxy could thus be colonized within a couple of million years ( allowing some time for each probe that lands on a resource site to set up the necessary infrastructure and produce daughter probes ) .
A clear argument , and one would be forgiven for missing the key word in that sentence : colonized .
The Singularity is Near ?
The Singularity is Calling from INSIDE THE HOUSE !
It 's a reasonable assumption that a civilization capable of building self - replicating probes that can travel at 10 % of the speed of light ( or even 1 % ) would be well past the point of developing machines able to behave as sentient beings .
Throw molecular nanotechnology into the mix , along with a unthinkably more advanced science 's understanding of how the local equivalent of a brain works , and it's clear that an interstellar - capable civilization must also be a post - Singularity civilization , no matter how narrowly , broadly , or dismissively one defines the concept .
So why would members of a culture so advanced want to deal with colonization ?
It 's a very human / biological concept , not one that would readily apply to a post - biological civilization .
Colonization would be important if you were spreading people , but not intelligent Von Neumann machines .
Gravity wells take energy to get out of .
Planets can have their own replicators to deal with ( organic or otherwise ) .
A static position makes you a sitting duck for natural disasters .
All of those could be dealt with , but why bother , when there so much more out there ?
An Oort cloud , the shell of comets that surrounds a solar system at the outer reaches of its star 's influence , would be much more appealing -- lots of fun molecules to work with , in abundance .
Even the Kuiper belt , the ring of rocks and asteroids and occasional dwarf planets at the extreme edge of a solar system would be more interesting in terms of readily - accessible masses of material .
Getting solar power is a non-issue , as an interstellar - capable civilization able to spread at 1 % or 10 % of the speed of light clearly has access to much more significant ( and more readily portable ) sources of energy .
To be clear , this is n't an argument that these interstellar - capable civs just sit at home .
They could and would likely spread , and certainly explore .
But the notion that they'd hop from solar system to solar system planting their colonies , strikes me as terribly unimaginative , and definitely a pre-Singularity perspective .
The core of the Singularity argument is that those of us on the " left of the boom " side of one simply can't understand what life is like on the " right of the boom . "
The demands and concerns and requirements of a post - Singularity civilization would n't be based on a pre-Singularity pattern .
That would apply to choices made for interstellar spread , too .
Interstellar Risk
This is , to me , an arguable possibility as to why we have n't encountered extraterrestrial intelligence .
It 's not dead certain , however -- there could still be an interstellar culture that managed to avoid a Singularity , or still opted for colonization ( or to turn every bit of non-stellar mass into computronium ) .
But those have their own complexities , mostly revolving around the speed of light , evolution , and politics ( ! ) .
As far as we can tell , the speed of light is an absolute limit .
As a result , the further out a civilization spreads from its original home , the greater the time required for the edges to speak to / trade with / learn from the center , or each other .
After a few thousand light years ( if not well before ) , the edges would be so disconnected that they 'd effectively be in isolation .
What we know about groups in isolation , from both biological and sociological evolutionary models , is that they diverge .
Various local conditions and particular histories set these groups along novel pathways .
There 's no reason why these patterns would n't also apply to interstellar spread .
What would these variations look like ?
Who knows ?
But one thing we know about this imagined interstellar species is that it has a strong drive to spread and colonize .
So there you have a diverse ( and diversifying ) set of ( sub - ) cultures / species , all interested in spreading and colonization .
Looking out into the deep dark , they 'd see more systems to move to and fiddle with for a few centuries / millennia getting them set up right ; looking back , they 'd see lots of systems already set up to be perfectly - suited to this particular original species , or at worst easily modified .
They do n't all have to attack internally to disrupt the entire endeavor : some become victims , some become defenders , and some -- possibly many -- try to keep a very low profile , not wanting to become the next victim .
After digesting the " old worlds , " the super - colonizing culture might start to move out again , setting off another cycle .
Eventually , they 'd figure out that there 's a limit to how far a civilization can spread before it falls apart .
One might argue that this is simply taking human history ( clearly pre-Singularity ) and trying to apply it to a post - Singularity culture .
One would be wrong -- I 'm taking a pattern repeated in evolution , the flip side of a species spreading across an environment .
That it happens in politics as well as biology simply points to its universality .
... Polo !
There 's one last flaw to the " where are they ? " argument : it assumes that we could see them if they were there .
I do n't mean anything magical , just that we may not be looking in the right place , signal - wise .
Advanced extraterrestrial civilizations could be using an entirely new medium for communication , one that we do n't know see as possible , only having made a brief stop at radio along the way .
That 's possible , although given that it 's dependent upon something we do n't now know about , it 's really just special pleading .
The issue that SETI and its related efforts can really only detect high - powered beacons is a more tangible issue .
" Radio fossils , " the signal leaks from radio - capable civilizations , are far too weak to be detected right now .
Even our largest radio receivers are nowhere close to being able to pick up alien TV signals -- one estimate claims that we'd need a current - technology receiver larger than the diameter of the Earth to pick up UHF television signals from the nearest star system , Alpha Centauri .
And when you add spread - spectrum and encryption technology , even a strong signal would likely look like noise .
To sum up :
* Current SETI could n't detect the kinds of signals we 're putting out , so may be missing abundant radio fossil traffic .
* We have no way of knowing if a post - radio communication method is in use .
* An interstellar - capable civilization would certainly be post - Singularity , and therefore have very different needs and motives for expansion .
* Interstellar - capable civilizations that somehow remain wedded to colonization would inevitably fall into internal conflict because of speed - of - light communication / travel lag and divergent evolution ( social or biological ) .
All of this is to argue that just because we do n't see them does n't mean ( a ) they 're not out there , or ( b ) we 're doomed .
Whew .
The truth is out there
By Peter Barber - Published : June 7 2008
When Cynthia McKinney speaks the words of Martin Luther King Jr , they resound through the church with some of King ’s cadence .
“ A time comes , ” declares the former US congresswoman from Georgia , “ when silence is betrayal . ”
The congregation answers with whoops and calls of “ That ’s right ! ” King was talking about America ’s war in Vietnam .
More than 40 years later , before the packed pews of the Immanuel Presbyterian Church in Los Angeles , McKinney is speaking of the American government ’s war on its own people .
The shock and awe phase of this conflict , we had been told earlier , began on September 11 2001 , when the Bush administration launched attacks on New York and Washington , or at least waved them through .
According to a show of hands that February afternoon , several hundred people in the immaculate church believe this to be true .
Some came in T - shirts bearing the words “ 9/11 was an inside job ” .
One wore a badge demanding that you “ Examine your assumptions ” .
Quite a few bought the DVDs on sale in the foyer , most of which bore photographs of the Twin Towers spewing smoke .
They had all come to hear the message of Architects , Engineers & Scientists for 9/11 Truth , one of the dozens of groups across the US which campaign to persuade us that everything we think we know about 9/11 is wrong .
Last winter , “ Investigate 9/11 ” banners seemed to be popping up all over the place .
Bill Clinton was heckled by “ truthers ” in Denver while campaigning for his wife .
Truthers picketed the Academy Awards in LA – despite this year ’s winner of the best actress Oscar , Marion Cotillard , reportedly being one of them .
But then , she ’s French .
Literature lovers in that country pushed Thierry Meyssan ’s L’Effroyable imposture ( The Appalling Fraud ) – which asserts that 9/11 was a government plot to justify invading Iraq and Afghanistan and increase military spending – to the top of the bestseller list in 2002 .
Country music star Willie Nelson is assuredly not French , but a week or so before the Oscars he described as naive the notion that the “ implosion ” of the Twin Towers was caused by crashing jets .
Meanwhile the European Parliament screened the Italian documentary Zero , in which Gore Vidal , Italian playwright Dario Fo , and Italian MEP Giulietto Chiesa blame the US government , not al - Qaeda , for 9/11 .
The following month , Japanese MP Yukihisa Fujita raised his own doubts about the official story at a seminar in Sydney .
A busy season for the “ 9/11 Truth ” movement .
The events of 9/11 were recorded in many thousands of images , from crisp agency photographs to amateur camcorder footage .
Every recorded trail of smoke , every spray of sparks is pored over by an army of sceptics , collectively described as the 9/11 Truth movement .
They believe that the key to the mystery is hidden somewhere within the pictures , just as some people think that clues are contained in the Zapruder film which captured the moment of John F. Kennedy ’s assassination .
Allied against them is a smaller group of rival bloggers who have taken it upon themselves to debunk what they claim are dangerous conspiracy theories .
There is some evidence that the truthers are swaying the rest of us .
A New York Times / CBS
News poll in 2006 revealed that only 16 per cent of Americans polled believed the Bush administration was telling the truth about 9/11 .
More than half thought it was “ hiding something ” .
This is not the same as believing the government actually launched the attacks , but a Scripps Howard / Ohio University poll the same year found that more than a third of those questioned suspected that federal officials assisted in the attacks or took no action to stop them so that the US could go to war .
The truthers certainly believe that they are on a roll .
The crowd in the Immanuel Presbyterian Church seemed electrified .
As the donated sound system pumped out angry rap , a giant video screen showed images of protesters demanding a new investigation into 9/11 .
The symbols and the language were borrowed from the civil rights struggle , but the truthers are an eclectic group , including anti-Bush , anti-war liberals and anti-government libertarians .
A young man in a “ Vote Ron Paul ” T - shirt scuttled through the hall , filming us as we took our seats on wooden pews .
First up was Richard Gage , a San Francisco architect who founded Architects , Engineers & Scientists for 9/11 Truth , which now claims to have 379 professional members .
Gage told us that the collapse of the Twin Towers could not have been due merely to gravity , the impact of the airliners and the resulting jet fuel fires – which would not have been hot enough to weaken the steel sufficiently .
Behind him on the video screen was the south tower of the World Trade Center .
Smoke poured from its upper floors .
A respectful silence fell over the audience , followed by gasps as the building appeared to dissolve before our eyes .
While I have seen this footage countless times , it seems that I had clearly never understood what I was seeing .
The destruction of the Twin Towers , along with the collapse of the nearby 47 - storey World Trade Center 7 building , had all the hallmarks of controlled demolition , according to Gage .
They all came straight down , almost at the speed of a free - falling object , right into their own footprints .
Steel - framed buildings had never collapsed because of fires before .
On this day three did , one of which , “ Building 7 ” , was not even hit by an aircraft .
Gage , who had worked himself into a fever , exhorted the audience to stand up and be counted : “ A country is at stake . ”
Then he welcomed on to the stage the star of the evening , Steven Jones .
A softly spoken physicist , Jones is the movement ’s designated martyr and seems to promise what the truthers so desperately need : scientific credibility .
Jones entered into truther lore in 2006 when he was put into early retirement by Brigham Young University in Utah after giving public lectures on his paper “ Why indeed did the WTC buildings collapse ? ” , which he published on the website of the university ’s physics department .
Jones contended that the towers were demolished by cutter charges which had been placed throughout the buildings , probably involving an incendiary called thermite .
BYU ’s College of Physical and Mathematical Sciences and the structural engineering faculty , followed by the university administration , disowned him .
Still , Jones is no fool .
He has published more than 50 scholarly papers , including pieces on cold nuclear fusion in journals such as Scientific American and Nature .
He invented a cooker which uses solar power and has donated models to poor families in the developing world .
Jones tells us he believes laboratory testing of dust from Ground Zero will reveal residue from a thermite reaction .
As soon as the seminar is over , Jones is mobbed by people asking him to pose for photos and offering their own views on the 9/11 plot , as well as others such as the presence above our heads of chemtrails ( deadly toxins sprayed by unidentified aircraft , which some believe are part of a secret global depopulation programme ) .
This is the world Jones now inhabits – it seems a long way from a Utah physics department .
I ask him later by phone if he has any regrets about publishing that fateful paper : “ No regrets .
I ’ve thought of Galileo a few times .
He got a little worse than I did , I suppose . ”
Jones is typical of many 9/11 researchers in that the subject has taken over his professional life .
Down the coast in Santa Barbara is another of the movement ’s luminaries .
On the beach at Isla Vista , one of the most expensive real - estate spots in the US , lives David Ray Griffin , a former theology professor .
As his dogs scratch excitedly on the sliding door , Griffin explains that America ’s primary faith is not Christianity , but nationalism .
“ Other countries do really terrible things .
Our leaders never would .
And that [ belief ] has been the biggest impediment to getting people to look at the evidence , because they just know a priori that that is ridiculous . ”
Griffin now thinks the evidence to the contrary is incontrovertible .
Until 2002 , he had busied himself far from the rancour of public controversy writing rather obscure philosophical books and teaching philosophy of religion at the Claremont School of Theology .
But the course of his research changed abruptly when he heard a visiting British theologian question the official account of 9/11 .
Two years later , Griffin ’s The New Pearl Harbor , with a foreword by British MP Michael Meacher , became a touchstone in the 9/11 Truth movement .
He has since written others , including one detailing the “ omissions and distortions ” of the 9/11 Commission , the report of which fits the definition of “ conspiracy theory ” neatly , he says .
“ They started with the conclusion that al - Qaeda did it and did n’t even consider the alternative that it was an inside job . ”
Griffin was a script consultant on Loose Change Final Cut , part of the internet phenomenon that set off the current explosion of low - budget 9/11 DVDs .
The previous version was viewed more than 10 million times on Google Video , according to Vanity Fair .
In 2002 , armed only with a laptop and off - the - shelf video production software , Dylan Avery , an 18 - year - old resident of Oneonta , New York , set about making a fictional film about discovering , with his friends , that 9/11 was orchestrated by the US government .
At some point in his research , Avery had a “ Dude , this shit is real ! ” moment and Loose Change entered the realm of agit - prop documentary .
Final
Cut makes a bold new allegation : the Twin Towers were packed with deadly asbestos , which would have cost billions to clean up .
“ If you bring down the buildings , ” says Griffin , “ not only do you not have to pay ... to clean them up , somebody is going to make billions of dollars on the insurance . ”
September 11 as insurance job ?
This seems to expand the circle of conspirators somewhat .
Griffin ventures another possible explanation : the psychological impact .
“ You had these massive explosions , which rather looked like a nuclear blast , ” he says .
“ That ’s always been the deep fear of America .
In the run-up to the Iraq war , that ’s what they were talking about – we cannot wait until we have a nuclear cloud . ”
Griffin offers one further speculation , this time on a question which is controversial even among 9/11 sceptics : what hit the Pentagon ?
Thierry Meyssan was the first to claim that it was not Flight 77 – an American Airlines 757 carrying 64 passengers – but a cruise missile that hit the west wall of the Pentagon at 9.37 am on September 11 .
Websites have followed suit , pointing to the apparent lack of plane debris on the Pentagon lawn and the fact that the hole left in the outer ring of the building looks too small to accommodate the wingspan of a 757 .
Retired US Air Force captain Russ Wittenberg from Pilots for 9/11 Truth asserted that no inexperienced pilot could have performed the manoeuvre the 9/11 Commission concluded that al - Qaeda conspirator Hani Hanjour pulled off that morning : a 330° turn , 2,200 ft descent , a full - throttle dive and then a 530 miles per hour plunge at ground level into the Pentagon .
Call it “ the magic plane theory ” : doubters believe that , just as the bullet that killed Kennedy appeared to defy the laws of physics , so the plane that struck the Pentagon was like no other in existence .
And just as Nasa was forced to counter claims the moon landings were faked , these and other claims have forced the US State Department into the debunking business .
Its Identifying Misinformation website states that debris from Flight 77 was indeed recovered , as were the remains of passengers and crew .
Many witnesses saw the plane come in , and a number of passengers made phone calls to their loved ones telling them their flight had been hijacked .
There is also another obvious problem : if a missile hit the Pentagon , what happened to Flight 77 ?
“ There was a rumour that an airliner had gone down on the Ohio / Kentucky border and that was taken very seriously early on by the Federal Aviation Authority , ” says Griffin .
It later rejected the story .
But Griffin claims the only evidence that Flight 77 was aloft after that was an alleged phone call from Barbara Olsen to Ted Olsen , the solicitor - general of the United States .
So how does he explain that phone call ?
Ted Olsen is a Bush administration insider , he says .
Another possible answer , though , is “ voice - morphing technology ” .
This would also explain the flurry of phone calls from United Airlines Flight 93 , which , as the official story has it , crashed in a Pennsylvania field after passengers revolted against their hijackers .
It ’s not just supporters of the official story who roll their eyes at these claims .
They put Griffin in the camp of the “ no - planers ” , at least as far as the attack on the Pentagon is concerned .
The no-planers enrage the rest of the truthers , who accuse them of sabotaging the credibility of the movement .
The claim that no plane hit the Pentagon is a Trojan horse , they say – disinformation that serves the conspirators .
Some – such as former MI5 whistleblower David Shayler – have even asserted that no planes , but missiles disguised by “ cloaking technology ” , hit the Twin Towers .
Shayler , incidentally , proclaimed himself the Messiah last year .
If the 9/11 truth movement is fighting a kind of asymmetric war against official sources of knowledge , it is also battling itself .
As the movement morphs into an international activist group , it recognises that if it is to convince middle Americans , it must distance itself from its exotic fringe .
Once , it was the Mihops versus the Lihops .
These factions , who sound like warring species from an H.G. Wells story , are those who believe the government Made It Happen On Purpose and those who think it Let It Happen On Purpose .
The Mihops are in the ascendancy .
The genesis of all this can be traced back to a schism that followed the first real attempt to bring scholarly credibility to the 9/11 sceptics .
In 2005 , Steven Jones was invited to form a group called Scholars for 9/11 Truth by James Fetzer , a professor in the philosophy department at the University of Minnesota and the author of some 20 books on the philosophy of science and artificial intelligence .
Fetzer teaches critical thinking , and is nothing if not critical .
He has been campaigning for more than a decade to prove that the Zapruder film is a hoax perpetuated by the same government intelligence agencies that orchestrated JFK ’s assassination .
But within a year , Jones had written to all members of Scholars announcing that he and others no longer wanted to be associated with Fetzer , who was , in the rebels ’ opinion , holding them up to ridicule .
Fetzer had backed a theory by Judy Wood , a former assistant professor in mechanical engineering at Clemson University , proposing that the Twin Towers were brought down by a “ directed energy ” weapon developed as part of the US government ’s Star Wars programme .
It prompted a stampede to a new group , Scholars for 9/11 Truth & Justice , headed by Jones .
Confusing the two groups would be like mistaking Monty Python ’s Judean People ’s Front for the People ’s Front of Judea : this was a major doctrinal split .
Fetzer ’s view is that any serious inquiry into what happened on 9/11 should look at all possibilities .
Supporters of the directed energy hypothesis keep popping up at 9/11 Truth lectures to heckle what Python fans might call the “ splittist ” thermite theorists .
Among the advocates of the Star Wars theory is Morgan Reynolds , perhaps the first prominent US government official to claim that 9/11 was an inside job .
At the time of the attacks , Reynolds was chief economist at the US Department of Labor .
Some Star Wars supporters , in turn , accuse proponents of the thermite hypothesis of being government shills .
One , on CheckTheEvidence.com , alleges that Jones ’s public denunciation of Star Wars theories is actually a Trojan horse ; he notes that Jones once worked at Los Alamos , where directed energy weapons are researched .
This line of conjecture also entangles Norman Mineta , US transportation secretary on September 11 2001 .
Mineta was the man who grounded all civilian aircraft on that morning .
But he was also once vice - president of Lockheed Martin , a founding member of the Directed Energy Professional Society ...
In this outer reach of the blogosphere , no one is ever more than six degrees of separation from the heart of the conspiracy .
Jones did , in fact , do post - doctoral research at the Los Alamos Meson Physics Facility for the University of Wyoming , but he says it was peaceful and non-weapons - related .
He says the more out - there theories , including those of the no-planers , are harming the movement .
“ First , they discourage others who are trying to do serious work , and they tend to be quite vocal about their heckling , ” he says .
“ More serious is that when we ’re really trying to look at an evidence - based approach , we get lumped in with these people and then dismissed as a whole . ”
Two days before Jones ’s lecture in LA , his erstwhile colleague was taking his own campaign on the road on the other side of the country .
After addressing Student Scholars for 9/11 Truth in New Hampshire , Fetzer was off to that seat of academic respectability , Yale University .
To prepare for our meeting , I watched a DVD of a 9/11 symposium he held in his new hometown of Madison , Wisconsin last year .
The star of this show was Alfred Lambremont Webre , a judge on former Malaysian prime minister Mahathir Mohamad ’s alternative international War Crimes Tribunal in Kuala Lumpur and co-author of the Space Preservation Treaty .
He delivers what might be the most momentous opening line in the history of town hall seminars .
“ Fellow Citizens ... 9/11 was a false flag operation by an international war crimes racketeering organisation to provide a pretext to engage in a genocidal and ecocidal depleted uranium bombing of central Asia , Afghanistan and Iraq in order to secure vast oil and uranium reserves ; to roll out a terror - based national security state system worldwide and ... to implement the final stages of a world depopulation policy . ”
There are two more “ false flag ” operations in the pipeline , he says .
The first is the war against asteroids , the second the “ war against the evil aliens ” .
Hearing this , you either experience the thrill of revelation or the sinking feeling that the person you are listening to is having some kind of breakdown .
Within 30 minutes , Webre has folded into the 9/11 plot the Skull & Bones society at Yale University – or the “ Brotherhood of Death ” , as he calls it – neocon think - thank the Council on Foreign Relations , the Rothschilds , the Queen and the City of London .
I wondered how all these conspiracies could be maintained without the whole conceit unravelling .
The answer , of course , is that there is only one conspiracy .
Pearl Harbour , the moon landing , JFK , 9/11 , the Illuminati , the Black Helicopters , Skull & Bones , chemtrails : all faces of the same demon .
The plot goes all the way to the top , and all the way back in time .
You could come to believe that it involves everyone except yourself – at which point it ’s all over for you .
And as I listened , I just waited for him to say the Word .
And , inevitably , Webre brought it all back to the “ international neo- Zionist organisation ” .
I asked Fetzer about this as we sat in a cafe across from Yale , home of the Brotherhood of Death : how did he keep his scholars on message ?
“ It ’s obvious to me that you have to consider all the possible alternatives , ” he says .
“ You ca n’t exclude any , lest , as you proceed in your investigation and eliminate hypotheses , you eliminate the true hypothesis because you ’ve never allowed it to be considered . ”
Fetzer ’s talk later that night does not go well .
A Yale student had promoted the lecture on Facebook Events , but fellow students had apparently been unwilling to add their names , which anyone can see , perhaps for fear of ridicule .
Only six show up .
When it becomes clear that Fetzer is implicating some kind of Star Wars weapon , the two next to me begin scrolling distractedly through their mobile phone messages .
Within 10 minutes , they have left .
The conclusion of the 9/11 Commission – the official story – is that the 2001 attacks got through because those charged with protecting America had not truly conceived of the threat : in its author ’s evocative phrase , they had suffered a “ failure of imagination ” .
After trawling the internet in search of 9/11 Truth , it seems to me the American imagination is strong .
“ Americans are very good at dreaming up these scenarios , ” says Lewis Lapham , the former Harper ’s magazine editor and a prominent critic of the Bush administration post - September 11 .
“ We are open to all kinds of magical theories , ” he says , citing the continuing fascination with the assassination of JFK .
“ We are also good at creating religions . ”
Lapham thinks the theory that 9/11 was an inside job follows in this long tradition , but also reflects cynicism among Americans towards their government .
He does not accept that the Bush administration planned 9/11 or even allowed it to happen .
Nonetheless , he thinks a new investigation is warranted .
In 2004 , Harper ’s ran a trenchant piece describing the 9/11 Commission as a “ whitewash ” and a “ cheat and a fraud ” for downplaying evidence that warnings of the al - Qaeda threat were ignored .
Such flaws allowed space for alternative theories to develop , Lapham says .
In this , there are shades of the Warren Commission into the assassination of President Kennedy , which served merely to deepen popular distrust .
But if we have seen the likes of the 9/11 Truth movement before , it also represents something new .
“ With the Kennedy assassination , pretty soon after the events themselves there were fairly significant questions being raised by people of all types and stripes about what actually happened , ” says Mark Fenster , a University of Florida law professor and author of Conspiracy Theories : Secrecy and Power in American Culture .
“ But whereas then it was a generalised , amorphous kind of response , the amount of organisation – politically and through alternative media – is far more striking now than it was back then . ”
Fenster thinks that the 9/11 Truth movement is in some ways a typical American response to a surprising and traumatic event .
But it also represents a step change in its use of telecommunications technology .
“ One of the interesting things , particularly in the beginning of this movement , was the extent to which there were a lot of local groups in different cities organising protests ... and they could co-ordinate and create a national and international movement , ” he says .
“ Whether that translates into more people actually believing in the conspiracy theory is a completely different question . ”
Fenster believes the few published polls on the subject , rather than showing any real depth of suspicion about 9/11 , demonstrate declining trust in the Bush administration generally .
The author of one of the most rigorous of the websites that aim to debunk the conspiracy theories , Debunking911.com , he notes that the most recent Zogby poll on attitudes towards 9/11 found only 4.6 per cent of Americans believe the Bush administration blew up the Twin Towers .
“ If you follow the website hits , you ’ll find that since Debunking911 came into existence , conspiracy sites have been losing readership , ” he says via e-mail .
“ I think all they needed was someone to fill in the parts conspiracy theorists left out of the conspiracy story and their numbers begin to shrink . ”
Perhaps the 9/11 Truth movement is what one would expect in the dying days of an unpopular administration , and with no end in sight to a costly war .
Whether it can maintain momentum when that government leaves office next year is anyone ’s guess .
In the meantime , some on the left accuse it of letting the leaders they so vehemently distrust off the hook .
“ They make a mockery of [ civil rights ] causes by associating their nonsense with genuinely important issues , and by diverting a large number of people who should know better into a unicorn hunt , ” says British writer and activist George Monbiot .
Monbiot is regularly heckled by 9/11 truthers at public events after accusing them in The Guardian of undermining genuine political opposition .
His first column on the truthers prompted a near - record number of postings on the paper ’s Comment Is Free website – 777 – many accusing him of being part of the conspiracy .
“ It ’s very interesting to see , ” he says , “ particularly in the United States , how the anti-war movement has been largely co-opted in many places by the 9/11 Truth movement .
And we desperately need an active anti-war movement , because there is a lot of reckoning to be done . ”
Peter Barber is the FT ’s deputy comment editor
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2008
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
What happened to building 7 ?
By Peter Barber - Published : June 6 2008
To the truthers , “ building 7 ” – the third building in the World Trade Center complex to collapse on September 11 – is evidence that the mainstream media is in on the plot .
On that day , the BBC reported the building ’s fall almost half an hour before it happened .
Journalist Jane Standley was broadcast at 4.54 pm eastern time reporting that the tower had collapsed – but in the background , it was still standing .
It fell 26 minutes later , seven hours after the Twin Towers came down .
When the Standley clip hit YouTube , truthers bombarded the BBC ’s website with questions and accusations .
Richard Porter , head of BBC world news , was forced to deny that the broadcaster was reading from the Bush conspirators ’ script .
He said the BBC had misreported warnings from fire crews of the building ’s imminent collapse and instead stated that it had already happened .
He blamed the confusion of the day for the mix - up .
CNN had earlier reported rumours that a third building had either collapsed or was about to .
But in the minds of the truthers , this explanation was undermined by Porter ’s admission that the BBC no longer had the original tapes of its coverage .
Building 7 is the truthers ’ smoking gun for other reasons , too .
How , they ask , could this modern , steel - framed skyscraper collapse merely because of fire , without even being hit by an airliner ?
The 47 - storey WTC7 fell straight down , at almost free - fall speed , largely into its own footprint : all the hallmarks , the sceptics say , of a controlled demolition .
Building 7 had some fascinating tenants .
The main occupant was Salomon Brothers , the bank , but on floors nine and 10 was the secret service .
On the three floors above that was the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The New York Times reported that the building also housed a secret office operated by the CIA dedicated to spying on and recruiting foreign diplomats based at the United Nations .
The station ’s loss had “ seriously disrupted ” intelligence operations , it said .
The CIA shared a floor with an office of the Defence Department and the Internal Revenue Service .
The collapse of the building also wiped out the operations centre of New York City ’s Office of Emergency Management on floor 23 , throwing the response that day into further mayhem .
Truthers have focused on a comment on the afternoon of September 11 by Larry Silverstein , the building ’s owner , to a fire department commander : he said they should “ pull ” the building after a faulty sprinkler system left fires to rage all day .
“ Pull ” , the sceptics claim , is industry jargon for demolish .
Debunking911.com points out that the term actually refers to pulling one building away from another with cables .
Silverstein ’s spokesman later said that Silverstein told the fire chief that the most important thing was to protect the lives of the firefighters , including pulling them out of the building if necessary .
The US National Institute of Standards and Technology began investigating the collapse of building 7 along with the Twin Towers in 2002 , but hived the inquiry off into a separate probe , which will not report until August .
This fuelled suspicion that officials were struggling to come up with a plausible line of obfuscation .
NIST says progress has been slowed by the complexity of the computer model it is using , which simulates the collapse from the moment it begins all the way to the ground .
Another 80 boxes of documents related to WTC7 have also been found and need to be analysed , it says .
NIST ’s working hypothesis is that fire and / or flaming debris from the collapsing north tower ( which left a long gash in building 7 ’s south face ) damaged a critical column which supported a 2,000 sq ft floor bay .
The remaining floor bays were unable to redistribute the loads , and the whole structure came down on itself .
The fact that the collapse was triggered by an internal failure would explain the appearance of a controlled demolition with a small field of debris left behind .
The influence of the truthers can be found in this line from a 2004 progress report : “ While NIST has found no evidence of a blast or controlled demolition event , NIST would like to determine the magnitude of hypothetical blast scenarios that could have led to the structural failure of one or more elements . ”
The BBC , meanwhile , has yet to persuade some of its critics .
It had wanted to film the 9/11 Truth seminar at the Immanuel Presbyterian Church in Los Angeles but was barred by the organisers , who cited building 7 .
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2008
__________________________________________
Sidebar in main article :
Glossary of doubt
No-planers
People who claim that it was n’t an aircraft , but a missile , that hit the Pentagon on September 11 2001 .
Some have taken it a step further and argued that no aircraft hit the twin towers , either .
What the world saw that day , these sceptics argue , was either video trickery or cruise missiles disguised through image technology as aircraft .
Mihops
Truthers who believe the US government “ Made it happen on purpose ” , “ it ” being the destruction of September 11 .
Lihops
A more moderate strain of truther who believe the government “ Let it happen on purpose ” .
Scholars for 9/11 Truth
Started by James Fetzer , the group advocates looking at all possible explanations of what happened on September 11 , no matter how improbable .
Scholars for 9/11 Truth and Justice
The more moderate splinter group of Scholars for 9/11 Truth , led by Steven Jones .
Endorses an “ evidence - based approach ” to questioning the 9/11 story .
---------------------------------------------------
FAIR USE NOTICE
This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of political , human rights , economic , democracy , scientific , and social justice issues , etc .
We believe this constitutes a ' fair use ' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes .
For more information go to : http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml.
If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond ' fair use ' , you must obtain permission from the copyright owner .
A company banking on drivers ' weariness of skyrocketing gasoline prices unveiled a home refinery device on Thursday offering another option : ethanol .
E- Fuel Corporation says its EFuel100 MicroFueler can produce up to 35 gallons ( 132 liters ) of ethanol a week that consumers can pump directly into their cars and trucks .
There is no combustion inside the device , which runs on a standard household 110 - to 220 - volt AC power supply ( consuming about 150 watts * ) and uses a membrane system to distill the sugar , yeast and water solution required to make ethanol rather than combustion heating elements , as commercial ethanol producers do .
Interested drivers in the U.S. can put in their orders now for their own EFuel100 MicroFueler at the company 's Web site with a $ 3,000 down payment toward the total $ 10,000 tab ; the first units are expected to ship some time this fall .
The company , which has plants in Los Gatos and Paso Robles , Calif. , as well as Hong Kong , also plans to sell MicroFuelers in Brazil , China and the U.K .
The prototype rolled out at a press conference in New York City yesterday is 72 inches ( 1.8 meters ) high , 42 inches ( 1.1 meters ) wide and 72 inches long , but the company says the consumer units are likely to be a bit smaller .
Ethanol fuel is made from a combination of water , yeast and sugar , Tom Quinn , E - Fuel founder and CEO , said at the press conference , adding that the process was no more complicated than what is taught in " third - grade science . "
The adoption of ethanol has been held back because drivers do not have access to the fuel , he said , pointing out that there are only 1,200 ethanol stations in the U.S. , compared with about 176,000 gas stations .
To make ethanol in the EFuel100 , feedstock ( consisting of sugar and yeast ) or discarded liquor is loaded into the device 's 200 - gallon ( 757 - liter ) tank .
Using the LCD screen located on the front of the device ( next to the pump ) , the operator places the EFuel100 either in ferment ( for feedstock ) or distillation ( for liquor ) mode to begin the process .
The EFuel100 is hooked up to a water source — much like one 's washing machine or dishwasher is — and regulates the amount of water flowing into its tank to begin the ethanol - conversion process .
Once the feedstock is fermented , the device transfers the solution to its distillation system , where it is vaporized in a vertical column tube and sent through a membrane that separates the alcohol from the water .
The distilled vapor is then cooled back into liquid form and sent to the 35 - gallon storage tank , from which it can be pumped into an automobile using a 50 - foot ( 15 - meter ) retractable hose .
The process of turning sugar into ethanol fuel takes nearly a week ( although alcohol distillation can be done in a matter of hours ) .
The cost of operating and maintaining the EFuel100 vary , depending on rebates ( a $ 1,000 federal tax credit is available ) and the cost of the sugar feedstock — it takes 14 pounds ( 6.4 kilograms ) of feedstock to produce a gallon of ethanol .
E- Fuel also offers its Carbon Credit Coupon Program , which will allow its customers to buy discounted E - Fuel–certified sugar feedstock for an estimated 15 to 30 cents per pound , the company said Thursday .
One of the company 's main objectives with the program is to keep the cost of ethanol less than $ 1 per gallon .
The company says that families would save a barrel of cash in the long run .
It estimates , for instance , that a family will save about $ 4,200 per year on fuel ( assuming gas costs $ 3.60 per gallon and ethanol costs $ 1 per gallon ) if it has two cars that get 22 miles per gallon ( 9.3 kilometers per liter ) and are driven a total of 34,500 miles ( 55,500 kilometers ) annually .
Automobiles do not require their fuel to be 100 percent ethanol , so greater savings are possible if drivers dilute the finished product with water ( as long at that mixture contains at least 65 percent ethanol ) .
E - Fuel chose sugar as its raw material ( instead of corn feedstock or cellulose ) because of its ease and abundance : corn feedstock or cellulose have to be broken down into sugar before they can be turned into ethanol .
But E - Fuel said it plans to eventually build corn and cellulose versions of its microfuelers , although no time frame has been set .
A version that uses corn is lower priority , Quinn said , because corn , unlike sugar , is an essential part of the world 's food supply .
As Bruce Padula , the company 's vice president of sales and marketing puts it , " Doctors are n't telling you to eat more sugar . "
Still , much of the ethanol - producing infrastructure in place is designed to use corn feedstock — corn - based ethanol accounts for most of the total ethanol produced in the U.S. at this time , according to Louisiana State University 's Agriculture Center .
However , the company 's claims about the environmental friendliness of ethanol are in dispute .
E- Fuel touts ethanol as cheaper and more environmentally sound than gasoline , claiming that it produces 85 percent fewer climate change–causing carbon emissions than gasoline .
But Mark Jacobson , a Stanford University professor of civil and environmental engineering , says ethanol is no better for air quality .
Jacobson last year published a report in Environmental Science & Technology noting that ethanol produces less benzene and butadiene than gasoline , but it releases more formaldehyde and acetaldehyde into the atmosphere .
Although ethanol is made from seemingly innocuous materials ( like sugar or corn ) , it becomes dangerous when broken down in the atmosphere into acetaldehyde and acetic acid ( the latter of which is corrosive and irritates the eyes ) , Jacobson says .
" [ Ethanol ] kills people , " he says .
" Just like cigarette smoke , you 're breathing in particles that are harmful . "
Criticism by Jacobson and others against this fuel that many hope will become an alternative to high - priced , foreign - sourced petroleum is an issue E - Fuel and other ethanol backers will have to address , no matter how much cheaper their product is .
* Correction ( 5/12/08 ) :
This article originally identified the power consumption as 150 watts per day .
A Special Relativity Simulator
Warp is a program used to illustrate the appearance of everyday objects travelling at really , really high speeds .
At such speeds , Einstein 's theory of special relativity predicts that unusual things start to happen .
Warp models these strange effects - it is a special relativity simulator .
Of course , we do n't normally see these strange effects and for a good reason .
By high speed we mean extremely high speeds - close to the speed of light .
We do n't normally see these ' relativistic ' effects because the speeds associated with every day life do n't compare with the speed of light .
To whet your appetite , here 's what Stonehenge looks like at close to the speed of light . . .
Very strange !
Anyway , if you want a brief explaination of what 's going on then a good place to start is the about page .
Once you 've done that , try out the Warp special relativity simulator for yourself by downloading it !
You 'll now be wondering how to use Warp , or maybe you just want to learn more about special relativity .
It 'll be a good idea to read the Lessons .
If you still have questions about warp or relativity , try the FAQ .
The State Department will soon begin production of an electronic passport card that security specialists and members of Congress fear will be vulnerable to alteration or counterfeiting .
The agency has contracted with L - 1 Identity Solutions Inc. to produce electronic - passport cards as a substitute for booklet passports for use by Americans who travel frequently by road or sea to Canada , Mexico and the Caribbean .
About the size of a credit card , the electronic - passport card displays a photo of the user and a radio frequency identification ( RFID ) chip containing data about the user .
The State Department announced recently that it will begin producing the cards next month and issue the first ones in July .
Security specialists told The Washington Times that the electronic - passport card can be copied or altered easily by removing the photograph with solvent and replacing it with one from an unauthorized user .
James Hesse , former chief intelligence officer for the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Forensic Document Laboratory , which monitors fraudulent government documents , said the card should have been designed with a special optical security strip to make it secure and prevent counterfeiting .
The selection of a card with an RFID chip is “ an extremely risky decision , ” Mr. Hesse said in an interview .
“ The optical strip has never been compromised , ” he said .
“ It ’s the most secure medium out there to store data . ”
Joel Lisker , a former FBI agent who spent 18 years countering credit - card fraud at MasterCard , said the new cards pose a serious threat to U.S. security .
“ There really is no security with these cards , ” he said .
Mr. Lisker , a consultant to a competitor for the electronic - passport card contract , said the State Department ’s selection of the RFID card shows it favors speedy processing at entry points more than security .
He charged that the department “ will not make changes until it is satisfied that compromises are occurring on a regular basis . ”
The State Department rejected a more secure card because it is “ surrendering to speed over security , essentially creating new vulnerabilities . …
It will not take long for the bad guys to figure out which ports have readability and which do not , ” he said .
Steve Royster , a State Department spokesman , declined to comment .
Another State Department official , however , said the agency thinks the RFID passport card is secure .
“ The passport card is the result of an interagency effort to produce the most durable , secure and tamper - resistant card for the American public using state - of - the - art , laser - engraving and security features , ” said the official , who spoke on the condition that he not be identified .
Members of Congress have raised concerns about the new card in a bipartisan letter to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff .
“ We have serious concerns regarding the final card chosen for the Passport Card , ” the April 25 letter states .
It was written by Reps. Brian P. Bilbray , California Republican , and Christopher Carney , Pennsylvania Democrat .
Seventeen Republicans and one Democrat signed the letter .
“ Each card will carry the same rights and privileges of the U.S. passport book with the exception of international air travel .
As such , the cards will be used not only to cross the border , they will also be used throughout the interior United States as proof of citizenship and identity in everyday transactions ; as a proof of identity in [ Transportation Security Administration ] lines , to enter federal buildings , to engage in financial transactions , and to obtain driver ’s licenses , ” the letter said .
The lawmakers noted that the bipartisan Sept. 11 commission final report stated that “ travel documents are as important as weapons ” for global terrorists .
In a separate letter to the State Department on May 2 , Mr. Carney asked for a briefing on the passport cards , saying “ we need to have confidence that these cards cannot be compromised by terrorists , drug smugglers , human traffickers and others who would break our laws and do us harm . ”
The State Department considered a prototype passport card designed by General Dynamics that used the optical security strip but rejected the option , preferring a passport card that contains an RFID chip made in Europe .
An optical security strip appears as a dark , 1 - inch - wide line on the top of a card .
Close inspection of the strip reveals ultra-high resolution images that security specialists say cannot be counterfeited and can be identified easily by border officials .
Security specialists say the strip is needed to boost the security features of the RFID chip in the passport cards .
L - 1 Identity Solutions announced in March that it won the State Department contract , which has an estimated value of $ 107 million over five years .
The cards are intended for use by travelers in U.S. border communities as a “ less expensive and more portable alternative to the traditional passport book , ” according to the State Department Web site .
The cards are not valid for entry into the United States by travelers arriving by aircraft .
Mr. Hesse , the former Forensic Document Laboratory intelligence chief , stated in a 2006 letter to Mr. Chertoff that he is “ seriously alarmed ” by the use of RFID technology on the passport card .
He also noted that the U.S. permanent residence and border - crossing cards that use the optical security strip are being phased out .
“ With my 30 - plus years experience in the field of travel and identity document security , this is , in my opinion , a shortsighted and extremely risky decision , ” Mr. Hesse stated .
Because the passport card will be widely accepted as an official travel document for entry into the country , “ this card will definitely become the document of choice for counterfeiters , ” Mr. Hesse said .
“ Why would a non-U.S. citizen even bother to counterfeit the green card ?
The PassCard makes you a U.S. citizen and gives you the access to and / or the privileges mentioned above , ” he stated .
“ Therefore , it should be imperative that the U.S. government produce and provide the most secure card as possible . ”
Brian Zimmer , a former House Judiciary Committee investigator , said the new passport cards lack sufficient security features because the State Department did not demand them of the contractor , L - 1 Identity Solutions .
“ It ’s critical that the passport card be made highly counterfeit - resistant , ” said Mr. Zimmer , now head of the Coalition for a Secure Driver ’s License .
“ The State Department should address these deficiencies and change the contract so the manufacturer can address them . ”
Mr. Zimmer was for a time a consultant on the passport card to a subcontractor of General Dynamics .
Frank Moss , a former State Department passport office official who is now a consultant to L - 1 , said the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security set the specifications for the contract .
“ It was government security experts who determined the specifications , ” Mr. Moss said in an interview .
“ The optical stripe , quite honestly , was never used as a stand - alone security feature . ”
The federal government plans to supply only 39 ports of entry with equipment capable of checking the validity of the cards with electronic scanners .
More than 300 other entry points will not have the RFID chip readers .
Kelly Klundt , a spokeswoman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection , said the deployment of passport card readers to the largest and busiest 39 border - entry points was intended to expedite travel .
The more than 300 remaining points of entry without passport card scanners are in remote locations , and officials will visually inspect passport cards at those entry points , she said .
“ Just because there are n’t RFID readers at every entry point does n’t mean we do n’t inspect [ the passport cards ] , ” she said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will join Barack Obama on the campaign trail next week for the first time since Obama emerged as the presumptive Democratic nominee on June 3 .
Obama , an Illinois senator , has been intent on trying to unify the party ahead of the November election after a bitter , 16 - month struggle between the candidates to become the Democratic standard - bearer .
Obama and Clinton will appear together on Friday , June 27 , but the Obama campaign gave no details about the event .
Earlier this week , Obama included several high - profile supporters of Clinton , such as former secretary of state Madeleine Albright and retired Gen.
Wesley Clark in meetings to advise him on national security .
Clinton , a New York senator and former first lady , saw her hopes of becoming the first woman president slip away after she entered the race last year with an aura of inevitability .
Obama , who faces presumptive Republican nominee John McCain , would be the first black U.S. president .
Clinton did not concede defeat right away but in a speech to her supporters four days after Obama had racked up enough delegates to clinch the nomination , she gave Obama an emphatic endorsement .
Clinton and Obama Fight for N.D. Votes -- Again Although she lost the state 's caucus , Clinton wants delegates ' support .
April 5 , 2008 -- Sen. Hillary Clinton made a blunt appeal to North Dakota delegates to switch their support to her , despite the fact that Sen.
Barack Obama handily defeated her in the state 's caucus in February .
In an indication of how tense the battle has become for each Democratic delegate , Obama abandoned the campaign trail in Pennsylvania and scooted to North Dakota for the state party 's annual dinner last night , despite the fact that he 's already won 14 of the state 's 21 delegates as well as six of the state 's seven superdelegates .
The two candidates also will battle for votes tonight in Butte , Mont. , when Democrats there hold their annual dinner .
The Montana primary , which offers only a handful of delegates , is scheduled for June .
Clinton made it clear to North Dakota Democrats last night that she believes there is no such thing as a pledged delegate and highlighted that stubborn streak in her appeal for delegates to switch from Obama to her when the Democratic national party holds its nominating convention this August .
" I am here tonight because I am seeking your support , " Clinton said , adding that she never gives up .
" I know what it 's like to stumble .
I know what it means to get knocked down .
But I 've never stayed down .
I never will and neither will America if we get ready to win this election in November , " she said .
Clinton appealed to hockey fans in the crowd with a reference to the upcoming college hockey championship series , the Frozen Four .
" Can you imagine if the Fighting Sioux [ University of North Dakota hockey team ] had played the Gophers [ University of Minnesota hockey team ] for a tie on Sunday and then given up ?
Well they kept fighting and that 's why they are going to the Frozen Four in Denver next week . "
Obama kept up the hockey theme after accepting a University of North Dakota hockey stick from backer Sen. Byron Dorgan .
Obama joked , " It will have a place of honor in my office , but I promise you I will not wield it because my hockey game is worse than my bowling . "
Last week Obama bowled with potential voters , notable for the number of gutter balls he threw .
Obama did not appear to be upset by his rival 's persistent push for delegates he seemingly had already won .
" No matter how long or heated this primary contest gets , I believe that either Sen.
Clinton or I would do a far better job of leading this country over the next four years than John McCain .
That is something that we can all agree to , " Obama said and offered up his feelings for the unity of the Democratic party after the extended primary .
" So I do n't worry abut the fact that this contest has gone on a long time .
We 're doing fine . "
He was more critical of Republican candidate John McCain , saying he 's offering " four more years of the very same policies that failed us for the last eight . "
He said McCain offers a " can't - do , wo n 't - do , wo n 't - even - try style of politics . "
Thursday , 05 Jun , 2008 Science
Researchers managed to secretly identify the positions of 100,000 people outside U.S. through their mobile phone use .
They claim that the majority of people rarely go more than a few miles from their homes .
This study is the first of its kind .
It was performed by scientists from the Northeastern University .
Though the study brought some specific results , it still raised a number of privacy and ethical questions due to the " spying " methods applied by researchers , which is " de jure " illegal in the United States .
As regarding the results of the study , it should be mentioned that people move around very little throughout their daily life .
About 75 percent of studied people mostly stayed within a 20 mile - wide circle for a half - year period .
Researchers refused to disclose where the study was performed .
They only mentioned that the studied region was an industrialized nation .
For identifying individuals through their cell phones , scientists used cell phone towers .
They tracked people whenever a phone call or a text message was received or made during a period of six months .
During another set of records , scientists analyzed another 206 cell phones that featured tracking devices and every 2 hours received data regarding the locations of people over a period of one week .
Researchers performed their study using cell phone records provided by a private company , which was not revealed .
Cesar Hidalgo is the co-author of the study .
He works as a physics researcher at Northeastern University .
He mentioned that neither he nor his colleagues possessed the individual phone numbers , due to the fact that they were covered by " ugly " 26 - digit - and - letter codes .
, a spokesman for the , outlined that such tracking without any agreement would be illegal in U.S .
The study was published in the journal .
It discloses the area offor making researches and draws attention to a continuously increasing problem called
" This is a new step for science , " outlines Albert - Lazlo Barabasi , the co-author of the study , who holds the position of director of Northeastern 's Center for Complex Network Research .
" For the first time we have a chance to really objectively follow certain aspects of human behavior , " he added .
Albert - Lazlo Barabasi mentioned that most of the time he was concerned with privacy issues , because his colleagues were not aware about which phone numbers were used in the study .
Researchers could not state the precise location of people , only which of the cell phone towers was transmitting the calls .
Scientists began analyzing six million phone numbers and then picked 100,000 at random in order to provide additional level of anonymity for people involved in the research .
Mr. Barabasi said that he did n't consult with any ethics panel .
According to Hidalgo , researchers did not require to check with any ethics panel due to the fact that their experiment did not involve biology , but physics .
" There is plenty going on here that sets off ethical alarm bells about privacy and trustworthiness , " said Arthur Caplan , bioethicist at the University of Pennsylvania .
In an email he wrote that studies performed on normal behavior at public places represent a " fair game for researchers " until someone figures out personalities .
" So if I fight at a soccer match or walk through 30th Street train station in Philly , I can be studied .
But my cell phone is not public .
My cell phone is personal .
Tracking it and thus its owner is an active intrusion into personal privacy , " he said .
" It certainly is a major concern for people who basically do n't like to be tracked and should n't be tracked without their knowledge , " outlined Paul Stephens , policy director at the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse in San Diego .
Hidalgo , the co-author of the study mentioned that statistics and specific examples are different .
He said that people tracked in the research represented more statistics than specific examples .
" In the wrong hands the data could be misused .
But in scientists ' hands you 're trying to look at broad patterns ....
We 're not trying to do evil things .
We 're trying to make the world a little better , " he said , adding that by knowing people 's travel patterns could be of great help to designing transportation systems and provide doctors with useful information on the spread of various diseases .
Commenting on other results of the study Barabasi said : " Despite the fact that we think of ourselves as spontaneous and unpredictable ... we do have our patterns we move along and for the vast majority of people it's a short distance .
There 's a lot of people who do n't like hectic lives .
Travel is such a hassle . "
Powered by www.infoniac.com
At Least One Congressman Has Noticed Rising Oil Prices Posted by Pile ( 6942 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
Is there anyone in Congress paying attention regarding oil ?
Yes , Oregon 's Peter DeFazio railed against the Republican special interests that prevent any real progress from being made on getting control over skyrocketing fuel prices and huge profits being realized by oil companies while consumers struggle with high fuel costs .
See the video that will never make mainstream news ...
The price for regular gasoline reached a record $ 3.53 per gallon today – 23 percent more than this time last year and 140 percent more than when President Bush took office .
The Democratic - led Congress has passed a number of key bills to reduce the burden of rising gas prices on Americans and make America less dependent on foreign oil – but the President has threatened to veto each one .
House Democrats call on President Bush to support House - passed legislation such as the No Oil Producing and Exporting Cartels ( NOPEC ) Act , The Energy Price Gouging Act , and the Renewable Energy and Energy Conservation Tax Act and bring real relief to America ’s families and businesses now .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
En Garde meat products !
Armed with your BBQ sword you can finally take your rightful place at the grill as the Musketeer of meats .
Plus , with the handy eye mask that is included , you can maintain your secret identity .
Just remember , theatrics are the name of the game for any superhero — so make sure to " sign " your KC masterpieces with a Zorro - esque slash of your sword .
Available soon for around $ 29 .
[ Firebox via NOTCOT ]
Advertisement
Scientists have created the first genetically modified human embryo .
What does this mean to you ?
Led by Nikica Zaninovic , researchers at Cornell University added a green fluorescent protein to an embryo left over from assisted reproduction .
They destroyed the embryo five days later .
It is believed to be the first documented genetic modification of a human embryo .
British newspaper
The Times reports that Zaninovic 's feat was announced at the American Society for Reproductive Medicine annual meeting in
2007 , but was only publicized recently when the United Kingdom 's reproductive technology regulators reviewed the research .
The House of Commons is about to consider legislation permitting this and other controversial reproductive technologies , such as the creation of chimeras – human - animal hybrid embryos .
The research raises a number of thorny ethical questions .
Though adding a fluorescent protein was not aimed at enhancement , but rather to illuminate developing embryos , scientists say that modified embryos could be used to research human diseases .
They say embryos would n't be allowed to develop for more than a few weeks , much less implanted in a woman and brought to term .
If the embryos were allowed to develop , genetic modifications – which would be permanent and passed to future generations – might prevent disease .
Modifications might also be used for other reasons – physical appearance , intellectual prowess , personality – though the necessary science remains hypothetical at this point .
Developing such techniques would necessarily entail trial - and - error and risk - taking with human life .
David King , director of Human Genetics Alert , a bioethics watchdog group , told The Times that
" This is the first step on the road that will lead to the nightmare of designer babies and a new eugenics .
The HFEA is right to say that the creation and legalisation of GM embryos raises ‘ large ethical and public interest issues ’ but neglects to mention that these have not been debated at all . "
So let 's have that debate .
What do you think , Wired Science readers ?
Should genetically modified embryos be used in research , but not reproduction ?
Both ?
Neither ?
Scientist team creates first GM human embryo [ The Times ]
Note : Be sure to read Your Take on the First Genetically Modified Human Embryo * and GM Embryo : Setting the Record Straight .*
* Image : Five - day - old ( unmodified ) human embryo , courtesy of the Wellcome Trust .
They provide information about the UK's proposed Human Fertilisation and
Embryology Bill here . *
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " My only hope for productivity is to smuggle in my home laptop " CLAMP CLAMP CLAMP Mordac says , " Now hand over the non-standard cell phone you keep in the elastic of your underpants . "
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - General Electric Co GE.N expects its nascent solar - energy business to hit the $ 1 billion annual revenue mark over the next three years or so , with its key challenge to make the green energy source less costly , the head of the unit said on Monday .
John Krenicki , president and chief executive of GE Energy , speaks at the Reuters Global Energy Summit in New York June 2 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
“ I ’m very optimistic about solar .
I think it will be a billion - dollar business for GE sooner rather than later , ” said John Krenicki , president and chief executive of GE Energy , which has businesses ranging from gas turbines to nuclear power to windmills .
Asked about how long it would take the solar arm to hit that mark , Krenicki told the Reuters Global Energy Summit : “ In a three - year time horizon , which is kind of our planning period right now . ”
The unit , which sells photovoltaic cells that can be used to convert the sun ’s rays into electricity , currently has over $ 100 million in revenues .
Rocketing energy prices -- U.S. oil futures CLc1 last month topped $ 130 a barrel for the first time -- and concern about climate change have spurred global interest in alternative sources of energy , including solar and wind .
Still , a big hurdle for many green energy sources is the high cost .
That is the biggest concern GE ’s solar business is facing , Krenicki said .
“ If you think about the solar that ’s on the market today , it ’s six , seven times more expensive than wind , ” Krenicki said .
“ Solar requires material science breakthroughs , which is something that GE is good at . ”
GE , the second - largest U.S. company by market capitalization , entered the solar - energy business in 2004 when it acquired AstroPower , a maker of traditional photovoltaic cells and last year expanded into thin - film solar cells when it bought a minority stake in PrimeStar Solar .
That acquisition may prove to be a key step as the thin - film technology does not depend on silicon .
Tight supplies of silicon have slowed the solar industry ’s growth .
“ Thin film has a great chance to be the lowest cost scalable form of solar power generation , ” Krenicki said .
The Fairfield , Connecticut - based conglomerate is not counting on further acquisitions to hit its $ 1 billion target for solar , Krenicki said .
“ If someone has technology that we do n’t have , then that would be of interest , ” he said .
“ But right now I think we have what we need , and we ’d apply the wind business model , which is we ’ll do it organically once we ’ve done the initial investments . ”
The solar sector has caught Wall Street 's attention , with shares of major solar cell companies , including First Solar Inc FSLR.O , SunPower Corp SPWR.O , Suntech Power Holdings Co Ltd STP.N and Evergreen Solar Inc ESLR .
O rocketing up last year , only to cool in the first months of 2008 amid concerns their valuations had swelled too quickly .
“ We ’re not going to dabble in the solar business , ” Krenicki said .
“ We will put the pedal to the accelerator once it is very clear what our competitive advantage is . ”
GE ’s wind business is on track to hit the $ 6 billion revenue mark this year .
GE entered that business in 2002 , buying the wind turbine assets of the former Enron .
Krenicki noted that GE now has orders for its electricity - generating wind turbines through 2011 and plans to continue to boost production capacity .
“ We have pretty good visibility out about three years , and are building up our supply chain in that time period and beyond , ” he said .
GE 's competitors in the energy industry include German conglomerate Siemens AG SIEGn .DE , Swiss engineering group ABB Ltd ABBN.VX and French industrial and power group Alstom Holdings SA ALSO .
PA .
( Editing by Gerald E. McCormick / Jeffrey Benkoe )
Okay , so we 're not exactly doctors , but we could n't help but be intrigued by PEAK Surgical 's announcement today that its PlasmaBlade electrosurgery scalpel had completed preclinical testing with positive results .
Unlike traditional electrosurgery tools like the bovie cutter , the PlasmaBlade operates at low temperatures , using pulsed plasma energy to cut tissue and control bleeding .
Then , stupidly , we watched the video .
Let 's just say now that it no longer matters to us that surgeons using the PEAK PlasmaBlade produce " minimal collateral damage " to tissue and that bleeding was reduced .
Sure , it 's great for the surgeons , but our eyes ?
Not going to be the same . [ Via MedGadget Read - PEAK PlasmaBlade press release Watch - PEAK PlasmaBlade demo video ( WARNING : not for the squeamish , we mean it ! )
One day , inflatable robots shaped like giant soccer balls could invade mars .
Fredrik Bruhn from Angström Aerospace in Sweden and an international team have developed a 30 cm ball that inflates with xenon gas upon landing .
The robot would use a pendulum hanging from a bar inside as it ’s means of propulsion .
One battery charge would allow it to travel 100 kilometers .
Another Swedish company called Rotundus already has a working prototype of a spherical robot called GroundBot , but this robot is not inflatable .
When the robot is deflated and stowed away , it takes up half of the space of conventional wheeled robots .
The robot will also contain solar cells , cameras and electrodes to sense electrical properties on the ground .
Link via ( New Scientist )
“ We are doing what we can as shareholders , ” said the Rev. Michael H. Crosby , a 68 - year - old Capuchin priest who has had discussions with nine companies on behalf of 20 Roman Catholic orders this year .
“ We come out of a religious tradition , but we are not engaged in a messianic enterprise .
We are one voice among many seeking equitable access to health care for all . ”
Religious groups and labor unions hold billions of dollars worth of stock in their pension and health benefit plans .
They submitted the same basic health care proposal to three dozen large companies , and they say they have received respectful hearings at many .
“ We are working for a national policy that provides universal access to health care , and we do hold more than 30,000 shares of General Electric stock , ” said Barbara Kraemer , a Roman Catholic nun who is national president of the School Sisters of St. Francis .
“ As we pursued the proposal with G. E. , the company requested a dialogue in lieu of the shareholder resolution , so we withdrew it .
The dialogue was productive , resulting in G. E. ’s public endorsement of the Institute of Medicine principles . ”
Labor unions and religious groups said they intended to broaden the proxy campaign by bringing in more pension plans next year .
If the dialogue between companies and shareholders were to continue , as expected , it could help bridge the divide that has frustrated earlier efforts to cover the uninsured .
Opposition from businesses was one of the major factors that sank President Bill Clinton ’s proposal for universal coverage in 1994 .
But businesses of all sizes are clamoring for relief from high health costs and have concluded they cannot solve the problem by themselves .
Under the commission ’s rules , a company does not have to allow shareholders to vote on a proposal if it “ deals with a matter relating to the company ’s ordinary business operations , ” for which management is responsible .
But the commission said it was appropriate for shareholders to express their views to company management by voting on “ significant social policy issues ” beyond day - to - day business matters .
Why am I seeing this page ?
The website at the domain name you entered improperly used craigslist 's trademark and / or provided content that violated or allowed others to violate craigslist 's Terms of Use .
The domain name has since been transferred to craigslist .
craigslist does not permit automated posting to craigslist.org or using others as agents to post content to craigslist.org .
Users who post non-local or irrelevant content , repeatedly post the same or similar content , or otherwise abuse craigslist 's services detract from the user experience for all craigslist patrons .
craigslist takes its intellectual property rights and Terms of Use seriously , and will take those steps necessary to protect its site and its users .
Where do I go from here ?
You can :
Barack Obama and John McCain are busy demonstrating that in close elections during tough economic times , candidates for president can be economically illiterate and irresponsibly populist .
In Raleigh , N.C. , last week , Sen. Obama promised , " I 'll make oil companies like Exxon pay a tax on their windfall profits , and we 'll use the money to help families pay for their skyrocketing energy costs and other bills . "
Set aside for a minute that Jimmy Carter passed a " windfall profits tax " to devastating effect , putting American oil companies at a competitive disadvantage to foreign competitors , virtually ending domestic energy exploration , and making the U.S. more dependent on foreign sources of oil and gas .
Instead ask this :
Why should we stop with oil companies ?
They make about 8.3 cents in gross profit per dollar of sales .
Why does n't Mr. Obama slap a windfall profits tax on sectors of the economy that have fatter margins ?
Electronics make 14.5 cents per dollar and computer equipment makers take in 13.7 cents per dollar , according to the Census Bureau .
Microsoft 's margin is 27.5 cents per dollar of sales .
Call out Mr. Obama 's Windfall Profits Police !
It 's not the profit margin , but the total number of dollars earned that is the problem , Mr. Obama might say .
But if that were the case , why is n't he targeting other industries ?
Oil and gas companies made $ 86.5 billion in profits last year .
At the same time , the financial services industry took in $ 498.5 billion in profits , the retail industry walked away with $ 137.5 billion , and information technology companies made off with $ 103.4 billion .
What kind of special outrage does Mr. Obama have for these companies ?
Recently I have been reading Programming Collective Intelligence by Toby Seragan .
I love the subject .
It ’s all about handling large data sets and finding useful information out of it .
Finally an algorithm book that covers useful algorithms .
I do n’t read code - centric books very often because I think they are boring , but this one has a great variety of examples that keep it interesting as the chapters advance .
There are also real world examples using web services to fetch realistic data .
My only problem with the book is that there are way too many code samples .
It may just be my training , but there are some situations where just writing the formula would have been a lot better .
Code is good , but when there is a strong mathematical foundation to it , the formula should be provided .
Unlike computer languages , mathematics as a language has been developed for hundreds of years and it provides a concise , unambiguous syntax .
I like the author ’s effort to write the code as a proof of concept , but I think it belongs in an appendix or on the web rather than between paragraphs .
Which one do you prefer ?
def rbf( v1, v2 , gamma=20 ) : dv = [ v1 [ i ] - v2 [ i ] for i in rang e ( len ( v1 ) ) ] l=veclength ( dv ) return math .e**(- gamma*l )
or
For that kind of code , I vote # 2 any time .
I ’m not a Python programmer .
I can read it without any problem , but that vector substraction did seem a little arcane at first and it took me a few seconds to figure out , and I ’m about certain that even a seasoned Python programmer would have stopped on that one .
It ’s not that it takes really long to figure it out , but it really keeps you away from what is really important about the function .
What was important was that you want to score points that are far away from each other a lower value than those that are close by .
Anyone who has done math could figure it out from the formula because it ’s a common pattern .
From the code , would you even bother to read it ?
This is a very short code sample .
In fact , it ’s small enough that every single detail of it can fit into your short term memory .
Here is an example that probably does not .
In fact , I made your life a lot easier here because this code was scattered across 4 different pages in the book .
def euclidean ( p , q ) : sumSq=0.0 for i in range ( len ( p ) ) : sumSq +=( p [ i ] - q [ i ] ) * * 2 return ( sumSq * * 0.5 ) def getdistances ( data, vec1 ) : distancelist= [ ] for i in range ( len ( data ) ) : vec2=data [ i ] [ ' input ' ] distancelist.append(( euclidean( vec1,vec2 ) ,i) distancelist.sort ( ) return distancelist def gaussian ( dist , sigma=10.0 ) : exp=math .e**(- dist**2/(2*sigma** 2 ) ) return ( 1/( sigma*(2*math . pi )** 0.5 ) ) * exp def weightedknn ( data , vec1,k=5,weightf=gaussian ) : dlist=getdistances ( data, vec1 ) avg=0.0 totalweight=0.0 for i in range ( k ) : dist=dlist [ i ] [ 0 ] idx=dlist [ i ] [ 1 ] weight=weightf( dist ) avg+=weight* data[idx ] [' result ' ] totalweight + =weight avg=avg / totalweight return avg
or
The formula is insanely shorter , and the notation could certainly be improved .
What ’s the trick ?
It relies on well documented language features like vector operations and trims out all the python - specific code .
I actually wrote more than I had to because gaussian itself is well defined in math .
Because all operations used are well defined , whichever language you use will probably support them and you can use the best possible tool for your platform .
The odds that I use Python when I get to use those algorithms is low , so why should I have to bother with the language specifics ?
The author actually included the formula for some function in the appendix .
I just think it should be the other way around .
Ford vs. Jeep slugfest has been going on for generations
The same nanotech approaches being explored to deliver drugs exactly to the cells where they are needed also provide a technology base that might lead to permanent enhancements of human metabolism .
Excerpts from “ Cell ‘ organs ’ get plastic upgrades “ , by Tamsin Osborne at NewScientist.com news service :
Human cells could have their metabolisms upgraded without altering their genes by inserting tiny plastic packages of enzymes , Swiss researchers have shown .
They hope the technique could allow advanced cancer therapies , or even upgrade a person ’s metabolism .
The cells of multi-cellular organisms and some advanced single - celled organisms have internal compartments called organelles to carry out specialised metabolic functions .
Researchers at University of Basel , Switzerland , used artificial polymer organelles to upgrade live human cells in a lab dish .
Meier and colleagues coated their polymer vesicles in a chemical that encouraged human white blood cells called macrophages to engulf them .
The small capsules contained enzymes , just like natural organelles .
The enzymes chosen produced fluorescent chemicals , signalling they were working without problems inside their new host .
The artificial organelle ’s membrane can be chemically tuned to control which chemicals can pass through it and regulate the reactions inside , according to Wolfgang Meier , one of the researchers .
“ We call it a ‘ nanoreactor ’ , ” he says .
At 200 nanometres across , the organelles are 400 times smaller in width than a human hair .
Meier says the artificial organelles would also work in other human cells , opening up the possibility of a new cancer therapy that tricks diseased cells into poisoning themselves from the inside out …
Traffic statistics for the Web page http://reverent.org/true_art_or_fake_art.html, where the long periods of low activity and short bursts of high activity are similar to other sites that the researchers analyzed .
Credit : Simkin and Roychowdhury .
Although the Internet contains well over 100 million Web sites , two electrical engineers think they know what the traffic patterns of the entire Web look like .
Mikhail Simkin and Vwani Roychowdhury , electrical engineers from both the University of California Los Angeles and NetSeer.com , have constructed a model of the Web using the traffic statistics of just three Web pages : reverent.org/true_art_or_fake_art.html , reverent.org/sounds_like_faulkner.html , ecclesiastes911.net/disumbrated_art.html .
( Traffic patterns from a dozen other Web pages the researchers studied were very similar . )
Using several years of data from these three pages , the researchers show how the Internet overall reaches a self - organized critical ( SOC ) state with long - lasting traffic .
“ One of the main implications of our findings is that traffic and [ the corresponding ] fame is a prolonged phenomenon instead of a one - time fling , and recurs in a spasmodic fashion , ” Roychowdhury told PhysOrg.com .
Most of the time , traffic to any single Web page is relatively low and steady , where visitors come from search engines , Web directories , online encyclopedias , and other constant sources .
But these long periods of low traffic are interrupted by bursts of heavy traffic that follow a power law , usually the effect of numerous blog entries linking to those pages .
The researchers use a branching model to describe the probability and extent of these bursts .
Basically , there ’s a certain probability that a viewer will post a blog entry with a link to that Web page , and then a certain number of viewers who will visit the Web page via the blogger ’s link .
The product of these two variables determines whether or not a Web page will reach the critical value of 1 , which determines if the branch keeps growing or dead - ends .
“ A system is in a critical state if a single movement in an individual constituent element leads , on the average , to the movement of precisely one other element in the system , ” Roychowdhury explained .
If a system is in a super - or sub-critical state , movement of one element leads , on average , to the movement of either more or less than one other element , respectively .
That means that a signal generated in a super - critical system should increase forever , while a signal in a sub-critical system eventually dies out .
“ But in a critical system , something very interesting happens , ” Roychowdhury said .
“ Almost all signal cascades will die out , but some of them can last for a long time and can cover a large area .
Clearly , sub- and super - critical systems are not that interesting unless we want a system that is either not that responsive or a system that explodes at the slightest provocation .
Critical systems , on the other hand , allow for a responsive system to exist without it being blown apart .
Many physical systems naturally gravitate towards a critical state , and this phenomenon is termed SOC . ”
As the researchers explain , competition for viewers and links is a driving force of the Web , and this competition pushes the entire Web into an SOC state .
Based on their data , the researchers determined the values for the two variables above for the “ true art or fake art ” site that closely produce its traffic patterns : they found that its link probability of 0.01 and referral number of 95 visitors per link results in a slightly sub-critical value of 0.95 for that particular Web page .
But since some
Web pages are more interesting than others , some pages will achieve the critical value of 1 or even surpass it .
“ To explain how the Web evolves into the SOC state , we need to use the concept of Darwinian fitness , which is a scientific measure of digital fangs and claws that help the Web page to fight for links with its competitors , ” Simkin said .
“ The success in this competition depends not only on the Web page 's own fitness , but also on the average fitness of other pages currently discussed in the blogosphere , with which our Web page competes . ”
If this average is low , Simkin explained , then the fittest papers are super - critical .
This means that , with time , they increase their share of the blogosphere .
But in turn , this leads to the increase of the average fitness .
The process continues until the fittest pages become exactly critical .
“ One finding that is important for Webmasters is that our work disproves the so - called fifteen minutes of fame paradigm , according to which things can get popular soon after release and quickly become forgotten , ” Simkin said .
“ One , of course , knows that this paradigm is manifestly wrong for immortal classics .
However , our work shows it to be wrong not only for great creations , but for anything which is of any intrinsic ( not created by advertisement ) merit . ”
The researchers found that the traffic to a Web page with fixed content can persist for at least several years .
“ So one should not hurry to delete old Web pages , ” Simkin said .
“ When there is enough – say a year – of access statistics , our model can be used to infer a page 's fitness and predict the average volume and fluctuations of future traffic . ”
Roychowdhury is a cofounder and Simkin a consultant for a start - up company called NetSeer.com that focuses on next - generation Internet advertising .
The company utilizes similar physics - based modeling of the Web , though not the direct results of the present study .
The researchers add that the Web is just one of many complex systems that exhibit self - organized criticality , with other examples including evolutionary patterns , earthquakes , and citations in research papers .
They suggest that their model could also be used to explain the spreading of cultural elements , like movies , books , and fashion styles .
More information : Simkin , M. V. and Roychowdhury , V. P. “ A theory of web traffic . ” Europhysics Letters , 82 ( 2008 ) 28006 .
Copyright 2008 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Supercomputer analyzes web traffic across entire internet
Twenty - seven years after we saw the first installment of the Indiana Jones series , the fourth movie , Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull opens nationwide tomorrow .
In honor of the occasion , we 'll take a look at all the movies and tell you some stories you may not know about the Indy franchise .
Raiders of the Lost Ark ( 1981 )
1. It Started with Bond Ambitions
George Lucas wrote a story called " The Adventures of Indiana Smith " in 1973 .
While on vacation in Hawaii in 1977 , he spoke with Steven Spielberg , who mentioned he always wanted to do a James Bond film .
Lucas told him the Indiana Smith character was even better than James Bond , and that 's how the collaboration between the two movie giants began .
*
2. Tom Selleck Almost Starred in It
Spielberg wanted to use Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones from the beginning , but Lucas rejected the idea , since he had already used Ford in American Grafitti and Star Wars .
So Tom Selleck was chosen for the role .
However , he dropped out to star in the television series Magnum , P.I. Selleck thought it would be a scheduling conflict , but filming on Raiders of the Lost Ark finished before Magnum went into production .
Nick Nolte turned down the role also .
Danny DeVito was the first choice for the character Sallah , but dropped out to do the TV show Taxi .
3. The Fourth Wall ( it keeps out snakes )
Indiana Jones is not the only one afraid of snakes .
When Marion ( Karen Allen ) falls in the snake pit , you can see the reflection of a cobra in the glass wall between them .
You can also see a glass wall between Indiana and the cobra in the original movie and videotape , but it was cleaned up for the DVD release .
The Temple of Doom ( 1984 )
4. Star Wars Tributes
There are many Star Wars touches in The Temple of Doom .
The name of the nightclub in Shanghai is Club Obi Wan .
The sound effect you hear when the lava pit opens as they begin to sacrifice Willie is the sound of Darth Vader opening his light saber .
The sound effect of the plane failure is the same sound effect used for the Millennium Falcon when it stalls in The Empire Strikes Back .
And the vest that Indy wears in his palace room was made for Han Solo .
*
5. Dan Akroyd has a Cameo ?
Part of the crew made cameo appearances .
In the airport scene at the beginning of the movie , Steven Spielberg , George Lucas , costume design Anthony Powell , and PR man Sid Ganis are missionaries .
Executive producer George Marshall is a coolie pulling a rickshaw .
Dan Akroyd ( not a crew member ) appears as an airport official who walks the cast to the plane .
6 . An Elephant Almost Ruined the Movie
The dress Kate Capshaw wore in the Shanghai nightclub scene was covered with rare vintage beads made in the ' 20s and '30s .
The club scene was filmed last , but the dress also made an appearance during the camping scene , where an elephant began eating it !
Since there were no extra beads to match , the costume department had to repair the dress as best as they could .
The result was so tight that Capshaw had trouble moving in it when they filmed the nightclub scene .
Costume designer Anthony Powell filled out insurance forms for the dress , citing the cause of the damage as " dress eaten by elephant " .
This was only the second movie for Capshaw , who has a masters degree in special education .
Spielberg married Capshaw in 1991 .
The Last Crusade ( 1989 )
7. Even the Rats were Insured
The thousands of rats used in The Last Crusade were insured .
The insurer wanted to know the minimum number of rats the scene could be shot with , and used the answer to write a policy with a " 1,000 rat deductible . " 
The cast was padded with another thousand mechanical rats .
Their voices were enhanced with the sound effects of .... chicken voices !
*
8. Lucas ' Dog was his Inspiration
At the end of the movie , Jones explains to his friend Sallah that his nickname Indiana came from his pet dog from long before .
Sallah responds , " You were named after a dog ? "  and gets a great laugh out of it .
But it 's true .
Indiana was the name of an Alaskan malamute George Lucas owned in the '70s .
The same dog inspired the look of the Star Wars character Chewbacca .
Jones ' real first name is Henry , which is why his father Henry Jones , Sr. calls him Junior .
The characters Willie and Short Round in The Temple of Doom were also named after other people 's dogs .
The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ( 2008 )
9 . The Sequel Almost Involved Mars
Nineteen years is a long time to come up with a new title for a movie , and many were posed before producers settled on Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull .
Fake titles that have been released over the years include Indiana Jones and the Staff of Moses , Indiana Jones and the Shores of Avalon , Indiana Jones and the Jade Princess , Indiana Jones and the Raiders of Time , and Indiana Jones and the Ravages of Time .
Real script titles or ideas that were rejected were Indiana Jones and the Garden of Life , Indiana Jones and the Monkey King , Indiana Jones and the Saucer Men From Mars , and Indiana Jones and the Red Scare .
Working titles for The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull have included Fourth Installment of the Indiana Jones Adventures , Indiana Jones 4 , Indiana Jones and the City of the Gods , Raiders of the Lost Ark Sequel , and The Untitled Genre Project .
It is clear that a lot of work went into the movie before they even knew what it would be about !
10 . The Secret of the Film's Look
Great pains were taken to give the fourth movie the look and feel of the first three , despite the time gap .
Steven Spielberg insisted on using stunt men instead of computer animation .
Computer - generated effects are used only when absolutely necessary .
The footage was shot on film instead of digital format .
Cinematographer Janusz Kaminski painstakingly studied the first three movies in order to preserve the style of previous cinematographer Douglas Slocombe ( who is now retired ) .
The result looks , as George Lucas said , " like it was shot 3 years after the Last Crusade , you 'd never know there was 20 years between shooting . "
Unlike a certain other George Lucas franchise we all know and love .
* * * * *
Test your knowledge of the franchise with Stacy Conradt 's Indiana Jones quiz .
ANN ARBOR — Lovers and public health officials want an answer to the following question :
How many opposite - sex partners have you had in your lifetime ?
The answer , statisticians say , ought to be the same , on average , for any large group of men and women .
But most surveys in the United States , the United Kingdom and other nations find that men report two - to - four times as many sexual partners as do women .
Are men lying to inflate their sexual reputations ?
Are women lying to downplay their sexual experience ?
Psychologist Norman R. Brown believes this ” macho and maiden ” hypothesis is the wrong explanation .
Most men and women do n’t intentionally misrepresent their sexual histories , he maintains .
Instead , his studies show that male - female differences in the methods used to estimate the number of partners one has had is the major reason for the discrepancy .
“ Women are more likely to rely on enumeration , ” said Brown , a visiting research scientist at the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research . ”
They tend to say , ? I just know , ’ and if you ask them to explain how they know , they say , ?
Well , there was John , Tom , etc . ’
This is a strategy that typically leads to underestimation .
“ Men are twice as likely to use rough approximation to answer the question .
And rough approximation is a strategy known to produce over - estimation . ”
Brown , a professor of psychology at the University of Alberta , and colleagues Robert Sinclair of Laurentian University and Sean Moore of the Augustana College , have conducted several studies of this issue .
The largest and most recent is a Web - based survey conducted in fall 2005 .
The researchers polled a Knowledge Networks panel of 2,065 heterosexual , U.S. non-virgins with a median age in their late 40s .
The average number of sexual partners the women reported was 8.6 .
The average number the men reported was 31.9 .
“ The men in this survey were producing egregiously elevated responses , ” Brown said .
To try to sort out how much the discrepancy was due to the use of different estimating methods and how much was due to flat - out lying , Brown and colleagues first asked respondents how many sexual partners they had in their lifetimes and how they generated their partner estimates .
Later in the survey , they asked them to rate the truthfulness of their answers to that question .
To Brown ’s surprise , 5 percent of the men and 4 percent of the women indicated they had not been truthful when they answered the sexual - partners question , and an additional 16 percent of the men and 11 percent of the women indicated they provided a response that they knew to be inaccurate .
Thus , in total , 21 percent of the men and 15 percent of the women admitted they had lied and / or they had provided an inaccurate partner count .
“ They gave an answer and then two minutes later admitted they had lied about the answer , ” Brown said .
Analyzing the responses of these admitted liars , whom Brown calls ” self - incriminators , ” compared to other respondents who said they were telling the truth , he found that self - incriminators composed more than half of all respondents who said they had had more than 50 lifetime sex partners .
More concretely , there were 39 self - incriminators among the 76 men who claimed that they had had more than 50 partners , and there were 11 self - incriminators among the 17 women who indicated the same thing .
Brown also found that self - incriminators were more likely than other respondents to use rough approximation as a method of identifying the number of sex partners and that removing these self - incriminators from the sample significantly reduced the gender discrepancy in reports of sex partners .
However , removing the self - incriminators did not eliminate the discrepancy nor did it alter the relationship between gender and strategy use .
Brown and his colleagues concluded that ” bad - faith ” responding is one part of the story and that cognitive factors also play an important role .
Brown and colleagues are now analyzing data from a large - scale telephone survey designed to see if Web - based surveys encourage or support extreme response patterns .
Maybe the high - count , self - incriminators are just ” flaming trolls , ” Brown said . ”
They could be liars who lie about lying . ”
Established in 1948 , the Institute for Social Research is among the world ’s oldest survey research organizations , and a world leader in the development and application of social science methodology .
ISR conducts some of the most widely cited studies in the nation , including the Survey of Consumer Attitudes , the National Election Studies , the Monitoring the Future Study , the Panel Study of Income Dynamics , the Health and Retirement Study and the National Survey of Black Americans .
ISR researchers also collaborate with social scientists in more than 60 nations on the World Values Surveys and other projects , and the Institute has established formal ties with universities in Poland , China , and South Africa .
ISR is also home to the Inter - University Consortium for Political and Social Research , the world ’s largest computerized social science data archive .
Visit the ISR Web site at www.isr.umich.edu for more information .
Back when the dot - com boom was first booming , the European Union created a four - year Safer Internet Action Plan , designed to limit illegal and harmful activities on the ' Net .
That plan got a two - year extension , and then morphed into the four - year Safer Internet plus Programme .
With that program 's term coming to a close at the end of 2008 , the EU has decided to drop the plus and add a year , as they approved a new Safer Internet Programme , which will receive € 55 million over the course of the next five years .
Previous efforts have focused on both illegal and harmful content .
For the EU , even defining illegality can be a challenge ; one of the documents describing the plan notes that " what is considered to be illegal varies from country to country , is defined by the applicable national law and is dealt with by law enforcement and other government bodies .
Despite many common features , there are significant differences of detail between the laws of Member States and of third countries where content may be produced or hosted . "
A definition of harmful content was also a challenge for the EU .
Their effort will focus on material that could be damaging to children , which , " can range from pornography and violence to racism , xenophobia , hate speech and music , self - mutilation , anorexia and suicide sites . "
The difficulty of focusing this work is apparent throughout , as revealed in another document that indicates , " the new programme also covers other media , such as videos , and explicitly addresses the fight against racism , and also ' spam . ' "
Given the huge range of issues to tackle , previous efforts have focused primarily on awareness .
The Programme has produced literature evaluating the effectiveness of filtering software , and holds an annual " Safer Internet Day " in member countries .
( In case you missed it , it was February 12 , meaning you have plenty of time to plan for next year 's . )
The group also promoted self - regulatory and content - labeling initiatives for both content providers and device manufacturers .
It has taken some practical steps , such as setting up hotlines for reporting potential Internet - based crimes .
These serve a valuable function for Internet crimes , as local citizens sometimes do n't know which authority to turn to .
Scenes from a Safer Internet day . ©
European Community , 2008
The approval for the new program came in part through an evaluation of the work of its prior incarnations .
That evaluation concluded that the efforts were worthwhile , but that both Internet content and the hardware used to access it were evolving rapidly , and the Programme needed additional funds to stay on top of these changes .
In addition to the continuation of previous work , the new program will focus on awareness of the risks associated with mobile devices , put greater emphasis on dealing with spam , and create a forum where national and industry - wide regulatory bodies can share experience .
It 's easy to fault the EU for having vague goals and focusing on voluntary solutions .
But , given the range of both local laws and community standards they have to deal with , it 's not clear how much else the EU can do .
The easiest solution might be to do nothing , but it 's not clear that inaction is an option in the face of rising frustration with spam and the regular appearance of press noting the dangers that the Internet poses to unsupervised children .
Descriptive introduction to physics :
No prior physics is required .
Moreover , even if you are a physics major , you will find that most of the material is new .
Physics majors spend so much time learning the math and to abstract calculations that they often do not get to the important results .
This course is now open for physics majors too , in fact , is is an excellent supplement for your other physics courses .
Classical Mechanics :
In addition to the basic concepts of Newtonian Mechanics , Fluid Mechanics , and Kinetic Gas Theory , a variety of interesting topics are covered in this course : Binary Stars , Neutron Stars , Black Holes , Resonance Phenomena , Musical Instruments , Stellar Collapse , Supernovae , Astronomical observations from very high flying balloons ( lecture # 35 ) , and you will be allowed a peek into the intriguing Quantum World .
Introductory Physics
Introduction to forces , kinetics , equilibria , fluids , waves , and heat .
This course presents concepts and methodologies for understanding physical phenomena , and is particularly useful preparation for upper division study in biology and architecture .
Electricity and Magnetism :
In addition to the basic concepts of Electromagnetism , a vast variety of interesting topics are covered in this course : Lightning , Pacemakers , Electric Shock Treatment , Electrocardiograms , Metal Detectors , Musical Instruments , Magnetic Levitation , Bullet Trains , Electric Motors , Radios , TV , Car Coils , Superconductivity , Aurora Borealis , Rainbows , Radio Telescopes , Interferometers , Particle Accelerators ( a.k.a. Atom Smashers or Colliders ) , Mass Spectrometers , Red Sunsets , Blue Skies , Haloes around Sun and Moon , Color Perception , Doppler Effect , Big -Bang Cosmology .
Vibrations and Waves :
In addition to the traditional topics of mechanical vibrations and waves , coupled oscillators , and electro - magnetic radiation , students will also learn about musical instruments , red sunsets , glories , coronae , rainbows , haloes , X - ray binaries , neutron stars , black holes and big - bang cosmology .
Symmetry , Structure , and Tensor Properties of Materials
This course covers the derivation of symmetry theory ; lattices , point groups , space groups , and their properties ; use of symmetry in tensor representation of crystal properties , including anisotropy and representation surfaces ; and applications to piezoelectricity and elasticity .
I will post other links in a few days .
Related Posts
These are the free physics video and audio courses .
They are ordered based on their difficulty , starting with easiest first and ending with the most difficult .
Also if you love physics , check out my friend 's video websites dedicated to three famous physicists :
And here are the physics video lectures :
Workers at the plant are also accused of animal cruelty
It comes from a company in California , which officials said allowed meat from cattle unable to stand at the time of slaughter to enter the food chain .
But the USDA said the health hazard was minimal .
Much of the meat was purchased for federal nutrition programmes .
The meat - packing plant is also being investigated for animal cruelty .
The USDA had suspended operations there earlier this month after an undercover video came to light showing crippled and sick animals being mistreated .
Caution
The USDA recall affected frozen beef products from the Westland / Hallmark Meat Co in Chino , California , dating back to 1 February 2006 .
We do n't think there is a health hazard , but we do have to take this action
Dick Raymond
USDA
The move surpasses a 1999 recall of 35 m lbs ( 15.9 m kg ) of ready - to - eat meals , which were thought to possibly be contaminated with listeria , officials said .
An estimated 37 m lbs ( 16.8 m kg ) of the beef recalled on Sunday went to school lunch programmes and other federal nutrition programmes , the USDA said .
Some was also supplied to major fast - food chains .
But officials said most of the recalled meat has probably already been eaten .
The USDA classified the recall as Class 2 - meaning there is a remote probability that the product could harm health if consumed - and said investigators had found no cases of illness related to the meat .
An undercover video showed cattle being prodded with a forklift truck
" We do n't know how much product is out there right now .
We do n't think there is a health hazard , but we do have to take this action , " Dick Raymond , USDA undersecretary for food safety told the Associated Press .
In a statement , Agriculture Secretary Ed Shafer said he had been " dismayed by the inhumane handling of cattle " that resulted in the violation of food safety regulations at Westland / Hallmark .
" It is extremely unlikely that these animals were at risk for BSE [ mad cow disease ] because of the multiple safeguards ; however this action is necessary because plant procedures violated USDA regulations , " he added .
' Downer cattle '
The recall was ordered after USDA officials said the plant did not consistently order " complete and proper " inspections of cattle which had lost the ability to walk prior to slaughter .
Such " downer " cattle are at greater risk of contamination by E. coli , salmonella or contracting mad cow disease , as they have weaker immune systems and greater contact with faeces than walking cattle .
A recall of this staggering scale proves that it 's past time for Congress and the USDA to strengthen our laws for the sake of people and animals
Wayne Pacelle
Humane Society of the US
They should either be removed from the food supply , or receive a more thorough inspection following slaughter , officials say .
Operations at the plant had already been suspended earlier this month following the broadcast of an undercover video shot by the Humane Society of the United States .
The video showed crippled and ill animals being prodded with the blades of a forklift truck , kicked , given electric shocks and sprayed with high - pressure water hoses by staff in an effort to get them to their feet before slaughter .
" A recall of this staggering scale proves that it 's past time for Congress and the USDA to strengthen our laws for the sake of people and animals , " said the Humane Society 's president , Wayne Pacelle .
Two former employees , including a slaughter pen manager , were charged with animal cruelty by California prosecutors on Friday .
No charges have been filed against Westland / Hallmark , but the USDA investigation continues .
In a statement issued on 3 February , Westland / Hallmark president Steve Mendell said it was co-operating with the USDA and called the practices shown in the video as " a serious breach of our company 's policies and training " .
" We have taken swift action regarding the two employees identified on the video and have already implemented aggressive measures to ensure all employees follow our humane handling policies and procedures , " he added .
“ Everywhere I turn , the Red Cross is there like a giant vacuum cleaner , sweeping up every dollar they can , ” said Kevin Truax , an insurance agent in Parkersburg , Iowa , who has joined other civic leaders in establishing a fund to help tornado victims , effectively competing with the Red Cross for donations .
“ There was a television fund - raiser where they got upward of $ 350,000 .
There was a fund - raiser on the radio that raised $ 20,000 or $ 25,000 , and now there was this concert .
Where ’s the money all going ? ”
Mr. Truax ’s criticism echoes those by Mr. Grassley and local officials and charity leaders on the Gulf Coast after Hurricane Katrina , when the Red Cross raised $ 2 billion while grass - roots organizations and others struggled to finance their efforts .
After that , the Red Cross announced plans to work more closely with other charities .
“ It looks like Iowans received a mixed message about Red Cross needs in Iowa after the tornado , ” Mr. Grassley wrote in an e-mail response to a question about confusion over Red Cross fund - raising .
“ When the Iowa tornado relief effort is finished , the national organization needs to take a hard look at whether it confused fund - raising efforts on the ground . ”
More than $ 400,000 has been pledged to the Red Cross , not all earmarked for the tornado relief , said Joe Becker , senior vice president for disaster services at Red Cross headquarters .
Mr. Becker said the estimate by the local chapter did not include the money to cover costs that the national organization incurred for the tornado victims .
“ The initial budget was $ 300,000 to $ 350,000 for the overall relief effort , and the numbers look like they ’ll go north of that now , ” he said .
https://youtube.com/watch?v=3iDQ9sqLfsY%26hl%3Dit
Fresco del riconoscimento di Rivelazione tv dell ’Anno attribuitogli dal 48° Premio Regia Televisiva , Francesco Facchinetti si prepara a condurre la quarta puntata di XFactor , primo dei due appuntamenti domenicali ( causa elezioni ) con il talent show di RaiDue .
Prevista per stasera una doppia eliminazione : vedremo come la new entry , Silvia Aprile , abbia smosso gli equilibri più o meno stabilitesi nel loft .
In alto il primo vero vincitore della trasmissione , il cantante cimiteriale Mauro Petrarca .
La scorsa settimana XFactor ha visto l’uscita degli FM e l’ingresso della davvero talentuosa Silvia Aprile , già entrata nel mercato discografico con un suo prodotto pubblicato nel 2007 , Cortometraggio , ora alla ricerca della sua vera occasione .
E’ bastata comunque la sua prima esibizione per incantare pubblico e critica e per lanciarla nell ’
Olimpo dei possibili vincitori : di certo la sua bravura minaccia il titolo già virtualmente assegnato a Tony Maiello , destinato , in ogni caso , ad un proseguo di carriera , indipendentemente dalla vittoria finale , peraltro molto probabile considerato l’appeal che esercita sul giovane pubblico femminile , particolarmente incline al televoto .
Intanto questa sera la puntata tornerà a sancire una doppia eliminazione , una per ciascuna manche in cui saranno divisi i 10 concorrenti ancora in gara .
Ancora scelte difficili per i tre giurati , Simona Ventura , Morgan e Mara Maionchi , che tra un “ mortacci tuoi ” e un “ vaffa ” dovrà nuovamente collaborare a definire gli esclusi dal talent .
Per la “ rubrica ” Talenti Incompresi , questa settimana saliranno sul palco due tra Cristina il Soprano , i Dark Angels e Roberto il Califfo : la chance di esibirsi in prima serata verrà data loro dal pubblico di Internet che può votare il proprio preferito sul sito www.xfactor.rai.it.
Intanto crescono le polemiche dei cantanti con i propri vocal coach : nonostante il rimbrotto rivolto da Simona ad Antonio la scorsa settimana – dopo la sua polemica con il preparatore e con Morgan – è toccata questa settimana a Dante Pontone scontrarsi con Simona e con Michele Fischietti .
Contestata da Dante l’assegnazione del brano “ Ti Pretendo ” di Raf , non vista dal cantante consona al suo stile .
Maretta anche nel gruppo di Mara Maionchi , dove Ilaria è riuscita a convincere il capitano a portare il suo cavallo di battaglia , Oceano , brano con il quale si era presentata ai provini , mentre Silvia ha rifiutato Elton John optando per Come tu mi vuoi di Mina , con la finale benedizione di Mara e del coach Nicolò .
La domanda nasce spontanea : a che servono i vocal coach e i capitani se poi i cantanti finiscono per fare quello che vogliono ?
Vedremo se questi cambi avranno ripercussioni sulle performance e sui giudizi della Giuria .
A più tardi con la blogcronaca in diretta web della quarta puntata di XFactor , dalle 21.05 di Televisionando .
21.03
Benvenuti alla quarta puntata di XFactor : Francesco Facchinetti saluta il pubblico giusto per introdurre il filmato introduttivo che riassume l’andamento della settimana e soprattutto le impressioni post puntata di mercoledì scorso .
Qualche annotazione da parte dei capitani / giudici sulle esibizioni dei propri ragazzi e qualche nota critica e qualche polemicuccia tra i giudici pronti nuovamente a darsi battaglia questa sera .
Per Morgan Simona non capisce la complessità degli arrangiamenti e delle esibizioni dei gruppi vocali , per Simona Morgan non ha mai creduto tanto negli FM , usciti nella scorsa puntata , mentre Mara si concentra sulle difficoltà riscontrate nella preparazione della scorsa puntata , risollevatasi con l’ingresso di Silvia Aprile .
Alla fine , nonostante i battibecchi i tre giudici non mancano di scambiarsi attestazioni di stima .
E dopo 13 minuti di bilancio sulla scorsa puntata , Francesco chiama la pubblicità .
21.20
L’intro non è ancora finita , però : spazio ancora per un rvm sui giudici , ma a questo punto sarebbe quasi il caso di far entrare i cantanti , no ?
Alle 21.25 parte finalmente la sigla , mentre giuria e cantanti si preparano all ’ingresso .
Pare che nessuno si aspettasse la doppia eliminazione questa settimana : che sia un segno di finale anticipata ?
Meravigliosa la mise di Simona , in total black corredato da cappellino che farebbe invidia alla regina Elisabetta , mentre Morgan si presenta con mascherina nera sugli occhi e Mara sfoggia orecchini con teschio .
Francesco annuncia un regalo per i concorrenti , un incoraggiamento di Leona Lewis , ormai diventata il miglior testimonial del format nel mondo .
La prima manche vede scendere in campo :
Dante Pontone
Aram Quartet
Ilaria
Sei Ottavi
Antonio
Uhm , selezione durissima : per Morgan sono Antonio e Dante i candidati al ballottaggio , Simona risponde con Sei Ottavi e Aram Quartet , mentre Mara , per non scontentare nessuno , opta per Antonio e Sei Ottavi .
Ma entra Dante sull ’urlo di Simona che per annunciare che il suo pupillo canterà una canzona italiana grida “ Viva l’ Italia , Viva il popolo italiano ! ” .
A Dante tocca Ti Pretendo di Raf , scelta sulla quale non è per niente d’accordo , essendo meno incline alla musica italiana .
Particolarmente gelido questa sera Dante , almeno sull ’attacco : si scioglie piano piano e riesce a dare una sua lettura al brano , servendosi della sua voce , indubbiamente calda .
Mara : “ Hai avuto dei problemi in questa canzone , il pop non ti si addice anche se te la sei cavata ” ; Morgan : “ Molle la prima parte poi ti sei acceso , il tuo esperimento è andato bene , contrariamente , forse , a quello che tu stessi pensavi ” ; “ Simona : “ Mi sei piaciuto e la canzone è arrivata : bisogno misurarsi anche sulle cose che non si conoscono o che non piacciono ” , oltre i pregiudizi , come suggerisce Morgan .
Dante sottolinea ancora il suo disappunto sull ’arrangiamento , lontanissimo dal suo mondo di cui ancora non ha fatto sentire niente .
E come per Amici , in questo caso dopo l’esibizione , parte l’rvm sulla difficile settimana tra Dante e Michele Fischietti , il vocal coach , nella quale si immischia anche Antonio , protagonista di analoga situazione la settimana scorsa .
In effetti il malessere è trasversale nella squadra : tutti si lamentano , mentre Fischietti punta sulla scarsa professionalità e sulla poca umiltà dei concorrenti .
Il clima non è propriamente idilliaco .
Il video riporta anche il tentativo di riappacificazione e chiarimento messo in atto da Simona , che rimprovera anche Fischietti , al quale chiede di essere meno intransigente .
Si torna in diretta e Francesco dà la parola a Michele , che non dà un grande peso al litigio con Dante , fonte di ulteriore conoscenza e amicizia .
La sintesi di Fischietti è : “ Mi arrabbio quando vedo un talento come il suo perdere tempo a lamentarsi .
Se fa il barista forse non è solo perché non ha avuto l’occasione , ma forse dipende dall ’atteggiamento .
Battisti aveva un talento piccolo e con tanto lavoro è diventato quello che è stato ” .
E qui Mara salta dalla sedia , urlando all ’eresia , mentre Morgan consiglia a tutti i cantanti del gruppo 25 + una terapia di gruppo .
Simona li difende a spada tratta , mentre Morgan ne sottolinea due grandi difetti , l’assenza di umiltà e rispetto .
“ Ci sono dei ruoli ( oddio , anche qui ! ) , un conto è contestare , un conto è minacciare ! ” .
Si riferisce al fatto che Dante ha minacciato di mettergli le mani addosso .
Due caratteri forti , due ruoli diversi per dei coetanei che fanno fatica , evidentemente , a riconoscere in lui una guida .
Francesco chiede a Mara come si comporterebbe in un caso del genere da discografica , e la risposta non può che essere una , ovvero cercare un accordo tra le due parti .
Modestia e umiltà ormai sono le parole d’ordine dei talent ed è , a nostro avviso , un segnale preoccupante .
21.55
Finalmente è il momento degli Aram Quartet , che affrontano un altro classico del rock , come da desiderio del capitano , The Logical Song dei Supertramp .
Uhm , meglio nell ’esibizione dei Beatles della scorsa settimana , per quanto sempre bravi .
Simona consiglia un po ’ di lezioni di inglese ( effettivamente un po’ latitante ) e basta , Mara invece conferma il suo solito giudizio “ siete proprio bravi ” , mentre Morgan è soddisfatto per come è stata affrontata questa difficile sfida e vede in loro una grande carta per la discografia nazionale .
Ormai Morgan è lanciato nel mondo della discografia .
E per sottolineare la differenza con la squadra dei 25 + , gli Aram ringraziano Andrea , il vocal coach che ha sostituito in questa settimana Gaudì , indisposto .
22.01
Arriva Ilaria che canta il suo cavallo di battaglia , Oceano , dopo aver rifiutato Ballando sul mondo di Ligabue .
“ Se devo uscire voglio farlo dimostrando quello che so fare ” , la motivazione addotta da Ilaria che ha così convinto Mara .
Ilaria si accompagna al pianoforte e il risultato è davvero convincente , la ragazza spacca , mentre Mara si commuove , ancora .
Morgan : “ Mara ha fatto bene ha darti retta , il pezzo è meraviglioso ( scritto da Leo Zed e cantato da Lisa ) e l’hai cantato bene nonostante alcune imperfezioni di intonazione ” ; Simona : “ Si è apppoggiata al suo cavallo di battaglia , ma questa scelta è dovuta alla paura di Silvia ? ” .
Ovviamente Ilaria nega , anche perchè sono molto diverse a detta sua e di Mara : la scelta è stata solo dovuta al desiderio di esprimere chi sono davvero ” .
22.09
Altro rvm sulle impressioni dei giudici sulle impressioni della scorsa settimana .
“ Valla a capire la gente , il televoto è imprevedibile , credi che il pubblico sia semplice , ma non è così .
Mica tutti quelli che votano hanno ragione ” , dice Morgan e il pensiero è indiscutibile , nonostante Simona tenti una difesa d’ufficio del pubblico sovrano .
Ma tocca ai Sei Ottavi che si cimentano nientepopodimenoche LIBERTANGO di Astor Piazzolla .
Annunciamo che saremo implacabili , con i capolavori non si scherza !
E’ ovviamente una versione sono vocale , con un inserto della versione di Grace Jones , con una piccola esibizione di tango argentino a margine .
Ballerini bravi , il finale flamencato no , non ci voleva .
Non si può dire che non siano bravi , ma certi pezzi vanno rispettati !
Simona : “ Apprezzo lo sforzo di non aver fatto Mary Poppins ” ; Mara : “ Bravi , senza dubbio ” , Morgan : “ Strano che non ci sia la polemica sui Sei Ottavi .
Il genere scat gli appartiene , sono vostro ! ” .
22.23
E tornano anche i Talenti Incompresi , in un rvm : questa sera se la stanno prendendo con calma , sono le 22.30 e ancora deve finire la prima manche , la tensione così si scioglie , se mai è davvero salita .
Arriva Antonio , definito da Simona “ la luce in fondo al tunnel per Napoli ” … ah , però , se bastasse così poco !
La canzone scelta da Simona è molto bella e anche condivisa da Antonio , Oggi Sono Io , di Alex Britti .
Antonio è nel pezzo , ma non è che ci faccia proprio vibrare .
Mara : “ Canti , bene , sei tecnico , sei bravo , ma mi manca sempre l’emozione .
E’ pur sempre un gusto personale , ma mi manca il pathos ” ; Morgan : “ Non so ; non userei la parola emozione , ormai abusata .
La canzone è bella e porta a casa il risultato , tu hai delle fioriture canore pazzesche , che però non amo e che in una canzone come questa stroppiano .
E’ il tuo stile , ma a me non piace ” ; Simona : “ So come sei e so che le fioriture sono il tuo modo di essere e di cantare , e a me è arrivato ” .
Antonio : “ Ciascuno vive la sua emozione , non credo che ci volesse pathos in questo pezzo , e per quanto riguarda le fioriture le ho contenute proprio per rendere giustizia al brano ” .
Bravo , replica asciutta .
E arrivano i complimenti anche da Fischietti , per il quale ha cantato meravigliosamente .
22.35
Sta per arrivare il giudizio del televoto e tra poco qualcuno di loro dovrà lasciare il programma .
Simona teme un po ’ per Dante , anche a causa delle polemiche riportate nei filmati riproposti in puntata .
Ed entrano i cinque protagonisti della prima manche , raggiunti dai capitani .
Un problema tecnico , non meglio specificato , riguardante il televoto ferma per un attimo il rito dell ’annuncio dei sopravvissuti .
Francesco occupa il tempo facendo domande ai giudici , mentre arriva la busta .
L’impressione è che abbiano scambiato le buste ( ? ) .
Passano il turno gli Aram Quartet , [ Che dice Morgan ?
“ Chi non salta Berlusconi è ! ” ODDIO ] , Ilaria e Antonio , sul quale non avremmo scommesso .
In ballottaggio Sei Ottavi e Dante , che ricantano , e non abbiamo capito ancora il perchè , visto che a giudicare sono i capitani delle squadre .
Onestamente , però , questa volta i Sei Ottavi ci sembrano più slegati e disarmonici , sarà un ’impressione .
Toccherà a Mara decidere chi far fuori : Simona , ovviamente , salva Dante , Morgan , ovviamente , salva i Sei Ottavi e Mara elimina , con la solita difficoltà , Dante , a sorpresa e punta discograficamente sui Sei Ottavi .
Una mossa autentica o il desiderio di far uscire , a prescindere , un membro della squadra della Ventura ?
Mara chiarisce di non aver scelto per vendetta nei confronti di Simona , ma semplicemente perché rappresenta comunque una scelta meno originale rispetto ai Sei Ottavi .
C’è spazio anche per la fidanzata di Dante , che spara contro la Ventura e Fischietti , augurandosi che da questo momento in poi si mettano di più dalla parte degli artisti .
“ Ma come ti permetti ?
Ma taci !
Credi che io voglia che esca Dante ? ” , ma Flavia , la fidanzata , non demorde : “ Sapevate che questi pezzi non erano nelle sue corde ” .
Interviene Morgan , cercando di spiegare che la decisione di Mara deriva non dall ’esibizione della serata , ma da un discorso più generale .
Francesco cerca di stemperare le polemiche , ma Simona non ci sta e invita la fidanzata a “ non mettersi a tappetino e aiutare il proprio compagno ” che non molla ed esce in maniera indecorosa , dicendo che “ questo è il suo carattere , che il signor Fischietti non può cambiare il suo ” e soprattutto chiudendo dicendo “ ringrazio per l’opportunità , ma mi dispiace di aver dovuto cantare sempre ‘ sta roba qua ! “ .
MENO MALE CHE E’ USCITO , di presuntuosi ci basta Marco Carta , che almeno ha vent ’anni , non 32 .
E Francesco , che non se la tiene , chiude , una volta uscito Dante , dicendo che “ questa roba qua ” è pur sempre musica italiana .
23.05
Il gelo è sceso nello studio e mentre cantano i Dark Angel , talenti incompresi , il pensiero corre a quello che sta succedendo dietro le quinte e all ’uscita infelicissima di Dante e della fidanzata .
Se Simona potesse menare a tutti e due un paio di ceffoni , secondo noi lo farebbe senza pensarci due volte , ( p.s. bravi comunque i Dark Angel , non male ) .
Una delusione vera , una vera caduta , che nel programma della
De Filippi sarebbe stato argomento di discussione per almeno 40 minuti e che qui mostra davvero la gratuità di certi atteggiamenti da parte di chi , scelto tra 10.000 persone , non si rende conto della fortuna che ha avuto .
Nella seconda manche si esibiscono :
Tony
Annalisa
4 Sound
Emanuele
Silvia .
23.12
Inizia
Tony che canta Apologize dei Timbaland .
Anche a lui consiglieremmo qualche lezione di inglese , mentre ci sembra un po ’ più timoroso e impreciso del solito , soprattutto nei falsetti , anima del brano .
23.22
Annalisa propone Minuetto di Mia Martini .
Buona l’esibizione , che pecca però di un tono un po ’ troppo rabbioso , come del resto è il suo stile .
Mara : “ Cantato bene , forse un po ’ troppo teatrale ” ; Morgan : “ Eri emozionata forse per l’eliminazione di Dante , ma sei stata brava ” ; Simona : “ So che l’amicizia con Dante era profonda e il pezzo mi è arrivato in fondo all ’anima ” .
Fischietti si è commosso : la rivelazione della puntata è senza dubbio il vocal coach della squadra di Simona .
23.30
Ancora un rvm sulle opinioni dei giudici : per essere un artista bisogna essere belli ?
Mara e Morgan puntano sulla musica , Simona anche molto sulla bellezza , ma lo si sapeva già , rvm un tantinello inutile .
Ma Simona , per difendersi , annuncia che per l’ingresso della prossima settimana proporrà un artista molto più bravo che bello .
Perla della Ventura : “ Non mi pare che Leona Lewis sia un cesso ” e Francesco le dà ragione sottolineando che è : “ Un gran pezzo di gnocca ” … bonjour finesse .
Francesco a Mara : “ Hai mai prodotto un artista brutto ? ” , Mara : “ beh Mango non è certo uno per il quale scappi di casa …. ” , ma aggiungiamo che è davvero molto molto bravo .
23.37
I 4Sound presentano Perdono di Tiziano Ferro , il cocco della Maionchi .
Un pezzo più tranquillo per i già molto stressati 4 Sound , da cui a questo punto ci si aspetta molto .
Simona commenta solo il make up , simile a quello del maestro , mentre per Mara sono stati bravini .
Ancora spazio per i Talenti Incompresi , tra cui uno che si è presentato con le Tagliatelle di Nonna Pina in versione dark con tanto di pettine per le ascelle e un nome che non dimenticheremo mai , Andrea Evangelisti , ricercatore , presentatosi in costume da bagno , con parrucca bionda e con le pinne .
Non abbiamo parole … Pubblicità .
23.51
Collegamento con il backstage e con Dante : in un rvm Dante , appena uscito , sostiene che Simona non l’abbia mai stimato .
Avrebbe preferito cantare cose più difficili , ma che avrebbero messo di più in evidenza le sue caratteristiche .
A Simona non va giù per niente : “ per chi dice che questo è l’ultimo treno di certo non è un comportamento adeguato .
Ho lasciato a casa persone che hanno pianto per giorni , solo per questo dovresti dimostrare rispetto ” .
E tocca all ’ultimo asso di Simona , Emanuele , che presenta La donna cannone .
Oddio , l’inizio ci sembra un po ’ sofferto , almeno anche a guardare l’espressione della Ventura che scruta il volto del vocal coach .
Il ragazzo ci sembra commosso e provato .
Mara :
“ Un capolavoro di De Gregori , l’hai fatta bene anche se un po ’ troppo cantata ” ; Morgan : “ Mara ha ragione : il cantautore si concentra sul testo più che sulla musica , l’importante è mettere a fuoco le parole , farle capire .
Ma va bene lo stesso , canti molto bene ” ; Simona : “ Si percepisce il dolore per l’eliminazione di Dante ( e i pubblico rumoreggia , anche a ragione , visto che non è morto nessuno ) e questo vi fa onore ” .
00.03
Se Dio vuole siamo all ’ultima esibizione , quella di Silvia , la più attesa della serata , che canta Come tu mi vuoi .
Nonostante l’arrangiamento da karaoke , Silvia è magnifica : brava , bella e intensa .
Morgan : “ All ’inizio pensavo che Mara avesse sbagliato il pezzo , ma poi ho capito che hai molta classe : questa è una sfida che molti avrebbero perso , sarebbe stato facile renderla pacchiana , e invece sei stata elegantissima .
Complimenti ” ; Simona : “ Aprezzo il coraggio , ma il paragone con Mina si sente ” .
Morgan fa i complimenti all ’arrangiamento stile Elvis Costello e noi chiediamo scusa per la manifesta ignoranza musicale … non ci era piaciuto affatto .
Silvia : “ Ho legato con tutti nella Casa … ” , e l’eco con il Grande Fratello fa immediatamente scattare Francesco che corregge subito con “ loft ” .
Difficile evitare le sovrapposizioni .
00.10
Terminate le esibizioni , Francesco chiede chi secondo i giudici dovrebbe uscire , ma tutti dichiarano grandi difficoltà : ciascuno ha una particolarità , tutti hanno una propria personalità , impossibile indicare un eliminato .
Ma entra la busta : nella seconda manche si salvano Silvia ( più che meritato ) , Annalisa e Tony .
In ballottaggio i 4 Sound ed Emanuele .
Ancora una volta tocca a Mara sancire l’eliminato e forse per par condicio questa volta condannerà il gruppo .
Si riesibiscono i due concorrenti , in attesa del verdetto dei giudici .
Emanuele segue nella replica i consigli di Morgan e il brano prende tutto un altro spessore : più caldo , più intenso , molto più diretto , almeno per noi .
Morgan elimina , ovviamente , Emanuele , Simona elimina , ovviamente , i 4 Sound , Mara elimina i 4 Sound , pur riconoscendo i loro miglioramenti .
Morgan tesse le lodi dei suoi allievi , che in quattro settimane hanno lavorato con umiltà e con impegno , mostrando i loro miglioramenti .
Tanti complimenti anche da Simona , che non perde così occasione per sferrare un altro colpo a Dante , per lei sicuramente una delusione .
Si chiude così la quarta puntata di XFactor : l’appuntamento con Scorie è per domani sera , mentre XFactor torna domenica prossima .
Buona notte .
Googleのコードレビューのプロセス、ツールの紹介がここ（Youtube）にある。55分と長いのでなかなか全部をみる時間がなかったが、休日に時間がとれたので観た。このエントリはそのときのメモだ。
Googleのコードレビューのプロセスはオープンソースのものと似ている。オープンソースのものより若干強制力のあるプロセスとそれをサポートするツール（Mondrian）があるそうだ。ビデオでプレゼンされているのは、Guido van Rossum氏 、Pythonの作者でGoogleに就職して最初の仕事がMondrianの開発だったそうだ。定着しているプロセスの実行を支援するツールは非常に頼もしいだろうなぁと思う。
詳細はビデオをみていただきたいが、プレゼンの概要は以下のとおり。
プロセスはオープンソースのレビューのやり方がベースとなっている。
（前のバージョンとの差分をMLに投げるとレビュアがその部分を中心にレビューしてくれる）
ピアレビューに近い形態で、 基本的に異なる計算機上（遠隔地の場合もある） でやる。
指摘内容は基本的にツールへの入力によりレビュアからコード作成者に伝えられる。
レビュアにとってlgfm（looks good for me）状態になるまでレビューは続けられ、その状態になれば構成管理ツールにチェックインされる。（ ソースコードをチェックインする前に全てのソースコードがレビューされた状態になる）
レビュー結果を提示す るWebベースのツール （Mondrian）がある。（ツールがなかったころは運用上の問題がいくつかあった、とのこと）
ツールが提示する内容はダッシュボードと呼ばれ、個人別のダッシュボードが存在し、そこから自身が開発しているソースコードのレビュー状況をみることができる。
私がおもしろいと思ったところは、以下のとおり。
「 レビューは不具合をみつけるのではなく、信頼感を醸成するためのものだ。」
「 レビュー（ピアレビュー）はペアプログラミングの代替である。」
Mondrianはソースコードの任意の部分にコメントをいれる機能を提供している。
Googleの 新入り をNooglerと呼ぶ。
このような形のピアレビューは、大きすぎない製品開発型/サービス開発型のプロジェクトではよく実施されているように思う。ビデオで紹介されていたレビューのプロセスは中身を理解して、1行ずつみていくタイプのレビューだ。読むスピードがもっと速いPerspective-based Readingについては言及がなかった（Perspective-based Readingについてはここやここに書いた）。Googleでは、たとえばセキュリティ等の特定の観点で全体をざっと流すレビューも多く実施されていると思われるがそのあたりの言及がなかったように思う。
Clinton Still in the Game , but Wants Rules Changed
She wants the DNC to reverse decision on counting delegates from Mich. , Fla .
May 22 , 2008  -- Hillary Clinton has vowed to stay in the game , but some critics contend she is looking to change the rules .
The New York senator 's resounding victory in the Kentucky primary Tuesday let " the naysayers and skeptics " know that she was still very much a candidate , she said .
She will remain in the race , but the viability of her candidacy may depend on the outcome of a meeting of Democratic Party officials to determine whether and how to count the delegates from Michigan and Florida .
In January , when Michigan and Florida held their primaries , it seemed the party 's decision to strip the states of their delegates would serve as a symbolic punishment with little actual influence on the race .
At that time , both Clinton and Illinois Sen. Barack Obama agreed to play by the party 's rules and Obama went so far as to remove his name from the ballot in Michigan .
The race has markedly changed since then and Clinton wants the party 's 30 - member Rules and Bylaws Committee to overturn its decision when it meets May 30 .
She says the party should count all of Michigan and Florida 's delegates -- 368 in all .
" Some say that counting Florida and Michigan would be changing the rules , " she told supporters in Boca Raton , Fla. , Wednesday .
" I say that not counting Michigan and Florida is changing a central governing rule of this country . "
Critics contend that Clinton 's push to get the committee to overturn its decision is an attempt to change the rules midgame and a last - ditch effort to save her campaign in the face of mounting support for Obama .
" Now is not the time for our party to have a dialogue about which states should count , " she said in Florida .
" We can not move forward as a united party if some members are left out .
I want to be sure all 50 states are counted and your delegates are seated at our convention . " she said .
" Join me in making sure your voices are raised and heard . "
Clinton did not always feel so strongly .
In the early days of the campaign she said Michigan would not count .
" It 's clear , " Clinton told New Hampshire Public Radio in the fall , " this election [ Michigan is ] having is not going to count for anything .
I personally did not think it made any difference whether or not my name was on the ballot . "
Clinton 's fight may ultimately be for naught .
It is doubtful that she will win enough pledged delegates and superdelegates to secure the nomination even if Michigan and Florida 's delegates are counted .
After Tuesday 's primaries in Kentucky and Oregon , Obama gained a majority of the available pledged delegates , a symbolic milestone that may influence many of the undecided superdelegates both candidates need to secure the nomination .
ABC News has crunched the numbers and even with Michigan and Florida included Obama has a significant lead in delegates .
" In the total universe of delegates , there are 311 outstanding : 217 of those are as of yet uncommitted superdelegates , 94 are thus far unallocated pledged delegates from last night 's contest in Oregon and the upcoming three contests in Puerto Rico , South Dakota and Montana , " wrote David Chalian , ABC News political director .
Clinton needs 84 percent of all the remaining delegates -- pledged and superdelegates -- to hit 2,026 , the magic number needed to lock up the nomination .
Obama needs just 23 percent of all the remaining delegates to hit 2,026 .
With the current rules for delegate math against her , Clinton has pushed to increase the overall delegate total needed to win up to 2,210 , or to instead consider using the popular vote as a metric .
Obama leads in the popular vote if Michigan and Florida are excluded from the count .
He also leads in popular votes if Florida is added .
Clinton , however , has more popular votes if all the states , including Michigan and Florida , are included in the total .
But Obama did not campaign in Michigan and his name was removed from the ballot before the race .
The Democratic Party would not be convening a meeting to resolve the issue if not for Clinton , said ABC News consultant Matthew Dowd .
" The DNC [ Democratic National Committee ] is considering changing the rules , and they would n't be changing the rules unless she wanted them to meet and discuss it .
She obviously wants to see the rules changed .
Her staff should have set up a campaign that worked within the confines of the current rules , " he said .
" It is as if Barack Obama is on the 99 - yard line and in the final moments of the game Clinton wants the football field extended from 100 to 120 yards . "
Many of Clinton 's advisers are former party insiders , including Terry McAuliffe , her campaign 's chairman and former party chairman , who helped make the rule in the first place .
" What is amazing to me is that she has got a camp filled with DNC operatives .
These are the people who essentially created the rules , " Dowd said .
" She has been in the game a long time .
It 's not as if she 's new to this and did n't know better .
Her campaign is run by the insiders who have been running the party for the past 16 years . "
For his part , Obama has tried to strike a conciliatory tone , careful not to prematurely declare victory or alienate Clinton 's key supporters -- women and working - class whites .
Last year , the Democrats barred Florida and Michigan from having their votes counted after they scheduled primaries in January , despite being instructed not to vote until Feb. 5 or later .
Michigan and Florida lost all their delegates to the national convention , and all the Democratic candidates agreed not to campaign in the two states , stripping them of all the influence they were trying to build by voting early .
It appears now that when the committee meets May 30 , a compromise will be reached , in which a portion of the delegates from both states or , more likely , just Florida will be awarded to the candidates .
Politics
Business Insider
The former special counsel Robert Mueller issued a statement Tuesday pushing back on claims his former right - hand man in the Russia probe , Andrew Weissmann , put forth in a newly released memoir .
Weissmann accused Mueller and his top deputy , Aaron Zebley , of not doing enough to hold President Donald Trump accountable and refusing to take certain prosecutorial steps out of fear that Trump would shut down the investigation .
" It is not surprising that members of the Special Counsel 's Office did not always agree , but it is disappointing to hear criticism of our team based on incomplete information , " Mueller said in his statement .
It ’s also the precursor to a potentially widespread formalized system of mobile banking .
Already companies like Wizzit , in South Africa , and GCash , in the Philippines , have started programs that allow customers to use their phones to store cash credits transferred from another phone or purchased through a post office , phone - kiosk operator or other licensed operator .
With their phones , they can then make purchases and payments or withdraw cash as needed .
Hammond of the World Resources Institute predicts that mobile banking will bring huge numbers of previously excluded people into the formal economy quickly , simply because the latent demand for such services is so great , especially among the rural poor .
This bodes well for cellphone companies , he says , since owning a phone will suddenly have more value than sharing a village phone .
“ If you ’re in Hanoi after midnight , ” Hammond says , “ the streets are absolutely clogged with motorbikes piled with produce .
They give their produce to the guy who runs a vegetable stall , and they go home .
How do they get paid ?
They get paid the next time they come to town , which could be a month or two later .
You have to hope you can find the stall guy again and that he remembers what he sold .
But what if you could get paid the next day on your mobile phone ?
Would you care what that mobile costs ?
I do n’t think so . ”
In February of last year , when Vodafone rolled out its M - Pesa mobile - banking program in Kenya , it aimed to add 200,000 new customers in the first year but got them within a month .
One year later , M - Pesa has 1.6 million subscribers , and Vodafone is now set to open mobile - banking enterprises in a number of other countries , including Tanzania and India .
“ Look , microfinance is great ; Yunus deserves his sainthood , ” Hammond says .
“ But after 30 years , there are only 90 million microfinance customers .
I ’m predicting that mobile - phone banking will add a billion banking customers to the system in five years .
That ’s how big it is . ”
When he is not doing his field work , Jan Chipchase goes to a lot of design conferences , where he gives talks with titles like “ Connecting the Unconnected . ”
He also writes a popular blog called Future Perfect , on which he posts photographs of some of the things that amaze him along with a little bit of explanatory text .
“ Pushing technologies on society without thinking through their consequences is at least naïve , at worst dangerous . . . and IMHO the people that do it are just boring , ” he writes on his blog ’s description page .
“ Future Perfect is a pause for reflection in our planet ’s seemingly headlong rush to churn out more , faster , smaller and cheaper . ”
Clearly , though , Chipchase ’s work puts him smack in the middle of this rush , and no company churns out phones like Nokia , which manufactures 1.3 million products daily .
Forty percent of the mobile phones sold last year were made by Nokia , and the company ’s $ 8.4 billion profit in 2007 reflects as much .
Chipchase seems distinctly uncomfortable talking about his part as a corporate rainmaker , preferring to see himself as a mostly dispassionate ethnographer , albeit one with Nokia stock options .
The only time I saw him get even slightly prickly  or indeed behave like anything but a mild - mannered guy who is wholly absorbed by the small , arcane things that serve as clues to bigger patterns of communication  was when I happened to muse that maybe there were still places in the world where technology might not be so vital .
We were sitting under a slow - revolving ceiling fan in a small restaurant in Accra , eating bowls of piquant Ghanaian peanut - and - chicken stew .
Chipchase told a story about meeting some monk disciples at a temple in Ulan Bator , when he vacationed in Mongolia a few Decembers ago .
( Most of Chipchase ’s vacation stories , it turns out , take place in less - developed countries , often in forbidding weather and frequently relating back to cellphone use . )
Despite their red robes and shaved heads and the fact they were spending their days in a giant monastery at the top of a windy hill where they were meant to be in dialogue with God , some of the 15 monk disciples had cellphones 
Nokia cellphones  and most were fancier models than the one Chipchase was carrying .
One of the disciples asked to look at Chipchase ’s phone .
“ So he ’s got my phone and his phone , ” Chipchase told me .
“ And as we ’re talking , he ’s switching on the Bluetooth .
And he then data - mines my phone for all its content , all my photographs and so on , which is absolutely fine , but it ’s kind of a scene where you think , I ’m here , I ’m so away from everything and yet they ’re so technically literate .
. . . ”
This is when I voiced a careless thought about whether there might be something negative about the lightning spread of technology , whether its convenience was somehow supplanting traditional values or practices .
Chipchase raised his eyebrows and laid down his spoon .
He sighed , making it clear that responding to me was going to require patience .
“ People can think , yeah , monks with cellphones , and tsk , tsk , and what is the world coming to ? ” he said .
“ But if you wanted to take phones away from anybody in this world who has them , they ’d probably say : ‘ You ’re going to have to fight me for it .
Are you going to take my sewer and water away too ? ’
And maybe you ca n’t put communication on the same level as running water , but some people would .
And I think in some contexts , it ’s quite viable as a fundamental right . ”
He paused a beat to let this sink in , then added , with just a touch of edge , “ People once believed that people in other cultures might not benefit from having books either . ”
For the last year , Chipchase has been working on a project he calls Future Urban , the goal of which is to explore what the cities of tomorrow will be like .
Which is why one afternoon in Ghana he provided me with minute - to - minute cellphone instructions ( “ Do you see the sewing stall ?
O.K. , now look to the right ” ) for finding him at the outskirts of Buduburam , a densely populated refugee settlement about an hour ’s drive west of Accra .
For the previous 11 days , Chipchase , two of his female colleagues from Tokyo  Indri Tulusan and Younghee Jung  and a small group of hired Ghanaians had been running what they called an “ open design studio ” in the heart of Buduburam , which is home to approximately 40,000 people , most of whom had fled from the civil wars in neighboring Liberia , Sierra Leone and Ivory Coast .
University of Maryland research that started with bacteria from the Chesapeake Bay has led to a process that may be able to convert large volumes of all kinds of plant products , from leftover brewer 's mash to paper trash , into ethanol and other biofuel alternatives to gasoline .
That process , developed by University of Maryland professors Steve Hutcheson and Ron Weiner , professors of cell biology and molecular genetics , is the foundation of their incubator company Zymetis , which was on view March 10 in College Park for Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley and state and university officials .
" The new Zymetis technology is a win for the State of Maryland , for the University and for the environment , " said University of Maryland President C.D. Mote , Jr. " It makes affordable ethanol production a reality and makes it from waste materials , which benefits everyone and supports the green - friendly goal of carbon - neutrality . "
75 Billion Gallons a Year
The Zymetis process can make ethanol and other biofuels from many different types of plants and plant waste called cellulosic sources .
Cellulosic biofuels can be made from non- grain plant sources such as waste paper , brewing byproducts , leftover agriculture products , including straw , corncobs and husks , and energy crops such as switchgrass .
When fully operational , the Zymetis process could potentially lead to the production of 75 billion gallons a year of carbon - neutral ethanol .
advertisement
The secret to the Zymetis process is a Chesapeake Bay marsh grass bacterium , S. degradans .
Hutcheson found that the bacterium has an enzyme that could quickly break down plant materials into sugar , which can then be converted to biofuel .
The Zymetis researchers were unable to isolate the Bay bacterium again in nature , but they discovered how to produce the enzyme in their own laboratories .
The result was Ethazyme , which degrades the tough cell walls of cellulosic materials and breaks down the entire plant material into bio - fuel ready sugars in one step , at a significantly lower cost and with fewer caustic chemicals than current methods .
Hutcheson projects a $ 5 billion enzyme market for biofuels .
The energy bill passed by the U.S. Senate in December mandates oil companies to blend in 21 billion gallons of cellulosic ethanol with their gasoline by 2022 .
Inventors of the Year
Hutcheson and Weiner won the university 's Office of Technology Commercialization Inventor of the Year Award in 2007 in the Life Science category for their enzyme system invention .
Founded in 2006 , Zymetis entered the university 's MTECH VentureAccelerator Program , which provides hands - on business assistance to faculty and students interested in forming companies around university - created technologies .
" MTECH Venture Accelerator helped us validate our market , " says Hutcheson .
" They found space for our company .
They helped us with licensing our technology , forming financial and business plans , and establishing trademarks . "
Zymetis also sought expertise from MTECH's Bioprocess Scale - Up Facility ( BSF ) staff to determine how to mass - produce S. degradans .
The BSF is part of the MTECH Biotechnology Research and Education Program , an initiative dedicated to research , education and the development of biotechnology products and processes for Maryland companies .
See video of bacteria changing newspaper into biofuel : http://www.newsdesk.umd.edu/video/zymetis.cfm
Although John McCain was stumping in Ohio on Friday , his campaign arranged for him to talk by phone to leaders of B’nai B’rith International , a major Jewish group , who were meeting in Ottawa .
Reporters were invited to dial in to the conference call at 3 p.m. to listen .
McCain soon came on the line and launched into his spiel .
“ Thank you for all the good you do , ” he began .
Then silence .
“ We lost the senator , ” a voice conceded after a minute or so .
“ We lost the candidate . . . .
Can we get a message to someone ? ”
Advertisement
More minutes passed .
Finally , the voice announced that McCain was on the road and had lost his cellphone signal .
“ We ’ll just have to wait , ” the voice counseled .
Someone hummed a ditty into the phone .
More minutes passed .
Finally , at 3:18 , McCain came back on the line .
“ Where did you lose me ? ” he asked .
Advertisement
“ We lost you at the very beginning , ” he was told .
“ You gave your whole speech and you did n’t know you were n’t connected to us . ”
“ I ’m so sorry , ” McCain replied .
“ I ’m very sorry .
I ’ll do it again . ”
And he did .
LESTER THUROW does not have a particularly brilliant track record in the field of getting things right .
He notably argued , on the eve of the Soviet Union 's collapse , that a command economy might offer America a route to faster growth .
He also famously authored a book entitled Head to Head , which urged America to get serious about competitiveness in order to survive the coming economic war against Europe and Japan .
Despite his spectacular predictive failures , Mr Thurow has managed to secure respected positions in academia and business , as well as repeated invitations to contribute to prominent newspapers .
Including , unfortunately for the Los Angeles Times , the Los Angeles Times .
Mr Thurow has solutions for America 's economic problems !
For instance : dear oil .
What should we do about it ?
Mr Thurow writes :
There is a solution to the rising cost of oil , but it is a painful one .
Let 's say there is a lot of $ 20 - a - barrel oil in the world -- deep - sea oil , Canadian tar sands .
But who would look for $ 20 - a - barrel oil if someone else ( Saudi Arabia ) has lots of $ 5 - a - barrel oil ?
The answer is : no one .
Basically , American taxpayers have to guarantee potential producers that the price in the future will not fall below $ 20 a barrel and that they will not lose their investments .
This is easy to do .
The U.S. needs to guarantee that it will buy all of its oil at $ 20 a barrel before buying anything from OPEC .
This forces the price of oil down to $ 20 a barrel , but it eliminates the possibility that it will ever go back to $ 5 a barrel .
Painful !
I 'm not sure what would be painful about paying $ 20 for a barrel of oil , assuming that were possible .
I 'm also not sure why Mr Thurow thinks we need to offer guarantees to firms in order to get them to search for oil extractable at $ 20 per barrel .
I have a feeling some efforts to get such oil might already be underway .
I do know that if America promises to purchase all its oil at $ 20 per barrel , then I can offer to store what they buy here on my desk in between my coffee and my telephone .
Because there will be none .
( Via Kevin Drum ) .
They said it before that they would do it and now it seems like Microsoft is ready to share its auto - technology and software with other automakers .
Hyundai - Kia Automotive Group and Microsoft announced today that they will be working together to produce a Ford SYNC - like technology that uses voice commands to control personal music players and mobile phones .
Together , the two will offer a solution based on the Microsoft Auto software platform , bringing the future of in - car technology to Hyundai - Kia drivers worldwide .
We ’ll first see the product in the North American market in 2010 where the voice - controlled connectivity will work between mobile phones and mp3 players .
It will then spread out to Asia and European Markets and expand into multimedia and navigation devices .
The first product , a next - generation infotainment system that provides voice - controlled connectivity between mobile devices , will be introduced in the North American market in 2010 .
It will further apply to Asian and European markets , and expand into multimedia and navigation devices .
Hyundai - Kia and Microsoft will continue to offer new functions through added upgrades in the form of software program updates .
Officers said there would still be lots of checks in place
Police officers have welcomed plans to allow them to abandon government targets and make their own decisions whether to make arrests .
Staffordshire is one of four forces trialling the " common - sense approach " , backed by the Home Office .
The chairman of the county 's Police Federation Mark Judson said he believed the public was " fed up " with targets .
Police in the West Midlands , Surrey and Leicestershire will also take part in the trial , which covers minor crimes .
Mr Judson said officers were inspected by so many agencies there would still be " lots of checks " in place .
He said : " That is to ensure that as police officers we are doing what we 're supposed to be doing and still giving a good service . "
He added that targets had lost their " meaningfulness " .
Mr Judson said : " People are fed up with targets .
They just want public services to give the public a good service and this is what this is all about , I think . "
Spike Strikes Back : Clint 's 'an Angry Old Man ' Lee to Eastwood : " The man is not my father and we 're not on a plantation . "
June 6 , 2008  --
Some people might back down when Dirty Harry tells them to shut up .
Not Spike Lee .
After Eastwood told him to " shut his face " and stop criticizing him about not including African - Americans in his 2006 Iwo Jima movies , " Flags of Our Fathers " and " Letters From Iwo Jima , " Lee 's lashing out .
" First of all , the man is not my father and we 're not on a plantation either , " he told ABCNEWS.com .
" He 's a great director .
He makes his films , I make my films .
The thing about it though , I did n't personally attack him .
And a comment like ' a guy like that should shut his face ' -- come on Clint , come on .
He sounds like an angry old man right there . "
Lee has a proposal for Eastwood :
" If he wishes , I could assemble African - American men who fought at Iwo Jima and I 'd like him to tell these guys that what they did was insignificant and they did not exist , " he said .
" I 'm not making this up .
I know history .
I 'm a student of history .
And I know the history of Hollywood and its omission of the one million African - American men and women who contributed to World War II . "
" Not everything was John Wayne , baby , " Lee added .
For weeks , Lee and Eastwood have been battling over the inclusion of African - Americans in their WWII films .
At the Cannes Film Festival in May , Lee , whose next film , " Miracle at St. Anna , " is about an all - black U.S. division fighting in Italy , slammed Eastwood , saying the filmmaker overlooked the role of black soldiers during World War II .
" He did two films about Iwo Jima back to back and there was not one black soldier in both of those films , " Lee told reporters at Cannes .
" Many veterans , African - Americans , who survived that war are upset at Clint Eastwood .
In his vision of Iwo Jima , Negro soldiers did not exist .
Simple as that .
I have a different version . "
Then , Eastwood threw some punches of his own .
In an interview to promote his latest film , " Changeling , " Eastwood said Lee should " shut his face . "
" Has he ever studied the history ? " Eastwood growled to British paper The Guardian , which published the interview today .
Regarding " Flags of Our Fathers , " Eastwood admitted there was a small detachment of black troops on Iwo Jima , " but they did n't raise the flag .
The story is ' Flags of Our Fathers , ' the famous flag - raising picture , and they did n't do that .
If I go ahead and put an African - American actor in there , people 'd go , ' This guy 's lost his mind . '
I mean , it 's not accurate . "
Lee 's response to Eastwood 's claim ?
" I never said he should show one of the other guys holding up the flag as black .
I said that African - Americans played a significant part in Iwo Jima , " he said .
" For him to insinuate that I 'm rewriting history and have one of the four guys with the flag be black … no one said that .
It 's just that there 's not one black in either film .
And because I know my history , that 's why I made that observation . "
Lee also pointed to a 2006 Guardian article about African - American veterans ' dismay that their experience was n't covered in " Flags of Our Fathers . "
In his interview , Eastwood added that Lee 's got another thing coming if he complains about the lack of black actors in " Changeling . "
The film is set in Los Angeles during the Depression , before the city had a significant black population .
" What are you going to do , you gonna tell a f*****' story about that ? "
Eastwood ranted .
" Make it look like a commercial for an equal opportunity player ?
I 'm not in that game .
I 'm playing it the way I read it historically , and that 's the way it is .
When I do a picture and it's 90 percent black , like ' Bird , ' [ the 1988 biopic of Charlie Parker ] I use 90 percent black people . "
He finished his roast with a simple , harsh directive :
" A guy like him should shut his face , " Eastwood said .
Lee 's last words took a different tone .
" Even though he 's trying to have a Dirty Harry flashback , I 'm going to take the Obama high road and end it right here , " he told ABCNEWS.com .
" Peace and love . "
Bringing Coral Reefs Back From the Dead
by Jeff Greenwald
In the underwater wonderland off Bunaken Island in Indonesia , Jeff Greenwald swims around to find that what man can taketh away , he may be able to giveth back .
In the 1950s , Alfred Hitchcock made a thriller called Rope , starring Jimmy Stewart .
The title was a double entendre ; not only was a rope involved in the crime , but Hitchcock made it appear that the whole film was shot in a single , unspliced , 80 - minute take .
In the bath - warm waters of Bunaken Island , a dive is also about 80 minutes long ; twice the length of a dive in colder , deeper water .
From the moment I roll off the boat to the instant I surface - a single " take , " defined by the amount of compressed air in my tank -- it 's as if I 'm immersed in a conceptual film ; a seamless drama with intricate subplots , set on an impossibly alien world .
Blue ribbon eels unfurl their fluorescent bodies into the current ; decorator crabs prance across the coral heads wearing live anemones on their backs ; ornate ghost pipefish hang above soft corals like feathered seahorses .
School of fusilliers above installed EcoReefs near Manado Tua , Bunaken National Park .
© 2005 Mark Erdmann School of fusilliers above installed EcoReefs near Manado Tua , Bunaken National Park . © 2005 Mark Erdmann
I pass a shallow cave , waking a loggerhead turtle , and watch the giant creature knife toward deeper waters with the grace of a slow - moving pelican .
Below , a white - tipped shark slices through a school of snapper .
There are dull moments and moments of drama , slices of life , celebrity encounters with rare and spectacular fish .
No popcorn , unfortunately , and the soundtrack is a bit monotonous -- the magnified gurgle of my own bubbles -- but the casting and set design are terrific .
I 'd give this film two thumbs up -- but the same cut never plays twice .
Bad Mojo on the Coral Reefs
Bunaken was one of Indonesia 's first marine parks , created in October , 1991 .
Seven years later , marine biologist Mark Erdmann , along with local activist Meity Mongdong and divemaster Christiane Muller , helped create a management board for the national park .
They managed to shift control of the park away from the central government ( in Jakarta ) , and put it in the hands of local villagers , fishermen , and dive operators -- people with a vested interest in preserving the area 's ecology .
Coral reefs are often called the " rainforests of the sea , " and there are n't as many of them as you might think .
If you took all the world 's reefs and put them together , they 'd cover an area only half the size of France .
At present , they are so endangered that 70 % of them will cease to be viable within 50 years .
Unfortunately , the years prior to 1991 saw a lot of bad mojo at work around Bunaken 's reefs and mangrove swamps .
The reefs around at least three of the islands -- Bunaken , Manado Tua and Nain - - were fished with bombs and cyanide .
Low tides forced local boats to anchor amid the fragile corals , and dive boats ( not to mention clumsy divers ) wrought havoc as well .
Storms reduced already weakened corals to rubble .
By the time the national park was created , big sections of the reef were already in dire shape .
This particular area of Northern Indonesia , where Alfred Russel Wallace got the jump on Darwin in 1859 , is considered one of the most spectacular dive sites in the world .
There are a couple of reasons for the area 's astonishing beauty .
The first is that the islands are surrounded by a huge submarine trench , nearly three miles deep at places .
Diving along the wall is dizzying ; it 's like hovering in space , just over the edge of the Grand Canyon .
The trench is a blessing .
Cool water welling up from the depths helps protect the reef against global warming , and makes the area a perfect environment for everything from featherworms to spinner dolphins .
The second reason divers love this area is the fact that the Pacific Ocean ( to the northeast ) is a foot higher than the Indian Ocean ( to the southwest ) .
This creates an immense current called the Indonesian Throughflow , which swirls and dips around Sulawesi 's coastline , islands , and trenches .
Sea creatures of all sizes are carried into these waters , a biologist 's wet dream .
A new species of seahorse was discovered as recently as 1993 , by a local divemaster named Henche Pontoh ; the creature , Hippocampus pontohi , bears his name .
Tricking a Reef into Reviving
Let 's say you want to revive a crippled reef .
There are various strategies you can use , from sinking old railroad cars to dropping huge cement balls into the rubble ; anything to give new corals a handhold .
But the most elegant fix may well be EcoReefs : white ceramic modules , the size of squat , round coffee tables , that look like 3 - D snowflakes ( they 're inspired by the shape of staghorn coral ) .
Anchor enough of them in the rubble , the theory goes , and a new reef will take root on their welcoming arms .
EcoReefs being installed on the ocean floor in the waters outside Manado Tua .
© 2005 Mark Erdmann EcoReefs being installed on the ocean floor in the waters outside Manado Tua . © 2005 Mark Erdmann
EcoReefs are the brainchild of Michael Moore ( no , not that one ) , who lives in San Francisco .
Moore looks a bit like the young Ed Harris , and holds a Ph.D. in integrative biology from UC Berkeley .
A couple of years ago Moore shot some underwater footage , documenting a year - long test of his ceramic modules here in Bunaken .
Within a few months the EcoReefs had attracted large populations of fish , who used the branching arms of the structures for shelter .
Within a year , tiny polyps — the animals that actually create coral reefs -- had begun to settle on the modules ' arms as well .
I 've come to Bunaken to check out two Seacology projects — both of which funded the installation of EcoReefs — and observe their progress first - hand .
The largest is off the coast of Manado Tua , a perfectly round island just northwest of Bunaken , dominated by the towering cone of a dormant volcano .
The blasted reefs outside of Nigiri village were shored up with 620 modules , given in exchange for an agreement to leave the area alone : No Fishin ' .
There 's no diving , either , but exceptions are made for biologists and , fortunately , journalists .
EcoReefs Take Root
Froggies Divers sits on the curving southern shore of Bunaken 's hourglass - shaped coastline , a funky resort of clapboard bungalows with thatched roofs , a sand - floored dining area ( with good Minahasan food ) , and a lively , expressive population of geckos .
The owner and proprietor is Christiane Muller , 67 .
She 's as unusual a creature as you 're likely to find on Sulawesi 's reefs .
Christiane had numerous previous lives before Froggies , working as a DNA researcher , a simultaneous translator ( she speaks six languages ) , and as a field recorder of Southeast Asian music .
" I 'd never had any interest to dive , " she says , lighting another in an endless series of clove cigarettes .
" But in 1988 , I was on vacation with my son , Martin , in the Carribbean .
He was going scuba diving , and asked me to join him .
I said no , and he said , ' I dare you . '
That was all it took . "
Two years later , Christiane was a divemaster ; a year after that , she opened Froggies .
Christiane and I anchor to a mooring in sight of the village of Nigiri , where the red spires of Manado Tua 's white church rise into the shimmering sky .
We strap on air tanks , roll backwards into the water , and begin our descent .
Wading in toward the village of Nigiri on Manado Tua island , Bunaken National Park , Indonesia .
© 2005 Jeff Greenwald Wading in toward the village of Nigiri on Manado Tua island , Bunaken National Park , Indonesia . © 2005 Jeff Greenwald
The EcoReefs cover several thousand square feet of sea floor .
According to Mark Erdmann , their installation was one of the highlights of his career .
" These areas of the reef had been bombed in the 1970s , mostly by people from Sulawesi , " he 'd told me .
" But even after all this time , there was no recovery .
The villagers did n't understand why this was so ; had n't they been forgiven ? "
The reason is that reefs are bombed where there are the most fish -- and fish are attracted to a strong current .
But that current also makes it hard for corals to grow back . "
The villagers asked for help rehabilitating the area , and Erdmann 's team crafted a Seacology proposal .
Six hundred modules were brought over , and the local dive operators and community worked together to install them .
" It was fantastic , " Erdmann said .
" Everyone , from little kids to grandparents , helped out .
Then the dive operators came again , to do the underwater installation . "
On land , EcoReefs look attractive but artificial , like contemporary sculpture .
Nearly two years later , they 're something else entirely : a hybrid of technology and organic life , like Jeff Goldblum at the end of The Fly .
Their antler - shaped arms are covered with baby corals and sponges , more varieties than I can count .
Parrotfish , Moorish idols and clownfish have set up shop beneath their limbs ; two tiger cowries nestle near one 's center .
One of the techniques used to jump - start growth on the EcoReefs was " coral transplants . "
Chunks of loose coral were physically attached to the EcoReefs with little plastic ties .
Oddly , those modules have done no better than the ones left to their own devices .
No one knows why ; perhaps corals , like delicate houseplants , favor a specific angle to the sun .
When that orientation is lost , the polyps wallow in confusion .
Christiane busies herself with maintenance , using a dive knife to scrape a cauliflower - like soft coral that , unchecked , will cover the modules like an invasive weed .
As she works , a handsome eagle ray -- about six feet across -- hovers nearby , watching with undisguised curiosity .
Coral on the Fast Track
In my early days as a diver I 'd heard that damaged reefs would take a century to re-grow .
It 's mind - boggling to see how fast these corals are returning .
Moore has a lot of faith in his reefs --" If we build them , they will come " -- but this growth would probably exceed his wildest dreams .
An hour later , back on the boat , Christiane lights a clove cigarette and shakes her head .
" It 's incredible , " she says .
" There are all kinds of fish ; much more diversity than when I visited last .
And at least two kinds of corals : acrophora , and millephora .
Millephora , fire coral , is an especially good sign , because it means big boulders -- coral heads -- will grow .
The whole area will become the foundation for a new reef .
This is exactly what everybody was wishing for . "
EcoReefs being installed on the ocean floor in the waters outside Alung Banoa .
© 2005 Cary Yany EcoReefs being installed on the ocean floor in the waters outside Alung Banoa . © 2005 Cary Yany
We strip off our wetsuits , leave the boat , and wade in toward Nigiri .
Pa ( " Sir " ) Ganche is the village chief , a big man with a broad face and fin -shaped feet .
He meets us by his house , right next to the church .
" The population of Nigiri is 1,139 , " he says .
" The EcoReefs belong to everyone , and we all take care to see that no one is fishing in the no-take zone . "
Free - diving , Ganche checks the modules at least twice a week .
" The coral grows back much faster there than anywhere else ; we did n't expect it to be so quick ! "
The terms of the Seacology agreement require them to wait five years before fishing here again , but Ganche and the villagers are unlikely to start so soon .
" For the time being , " he says , " we do n't plan to fish there again at all . "
A second , smaller Seacology project lies in the waters near Alung Banoa , a village on Bunaken island itself .
This effort has a sad origin ; it was funded by Erdmann 's family and friends in memory of his brother Stephen , who died in a bus accident in Egypt in 2003 .
But our attempt to dive at Alung Banoa site is thwarted by a powerful current .
We make it as far as the underwater memorial plaque , in clear view of the 300 modules , when Christiane gives me an urgent signal to ascend .
Divers caught in such currents can be swept out to sea , or down along the walls ; victims of the Indonesian Throughflow they 've come to enjoy .
$ 50 Grand or Jail
The next morning I meet with Pa Yunus , the local coordinator of Bunaken National Park , in Froggies ' open - air dining room .
With his coiffed black hair and world - weary grin , Yunus looks like an Indonesian Clark Gable , around the time of The Misfits .
Yunus reviews the park 's figures with me .
About 40,000 guests visited Bunaken in 2003 , each paying a modest entrance fee ( for me , about $ 18 US ) .
This generated more than a billion rupiah ( over $ 100,000 ) in revenue .
Eighty percent of this goes to park management , which includes boat patrols of protected areas , moorings , salaries , and a fund shared by the 31 villages within the park .
The rest goes to Jakarta .
Yunus is mainly involved with the patrols -- and they 're still needed .
Last month , men were caught logging the hills on one of the park 's islands .
But there was real drama in August , when a boatload of men were caught fishing illegally in the waters off Manado Tua .
" They threatened us with their speargun , " says Yunus , " but stood down when the park rangers showed their pistols . "
If convicted , the offenders may face 10 years in prison , or a 500 million rupiah ( $ 50,000 ) fine .
I ask Yunus if this is an excessive punishment , in a country where the average salary is about $ 1,000 a year .
" Everyone who lives here knows the law , " he declares .
" When people commit a first offence we give them a warning , and try to teach them why preserving the reefs and forests is important .
On a second offense , they are fined .
But this was the third offense for these people .
Of course they wo n't have the money for the fine . "
He adds , with a diabolical grin : " I think they will choose jail . "
A Tagalong Wrasse
There 's a species of big - lipped wrasse on the Bunaken reefs , so colorful that one might mistake it for a parrotfish .
During my final dive , I see one following me ; it stays by my side me nearly 20 minutes , occasionally darting off to gnaw at the corals .
When I returned to Froggies and tell Christiane , she laughs with delight .
" Nine or ten years ago , " she says , " there was one wrasse -- just one -- who would follow people that way .
The fish had figured out that , by doing so , it could leave its territory without being chased by other fish .
Now , all the big - lipped wrasse are doing it .
How they learned this from each other , no one knows . "
The encounter seemed a wonderful metaphor , and a hopeful note for the future .
Someday , maybe all the creatures in Bunaken National Park will come to see humans as their allies , or at least as more sympathetic predators .
Writer Jeff Greenwald on assignment in Bunaken National Park , Indonesia .
© 2005 Christiane Muller Writer Jeff Greenwald on assignment in Bunaken National Park , Indonesia . © 2005 Christiane Muller
Oakland - based Jeff Greenwald is the author of five travel books , including Shopping for Buddhas , The Size of the World , and Scratching the Surface .
He is a frequent contributor to Salon.com , and serves as Executive Director of Ethical Traveler , a global alliance of travelers dedicated to human rights and environmental protection ( www.ethicaltraveler.org).
Jeff launched his stage career in 2003 with a critically acclaimed one - man show , Strange Travel Suggestions .
Visit his website at www.jeffgreenwald.com
British company Revolymer has taken $ 19.5 million in additional funding to bring their non-stick chewing gum to market .
The round was led by unnamed institutional investors , with founding stakeholder I.P. Group contributing $ 1.6 million to the round for a 11.2 % stake in Revolymer to 11.2 % .
The company raised $ 3.9 million last year .
According to a Press Association report , Revolymer hopes the new product will go on sale to the public under its own brand in 2009 “ after preliminary results showed the gum successfully degraded naturally in water and disappeared from pavements within 24 hours . ”
Anarchism : 2 kinds Share
This :
In commenting on the World Trade Organizations ( WTO ) riots in Seattle , " The Economist " asked , " Why were there no anarchists among all those ' anarchists ? ' "
Actually , there were , but the ones drawing attention were the sort who give overthrowing the State a bad name .
Salon ( almost alone among the media ) was more accurate in stating : " Most reports simply labelled the rioters ' anarchists , ' missing the fact that many among the peaceful blockaders consider themselves anarchists , too . "
Clearly , some definition is necessary .
The self - proclaimed anarchists who proceeded to " direct action at the point of consumption " ( translation : smash windows and loot ) were left anarchists .
They were attacking an abstraction -- the free market - by destroying the specific property of individual shop owners .
The owners were guilty of wrongdoing because , well , they were " owners . "
This is not American anarchism .
Individualist anarchism , the indigenous form of the political philosophy , stands in rigorous opposition to attacking the person or property of individuals .
The philosophy revolves around the " Sovereignty of the Individual " -- as an early champion , Josiah Warren , phrased it .
Whether you prefer the term ' self - ownership ' or ' the non-invasion principle , ' the core of the philosophy remains the same .
The idea is that every peaceful individual must be at liberty to dispose of his person , time , and property as he sees fit .
Force is permissible only in self - defense and only when directed at the offending individual (s ) , not at the representatives of a class .
Individualist anarchism rejects the State because it is the institutionalization of force against peaceful individuals .
Left anarchism ( socialist and communist ) are foreign imports that flooded the country like cheap goods during the 19th century .
Many of these anarchists ( especially those escaping Russia ) introduced lamentable traits into American radicalism .
They believed in " propaganda by deed " : that is , the use of violence as a political weapon and a form of political expression .
By contrast , individualist anarchists demanded that all voluntary exchanges be tolerated , if not respected .
For better or worse , the two schools of anarchism had enough in common to shake hands when they first met .
To some degree , they spoke a mutual language .
For example , they both reviled the State and denounced capitalism .
But , by the latter , individualist anarchists meant " state - capitalism " the alliance of government and business .
As a solution to such " capitalism , " they called for measures such as free banking .
In other words , they wanted to set up voluntary and more effective alternatives .
And if such a voluntary society still harbored such evils as exorbitant interest rates .
so be it .
No one had the right to intervene in a non-coerced exchange .
Not even a well - intentioned anarchist .
The ideological honeymoon was soon shattered .
A major conflict was over the left 's use of violence as a political strategy .
For example , in March 1886 , Benjamin Tucker - editor of Liberty , the voice of 19th century individualist anarchism - caused a national scandal .
He published an article entitled " The Beast of Communism . "
There , he disclosed that " a large number " of communist anarchists in New York City were setting fire to their own property to collect on capitalist insurance policies , even though some properties were tenements with hundreds of occupants .
In one fire , a mother and her newborn had burned to death .
Tucker labeled these so - called radicals as " a gang of criminals . "
Individual and left anarchists were fellow travelers no more .
Liberty became a foremost critic of left magazines like Freiheit , which ran articles on the virtues of dynamite and instructions on how to produce nitroglycerine .
The schism between the two forms of anarchism has deepened with time .
Largely due to the path breaking work of Murray Rothbard , 20th century individualist anarchism is no longer inherently suspicious of profit - making practices , such as charging interest .
Indeed , it embraces the free market as the voluntary vehicle of economic exchange .
But as individualist anarchism draws increasingly upon the work of Austrian economists such as Mises and Hayek , it draws increasingly farther away from left anarchism .
Occasionally , there are issues upon which the left and right can unite in protest .
Opposition to the WTO could have been one of them .
But not because the organization is an expression of " free trade . "
The WTO has nothing to do with free trade .
Some nation members want tariff preferences for developing countries .
Japan wants to protect its fishing and forestry .
Switzerland intends to maintain subsidies for farmers .
The EU wants to restrict certain imports ( e.g. beef ) until the technology ( e.g. genetic modification ) can be ' proven ' safe .
Meanwhile , Clinton demands a standing forum for discussion between the WTO and ILO so that Democrats wo n't alienate the labor vote in the upcoming election .
All in all , the spirit of the WTO is captured by the EU trade commissioner , Pascal Lamy , who believes that free trade should be " controlled , steered and managed according to the concerns of EU citizens . "
This is a definition of ' free trade ' with which I am unfamiliar .
True free trade means the same thing as it did to Legendre , the businessman reputed to have provided a famous answer to the 17th century French politician Colbert , who wanted to know how to assist him .
Legendre is said to have replied , " Laissez nous faire " -- leave us alone .
The historian Ralph Raico explains , " Today the term laissez faire has come to mean : leave the people alone , let them be , in their economic activities , in their religious affairs , in thought and culture , in the pursuit of fulfillment in their own lives . "
This is what the free market means to individualist anarchism .
Left and right anarchists could have united in non-violent protest against the WTO as a vehicle of government oppression .
But instead of smashing the State , left narchists smashed the windows of shopkeepers .
As it stands , there are only two things about Seattle on which left and right can agree .
For whatever reason , the WTO must go .
And at least neither one of us is the police .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
They also divided society into economic classes that were at war with each other .
Those who made a profit from buying or selling were class criminals and their customers or employees were class victims .
It did not matter if the exchanges were voluntary ones .
Thus , left anarchists hated the free market as deeply as they hated the State .
By contrast , individualist anarchists demanded that all voluntary exchanges be tolerated , if not respected .
For better or worse , the two schools of anarchism had enough in common to shake hands when they first met .
To some degree , they spoke a mutual language .
For example , they both reviled the State and denounced capitalism .
But , by the latter , individualist anarchists meant " state - capitalism " the alliance of government and business .
As a solution to such " capitalism , " they called for measures such as free banking .
In other words , they wanted to set up voluntary and more effective alternatives .
And if such a voluntary society still harbored such evils as exorbitant interest rates .
so be it .
No one had the right to intervene in a non-coerced exchange .
Not even a well - intentioned anarchist .
The ideological honeymoon was soon shattered .
A major conflict was over the left 's use of violence as a political strategy .
For example , in March 1886 , Benjamin Tucker - editor of Liberty , the voice of 19th century individualist anarchism - caused a national scandal .
He published an article entitled " The Beast of Communism . "
There , he disclosed that " a large number " of communist anarchists in New York City were setting fire to their own property to collect on capitalist insurance policies , even though some properties were tenements with hundreds of occupants .
In one fire , a mother and her newborn had burned to death .
Tucker labeled these so - called radicals as " a gang of criminals .
" Individual and left anarchists were fellow travelers no more .
Liberty became a foremost critic of left magazines like Freiheit , which ran articles on the virtues of dynamite and instructions on how to produce nitroglycerine .
The schism between the two forms of anarchism has deepened with time .
Largely due to the path breaking work of Murray Rothbard , 20th century individualist anarchism is no longer inherently suspicious of profit - making practices , such as charging interest .
Indeed , it embraces the free market as the voluntary vehicle of economic exchange .
But as individualist anarchism draws increasingly upon the work of Austrian economists such as Mises and Hayek , it draws increasingly farther away from left anarchism .
Occasionally , there are issues upon which the left and right can unite in protest .
Opposition to the WTO could have been one of them .
But not because the organization is an expression of " free trade . "
The WTO has nothing to do with free trade .
Some nation members want tariff preferences for developing countries .
Japan wants to protect its fishing and forestry .
Switzerland intends to maintain subsidies for farmers .
The EU wants to restrict certain imports ( e.g. beef ) until the technology ( e.g. genetic modification ) can be ' proven ' safe .
Meanwhile , Clinton demands a standing forum for discussion between the WTO and ILO so that Democrats wo n't alienate the labor vote in the upcoming election .
All in all , the spirit of the WTO is captured by the EU trade commissioner , Pascal Lamy , who believes that free trade should be " controlled , steered and managed according to the concerns of EU citizens . "
This is a definition of ' free trade ' with which I am unfamiliar .
True free trade means the same thing as it did to Legendre , the businessman reputed to have provided a famous answer to the 17th century French politician Colbert , who wanted to know how to assist him .
Legendre is said to have replied , " Laissez nous faire " -- leave us alone .
The historian Ralph Raico explains , " Today the term laissez faire has come to mean : leave the people alone , let them be , in their economic activities , in their religious affairs , in thought and culture , in the pursuit of fulfillment in their own lives . "
This is what the free market means to individualist anarchism .
Left and right anarchists could have united in non-violent protest against the WTO as a vehicle of government oppression .
But instead of smashing the State , left narchists smashed the windows of shopkeepers .
As it stands , there are only two things about Seattle on which left and right can agree .
For whatever reason , the WTO must go .
And at least neither one of us is the police .
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Saturday 31 May 2008 - 04:00:00 - Permalink ( Background : A commentary occasioned by the WTO riots in Seattle in 1999 ) In commenting on the World Trade Organizations ( WTO ) riots in Seattle , " The Economist " asked , " Why were there no anarchists among all those ' anarchists ? ' "
Actually , there were , but the ones drawing attention were the sort who give overthrowing the State a bad name .
Salon ( almost alone among the media ) was more accurate in stating : " Most reports simply labelled the rioters ' anarchists , ' missing the fact that many among the peaceful blockaders consider themselves anarchists , too .
" Clearly , some definition is necessary .
The self - proclaimed anarchists who proceeded to " direct action at the point of consumption " ( translation : smash windows and loot ) were left anarchists .
They were attacking an abstraction -- the free market - by destroying the specific property of individual shop owners .
The owners were guilty of wrongdoing because , well , they were " owners .
" This is not American anarchism .
Individualist anarchism , the indigenous form of the political philosophy , stands in rigorous opposition to attacking the person or property of individuals .
The philosophy revolves around the " Sovereignty of the Individual " -- as an early champion , Josiah Warren , phrased it .
Whether you prefer the term ' self - ownership ' or ' the non-invasion principle , ' the core of the philosophy remains the same .
The idea is that every peaceful individual must be at liberty to dispose of his person , time , and property as he sees fit .
Force is permissible only in self - defense and only when directed at the offending individual (s ) , not at the representatives of a class .
Individualist anarchism rejects the State because it is the institutionalization of force against peaceful individuals .
Left anarchism ( socialist and communist ) are foreign imports that flooded the country like cheap goods during the 19th century .
Many of these anarchists ( especially those escaping Russia ) introduced lamentable traits into American radicalism .
They believed in " propaganda by deed " : that is , the use of violence as a political weapon and a form of political expression .
Abqaiq , an aging super giant Saudi Arabian oil field , has yielded over 11 billion barrels of oil since it was discovered in November of 1940 .
Its past provides us with the poster child for easy oil .
The first well flowed at 9720 barrels per day , a far cry from today 's land finds where multiple horizontal laterals are necessary to coax lesser quantities from stingier reservoirs .
But Abqaiq 's more recent past paints a more muddled picture , as efforts to extract the remaining oil have produced mixed results .
More advanced recovery methods have been successfully employed in some parts of the field , but these have likewise revealed unexpected geological complexities which have in turn hindered recovery in other areas .
Many of the new challenges encountered in Abqaiq are relevant to the future prospects for other fields , particularly Ghawar and Khurais .
This article will evaluate the development status of the field using satellite imagery to identify recent drilling in correlation with several recent technical reports on new developments and strategies for maintaining production .
" Wolde you bothe eate your cake , and have your cake ? "
John Heywood , 1536
Abqaiq is situated to the northeast of the Ghawar oil field and to the southwest of Dhahran and the headquarters of Saudi Aramco .
It has been producing oil for over 60 years , and although there is still more oil to be had , it has recently become more proclaimed as a supposed harbinger of continued success by Saudi Aramco .
The past and predicted future production from Abqaiq was revealed in a Nansen Saleri ( formerly of Saudi Aramco ) presentation at CERA Week in February 2007 shown below ( click for larger version ) :
There are several features indicated in the above graphic , but of particular note are the Oil Initially In Place ( OIIP ) for the field ( 24.7 billion barrels ) , the marked decline in production since the mid-1990s , and the expected contribution from " Other " reservoirs for future production .
The vast majority of Abqaiq oil has been produced from the Arab - D reservoir , an NE - trending anticline with an uplift on the southern end .
Lesser amounts have been produced from the lower - lying Hanifa reservoir , separated from the Arab - D by over 300 feet of the Jubaila formation .
As indicated , an increasing fraction of the total production is predicted to come from the Hanifa , starting from about 2006 .
But this is not a new aspiration : intensive efforts to tap the Hanifa began in the early 1990s and these have had , as is apparent from the data , minimal success .
The idea was to perform an intensive waterflood of the lower reservoir , with a combination of horizontal injectors and producers ( Oil & Gas Journal ; Jun 21 , 1993 ) , but things clearly have not worked out as expected .
Typical of the spin on Abqaiq is this take by Saleri as reported in the WSJ Environmental Capital Blog :
“ Abqaiq became a renaissance story for Aramco , ” he says , insisting that the field ’s pressure remains strong and its water content is going down even after more than 60 years in production .
Abqaiq “ is doing fantastically , ”
Of course , part of the disconnect here is that " doing fantastically " means different things to different people .
For a reservoir engineer ( such as Saleri ) , this might mean keeping the water cut low and getting the highest possible recovery from the field .
However , for a consumer of Saudi oil , the trend of decreasing production in this decade is not a promising development .
As for a " renaissance " , I suppose one could point to the surge in production in the late 1980s .
But if we put this in context of overall Saudi production ( below figure ) , it seems more likely that this increase resulted from a renewed desire to produce fully rather than a renewal of the field itself .
Much has been made of the decreased water cut ( from 42 % in 2004 to 32 % in 2006 , see SPE 110979 : Technological Applications Redefining Mature Field Economic Limits ) .
While this does improve the economics of keeping things going without needing new equipment for separating oil from water , it does not necessarily lead to more oil .
Note the trend in the figure below ( red=oil , blue=water ) .
The final arbiter , however , might the person counting the money .
If we consider the revenue from the oil extracted from Abqaiq , in constant 2007 dollars , the picture improves tremendously :
Satellite images of Abqaiq presented herein , as well as recent technical reports and comments by Saleri and others , suggest that Saudi Aramco is still serious about keeping the oil flowing .
About half of the Abqaiq OOIP has been produced to date .
Their goal of another 20 % will not come as easily as the previous 20 % , and is certainly not a foregone conclusion that it will happen -- or happen at the rate that they expect .
Using a satellite analysis as a backdrop , let 's see how some of their recent efforts are doing .
Google Earth View of Abqaiq
As of this writing , Google Earth displays high resolution imagery covering the entire Abqaiq field dating to September 6 , 2006 .
There are also low - resolution previews available , covering 2/3 of the field , which date to November 11 , 2007 .
These will be used to identify additional work in the field subsequent to the 2006 date .
Taking Measurements
In the image at right , the outer and inner polygon overlays denote the original oil / water contacts ( OOWC ) for the Arab - D and Hanifa Reservoirs , respectively .
These were determined using publications described herein in conjunction with actual well locations .
Shown below are reservoir size estimations based on the measured areas and literature petrophysical parameters for Abqaiq .
The total OIIP calculated for Abqaiq ( 29.5 billion barrels ) is somewhat high compared to the figure stated by Saudi Aramco ( 24.7 ) , although there are many uncertainties in some of the assumptions .
For one , no allowance was made in the above calculations for edge effects .
This will tend to overestimate oil volumes for both reservoirs .
Also , initial water saturation values might be different than those assumed ; larger values will translate into less OIIP .
The calculated distribution of oil between the various reservoirs and zones , however , is probably more accurate than the absolute numbers .
Although the area covered by the Hanifa reservoir is considerably smaller than that by the Arab - D , the higher porosity and larger thickness of the Hanifa means that it has roughly 1 /4 of the oil of the larger reservoir ( if similar values for water saturations are assumed ) .
Of course , in light of the tightness of the rock ( 1 - 2 mD ) , getting the oil out is the challenge ( although the permeability in Hanifa is more determined by fractures ) .
Furthermore , this challenge is more daunting because the reservoirs , despite being separated by hundreds of feet of impermeable rock , are not isolated from one another but rather connected through extended fractures .
Indeed , they are the same oil .
The problems that arise from this connection will be addressed shortly .
But First , Tee Time
Before checking out the wells , I will first identify the dark area located in the southwest part of the field in the image above .
One surface feature of Abqaiq which is not found in Ghawar ( or other more remote oil fields ) is a residential area complete with a golf course ( alas , not with grass ) .
This is the Abqaiq compound , one of several housing facilities provided by Saudi Aramco for its employees .
While this close location does have its benefits , there are also safety issues which do present constraints on oil field development .
Abqaiq Wells in 2006
Shown in the figure at right is the Abqaiq field as seen in the Sept. 2006 satellite image with all oil wells and well sites identified .
Red and green placemarks indicate old and new wells respectively , blue indicates water injection wells , and green diamonds indicates drilling rigs .
For part of the field , a resource is available for correlation of well locations .
A paper by Paul Lawrence entitled Seismic attributes in the characterization of small - scale reservoir faults in Abqaiq Field ( The Leading Edge ; April 1998 ; v. 17 ; no. 4 ; p. 521-525 ) includes a map with locations of wells in the South Dome area .
This well inventory , probably dating to 1996 - 1997 , will be used later to identify drilling activity subsequent to that time .
The published well spacing was found to be quite accurate .
A disparity in the number of wells between the northern and southern halves of the field ( the " North Nose " and " South Dome " , respectively ) is clear .
Some of this is due to the wells drilled into the Hanifa reservoir which is present only in the south .
Also , the bottleneck in the middle of the field has probably constrained well placement there , given the desire to offset the producers from the peripheral injectors .
But there is definitely drilling and / or redrilling occuring in the north , though the depleted state of the field has revealed some geologic differences between the north and the south , and these have led to the need for different approaches to maintain production levels .
Abqaiq in 1993
Now , let 's step backwards and consider the state of the Abqaiq field in the early 1990s .
The Oil & Gas Journal paper cited above provides data on the remaining oil thickness in the field as of 1993 , and this data has been recreated and superimposed on the satellite imagery as shown at left .
The color scheme indicates increasing oil layer thickness going from black to yellow .
Note that , towards the middle of the South Dome , the oil thickness goes through a maximum and then reverses .
This is due to the presence of a gas cap which resulted from the injection of gas into the crest of the Arab - D reservoir , for pressure maintenance purposes , from 1954 to 1978 .
The remaining oil is squeezed between the advancing waterflood and the gas cap , as is also occuring in the ' Ain Dar area of Ghawar .
There is no similar gas cap in the North Nose .
Drilling 1996 - 2006 : South Dome
Using the ca. 1996 well inventory from the Lawrence paper , wells drilled subsequently can be identified .
Shown at left is a closeup view of the oil thickness map for the South Dome with the locations of the more recent oil wells indicated .
Indeed , most of the subsequent wells have been drilled in the thickest oil layer , including some being developed in 2006 .
Relatively fewer have been drilled towards the center of the gas cap .
Of course , this area is coincidental with the location ( hundreds of feet lower , of course ) of the Hanifa reservoir as shown by the inner black oval .
Distinguishing between oil wells drilled into the two reservoirs based on the satellite imagery is rather problematic , but those drilled well within the gas cap area are most likely targeting the Hanifa .
Two drilling rigs are visible .
The one in the lower left is drilling a new well ( or , at least newer than 1996 ) , whilst the other is a rework of a pre-2006 well .
Eleven new well sites are identified in this part of Abqaiq .
Most of these will probably produce oil , but this can usually only be discerned after pipelines are connected .
The two located near the bottom of the image , however , are certainly water injectors .
South Dome Drilling in 2007
Using three low - resolution DigitalGlobe ( preview ) images dating to February 23rd and November ( 2nd and 20th ) in 2007 , additional well sites developed subsequent to 2006 are identified as distinct changes ( localized color changes ) from the high - resolution 2006 image .
Tentative sites with no surface infrastructure in 2006 are identified as new wells , while activity at well sites existing in 2006 are identified as reworks .
These are indicated in the figure at left as green and red placemarks respectively .
Also shown again are the 1993 oil thickness contours and the perimeter of the lower - lying Hanifa reservoir ( black oval ) .
It is possible that some rework wells are actually new wells next to existing wells .
As was the case in 2006 , most wells are being drilled into either the thicker remaining oil layers in the Arab - D reservoir or into the Hanifa .
Note that , because of the predominance of horizontal drilling , the actual oil target might be somewhat removed from the wellhead geographic location .
Flooding the Basement : Hanifa Water Injectors
As discussed in the O&GJ article cited above , a serious effort to produce oil from the Hanifa reservoir commenced in the early 1990s .
The plan was to employ horizontal water injection wells placed peripherally around the Hanifa reservoir to enhance production from a combination of new horizontal and existing vertical wells drilled updip .
A figure indicating the planned positions of wells was included in the article , but a position match of these with wells identified using Google Earth could not be made .
Instead , it was found that Hanifa injectors could be identified directly , as shown in the figure at right , by tracing pipelines from other injectors and also by visual identification .
A total of 14 wells feeding water into the Hanifa have been identified ( most of which were not present in the 1996 Lawrence well inventory cited above ) .
Water use for injection comes from three different sources .
Seven injectors on the eastern side of the field draw water from the main trunklines which trasport seawater to Shedgum / Ghawar .
On the northwest side , three wells inject produced water coming from a gas - oil separation plant .
Finally , four wells are found to be stand - alone injectors , as described below .
Water Hazard
One interesting part of the injection system for Hanifa is the use of stand - alone water injector wells .
The oil water contact ( OWC ) for the southwest part of the Hanifa field underlies a populated area , and there is some danger associated with having high pressure water pipelines crossing these areas .
In addition , gravity - fed injection ( used for the Arab - D injectors near the Aramco compound ) was deemed unsuitable for Hanifa due to the poor flow characteristics .
Instead , dual - function wells were employed which both withdraw water from an aquifer and then inject it into the target reservoir assisted by an electric pump ( see PROC SPE ANNU TECH CONF EXHIB .
Vol. PI , pp. 619-623. 2000 ) .
One of these wells is shown at right .
It does seem odd that pressurized water would be considered more of a public health hazard than pressurized oil with hydrogen sulfide dissolved in it , but the GOSPs in Abqaiq take in oil at about 400 psi whereas the water is probably being injected at over 2000 psi .
The Coupled Reservoir Problem
Having more than one reservoir from which extract oil without having to leave the field you are in would seem to be a good thing .
However , complications arise when the reservoirs are somehow linked .
For Abqaiq , this linkage exists in the form of small fracture channels across several hundred feet of the Jubaila formation .
This has been suspected for quite some time , as the pressure in the little - produced Hanifa seemed to track that in the Arab - D .
It is theorized that a late - Cretatious upwelling , possibly due to salt diapirism , resulted in fracturing of the older Jurassic layers ( Hanifa / Jubaila / Arab ) .
This might have occured after oil had collected in the Hanifa such that the fractures then permitted oil to migrate into the Arab - D , although the exact sequence of geologic events is not easy to ascertain .
In any event , the situation that developed is one in which a common ( with respect to the vertical ) Oil Water Contact existed in the two reservoirs prior to production .
This is shown in the diagram below .
This represents the equilibrium case .
As water is injected peripherially into one of the reservoirs , the restricted flow through the fractures will push the OWC of that reservoir past that of the second .
This can lead to water inclusion in pockets in the second reservoir , potentially stranding oil .
As oil is produced from Arab - D wells , reduced pressure near the wellbore can cause upward migration of Hanifa oil if fractures are in close proximity .
The desire to avoid this scenario has likely constrained production from the Arab - D in recent years , especially so because of the presence of the central gas .
These challenges have been described in the following 2007 SPE paper : Development of a Dual Media Full - Field Simulation Model to Optimize Injection / Production Strategy for Two Communicating Mature Carbonate Reservoirs .
( SPE 105277 )
Status of Hanifa Waterflood
One indication that the Hanifa waterflood has not been successful is the lack of significant production as reported by Saudi Aramco .
Also , the 2006 SPE paper Smart Well Completion Uses Natural Reservoir Energy to Produce High - Water - Cut and Low_Productivity_index Well In Abqaiq Field ( SPE 104227 ) details many of the difficulties , including inadequate pressure support by the peripheral injectors , due to the limited rock permeability , and low productivity and early watering for most wells .
SPE 104227 also describes a single , well drilled at the field crest through the Arab - D gas cap into the Hanifa reservoir in 1998 .
This well could only be produced intermittantly as the pressure would decrease below the bubble point .
Its output declined 50 % from its starting rate by 1999 , started producing water and decliend further , and was subjected to acid treatment in 2003 .
This bumped up production , but began decreasing degenerating rapidly again .
In Dec. 1994 , the well was worked over to employ gas lift technology to raise the oil out of the Hanifa , making use of the Arab - D gas cap .
This has enabled stable production at about 2000 barrels / day with an equal amount of produced water .
This is presented as a success story , although the long - term viability is uncertain and there are finite limits on how much gas pressure is available for this .
SPE 105277 also relates problems with uneven waterflooding of the Hanifa , with fractures allowing water to flow preferentially through numerous corridors towards the center .
Coupled with the finding that fractures also account for 95 % of the productivity from the Hanifa , placing horizontal wells as to avoid them has drawbacks .
The solution has been to try to model behavior of the dual - reservoir system and adjust water injection rates accordingly while still trying to keep the Hanifa flood front even with that of the Arab - D . Many more producers were planned as of the writing of the paper .
Implications for Ghawar and Khurais
The dual - reservoir problem discussed above is directly relavent to the development of and production from the Khurais oil field in that the same geological assembledge exists there .
One big difference between Khurais and Abqaiq in this respect , though , is that the overlying Arab - D in the former is of much lesser quality .
How this would change the dynamics between the two reservoirs is not known .
In the Ghawar oil field , the Hanifa formation enjoys notoriety , not as a potential stash of oil , but rather as the source of water for what is called the Shedgum Leak Area , groups of wells well above the injection line which started producing water early in their life .
Water flows up fractures across the Jubaila .
The extent that this has impacted production in Shedgum is unclear , or whether pressure communication with the Hanifa will cause further difficulties as the Arab - D depletes further .
Recent Development in the North Nose
Shown at right is the northern portion of Abqaiq with the 1993 oil thickness contours superimposed on the 2006 satellite view and oil well inventory .
Red placemarks correspond to operating wells , green placemarks to new well sites , and diamonds to drilling rigs ( both of which are drilling new wells ) .
The amount of recent activity is surprising given the depletion level of this part of the field in 1993 .
It is also interesting that most of the new wells are placed where oil thickness is ( was ) smaller as opposed to the crest .
There are several publications describing the drilling projects which have been undertaken to maintain production from this area :
SPE 110979 : Technological Applications Redefining Mature Field Economic Limits
SPE 68128 : Use of Short Radius Horizontal Recompletions to Recover Un - Swept Oil in a Maturing Giant Field
Multiphase Pump Recovers More Oil in a Mature Carbonate Reservoir
One graphic found in the latter reference , shown at right , is probably familiar to many readers as it has been used to provide a dramatic visual example of reservoir depletion .
This figure shows depth - distributed water saturation values in an east - to - west vertical slice ( click to enlarge ) .
The figure has often been misinterpreted in that the red areas at top do not correspond to a gas cap ( as the north of the field does not have one ) but rather to rock which still as minimal water saturation .
It is not known exactly where in the north this cross section relates to , although a good guess would be somewhere in the vicinity of the manifold wells discussed in the text .
Note the very large saturation values for the depleted portions of the reservoir ( ~90 % ) .
This translates into much less oil left behind as compared to Ghawar ( 10 % in Abqaiq vs. 25 - 35 % in Ghawar ) .
While this is good news for Abqaiq , and also explains the high expected recovery rate , the implication for Ghawar is that it is not reasonable to conclude that its recovery rate will be similar .
Show below is a similar ( simulation ) slice in northern ' Ain Dar ( Ghawar ) as discussed here .
The main focus of the Multiphase Pump paper is on a successful attempt to rehabilitate a group of wells in the North Nose in which the pressure of produced oil was too low to make it through a connecting manifold and down the pipeline to the nearest GOSP .
These wells are identified in the figure at left as red placemarks with the oil pipelines indicated with red traces .
As of 2006 , all but one of these wells are still connected by pipeline to the manifold .
A number of other wells , shown with blue placemarks , are instead connected to each other and to pipelines for water injection ( blue traces ) .
The cluster of injectors somewhat centrally located amongst the manifold wells seems a marked departure from the use of peripheral injectors , perhaps indicating that the latter approach is no longer sufficient for maintaining pressure at the wellbores .
Also visible in the image at right is the only non-associate gas well in Abqaiq , indicated with the yellow placemark in the lower right corner .
This well , drilled in 2003 , does n't appear to be connected to anything , but the well ID ( ABQQ - 480 ) is of note because it suggests that it was the 480th well placed in Abqaiq when it was spudded .
In general , the picture that emerges is one where the remaining oil in the Arab - D reservoir lies predominantly in the top 40 or so feet of the reservoir .
This has led to the recompletion of many existing vertical wells by shutting off the lower wellbores and adding short horizontal sidetracks to extract oil from the thin layer at top .
This has been used in the South Dome area as well , but with less success as the increased number of fractures in that area adds risk of early watering .
North Nose in 2007
Again using low - resolution 2007 DigitalBlobe images , locations of new and reworked wells were identified as shown at right .
This picture also seems to suggest that a combination of new and recompleted wells in the ( presumed ) oil - bearing areas along with new water injectors are still being deployed in north Abqaiq .
Green and red placemarks denote activity at new and previously existing sites respectively .
Conclusion
Analysis of satellite imagery and correlations with technical publications has helped to build a more complete picture of the reservoirs of Abqaiq and of recent efforts to get more oil out .
A similarity with the Khurais field , specifically the presence of two connected reservoirs of dissimilar quality ( Arab - D and Hanifa ) , portends potential difficulties as Khurais depletes .
In contrast , the rather anomolously high final water saturation for Abqaiq vs. Ghawar suggests that expecting similar recovery rates with the latter is perhaps expecting too much .
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Third party developers and publishers will be launching new non-game applications for the PSP and PS3 in the near future .
That ’s according to SCEE president David Reeves , who was addressing the attendees at DevStation last week .
He reminded the audience that third parties are welcome to add their own services to the PSP or PS3 platforms following on from the upcoming video download service , which was built in partnership with BSkyB .
You ’re going to see more of those partnerships , ” said Reeves .
And those partnerships are an opportunity to the industry . ”
For more on David Reeves , make sure you pick up the latest issue of MCV magazine or read our earlier story on MCVUK.com .
Cenk Uygur of The Young Turks interviewed Rep. Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA06 ) about what the Democratic majority in Congress is planning to do to get us out of Iraq .
Lynn Woolsey : I 'll tell you one of the things -- and you 're just going to hate this -- because I hate it .
But , there 's this sense that we do n't have the votes to do what we need to do , the right things to do , so we 're not going to do anything , virtually .
And what I say is , okay well if our troops , our wonderful troops over there say , " Well , you know , this is really hard and I do n't know we can win this battle , so I think I wo n't do it . "
I just think we are looking at this so wrong .
And I think the people of this country ... 89 percent of Americans polled are saying that our economy is directly related to our involvement in Iraq .
I mean , they get it .
We should n't be there in the first place .
It 's bringing our country down and our economy down .
So I would think that the reason they made us the majority party anyway was so that we would do something about it .
The entire interview is available here .
I 'm out of words to express my disgust .
Hopefully , you are n't and you can contact your congresscritter and remind them that even if they 're calculating on you not voting for another Republican majority , there is always a " write in the blank " option on the ballot .
That includes all incumbent Republicans .
There is n't a safer action for Congress to make , given the polling of how Americans feel about the war and yet , they do n't feel they can get the votes .
Unbelievable .
How about this as a reason ?
We can't afford this anymore .
Can the Ron Paul movement make a difference in the Republican Party , especially in its current weakened state ?
Ron Paul revolution sees second wind
As an author , Ron Paul has accomplished something he failed to do as a Republican presidential candidate : finish first .
His new book , “ The Revolution : A Manifesto , ” has topped The New York Times best - seller list and the Amazon sales chart .
It has also helped rally his grass - roots following long after John McCain clinched the GOP presidential nomination .
Paul ’s supporters began the campaign full of hope .
The libertarian Texas congressman smashed online fundraising records and led the Republican field in the fourth - quarter money primary .
Polls , and more than a few pundits , suggested that Paul was within striking distance of a third - place finish in both Iowa and New Hampshire .
Advertisement
Instead , Paul finished a disappointing fifth place in both states , though he did beat Rudy Giuliani in Iowa and Fred Thompson in New Hampshire .
He finished second in a few caucus states , including Nevada , Montana and Louisiana , but mostly began to register single - digit showings in subsequent primaries .
Paul ’s campaign organization seemed unable to make good use of the millions it raised , and many of the candidate ’s enthusiastic grass - roots followers were becoming dispirited .
Now the Ron Paul revolution , as his supporters call it , is experiencing a second wind .
Paul took 16 percent of the vote in Pennsylvania , his best primary showing yet , and has surpassed 1 million votes in the GOP contest .
Ron Paul Republicans have started roiling local party organizations , taking control of state conventions and running for public office , all without much coordination from their leader .
One of the Ron Paul Republicans who actually has the congressman ’s endorsement is B.J. Lawson , a fellow Duke Medical School alumni running for the House of Representatives from North Carolina ’s 4th Congressional District .
Lawson won his May 6 congressional primary with more than 70 percent of the vote , despite his opposition to the Iraq war and criticism of the Bush administration ’s free - spending ways .
In the neighboring 3rd District , Paul endorsed incumbent Republican Rep. Walter B. Jones Jr. in his primary fight against Onslow County Commissioner Joe McLaughlin .
McLaughlin decided to challenge Jones after the freedom - fries crusader became one of the country ’s most vocal anti-war Republicans .
Jones easily outraised McLaughlin and won the primary by nearly 20 percentage points .
Another Paul endorsee , Murray Sabrin , is running for the Republican senatorial nomination in New Jersey .
Paul traveled to the Garden State on April 28 to help Sabrin raise campaign funds .
In Virginia , Amit Singh is the Paul - backed Republican primary candidate running for a chance to take on Democratic Rep. Jim Moran .
In other cases , Paul is n’t involved in his supporters ’ efforts at all .
Four Ron Paul Republicans in Maryland won their primaries without the congressman ’s endorsement .
Paul backers amended the Alaska Republican Party platform to reflect their stances on civil liberties , the Patriot Act , repealing the 16th Amendment and abolishing the Department of Education .
At GOP district meetings in Minnesota , Paul supporters captured seven Republican National Convention delegate slots ; one delegate was selected by the Maine Republican convention .
The Nevada GOP convention adjourned early after the initial balloting showed Ron Paul Republicans winning at least half the delegates for the national convention .
Even the revived Paul juggernaut is n’t without problems .
One of them is that Paul himself is too much a believer in decentralization to provide his movement with much direction .
At a recent book event in Washington , he was asked what his supporters should do in the general election if he did not run as a third - party candidate .
Paul reaffirmed that he was n’t going to run as a third - party candidate and replied that it was up to his supporters to decide what to do .
Paul had to retract his endorsement of a Ron Paul Republican who was improperly vetted and turned out to be a white supremacist .
Another candidate , Jim Forsythe in New Hampshire , has already dropped out .
Other than in Pennsylvania , Paul , as the last active candidate running against McCain , has n’t done as well as Alan Keyes did in the same position against George W. Bush in 2000 — largely because his disorganized campaign has sent out mixed messages about the status of his candidacy and has not corrected inaccurate reporting on the matter .
Can the Ron Paul movement make a difference in the Republican Party , especially in its current weakened state ?
A similar insurrection strategy helped Barry Goldwater ’s supporters take over and transform the GOP during the 1960s .
But the Ron Paul Republicans — many of them running in predominantly Democratic areas where they have little chance of success , even if they win their primaries — are nowhere near that point yet .
Whether they ever get their way will determine whether Paul is remembered as a consequential figure within the party ’s history or just another also - ran .
W. James Antle III is associate editor of The American Spectator .
Cheerleaders have been brought in from all over the world Indian police say the organisers of the new tournament transforming world cricket could be fined if cheerleaders are deemed to be dressed indecently .
The cheerleaders have been introduced into the Indian Premier League as part of moves to add glamour and entertainment to the game .
Some politicians say the cheerleaders are " vulgar and obscene " .
Mumbai police say they will be checking that the cheerleaders ' performances do not violate entertainment licences .
The cheerleading girls , wearing short skirts and low - cut tops , have been hired from around the world to perform during the matches which are also being heavily endorsed by leading Bollywood stars .
They include cheerleaders from the Washington Redskins .
' Lines of decency ' Ram Rao Vagh , the police commissioner for New Mumbai , a suburb of Mumbai , where the home team is hosting five matches starting on Sunday , told the BBC that they were not considering any action against the cheerleaders themselves .
What 's wrong with cheerleaders ?
I am also a family person , I do not see anything negative in it
Shah Rukh Khan
" It is difficult to enforce moral policing , we cannot define vulgarity always .
It is difficult to ascertain what is vulgar and obscene , " Mr Vagh said .
But he said the organisers could be fined for violating the norms of the entertainment licence they had secured for allowing performances in the stadium .
Senior officers would decide whether the cheerleaders had crossed the " lines of decency " .
A spokesman for the local team , the Mumbai Indians , said they were not worried .
" Our cheerleaders are properly dressed .
They are within limits of what our culture permits .
So we have no problems , " Javed Akhtar told the BBC .
' Routine '
However , the junior interior minister of western Maharashtra state , of which Mumbai is the capital , said the performances of cheerleading girls at the Indian Premier League matches were " absolutely obscene " .
Cheerleaders have complained of sections of the crowd jeering at them Pic : Sandipan Chatterjee / Indian Express " We live in India where womanhood is worshipped .
How can anything obscene like this be allowed ? , " Siddharam Mehetre told the Press Trust of India news agency .
" This thing is meant for foreigners and not for us .
Mothers and daughters watch these matches on television .
It does not look nice . "
Many others find the indignation misplaced , coming from a city , which is home to a thriving industry of Bollywood films where dance sequences featuring women in skimpy dresses are routine .
Bollywood actor , Shah Rukh Khan , who also owns one of the teams in the competition , is one of them .
" What 's wrong with cheerleaders ?
I am also a family person , I do not see anything negative in it , " he said .
The head of India 's National Commission for Women said there was nothing wrong with the cheerleaders if it " just for adding entertainment to the game " .
" It has to be presented in the right manner keeping Indian values intact , " said Girija Vyas .
A former Bollywood actor and a politician belonging to the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , Shatrughan Sinha said the cheerleaders were making a " mockery " of the game .
There have been reports in the Indian newspapers of cheerleaders complaining of sections of the crowd jeering at them and making lewd comments .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The Taco Dorito was spicier than the original Nacho Cheese Dorito , and miraculously seemed to contain more sodium than a chip that size should be able to handle .
In chemistry , I remember learning about saturation and super - saturation .
Somehow , perhaps using advanced 25th century magical powers of nanotechnology , the Doritos people super - saturated the Taco Dorito with delciousness .
That is to say they put so much deliciousness in that product it threatened the very stability of matter itself .
How did they do it ?
I do n’t know and frankly , I do n’t want to know .
Even the Keebler elves never had that kind of power .
Then they upped their game .
When I was seven or eight , Doritos took it to the next level .
How ?
By creating the “ Taco Flavored Dorito . ”
How much did the Taco Dorito taste like an actual taco ?
Zero .
It tasted zero much like a regular taco .
Instead , it tasted better .
Somehow Doritos managed to perfect the perfect food .
Regular readers may or may not be aware of my fondness for all things taco related .
Why ?
Because tacos are taco - riffic .
And yet somehow the good people – nay , great people – at Doritos managed to create a taste so distinctive , it trumped even the good taste of tacos .
And in doing so , they even managed to somehow made me dislike Mexicans less .
There was a time when Doritos made one product – Nacho Cheese Doritos .
This was a revolutionary chip .
Even their shape was revolutionary .
A triangle shaped chip ?
Fuck yes .
Nacho Cheese flavored ?
Hell to the fuck yes .
They came out in 1966 .
Nobody else was mass - marketing tortilla chips back then , let alone flavoring the shit out of them .
Doritos was the Google of its time , so far superior to any other chip out there that to put it in the same snack food category as , say , Lays Potato Chips , would be an insult to the term “ snack food category . ”
It was the perfect chip .
And then it disappeared .
The Taco Dorito entered the Bermuda Triangle of snack foods .
One minute it was there , the next gone without a word to anybody .
And nobody besides me was even talking about it .
Why was I the only one who seemed to notice or care .
Several years later , when they cancelled that stupid Claire Danes show , thousands of people wrote letters to the network demanding it be brought back , and you could n’t even that show .
Nobody did that for Taco Dorito .
Nobody did a god damned thing .
At first I thought maybe Doritos was playing mind games with us .
Or maybe they were copying the folks at Mallomars , who only release their splendid cookie once a year .
But as the years went by , I realized that unless they were implementing a “ Taco Dorito only comes out once even seven years like the cicada ” marketing strategy , chances are the Taco Dorito was gone for good .
Why ?
Having been associated with almost exclusively failed projects over the course of my career , I would like to hazard a guess .
My gut tells me the rest of America was n’t nearly as wild about Taco Doritos as this lonely New Jersey boy , just as the rest of America has n’t been particularly crazy about any of my aforementioned projects .
My guess is that Americans preferred the safe , predictable , even boring flavor of the Nacho Cheese Dorito .
Maybe the rest of the nation felt the Taco Dorito was too spicy , too ethnic , too different .
And maybe , I suspect , they feel the same way about me .
I do n’t know .
From that point on , Doritos lost their luster in my eyes .
They really started to slide downhill after the Cool Ranch Dorito was introduced .
First of all , I do n’t like the idea of Doritos in a blue bag .
Doritos and blue clash .
That ’s why in all of professional sports there is not a single team with orange and blue uniforms except the Denver Broncos who have never won anything ( except several Super Bowls ) .
Will I eat a Cool Ranch Dorito ?
Sure , because despite everything I still enjoy Doritos .
I love their wholesome crunch , I love the flavor granules that scrape off the chip and wedge themselves into the whorls of my fingertips , allowing me the orgasmic pleasure of scraping the taste off with my teeth when I am done with my chips .
To me , that ’s like a Doritos dessert .
But I do n’t love them as much as I once did , back when the Taco Dorito was around .
Since then , Doritos has introduced a plethora of flavor choices , all of which are now preceded by an unnecessary adjective .
“ Sizzlin ’ Picante , ” for example .
Or “ Smokin ’ Cheddar BBQ . ”
Setting aside the fact that I do n’t want to eat any chip that combines the tastes of cheddar cheese and barbecuing , I do n’t know why the marketing folks at Doritos feel the need to add descriptive modifiers to their chip names .
Nor do I know why they feel the need to drop the “ g ’s ” at the ends of “ sizzling ” and “ smoking . ”
Actually , I do know .
Recently I did some work for the people at Pepsico , under the aegis of the Sierra Mist banner .
What you may not know is that Frito Lay , the makers of Doritos , is owned by Pepsico .
A couple years ago Pepsi invited me to go to the Super Bowl , which they sponsor .
As part of the weekend ’s festivities , they had a big breakfast / marketing meeting / cult worship ceremony in which all of the different Pepsico brands showed off their upcoming commercials .
When it was Doritos turn to go , an exuberant , amped - up dude bounded onto the stage and began describing the Doritos brand .
He used words like youthful and fun-loving .
But one word really stuck with me that day .
“ Doritos are outrageous , ” he said .
Outrageous ?
I was n’t sure what he meant .
Did he mean that the chip itself is outrageous ?
Or did he mean that outrageous people , as some part of their outrageousness , enjoyed Doritos ?
Or was it that Doritos forced ordinary people to do outrageous things ?
And what kind of outrageous act would be acceptable to Pepsico ?
For example , I imagine killing a hooker would probably not be okay .
What if the killer employed the “ Doritos made me do it ” defense ?
I ’m not expert on such matters , but it seems to me that could be very bad press .
No , I think to the corporate lackeys who make beverages and snack foods , dropping the “ g ” off the end of words = outrageous .
The thought , perhaps being , that some square English teacher will see the bags on the shelves and say out loud , “ They dropped the ‘ g ’ .
That ’s outrageous ! ”
As he stews in his indignation , some mop - topped skater kid will whiz by , grabbing the Doritos bag so quickly that the resultant breeze will blow off the professor ’s toupee .
That ’s outrageous !!!
Maybe Doritos marketers think that people who routinely drop their g’s are rule breakers , and a chip that does the same will appeal to such people .
But this is a slippery slope .
That same skater kid ( who is already breaking the rules by skateboarding in the supermarket ) might decide that Doritos are awesome , but he does n’t want to pay for them .
So he just skates past the outraged cashiers , glides past the outraged security guys , and out the door , thus giving the proverbial middle finger to all of society .
OUTRAGEOUS !!!
Pepsico , I suspect , does n’t want any actual outrageousness of this sort going on .
Instead , they want the idea of outrageousness safely contained in a plastic snack bag .
They want us to express our outrageousness through the radical , subversive act of eating a corn chip .
Consider their marketing campaign that year .
Regular people were encouraged to create their own commercial for Doritos .
The winning entry would be shown during the Super Bowl .
OUTRAGEOUS !!!
Somebody needs to explain to me how the act of creating a thirty second television commercial for a multinational food and beverage conglomerate could be perceived as anything other than utterly bourgeois , which is a French word meaning “ fucking stupid . ”
The only thing outrageous about it was that they were n’t getting paid .
Then there is the issue of some of the newer additions to the Doritos family like the 100 calorie Mini Bite Doritos .
These are bags of Doritos carefully apportioned so that if one eats the whole bag , that person will be ingesting exactly one hundred calories of outrageousness .
You ca n’t have it both ways , Doritos .
You ca n’t be crazy and impulsive and also a 100 calorie mini bag .
Or what about the Reduced Fat Nacho Cheese and Cool Ranch Dorito ?
Reduced fat ?
OUTRAGEOUS !
Go to the Doritos web site here .
There you will find all kinds of outrageousness : electric guitars , speedboats , seaplanes , plus advertisements for other products like the Xbox and MTV .
Why does a website for one product advertise other products ?
That ’s easy : outrageous corporate synergy .
MTV ?
Outrageous .
Xbox ?
Outrageous .
There ’s also an interactive video game called “ The Quest , ” whose tagline is “ Guessing the flavor is just the beginning . ”
Honestly , I do n’t ever want to be in a situation where I am “ guessing the flavor . ”
Scenario
I want to avoid as follows :
Person 1 : “ Here .
Eat this . ”
Me : “ What is it ? ”
Person : “ Guess ! ”
I much prefer to know what I ’m putting in my mouth before I do so .
And when I do eat something , I want that to be pretty much the end of the adventure .
Because in the past , any adventures I ’ve had that began with me eating something usually ended up with me throwing up throughout the night .
But maybe I ’m just not outrageous enough to play a video game on a website for corn chips .
Why ca n’t we just have chips ?
Why do I need slogans and branding and treasure ?
I just want to be able to eat my salt and trans fats in peace .
And I want those trans fats to be taco flavored , just like they used to be .
Either I ’m just not getting the world anymore or else the world is just gettin ’ more outrageous .
Grand Theft Auto IV is surprisingly — and subtly — enjoyable .
Screenshot courtesy Rockstar Games
I 'll just get this up front : I enormously enjoyed Grand Theft Auto IV .
But here 's the thing :
It 's kind of hard to explain why .
There 's no single thing to point to – no must - see scene , no gotta - do moment of gameplay , no deliriously fun weapon .
No , the game 's pleasures come in weird , subtle , unexpected moments .
Let me give you an example .
At one point , I was having a typically thuggish day : I 'd killed a few drug dealers with a semiautomatic , and while trying to flee , whoops – I accidentally rear - ended a cop car .
Then it was a car chase , all wailing sirens and shrieking pedestrians diving out of the way , before totaling my SUV in a brutal collision and escaping on foot .
A total Hillary Clinton nightmare , in other words .
I finally escaped by ducking into a subway station , and while catching my breath , I decided to explore a bit .
That 's when I stumbled upon a lovely piece of artwork : A huge mosaic of a subway train on the second level .
It looked precisely like the mosaics you see in the New York City subway , except even more ambitious and gorgeous .
And I was thinking , " Man , who put this thing here ?
Who thinks of this stuff ? "
Well , Rockstar Games did .
The Rockstar developers are utterly in love with the idea of the American city : the riot of decay and grandeur , the garish commercialism , the violence and beauty , the architectural delights hidden in every corner .
With GTA IV , Rockstar has produced an ode to urban life .
Which is to say , they 're not really giving you a game to play with – they 're giving you a city .
Rockstar invented the sandbox game , and with this GTA , it has pretty much perfected it .
As with previous games in the series , you play as a minor thug climbing the crime ladder by fulfilling missions .
But you can totally ignore the missions and simply go exploring , eavesdropping or conducting physics experiments by jumping motorcycles off rooftops .
Since this version of Liberty City is modeled loosely on New York City , the game is satisfying merely as a driving sim – you can spend hours cruising around and admiring the garish fluorescence of Times Square , the corroded projects of the Bronx , the Russian mob scene flourishing beneath the rattling subway tracks of lower Brooklyn ( neighborhoods that in the game are dubbed , respectively , Algonquin , Bohan and Broker ) .
The attention to street - culture detail is obsessive , practically Sistine .
Each street corner is a piece of randomly generated theater :
Primly dressed art students wander around with portfolio cases , homeless crack addicts mutter to themselves as they brush past hipster dudes toting Starbuckian sleeves of coffee .
Like all the in - game voice acting , the ambient dialogue is both superbly acted and super weird .
( " I forgot to tell you , I need more socks .
They are all fucked ! " brayed a Russian émigré into his mobile phone as I wandered by . )
This is the same self - regulating anarchy that inspired Jane Jacobs , author of The Death and Life of Great American Cities .
So you could just street - watch .
But once you engage the main " story , " the plot line is so appealing that it 's hard to stop .
In GTA IV you play as Niko Bellic , a just - off - the - boat Serbian immigrant who is scarred by his experience in the Balkan wars .
You 're nursing some secrets , yet trying to start new .
Starting new is n't easy , because you 're immediately trying to pay off your ne'er - do - well cousin 's debts , which means doing the bidding of various low - fi gangsters .
Soon you 're hip - deep in intrigue – whacking drug dealers , stealing contraband and generally breaking the hell out of the law .
The game is n't a celebration of gangster life .
GTA never was ; for all their bad - boy reputation , Rockstar 's designers are adept satirists of American excess .
Indeed , they pretty much share Charles Dickens ' moral view , wherein those in the big city who gain power are inevitably corrupted by it .
( I nearly drove off the road several times while shaking with laughter at the parodies of right - wing talk radio – complete with incoherent , anti-immigrant nativists , slavishly pro-government commentators on the Weasel News network and ads for " baby buying " services . )
GTA IV 's men are filled with sexist bluster – particularly when women are n't around – and the Russian and Balkan gangsters are sloppy psychological messes , often because they spent time in war prisons abroad .
( Rockstar 's choice of Eastern European mobsters for this game , actually , adds a nice frisson , because this is the one criminal class left in America that has n't been glamorized :
They 're simply scary as shit , in real life as in the game . )
Interestingly , Niko is the most likable hero in the GTA series .
He 's a curiously cordial dating partner – and you 'll go on a lot of dates .
Indeed , in a Hollywood - like cellphone irony , your girlfriend will often call to chat while you 're in the middle of a gunfight or car chase .
The game also lets you exercise a bit of your own moral code when you 're given a few key opportunities to disobey your gangster bosses .
( I chose to set free someone I 'd been given a contract to kill , on the promise that he leave town – though I 'm wondering if that decision will come back to haunt me as I continue to play . )
As for the game 's controls ?
Very little is new , but it 's all improved .
Executing your missions is more fun than in any GTA game before , because Rockstar has neatly tweaked some of the mechanics that annoyed many lightweight players like me in the past .
You 're much more accurate with your gun early on ( a fact cleverly explained by Niko 's status as a war veteran ) , and each time you fail a mission , you 're given an option to immediately replay it , which speeds up the game immeasurably .
In previous games , the complexity of GTA 's cities often left you maddeningly lost during time - sensitive missions .
This time , an in - game GPS service highlights the fastest route to drive – a trick that Rockstar copied from Saints Row , a game that itself was a copy of Grand Theft Auto .
My one serious quibble with the gameplay is that the cars still control like tanks , and the camera hovers far too low on the hood , frequently obstructing your view unless you constantly fiddle with it .
Perhaps the best improvement of all , though , is that Rockstar has reined itself in .
Those who played the most recent title in the series – San Andreas – confronted a game so sprawling that no normal earthling could finish it ( not even a friend of mine who was confined to bed with a broken leg for three weeks could go all the way ) .
But judging by my progress , you could get through GTA IV in about 50 hours , doable for an adult who goes to a job and occasionally showers .
Yet I may never finish the game .
In a city this vibrant , it 's hard to stop getting distracted .
At one point , I finished a mission on the top floor of a decrepit apartment filled with crack - addled occupants .
I started to head back downstairs to my car , then wondered : " Hey , what 's up on the roof ? "
So I headed up and , sure enough , it was a spectacular view : corroded water towers dotting the rooftops , bits of weather - beaten graffiti on the masonry , the distant hum and honk of pissed - off drivers below .
Broken and beaten yet flailing onward :
That 's the world of Grand Theft Auto .
What a wonderfully seedy world it is .
- - -
Clive Thompson is a contributing writer for The New York Times Magazine and a regular contributor to Wired and New York magazines .
Look for more of Clive 's observations on his blog , collision detection .
Game|Life : Poll : Is Grand Theft Auto Best Game Title Ever ?
Game|Life : Grand Theft Auto IV Shifts Into Media Overdrive
The Road to Ruin : How Grand Theft Auto Hit the Skids
Listening Post : Grand Theft Auto IV Hustles Songs Through Amazon MP3
Confessions of a Grand Theft Auto Virgin
Last night at a Campfire One event at Google headquarters in Mountain View , a new service was announced called Google App Engine .
Aimed almost squarely at the loosely - coupled Amazon Web Services , Google is betting that developers and startups will opt to host their applications in Google 's cloud , taking advantage of Google APIs , and leveraging the nearly unlimited processing power and storage capacity of Google 's servers .
In comparison , Amazon 's offering is broken out into functional services .
You can use Amazon 's S3 storage solution by itself , or in conjunction with their computing capacity services , or with their payment service , fulfillment service , or queuing service .
While Amazon 's services are broad , generalized , and language / platform agnostic , Google 's wager is geared exclusively towards web applications and the services developers require to make their applications run .
Google has built an infrastructure that allows developers to create web applications programmed in Python code and upload them to and run on Google servers .
Developers are provided with a number of optional Google - related services such as an authentication service built on top of Google accounts , a fast datastore backend based on Google 's BigTable project , and Google 's infrastructure for delivering e-mail .
The Google App Engine currently only supports the Python runtime for running applications and supports any frameworks that speak CGI or WSGI ( with a CGI adaptor ) .
While individuals who are unfamiliar with Python may find this initial requirement a setback , there are a number of web frameworks compatible with the service to make their transition easier .
These include Django , CherryPy , Pylons , and web.py .
Although many of these work just fine , the App Engine does not support certain aspects of some of these .
Most noticeably , Django 's models are not supported due to the unique nature of Google 's datastore .
These have been supplanted with Google APIs for storage , authentication , and more .
Google also provides some workarounds for applications that depend on Django database models to function , like a bridge for Django form validation .
Google has also provided its own lightweight web framework called webapp tailored specially for the nuances of AppEngine .
One of the One of the sample apps provided by Google
Oh , and by the way , all of this is free .. with certain constraints .
During this limited trial , only the first 10,000 registered users will be allowed to participate .
Once this period ends , the service will be open to the public , for no charge unless your application goes over the prescribed , hard - and - fast limits that can not be overaged .
These include a 1,000 - result limit in queries and a few - second limit on how long your application can take to respond to a request .
During this beta period , applications will be limited to 500MB of storage , 200 million megacycles / day CPU time , and 10 GB bandwidth per day .
The Google FAQ equates this to approximately five million pageviews a month .
While these limits cannot be breached during the trial period , at some point in the future , overages will cost the developer money , most likely in a manner similar to Amazon 's billing structure .
It 's not all good ...
The downsides to this program are fairly apparent .
First , developers must write all of their code in Python .
While Python is a great dynamic language with a robust standard library , and over 15 years of active development , there will be some prospective users who would rather deploy their code in a different language .
Google reiterates several times within the documentation that Python is only the first of many , but that they are still in the process of considering other languages for use in the project at this time .
Perhaps the most blatant downside is being locked into Google 's platform .
Existing projects will have to be ported or written from scratch , and those that rely on traditional relational databases will probably have difficulty making the transition .
Even more difficult would be transitioning your application to your own servers if you choose to leave Google 's tender embrace .
Once you 've created an established application on top of Google 's authentication service and stored all your data within the company 's datastore , removing all this code and data and moving it to another location would appear to a be fairly onerous task .
Why would a developer want to deploy their application on Google 's servers and within Google 's constraints ?
First up , it allows you , the developer , to begin coding without having to worry about all the nitty - gritty issues involved with hosting , buying expensive hardware , and scaling your code .
You 'll also be able to integrate more closely with Google 's services , which offers some advantages .
This sounds great to small developers with small sites , but what happens when your cool idea takes off and you 've got thousands or millions of users ?
You 'll be paying a lot of money to Google each month — with no easy way out .
No matter how much your user base and technology is worth , almost no company will be willing to purchase your idea because of the high cost of migrating that code out of Google .
Everyone except Google , of course .
Although Google App Engine offers some clear advantages and lowers the barriers to entry for startups and independent developers , the potential for lock - in creates risks that could prove more costly in the long - term .
The constraints of the service could make it look considerably less appealing than Amazon 's more open - ended EC2 service .
Without a clean glide - path for moving App Engine web applications out of Google 's nest , developers with aspirations of large - scale success might be reluctant to adopt the service .
By Darren Waters
Technology editor , BBC News website
Phorm is a controversial system of internet advertising Online advert system Phorm could make the net less secure and breaches human rights , the service 's creators have been told .
Phorm 's bosses met with members of the public in London to discuss concerns around its controversial deployment .
Kent Ertugrul , Phorm 's chief executive , defended the service , saying it would be a crucial revenue source for ISPs and website owners .
BT , Virgin and Carphone Warehouse have signed up to trial Phorm .
Phorm works by connecting a users ' web surfing habits to a series of advertising channels in order to target adverts .
Keywords in websites visited by a user are scanned and connected to advertising categories , and then matched to particular adverts .
It means a user who has been visiting web pages with lots of references to cars , for example , could then see adverts for cars when visiting a website that has signed up to Phorm 's service .
Privacy worries
But concerns have been raised about privacy implications .
Dr Richard Clayton , treasurer of the Foundation for Information Policy Research and a professor at Cambridge University , told the meeting the architecture of Phorm made the internet potentially less secure .
" I do n't think it improves the stability of the internet , " he said .
Dr Clayton carried out an assessment of the architecture of Phorm following an invitation from the company .
What Phorm is trying to do is to turn people into products - a global warehouse selling pieces of us to the highest bidders
Alexander Hanff , IT specialist
He explained that in some cases a user 's attempt to visit a webpage resulted in the request bouncing back and forth between Phorm 's service and the website three times before completing .
The Phorm system does this in order to connect a user to a particular website when visiting for the first time .
Phorm 's senior vice president of technology Marc Burgess said this type of redirection would happen in less than 1 % of browsing , would be invisible to the user and would not affect the online experience .
' Global warehouse '
But Dr Clayton said this redirection was open to potential abuse and mis-use , potentially by criminal gangs online seeking to connect a Phorm user to his or her web surfing habits .
He said Phorm 's system was illegal in his view because it relied on the interception of data - both the user 's data and data from websites it trawls .
But he also praised the service for its data protection policies in that no personal information about a user was stored or processed by Phorm .
Mr Ertugrul told the meeting that the firm had taken months of legal advice before announcing its plans and was satisfied the service broke no UK law .
" Laws are made by due process not by people standing up and saying it is illegal , " he said .
Speaking at the meeting , IT specialist Alexander Hanff said Phorm infringed people 's human rights with respect to privacy .
" What Phorm is trying to do is to turn people into products - a global warehouse selling pieces of us to the highest bidders , " he said But Mr Ertugrul said Phorm had the potential to transform the economics of the internet .
" The internet today is two to three professionals - Microsoft , Yahoo and Google - and 9,999,999 hobbyists .
" Phorm makes all websites capable of making a living , " he said , adding the technology could end the stranglehold Google has online advertising market .
Narrow margins Mr Ertugrul said Phorm 's ability to put adverts on participating websites based on the users ' interests would be much more valuable that the current advertising model , which is based on the content on the actual web page .
" Even small websites can make money with Phorm , " he said .
He said Phorm would aid ISPs who were struggling to provide a service to customers .
" In the UK the business of connecting you to the internet is almost not worth doing ; margins are so thin , " he said .
Mr Hanff added : " The public perception is that they find it offensive that Phorm are profiling them .
They do not want it . "
Mr Ertugrul dismissed concerns that Phorm 's technology was open to future abuse through " mission creep " .
" The ISPs stand to lose far more for breaching trust than anything else .
If anybody is not interested in mission creep , it 's the ISPs , because they will lose your trust , " said Mr Ertugrul .
Mr Ertugrul invited privacy and security experts to examine the firm 's technology embedded into ISPs at any time they wanted .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The generals were criticised for holding the vote during a national crisis
A new constitution proposed by Burma 's military rulers has been overwhelmingly approved in a referendum , according to the country 's state - run media .
The junta said 92.4 % voted " yes " in the ballot and reported a turnout of 99 % .
The vote was held in two - thirds of the country , but was postponed for two weeks in areas hit by Cyclone Nargis .
Human Rights
Watch labelled the result an " insult to the people of Burma " , while an opposition group said the vote had been " full of cheating and fraud " .
The junta pressed ahead with the referendum on 10 May despite the plight of tens of thousands of people left stricken by the devastating cyclone .
The worst - affected areas are still expected to vote on 24 May - but the threshold for approving the constitution has already been passed , rendering their votes meaningless .
Human Rights
Watch was highly critical of the ballot .
" There is simply no way that 92 % ... would have voted ' yes ' on a document that they know very little about and that most have never read , " said David Mathieson , the body 's Thailand - based spokesman .
The constitution enshrines the junta's hold on power and excludes the main opposition leader , Aung San Suu Kyi , from holding office .
Under its terms , 25 % of seats in both houses of parliament would be guaranteed for the military - making it impossible to alter the constitution without their backing .
Ms Suu Kyi's party , the National League for Democracy , had campaigned for a " no " vote and denounced the results as a fraud .
" In some villages , authorities and polling station officials ticked the ballots themselves and did not let the voters do anything , " said NLD spokesman Nyan Win .
With the country well into its third year of minority government under Prime Minister Stephen Harper there has been very little commentary on what may be the most important driver of his policies .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
No other prime minister in our history has so strained the fundamental edict of the separation of church and state .
Perhaps that 's because the church in question is not the Catholic Church or the Anglican Church -- the ones that used to come to mind in such conflicts .
No , this church is the evangelical Alliance Church ( the same one attended by Preston Manning ) and the implications for public policy are far more dramatic .
Few Canadians probably even realize that the prime minister who is steadily changing the nature of their country is a born - again , evangelical Christian .
Unlike his fellow born - again , George Bush , Harper has been careful to manage his blending of church and state .
But if you have any doubts , read Stephen Harper and the Theo-cons , the meticulously researched 2006 article by Marci McDonald in the Walrus Magazine .
Theocracy lite
There is lots of evidence to suggest that Harper has no problem creating a theocracy lite in this country , partly based on his own religious convictions and partly to ensure that he keeps his core constituency happy .
Some of Harper 's policies -- from his aggressive support of Israel ( taking his lead from the Christian right in the U.S. ) , to legislation that would take into account the death of a fetus in the murder of a pregnant woman ( encouraging his anti-abortion supporters ) are pretty obvious .
But it is the extent to which retribution is at the core of this man that strikes me as one the most disturbing aspect of his government , because it is so at odds with the values of the vast majority of Canadians .
Whether its his war on drugs ( and drug users ) , his obvious preference for the death penalty , his refusal to register any complaint about the illegal treatment of Omar Khadr in Guantanamo , his politicization of the procedure for choosing judges or his appointment of Stockwell Day -- the man who believes the Earth is just 6,000 years old -- as his minister of public safety , Stephen Harper is making it clear that his god is not a forgiving god .
Forgiveness is for sissies .
Stockwell Day , the avenger
Stockwell Day was chosen carefully as minister of public safety .
His retribution credentials are impeccable .
He has suggested that one way to get around the lack of a death penalty in Canada might be to release murderers into the general prison population so that " moral prisoners will deal with it in a way which we do n't have the nerve to do . "
In 2004 , when he was the Conservative Party 's foreign affairs critic , Day refused to issue any statement of condolence or sympathy to the Palestinian people when Yasser Arafat died -- referring his befuddled colleagues to an article by David Frum suggesting that Arafat had died of AIDS .
One of the most controversial issues that highlights the Tories ' desire for retribution is the government 's determination to close Vancouver 's safe injection site for drug users .
The harm reduction project , called Insite , has been praised around the world , positively assessed in 22 peer - reviewed papers and is supported by the city , local police and the even B.C. 's right - wing Liberal government .
Health Canada recommended in 2006 that funding for the project be extended and that similar programs be tried in other cities .
Faith over science
But for Harper and his party , their evangelical Christianity trumps science .
The International Journal of Drug Policy recently featured an article charging that the Harper government directly interfered in the work of independent scientific bodies , tried to muzzle scientists and deliberately misrepresented research findings .
All in the service of ensuring that drug users retain their status as criminals to be punished .
Last September , Health Minister Tony Clement told the Canadian Medical Association : " To me , prevention is harm reduction .
Treatment is harm reduction .
Enforcement is harm reduction . "
Dr. Keith Martin , a British Columbia Liberal MP and former Reform Party star , is also a former substance - abuse physician .
He admits that Clement may succeed in closing Insite : " But in doing that they will be essentially committing murder . "
Other peoples ' death penalties
It is no secret that the Harper government and its public safety minister support the death penalty .
But their preference has taken them to extremes and revealed their contempt for democracy and the rule of law .
Not content with the current law , democratically arrived at , Harper and Day will do anything they can to circumvent it , doing by stealth and administrative fiat what they cannot do , yet , in Parliament .
In a stunning abuse of process , Day simply declared that they were no longer going to follow the policy of seeking clemency for any Canadian sentenced to death who has " ... been tried in a democratic country that supports the rule of law . "
The new position was applied in particular to Ronald Allen Smith , a 50 - year - old Albertan scheduled to be executed in Montana .
Smith was convicted in 1982 for the brutal murder of two young men .
When it suits the government , however , it casually violates its own stated principles and intervenes -- as it has done on the case of Mohamed Kohail , 23 , a Canadian citizen sentenced to be beheaded in Saudi Arabia for the death of a man in a school yard fight .
In March the federal government announced -- rightly , of course -- it would be seeking clemency for Kohail .
The rationale for the intervention was the patent lack of democracy in Saudi Arabia .
But it is difficult to resist the conclusion that on the minds of these two crusaders was the political advantage of challenging a Muslim state .
What principle was in operation for 18 months throughout which time the government refused any action in the case of Brenda Martin , the Canadian held in prison without trial on charges of money laundering ?
Retribution or incompetence ?
It 's hard to know but politics soon dictated that the policy was again flexible .
After her conviction , the government took the bizarre action of flying her home in a private government jet at a cost to taxpayers of $ 82,767 .
No price is too high to take political advantage -- the rule of law notwithstanding .
Judgment days
Retribution was front and centre early in the Harper government 's term in the new process for choosing federal judges .
That was accomplished by two fundamental changes to the independent provincial screening committees advising the government .
Harper added one more federal appointee to the committees , giving the government a de facto majority but more importantly , making that new appointee a police officer with the intent of ensuring the judges appointed are tough on crime .
This so alarmed the Canadian Judicial Council that it issued a statement declaring that : " This puts in peril the concept of an independent body that advises the government on who is best qualified to be a judge . "
There is much more evidence suggesting that retribution is a prime motivator of this government .
A Canadian citizen suspected of terrorist affiliation , Abousofian Abdelrazik , has been in legal limbo for five years in Sudan , courtesy of the Harper government 's refusal to act .
Changes to the Young Offenders '
Act to ensure that offenders are duly punished has been a goal of Stockwell Day for years and the government pursues the goal against all the scientific evidence and the admonishment of the judiciary .
Harper has announced that the government will be cutting $ 26 million from funding for community organizations that support people with HIV or AIDS .
His tax bill giving the government hands - on authority to prevent funding of morally suspect films overtly punishes any filmmaker thinking of violating Harper and his government 's Christian mores .
The new crusades
Perhaps the most fundamental example is the explicit militarization of Canadian political culture .
Harper recently announced the commitment $ 40 to $ 50 billion in additional spending for the military over the next twenty years and this for a country with no identifiable enemies in that period -- other than vaguely defined " terrorists . "
Retribution thus becomes one of Canada 's principal exports as the Harper regime eagerly awaits the next opportunity in the global crusade against Islamic terrorism .
Conservatives govern this country by virtue of fewer than 25 per cent of eligible voters .
Yet this putative minority government status is treated with complete contempt by Stephen Harper , in stark contrast with literally every other minority government in Canadian history .
The source of this contempt , also aimed at the media , the civil service , political opponents and the law itself , may not be simply the man 's well - documented arrogance .
Evangelical Christianity has its own special disdain for democratic governance .
When the Bentley ( Alberta ) Christian Centre was under Stockwell Day 's guidance ( he was school administrator from 1978 to 1985 ) , it featured a social studies lesson that declared that democratic governments " represent the ultimate deification of man , which is the very essence of humanism and totally alien to God 's word . "
That about sums it up .
Theocracy lite .
But give these people a majority and it will get much heavier .
Related
Tyee stories :
There were reports of arrests in Harare , according to nongovernmental organizations .
Cabani Moyo , information officer for Crisis in Zimbabwe Coalition , an alliance of human rights groups , described via cellphone two arrests he was trying to investigate at Harare ’s central police station .
He said Marvelous Kumalo , an incoming member of Parliament elected from a constituency near Harare , had sent a text messaged to him saying he and Frank Chikore , a freelance journalist , had been arrested and were being held at the station .
Mr. Moyo said Mr. Chikore was arrested Tuesday while videotaping the police in a northern suburb of Harare as they towed away a charred bus .
“ They ransacked his home , took his videotapes , cameras , cellphones and laptop , ” Mr. Moyo said .
Mr. Moyo said Mr. Kumalo had called him on Monday to say that his wife had sent him a text message saying intelligence agents were looking for him in connection with the protest .
“ Do n’t come home , ” she instructed him , according to Mr. Moyo .
Later , after visiting the central police station , Mr. Moyo said the police told him and Mr. Kumalo ’s wife that the two men were not there .
It was not possible to confirm independently whether the two men had been arrested .
A security guard who works in Harare described a panicked phone call he received from his brother , who he said lives in their home village in Nurewa , a rural area east of the capital .
A militia of 10 to 15 youths , armed with a gun , knobkerries and batons , had come marauding , said the guard , spoke on condition of anonymity .
He said the militia rounded up the villagers and demanded to know who had been putting up posters for the opposition Movement for Democratic Change and campaigning for its candidates .
Half a dozen villagers had been badly beaten , the guard said .
“ They are still bringing the violence , ” he said .
“ They are still collecting the names , targeting people so they can beat them .
There ’s nothing I can do . ”
Official results of last month ’s voting showed that Mr. Mugabe ’s party , ZANU - PF , had lost control of the lower house of Parliament for the first time in 28 years .
The anti-foreigner party was expected to re-elect its leader Udo Voigt and affirm its extreme nationalist policies .
Voigt told supporters the government had failed in 2003 in a law case to ban the NPD and was now trying to undermine the group by " drying up " its income .
He said a fine for filing fraudulent accounts had dealt a " serious blow " to the party .
The NPD has seats in two of Germany 's 16 state assemblies , but has never won seats at federal level because of a rule blocking representation to groups with less than 5 per cent of the national vote .
About 2,000 people attended two anti-NPD rallies in Bamberg .
After lethal clashes between the opponents on May 1 in Hamburg , riot police kept a close eye on about 450 militant leftists who marched into Bamberg from its railway station to confront the NPD .
Police detained 19 , but there was no major trouble .
Bamberg mayor calls for peaceful protests
Hundreds of protestors gather in Bamburg
Mainstream groups attended a " festival for democracy " on Bamberg 's main square , where Mayor Andreas Starke said his city had vainly sought by legal means to prevent the NPD conference taking place there .
He called for anti-NPD protests to be peaceful .
" This party stokes hate and prejudices , it 's racist and anti-Semitic .
We , on the other hand , avow ourselves to the values of the Constitution , to freedom , tolerance and human rights , " he said .
Anti-subversion agencies who monitor the NPD estimate its card - carrying membership has grown recently by 1,000 to 7,000 as Germany neo -Nazis rally to it .
The NPD denies that it is neo -Nazi .
German law outlaws neo -Nazi organizations .
In the northern German port city of Kiel , police counted 1,200 demonstrators Saturday at an anti-NPD rally .
The protesters were alarmed by poll data suggesting the NPD would win some seats in the Kiel city council in an election on Sunday .
READER COMMENTS ON
" GOP Polling Place Photo ID Restrictions : Keeping Vets ( and So Many More ) From Voting in America "
( 50 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/4/2008 @ 2:02 pm PT ...
Why does the Supreme Court hate America ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/4/2008 @ 2:04 pm PT ...
Why does Flush Rimbowl hate America ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Ronald Legro said on 5/4/2008 @ 4:54 pm PT ...
I smell class action lawsuit .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 5/4/2008 @ 7:36 pm PT ...
# 3 Can you do that after a supreme court ruling ?
Alito and all of bush cronies on the supreme court need to be replaced , seriously .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/4/2008 @ 7:44 pm PT ...
You mentioned Missouri here .
In the lead - up to the 2006 midterm election , I recall reading in a blog maintained by Mainstreet Moms a post by a Democratic voter who moved to Mo. from another state ( ca n't remember which ) and was hassled by the local ROV when she attempted to register in that state .
Whatever official she had to deal with made her run all over the place looking for one piece or another of proof that she was who she is and lived where she said she lived , before letting her register .
It was pure harassment , and this voter was afraid to do anything about it for fear of not being allowed to vote .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/4/2008 @ 9:51 pm PT ...
Yup .
That 's Missouri .
Thor Hearne Country .
( And my old home state . )
He 's the man behind every Photo ID / Voter Suppression curtain in America .
Or , at least the man in front of the other man behind the curtain .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... greg0 said on 5/5/2008 @ 1:07 am PT ...
When any official screams at me , " Vere are your papers , old man ? " , I will gladly show my passport .
Because the most important right we now have is the right to obey .
The US Constitution and all those ancient ' Liberty , Equality , Fraternity ' ideals are quite out of date .
Money is the new equalizer and only Big Money gives true liberty .
Just as the courts have ruled money is equivalent to free speech in regard to campaign finance laws , I anticipate new rulings that reconsider poll taxes as not taxes at all , but rather user fees .
How else can the idle rich keep the rabble from conducting class warfare at the ballot box ?
Democracy is SO dangerous !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 5/5/2008 @ 1:29 am PT ...
I really have to wonder about Justice Stevens who voted along with the majority in this decision .
What gives ?
Is this guy getting senile or is he reverting to his conservative roots ( I believe he was a Ford appointee ) ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Geri said on 5/5/2008 @ 5:57 am PT ...
We need to stop waitng to fix these voting problems .
Every election its the same FRAUD .
I am fed up .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Nacho Mamma said on 5/5/2008 @ 7:03 am PT ...
It appears to me that if you would do some reseach on your own , you might know that a PHOTO ID is NOT needed to obtain an Indiana birth certificate .
The ID documents needed .
Here is the research for you :
http://www.in.gov/isdh/b...ertifs/faq.htm#VitalFAQ6
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/5/2008 @ 8:50 am PT ...
And along these lines of discussing how much it costs to get these documents ...
Last summer , my family of three spent a grand total of $ 260 getting passported - up to travel into and out of Canada .
That is NOT chump change to us , since we are ACTUAL members of America 's middle class , and not members of that part of the middle class that lives off of $ 200,000 / year ( which is , btw , an absurdity , that my family is somehow lumped in with families pulling in that kind of money every year ) .
Additionally , I spent all day long driving to San Francisco , standing in line at the county records office , and then driving back home again , in order to get a certified copy of my daughter 's birth certificate ( the copy I had paid for and had on hand since her birth , which I had also stood in line for the greater part of a day back in 1995 when she was born not being good enough for the purposes of getting a passport ) , a certified birth certificate being a requirement for obtaining a passport for her .
Fortunately , I had a certified copy of my birth certificate at home , but if I had n't , that would 've been yet another hurdle to jump over , and it would have been a huge hurdle , since I was born in some podunk town in west Georgia so long ago that all records of my era were on microfiche ( who remembers THIS method of records storage ?!)
And my husband , who is even more ancient that I am , fortunately had a passport that had been used within the time frame allowable to be accepted to get another passport , otherwise , that would have been yet another hurdle to leap through .
Also , at the post office , they tried to intimidate me into spending an additional $ 300 or so for " speedy service , " telling me that , even with 12 weeks before our trip , I may not get these passports in time to travel .
When I told them that was absurd , that even government offices are n't THAT inefficient , I was told that holidays and weekends did not count in the calculations of how long it might take to get my passports ( another blatant , patently absurd attempt to get an additional $ 300 out of me . )
I cannot fathom how difficult a similar process might be for people who are disabled , chronically or acutely ill , elderly , impoverished , not savvy in the way you need to be to deal with bureaucracy like this , loaded down with four young kids , or just plain fed up with a system which is all about harassing people , and not helping them .
What about people who do n't know for sure exactly which county in America stores their birth records and who do n't drive and so do n't have drivers ' licenses ?
These fascist - loving goons who think all Americans should be suited up with special documentation allowing them to vote should be required to step into someone else 's shoes for a project to get this documentation under less - than - ideal circumstances .
I deliver food every week to families who can't afford to turn on their heat in the winter months .
Where the hell are these people going to find a couple hundred dollars and a driver willing to transport them all over the area to get their required documents ?!
This is a travesty !
People like Thor Hearne should be required to devote their anal tendencies toward more productive , less obstructive projects , like tracking the billions of dollars that are being dumped into the ME right now with so little accountability that many over there are getting their hands on it and using it to relocate themselves to a less violent political environment .
And please , spare everyone the ignorant , mal - informed responses that , since it 's no big deal for YOU to get " written permission " from the government to vote , it 's not a problem .
End of current rant .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/5/2008 @ 8:55 am PT ...
And after all that , I left out an important question to ponder .
How long do you think it 'll be before we all have to get tatooed ?
And where on our bodies do you think these tatoos will be placed ?
And if you somehow can't imagine that we are heading in that direction , then you do n't deserve to live in a country that 's supposedly all about freedom .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 5/5/2008 @ 12:50 pm PT ...
Forget a tattoo .
The " sign of the beast " will be a broadcast RFID chip implanted at birth .
Failure to have a chip when " scanned " will result in instant death , the presumption being that only an ultra - dangerous criminal would not have the chip in place .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... ERW said on 5/5/2008 @ 3:42 pm PT ...
This just makes me so damned mad , I 'm speechless .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Tim said on 5/6/2008 @ 12:30 am PT ...
I do n't understand the hullabaloo over voter ID cards .
My mother - in - law is 78 , has never driven a car in her life but she has a ID card issued to her by the Texas DOT , which is exactly like a drivers license , except she is not permitted to drive .
So instead of going overboard with the court decision it will be in the best interest of democracy if everybody put is some effort to get ID cards for every US citizen .
PS : I am not a Republican .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... lmwilker said on 5/6/2008 @ 6:46 am PT ...
I live in Indiana and just voted this morning .
It was very intimidating .
When I entered the voting site the woman at the table barked , " You must show us an ID " very old school Soviet style .
Very un-American .
I had voted in the last Indiana election that also required ID and had similar feelings .
It 's a feeling I get whenver I 'm in a WalMart supercenter surrounded by an ocean of cheap , Chinese , crap .
The Communists won , comrade .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/6/2008 @ 8:35 am PT ...
Re " I do n't understand the hullabaloo over voter ID cards . "
Neither do I !
Why are we asking citizens to get them ?
What problem (s ) are they solving ?
These cards , and all the money taxpayers are spending to acquire them , are a result of lobbying by database companies .
That , my friends , is where all this information - gathering for " national security " purposes is coming from .
It is providing huge income streams for all kinds of businesses , beginning with Oracle and Sun .
Instead of wasting money in this way , how about sitting down and developing a comprehensive national secure elections policy , based on true security needs , and not based on providing streams of revenue flowing from taxpayers to private corporations .
BTW , my mother 's grandparents in Germany and my husband 's great - grandparents in Germany had no difficulty whatsoever getting their government - approved documentation from public officials in Germany , either .
That , my friends , is NOT an argument for forcing citizens to get all " documented - up . "
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/6/2008 @ 1:28 pm PT ...
" He had been to the license branch several times , trying to attain a new photo ID card , and had been denied .
In order to get a new photo ID , one must have one form of primary identification : an original birth certificate or naturalization card , a U.S. Veterans Universal Access Identification card , a current military ID card or a valid U.S. passport . "
This is article is suspect .
Mr. Baughman does n't need a " new photo ID card " , all he needs is to renew his driver 's license .
To do so , he DOES NOT NEED " an original birth certificate or naturalization card , a U.S. Veterans Universal Access Identification card , a current military ID card or a valid U.S. passport . "
To renew his driver 's license , he can use his voter ID card mentioned in the article , and proof of SS number .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/6/2008 @ 1:34 pm PT ...
Reply to lmwilker , # 16 .
I voted in Indiana today without a problem .
Everybody was nice , simply show my ID , sign the book , and tell them what ballot I wanted .
I have had more trouble getting a prescription filled than I did voting .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/6/2008 @ 1:40 pm PT ...
Mark
If he can't get his voter 's ID without a valid driver 's license , and can't get his driver 's license renewed without his voter ID or proof of any of those other maybe - impossible - for - him - to - get ( whether in time or ever ) IDs , HOW THE HELL IS HE GOING TO BE ABLE TO VOTE ?
There are many Americans who are trapped in a no man 's land of this ID bullshit .
Everyone is n't like you .
Not everyone can get their hands on their birth certificate , or find their Social Security card ... or have the ID to get a duplicate ....
Many , many , many people are going to have extreme difficulty meeting Indiana 's ID requirements .
Think about it !
You sound like a glib person with enough money to ignore the realities of your fellow citizens .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/6/2008 @ 1:48 pm PT ...
And , I do n't mean to be insulting , but ... you should try listening to yourself and comparing it to the way fascists in Germany and Italy were talking back in the 1930s ....
If you can't bring yourself to believe the difficulty for people this presents , you could just concentrate on how unAmerican the whole Show Us Your Papers thing is , irrespective of whether it 's easy or difficult or impossible to comply .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/6/2008 @ 2:26 pm PT ...
Agent 99 , # 20 .
" If he can't get his voter 's ID without a valid driver 's license , and can't get his driver 's license renewed without his voter ID or proof of any of those other maybe - impossible - for - him - to - get ( whether in time or ever ) IDs , HOW THE HELL IS HE GOING TO BE ABLE TO VOTE ? "
If you had actually read the article , you would have known that the had his voter 's registration card on hand .
" He had with him his expired driver ’s license ( he rides a bicycle ) , his Department of Veterans Affairs card ( featuring his purple heart endorsement ) and , of all things , his voter ’s registration card . "
To renew his driver 's license , he do n't need any other IDs , " maybe - impossible - for - him - to - get ( whether in time or ever ) IDs " .
Clearly , you have let your emotions override you ability to bring a fact based argument to the table .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/6/2008 @ 2:31 pm PT ...
I 'm sorry for being unclear , Mark .
I was using the term " he " in the generic sense , not specifically about one person 's trouble .
I was not paying attention to the nits that started your picking .
My concern , right here , is to get you to stop with this voter ID being just fine thing you 've got going , and think about how offensive to the Constitution it is ....
My comments are DEFINITELY fact - based .
I 'm not talking about one bicycle rider ; I 'm talking about America .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/6/2008 @ 2:39 pm PT ...
Reply to Agent 99 , # 21 .
I am use to those who have no clue to making arguments and accusations based on ignorance .
" If you ca n't bring yourself to believe the difficulty for people this presents " you could just concentrate on how unAmerican the whole Show Us Your Papers thing is , irrespective of whether it 's easy or difficult or impossible to comply . "
Give us REAL examples of these " difficulties " .
And please do n't resort to making them up as you did in # 20 .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/6/2008 @ 2:56 pm PT ...
Give us REAL examples of these " difficulties " .
And please do n't resort to making them up as you did in # 20 .
Are you ten ?
I may be vexing you with my imprecision , for which I am sorry , but not sorry enough to bog down my time playing your game of excusing the inexcusable .
If you really can't think of it , or of the Constitution , may I suggest night school ?
You can learn about the founding documents and become socialized enough to someday be able to see for yourself what a problem this law is for many of your fellows ... and by " fellows " I mean the rest of the citizens of this country ... assuming you even are a citizen ....
[ Oh , oh , and just to be even clearer , even if all the citizens of Indiana might be able to get this ID without it being so much of a burden as to constitute disenfranchisement , which I 'm not saying it is , just saying even if that were true , it is n't true in other states and the Supreme Court 's decision does not merely make this Nazism legal for Indiana ; it makes it legal all over the country .
That is just not okay .
Period . ]
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/6/2008 @ 4:36 pm PT ...
99 , ten - year - olds are not necessarily this clueless .
Clearly , Mark is not reading anything that does n't support his " opinion " that acquiring " permission cards " to vote in many cases constitutes disenfranchisement .
If a person does n't get to vote today in Indiana because of this nonsensical Supreme Court ruling that solves no existing problem , btw , then that person has been , effectively , disenfranchised .
Mark , what elections security problem do you think is being solved by these voter ID cards ?
Just answer the question , w/o clouding the issue by talking about how your grandmother got on her scooter , drove down to the DMV , did n't have to wait at all , and got her permission slip to vote ?
What elections security problem do you think is being solved by these voter ID cards ?
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/6/2008 @ 4:49 pm PT ...
Golly , Linda , " permission cards " !
That rocks !
Good way to put it to clarify the issue .
I 'm thinking maybe even " permission slips " might drive it home even more effectively , but I 'm not sure if that 's the term all over the country for grade schoolers getting parental consent ....
It is in California .
What do you think ?
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/6/2008 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
You betcha !
The Republicans are treating our elections like they 're a junior high school gym dance , and you have to bring written permission from yo' mama to show to the principal to get in and dance !
This is b******t!
What problem is being solved by requiring these cards ?
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/6/2008 @ 7:56 pm PT ...
Reply to Linda , # 26 " permission cards " ??
Are you talking about a voter registration card ??
Afterall , you can't vote in Indiana unless you register to vote .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/6/2008 @ 10:37 pm PT ...
Since you can't vote in Indiana now without a voter ID , which gives you permission to vote as you registered with your ROV , then yes , I will call voter ID cards " permission cards / slips . "
What problem is being solved by requiring that all registered voters carry with them and present to poll workers an ID card before voting ?
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/7/2008 @ 6:28 am PT ...
Reply to Linda , # 28 .
In the Indiana lawsuit , the court noted that voter impersonation takes place in this county .
The court noted the 2004 Washington State election .
This was the elections where the Governor was not elected by the people , but by election fraud , i.e. the 133 margin of victory was overshadowed by 1600 fraudulent ballots cast in the election .
" State ’s Ex. 3 , pp. 4 - 5 , 19 ( court findings that in the State of Washington ’s 2004 gubernatorial elections more than 1,600 fraudulently cast ballots , including 19 ballots cast by dead voters , six double votes , and 77 votes unaccounted for on the registration rolls ) " http://www.insd.uscourts...ov/opinions/ao6340o1.pdf
The state of Indiana took a pro-active stance to make sure that this type of voter fraud would not take place in our state .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Kathy in St. Louis said on 5/7/2008 @ 10:20 am PT ...
The repukes have done everything in their power to disenfranchise minorities and poor people .
Now they 're going after nuns , veterans , and college kids .
They are taking us back to the " good old days " when only property owning white men were allowed to vote .
Thanks to the black robed ideologues on the Supreme court our liberites are in jeopardy and the Bill of Rights is faltering at the whims of the far right .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/8/2008 @ 6:55 am PT ...
Reply to Kathy , # 33
The nuns in South Bend could have voted by absentee ballot , no ID required .
The veteran in this story could have voted absentee , no ID required .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/8/2008 @ 2:43 pm PT ...
Mark Cook # 31 - Consider this your first warning that posting knowing disinformation will lose your posting privileges here .
Under the assumption that you did not know you were posting disinfo , when you described " court findings that in the State of Washington ’s 2004 gubernatorial elections more than 1,600 fraudulently cast ballots " , I 'll help you out .
You can read more from the Seatle Times article here , but here 's a couple of cogent responses to the bullshit you alleged : Judge John Bridges today upheld the election of Gov. Christine Gregoire , dismissing a Republican lawsuit and so soundly rejecting the party 's claims that Dino Rossi said he would not go forward with what had been seen as an inevitable appeal .
...
In a ruling that took nearly one hour to read , Bridges said he saw no evidence of fraud
...
" I think it was a resounding rejection of every one of the Republican claims , " said Democratic attorney Jenny Durkan .
" They chose the county , they chose the court , they chose the method of proof , " meaning the proportional deduction analysis .
...
On the Republicans ' fraud charge , the judge repeated the fact that there was no official fraud claim in the case , but then said that in any case , he saw no evidence of fraud .
...
There is no evidence that the problems in King County had anything to do with " intentional misconduct or someone 's desire to manipulate the election " or " partisan bias , " the phrase Republicans used to allege wrongdoing .
...
Secretary of State Sam Reed , who had been critical of some of the claims of vote fraud made by his fellow Republicans , said he hopes Bridge 's ruling , which he called " forthright , practical and clear , " will help rebuild voter confidence .
...
Reed criticized the Republican efforts to claim vote fraud without producing convincing evidence .
" I think if they were going to allege fraud , they should have done it in the initial filings of the case and I think they should have had proof of fraud , and obviously they did n't do that . "
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/8/2008 @ 2:47 pm PT ...
Constitution - hating Mark Cook # 33 said :
The nuns in South Bend could have voted by absentee ballot , no ID required .
The veteran in this story could have voted absentee , no ID required .
Good idea !
What say we pass an equally arbitrary and unnecessary law which says that everyone named " Mark Cook " will be forced to vote by a different means than everybody else !
Even if those ballots are not counted with the same weight as everyone else 's .
Sound like " equal protection " to you , genius ?
( see : U.S. Constitution , 14th Amendment for more details . )
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/8/2008 @ 3:17 pm PT ...
Mark Cook , re " In the Indiana lawsuit , the court noted that voter impersonation takes place in this county . "
It is not worth engaging with someone who is not taking the time to not be uninformed , let alone actually informed well .
The court actually admitted that voter impersonation is mostly nonexistent , and that when it has actually taken place , those instances have been rare , isolated , and of no consequence .
That 's it .
I 'm through with you .
You are way behind in this game and , instead of spending time typing in your opinions which are based on factual misperceptions , you need to go get better - informed .
Adios .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/8/2008 @ 3:21 pm PT ...
Your ignorance persists .
Re " The nuns in South Bend could have voted by absentee ballot , no ID required .
The veteran in this story could have voted absentee , no ID required . "
You conveniently left out that these voters then have a limited time to physically get their asses down to the ROV to prove that they are who they already proved they are when they registered to vote .
If they do n't do this , their votes are nullified ( not tabulated in the final vote count ) .
Are you trying to be ignorant ?
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/8/2008 @ 8:03 pm PT ...
Reply to Brad , # 34 .
" Consider this your first warning that posting knowing disinformation ... "
I am sorry , but repeating the actual court findings is not disinformation , it is called fact .
Apparently you do not know the difference .
Court 's oral decision ,
Borders v. King County
June 5 , 2005 .
" Based on the findings , the Court concludes that 1,678 illegal votes were cast in the 2004 general election .
This includes felons established by petitioners totaling 754 , felons established by intervenors totaling 647 , deceased voters totaling 19 , double voters totaling 6 , provisional ballots in King County totaling 96 , provisional ballots in Pierce County totaling 79 and additional votes in Pierce County for which there could not be found a registered voter through crediting , at least , totaling 77 .
And , therefore , the total is 1,678 . "
http://moritzlaw.osu.edu...cuments/oraldecision.pdf
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/8/2008 @ 8:30 pm PT ...
Reply to Linda , # 37
You conveniently left out that these voters then have a limited time to physically get their asses down to the ROV to prove that they are who they already proved they are when they registered to vote .
If they do n't do this , their votes are nullified ( not tabulated in the final vote count ) .
Sorry , but your argument fails because you are trying to apply the provisional ballot laws upon the absentee ballots .
IC 3-11-10 - 1.2 Proof of identification not required Sec. 1.2 .
An absentee voter is not required to provide proof of identification when : ( 1 ) mailing , delivering , or transmitting an absentee ballot under section 1 of this chapter ; or ( 2 ) voting before an absentee board under section 25 of this chapter .
As added by P.L.109-2005 , SEC.8 .
Amended by P.L.103-2005 , SEC.10 .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/8/2008 @ 8:55 pm PT ...
Reply to Brad , # 35 Good idea !
What say we pass an equally arbitrary and unnecessary law which says that everyone named " Mark Cook " will be forced to vote by a different means than everybody else !
PLEASE DO SO , I WOULD LOVE IT !!!!
The 98 year old nun could have voted from home with an absentee ballot , which is a PAPER BALLOT , and then mailed it in .
In 2004 , I stood in line for 2 1/ 2 hours to cast my vote in an ELECTRONIC VOTING MACHINE .
Yes , Brad , I would GLADLY vote from home with a PAPER BALLOT .
I do n't have get out of bed , I do n't have to drive to the polls , I do n't have to show an ID , I do n't have to stand in line , I do n't have to drive back home .
Even if those ballots are not counted with the same weight as everyone else 's .
Indiana does n't count a vote on a provisional ballot as one vote ?
What is the " weight " of that ballot ?
1 /2 of a vote ?
1/3 of a vote ?
Sound like " equal protection " to you , genius ?
( see : U.S. Constitution , 14th Amendment for more details . )
Unlike your " same weight " argument , this is a REAL 14th Amendment protection .
Sims v. Reynolds , USSC , 1964 " The right of suffrage is denied by debasement or dilution of a citizen 's vote in a state or federal election . "
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/8/2008 @ 9:17 pm PT ...
Mark Cook # 38 said : I am sorry , but repeating the actual court findings is not disinformation , it is called fact .
Apparently you do not know the difference .
Oh , I 'm sorry , where in the " actual court findings " does it say that " in the State of Washington ’s 2004 gubernatorial elections more than 1,600 fraudulently cast ballots " ?
Apparently you do n't know the difference between " repeating " and inaccurately and misleadingly paraphrasing .
You also seem to have trouble with the word " actual " .
I 'll refer you back to what the Judge actually said , as reported contemporaneously at the time , and quoted in my note to you above .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/8/2008 @ 9:21 pm PT ...
Mark Cook # 40 continued to embarrass himself with : I would GLADLY vote from home with a PAPER BALLOT .
I do n't have get out of bed , I do n't have to drive to the polls , I do n't have to show an ID , I do n't have to stand in line , I do n't have to drive back home .
Wow .
Then you are even more foolish than your previous notes would indicate .
And , apparently , willing to give up your right to a private ballot and to allow your vote to be counted differently ( and thus , with different weight ) as the other ballots cast in the election .
On the other hand , without having to show that ID you 're in favor of , you could enjoy much easier voter fraud , and hey , you could even sell your vote and make a few dollars !
Odd that you'd be in favor of Photo ID 's for everyone but yourself ( and others ) when voting absentee , eh ?
As to the varying weights of provisional , absentee and regularly cast ballots , I 'll let you go educate yourself a bit .
I believe Justice Souter speaks to it in his dissent against Indiana 's unconstitutional law .
Go teach yourself something , boss .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/8/2008 @ 9:29 pm PT ...
Reply to Linda , # 36 " The court actually admitted that voter impersonation is mostly nonexistent , and that when it has actually taken place , those instances have been rare , isolated , and of no consequence . "
Linda , I want to thank you for challenging my arguments .
Over the years , I have read case over case over case involving elections .
You claimed that this was rare ect .
That made m reread the both the Indiana and the USSC decisions .
It has been repeated in Brad Blog that Indiana had never experienced " in-person " vote fraud .
But when I re-read the USSC , I found where it has happened in Indiana .
" While the record contains no evidence that the fraud SEA 483 addresses — in - person voter impersonation at polling places — has actually occurred in Indiana , such fraud has occurred in other parts of the country , and Indiana ’s own experience with voter fraud in a 2003 mayoral primary demonstrates a real risk that voter fraud could affect a close election ’s out - come . "
http://www.supremecourtu...opinions/07pdf/07-21.pdf
I believe the court in referring to Lake County in 2003 .
You and Brad can claim this is an " unnecessary law " , but is n't it the state 's obligation to keep this from happening again ??
After all the UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION PROTECTS Indiana citizens from having their ballots diluted by voter fraud .
The question here is who to balance to Constitutional right .
The right to vote , and the right of the voter not to have is ballot diluted .
Just because I understand the argument , does n't mean that I hate the Constitution .
Name calling such as this just shows that people like you and Brad can't hand real fact based debate .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/8/2008 @ 9:44 pm PT ...
Reply to Brad , # 41 Brad , maybe you should take up your childish word games with Judge Baker .
Maybe she will get a kick out you whining about the difference between the words " illegal " and " fraudulent " .
Border v. King County " .... deceased voters totaling 19 , double voters totaling 6 , provisional ballots in King County totaling 96 , provisional ballots in Pierce County totaling 79 and additional votes in Pierce County for which there could not be found a registered voter through crediting , at least , totaling 77 ... "
http://moritzlaw.osu.edu...cuments/oraldecision.pdf
Indiana Democratic Party v. Rokita " State ’s Ex. 3 , pp. 4 - 5 , 19 ( court findings that in the State of Washington ’s 2004 gubernatorial elections more than 1,600 fraudulently cast ballots , including 19 ballots cast by dead voters , six double votes , and 77 votes unaccounted for on the registration rolls ) " http://www.insd.uscourts...ov/opinions/ao6340o1.pdf
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Cook said on 5/8/2008 @ 9:58 pm PT ...
Brad , # 42 " On the other hand , without having to show that ID you 're in favor of , you could enjoy much easier voter fraud , and hey , you could even sell your vote and make a few dollars ! "
Odd that you'd be in favor of Photo ID 's for everyone but yourself ( and others ) when voting absentee , eh ? "
Thus , Brad is now making the argument that Indiana 's voting laws are NOT strict enough .
What should Indiana do to stop the kind of vote fraud that you have described ?
An ID for those who vote absentee ?
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/8/2008 @ 10:09 pm PT ...
Mark Cook # 44 persists in his nonsense : Brad , maybe you should take up your childish word games with Judge Baker .
Maybe she will get a kick out you whining about the difference between the words " illegal " and " fraudulent " .
Did you not read what the actual judge in the Washington State case said when he decided it ?
Given Cook 's bad decision in the Rokita case , I 'm hardly suprised she does n't know the difference between " illegal " and " fraudulent " .
But clearly , the actual Washington State judge ( whose decision she was inaccurately paraphrasing ) does know the difference .
Further , he knows that the Republicans who challenged the election never charged fraud , nor gave any evidence for it .
If I 'm a former felon who is allowed to vote in my state , then I move to Washington State where felons are not allowed to vote , and I vote anyway , not knowing that I 've been disenfranchised by Washington State , is that a " fraudulent " vote ?
Ask a lawyer , if you do n't know the answer .
But the answer is no , it 's not fraudulent .
As to your silly reply to Linda , yes , voter fraud occurs .
Rarely , according to the Bush DoJ and the Bush EAC 's own numbers .
And hardly ever in - person , in the way Indiana 's law was meant to describe .
No , you should not have your vote diluted by anybody voting fraudulently .
Though with your love of absentee balloting , where most voter fraud occurs --- and where the fraud mentioned in the link you cited happened , as I recall --- it seems you do n't actually care whether your vote is diluted or not .
In the meantime , since I do n't like to have my vote diluted , by those voting for someone I oppose getting to vote easier than those who may agree with me ( but who become disenfranchised , because , say , they 're 98 - year old nuns who do n't have drivers license ) , and since the Constitution is on my side , you can huff and puff , but you will not win .
Do n't disenfranchise my side , as has now happened in spades in Indiana , because you 're afraid a bad person somewhere might cast a fraudulent vote ( even though it 's never happened that way in the entire history of Indiana ) .
Since you do n't seem to do well with words , perhaps pictures and a chart may be more helpful ?
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/8/2008 @ 10:18 pm PT ...
BTW , Mark .
Be sure to go read about some of those pathetic convictions for voter fraud , as mentioned above , that the DoJ was able to get into that column .
You 'll be mighty impressed .
And remember , the Bush DoJ has spared no expense ( no politicization ) in trying to bring such " voter fraud " cases .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 5/9/2008 @ 8:26 am PT ...
Scott Ritter recently wrote a very good piece on how our military has moved away from being a protector of the citizenry , with mutual respect existing between citizens / miltary , to one that is out to protect the executive branch from the citizenry not supporting its policies , with a breakdown in that relationship of mutual respect , with the enabling of this process by an unresponsive legislative branch .
I would say that this same phenomenon is now occurring between citizens and the elections process , also being enabled by the legislative branch .
I would also say that Mark Cook is just as confused about this relationship between citizens and our elections , as some other citizens are about the relationship between our military and us .
Just like some citizens falsely believe that citizens who do n't support the policies of the executive branch are enemies of the military ie .
they do n't " support the troops , " MC falsely believes that citizens who do n't support elections regulations that create roadblocks between citizens and the voting booth are somehow enemies of honest elections and by extension democracy .
The Kool - Ade is working .
There is no point , from an activist 's POV , in dialoging with someone who's had the Kool - Ade slipped into their food .
BTW , the " spare no expense " approach to " voter fraud " is very similar to the " spare no expense " approach to domestic surveillance , or any of the other myriad policies that fall under the GWOT umbrella .
How is it that we have plenty of money for fascist policies like spying on Americans and requiring them to carry around " voter IDs , " while there 's no money whatsoever for universal health care ( Oh , that would be waaayyy too expensive , ca n't do THAT ! ) or a world - class public education system ( Naaahhh !
I do n't want " my money " to go toward educating kids who do n't attend my children 's private school ! )
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/9/2008 @ 11:50 am PT ...
Mark Cook # 45 , having backed himself into corner , begins to eat self alive :
Thus , Brad is now making the argument that Indiana 's voting laws are NOT strict enough .
Nice try .
But an honest response would have been more impressive .
You also could have read the graphic above to have educated yourself a bit along the way , which you 're obviously disinterested in doing .
Better to keep catapulting the propaganda for ya apparently .
What should Indiana do to stop the kind of vote fraud that you have described ?
An ID for those who vote absentee ?
Actually , it seems , according to your own argument , that they are doing just fine in stopping such fraud .
You said the bad guys got caught .
Sounds good to me .
Encouraging more absentee balloting is certainly not the way to combat absentee ballot fraud ( as mentioned , where the few instances of voter fraud are actually much more frequent . )
First order of Election Reform :
Do not do more harm than good .
If you stop 2 instances of fraud , but disenfranchise thousands , there may be something wrong with your " Reform " plans .
Worse , if you know the above , as Rokita , Hearne , DoJ and all the other scammers who helped pull off this unConstitutional coup , then it's not just bad Election Reform , it 's anti-American , and its evil .
If you wish to buy into evil , and support it , that 's up to you .
I 'll stand against the democracy terrorists , instead of with them .
Proudly .
Hope you 'll eventually see the error of your ways and join me .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Wingarten said on 6/24/2008 @ 6:08 am PT ...
Iraq Boy 's Family Describes Fatal Blast Iraqi parents tell ABC News about the U.S. bombing that killed their child .
May 2 , 2008  --
Just like any other day , the Hussein family was getting ready for lunch at their home in Baghdad , Iraq , when the house suddenly shook and the brick walls came down around them .
That was the dramatic account told to ABC News by the parents of 2 - year - old Ali Hussein , the Iraqi boy killed during a fierce battle in Sadr City Tuesday .
Dramatic photographs of Hussein 's dust - covered body being pulled out of the rubble of his home appeared on front pages and TV news reports around the world .
When a U.S. patrol in the Shiite militia stronghold was fired on by a dozen fighters , American forces fired 200 - pound guided rockets that devastated at least three buildings in the district .
The U.S. military said 28 militiamen were killed .
Local hospital officials said dozens of civilians were killed or wounded .
Hussein's mother recounted being buried in rubble and crawling around the home , looking for her children .
" I was crying , ' My children , my children . '
I saw the house destroyed .
I did not know if they are alive or not . "
When Hussein 's father could not locate Ali , he said he began frantically digging .
" Everyone felt desperate and the police have left the scene , but I kept on digging .
I told them I will not leave my son .
I will take him out .
I felt fainted after two hours of digging . "
The fire brigade arrived to help him find Ali and remove him from the house , according to Hussein 's father .
" They gave him to me , run to the ambulance , I hold his hand in the ambulance and it was cold .
They made the first aid thing to the kid , open his eye , the rescuer looked at me , I told him you 're a believer , and accepts the results . "
Hussein's father recalled how over the last month and a half the boy used to come to the main door of the house , wanting to go out and play .
" Ali was pushing against my legs and tell me , ' Baba , Baba . '
He wanted to go out , and I did not let him out due to the military actions ongoing . "
" Ali was 2 years old , still future was in front of him .
Ali , if he has an opinion , he would have said , ' I do not want to interfere in the struggle . , "
The parents called on both Shiite militias and the U.S. military to stop operations in the violence - torn district .
And they criticized American military efforts that resulted in the deaths of civilians .
" You attacked civilians ' houses crowded with people for the sake of a few militants , " said Hussein 's father , his face in tears .
" A considerable number of people were killed for the sake of killing four . "
Although the parents did not mention it , they may qualify for condolence payments , which are made for death , injury or battle damage resulting from U.S. military operations .
Such payments can range from $ 2,500 per incident to $ 10,000 per incident in extraordinary cases .
As of Thursday , the Multi-National Division in Baghdad has not decided whether to open an investigation into the " alleged noncombatant deaths , " which could result in condolence payments to Hussein 's family , according to an e-mail to ABC News ' Ryan Owens from LTC Steve Stover , spokesman with the 4th Infantry Division .
Who is Bruno Torf ?
He ’s an artist , born in South America and moved to Australia after traveling Europe up and down , wanting to bring his dream to life .
The Victorian village of Marysville ( 95 km from Melbourne ) was the perfect place to develop Bruno ’s wish to create a sculpture garden .
He bought a property ( including a generous piece of sub- alpine forest ) and after five months of hard work , he opened to the public Bruno ’s Art & Sculpture Garden .
Besides having a gallery with 200 artworks ( paintings , sketches and small sculptures ) from allover Europe , the garden had fifteen life sizes sculptures .
That was then , this is now – over 115 pieces and constantly adding .
It seems that fantasy meet real life is becoming a serious trend in artistic circles .
I would n’t mind having an over night metamorphosis and waking up to a dream world where people stop throwing things everywhere , where for every cut tree , five more would be planted instead , where instead of paying $ 100 000 for a handbag , donating the same amount for research purposes so maybe , one day , a less environment damaging fuel gets worldwide usage for our vehicles and so on and so on .
But until that day , I ’ll just dream about a better future and do my part of environment - consciousness ( plus take some time to admire these fantastic artistic creations ) …
( brunosart via hemmy )
You need to upgrade your Flash Player
You need to upgrade your Flash Player
By DAVID DERBYSHIRE
Last updated at 00:08 21 March 2008
They are a sign of maturity , impress the ladies and come in handy for giving rivals a nasty poke in the ribs .
But moose antlers have another crucial function - as giant amplifiers .
The bony projections enable a male animal to pick up vibrations and boost incoming sounds , giving it a hearing range of up to two miles , scientists have discovered .
Scroll down for more ...
Big antlers are not only a sign of attractiveness to the opposite sex , but they also enable male moose to hear for miles
Moose , native to North America and Scandinavia ( where they are known as elk ) , are the largest member of the deer family .
Only the males have antlers , which they shed and regrow each year .
It has long been known that moose have exceptional hearing , thanks largely to their huge ears which can rotate independently in almost every direction .
However , studies have shown that large males , which have the biggest antlers , have better hearing than females , or males which have lost theirs .
George and Peter Bubenik , a father - and - son team of researchers , decided to investigate .
Together , they followed up on an original idea put forward by George 's late father Tony , who was a world authority on moose and first suggested that antlers might aid hearing in a film 25 years ago .
However , the experiment was not scientifically validated , and so the idea was not widely accepted .
To prove the idea once and for all , George , from the University of Guelph in Ontario , Canada , took an artificial moose ear created by a TV special effects team and mounted it on set of trophy antlers , the BBC website www.loveearth.com reports .
He inserted a microphone and sound meter into the ear canal and then put a speaker 30ft from the artificial ear .
He then played a noise through a loudspeaker in the room .
When the moose ear faced the source of the sound , the meter recorded 59.5 decibels .
When the ear faced backwards , it registered 57.5 decibels .
But when the ear was moved into a sideways position , where it could capture sound amplified by the antler , it recorded 61 decibels .
After repeating the experiment , the father and son team concluded that antlers improved hearing by 19 per cent .
Peter , a mathematician at Cleveland State University in Ohio , said : " So far there is no evidence any other deer species has this capacity .
" As far as I know , the only other mammals having the capacity to amplify incoming sounds are certain species of whale and dolphin which have a skull structure that may serve the same purpose . "
YANGON ( Reuters ) - The United Nations appealed for $ 187 million in aid on Friday to help 1.5 million victims in cyclone - ravaged Myanmar and said it would resume relief flights despite the military government ’s seizure of food supplies .
U.N. humanitarian affairs chief John Holmes said initial pledges totaled about $ 77 million to provide water , food , medicine , shelter and other supplies to survivors of Cyclone Nargis , which killed tens of thousands of people .
“ I think more pledges will follow , ” Holmes told reporters after he addressed representatives of the 192 member states , saying he was confident the appeal for $ 187 million would be met .
“ The important thing is that the response is there . ”
While Myanmar ’s reclusive junta has had little direct contact with the outside world , it stated its preference through state - run media to accept “ relief in cash and kind ” -- but not foreign aid workers , many of whom are waiting for visas in the Thai capital , Bangkok .
The generals approved one U.S. aid flight , due to arrive as soon as Monday , nine days after driving winds and a wall of water swept across the low - lying Irrawaddy Delta .
The U.N. World Food Programme initially said it was suspending aid flights after the military rulers of the former Burma impounded food shipments on Friday .
During an emergency meeting of member states about the U.N. appeal , dozens of envoys voiced concern at the difficulties aid workers were having getting in .
But Myanmar ’s envoy insisted food and other aid were being sent where needed upon arrival .
“ We are ready to cooperate fully , ” Ambassador Kyaw Tint Swe told the meeting .
“ Regarding access , we hear you and I will certainly report back to the authorities . ”
‘ FROM ANY QUARTER ’
Earlier , Myanmar ’s envoy said the country would accept aid “ from any quarter ” and confirmed it approved the U.S. flight .
“ We ’re going to make as effective use of that flight as we possibly can , ” U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said .
While the permission was “ positive , ” he said , many more relief runs would be needed to cope with the disaster .
U.S. officials did not know who would distribute the aid from that plane once it lands , McCormack said .
They were still trying to get visas for the U.S. team waiting in Bangkok .
Myanmar has not updated the official toll since Tuesday , when it said nearly 23,000 were dead and 42,000 missing .
Even those numbers , predicted by Western aid workers to rise sharply , make Nargis the worst cyclone to hit Asia since 1991 .
U.S. charge d’affaires Shari Villarosa has said the death toll could reach 100,000 .
The United States , long strongly critical of Myanmar ’s junta and the delays allowing in relief , was urging other countries to use what leverage they had with the generals .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice spoke by telephone on Friday with Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee and U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-Moon .
A day earlier she spoke with China ’s foreign minister , Yang Jiechi , McCormack said .
Ban urged the junta to accept aid and humanitarian workers “ without hindrance , ” saying the survival of Myanmar ’s people was at stake .
He said he had so far not been able to contact Myanmar ’s senior general , Than Shwe , to ask him in person .
Slideshow ( 40 images )
The prime minister of neighboring Thailand , asked by Britain and the United States to try to persuade the junta to admit foreign aid workers , canceled a visit planned for this weekend after Myanmar made its opposition clear .
The World Food Programme said it had decided to send in two relief flights as planned on Saturday , “ while discussions continue with the government of Myanmar on the distribution of the food that was flown in today , and not released to WFP . ”
The impounded WFP shipments contained 38 metric tons of high - energy biscuits , enough to feed 95,000 people .
Planes loaded with food and equipment from several Asian countries have also landed in Yangon in the past few days .
Slideshow ( 40 images )
FENDING FOR THEMSELVES
Survivors have been mostly fending for themselves after winds of up to 190 kph ( 120 mph ) whipped up a massive wall of seawater , inundating the delta .
The saltwater has not only destroyed homes but ruined freshwater wells , grain stores and rice fields .
The survivors are desperate .
“ There are no NGOs here .
No U.N. Only me , ” farmer Tei Lin told Reuters near the town of Labutta .
The junta broadcast a message on Friday , urging citizens to do their patriotic duty and vote on Saturday for a constitution drafted by the junta .
It made no mention of the cyclone or even that voting in the affected areas has been postponed .
The junta ’s opponents have suggested the reason for the delays in allowing in aid workers could be that the generals do not want an influx of foreigners before the referendum .
Chris Beyrer , a medical doctor at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Health in Baltimore and an expert on health care and human rights in Myanmar , said some local aid workers managed to reach the disaster site and were reporting they most needed cash to help victims buy supplies from military commanders .
“ The issue is that there are food and relief supplies and medicines to some degree available and people are being charged for them , ” Beyrer told a think - tank panel in Washington .
“ The regime does not fundamentally have the interests of its people as its primary concern . ”
The U.N. weather agency forecast more strong winds and rain for the coming week , adding more urgency to the international drive to start a full - blown disaster relief effort of the kind that was seen after the Asian tsunami in 2004 .
French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said France was sending a naval ship with 1,500 metric tons of aid and capable of carrying heavy - lift helicopters , even as it waited for visas and authorization .
The navies of France , India and Britain are conducting exercises off the east coast of India and the U.S. Navy is taking part in joint exercises in Thailand .
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Zalmay Khalilzad , welcomed approval of the U.S. flight -- a day after saying he was “ outraged ” by the junta ’s lack of cooperation .
“ We hope this is the beginning of a broader effort between our governments , ” he said , adding the U.S. Navy had several ships in the Gulf of Thailand , including one with 23 helicopters that could be used to fly aid to remote areas .
U.S. officials said the junta seemed to be taking a pragmatic approach to the crisis but did not appear to have the infrastructure to distribute aid , raising the risk that supplies could remain on the airport tarmac .
But I also knew , and forgot , Hoare ’s dictum that premature optimization is the root of all evil in programming .
— Donald Knuth
Something bizarre happened on the Groovy - dev mailing list the other day .
Alex Tkachman made what I thought was a simple suggestion : since some rarely used features of the language make it slow , we should have a keyword or annotation which says to the compiler , “ Hey there , compiler , I ’m not using those features in this code , so please give me the faster code . ”
I had expected the others to debate the pros and cons of the idea , but instead , they could n’t quite understand it .
They kept saying you ’d need to check that the features were n’t actually used at runtime .
I suggested the checks could work like assertions : have them on while testing , but off when performance mattered .
But that did n’t seem to sink in .
At one point , they even said that turning off these features would “ betray ” the core values of the language .
For most proposals they ask for or provide use cases and debate the pros and cons .
But not this time .
They seemed to think that any concession to performance is an ugly hack , that a sufficiently smart compiler or runtime system could get code just as fast .
Even though it would n’t have nearly enough information .
They even said that providing a way to turn off unused features would reduce their incentives to make Groovy faster .
Much the way driving a car means kids these days never learn how to ride a horse .
Or something .
These are very smart , very reasonable people .
They ’re very good finding the pros and cons of any proposal , and have wisely rejected some knucklehead suggestions of mine .
And it ’s worked spectacularly well , Groovy ’s syntax and semantics are very close to my ideal language .
So why do n’t they want to make even the smallest , simplest concessions to performance ?
Bjarne Stroustrup , inventor of C++ , recently talked about OOP ( Object Oriented Programming ) before C++:
My firm impression ( at the time ) was that all sensible people “ knew ” that OOP did n’t work in the real world :
It was too slow ( by more than an order of magnitude ) , far too difficult for programmers to use , did n’t apply to real - world problems , and could n’t interact with all the rest of the code needed in a system .
Twenty five years later , I think we ’re in the same situation with dynamic languages .
At the moment , languages are divided into two very different camps .
In one corner , there are those that emphasize performance .
They ’re statically typed .
They ’re compiled , and you have to call the compiler explicitly .
They try to make the efficient thing easy and the inefficient thing hard .
And the language designers think very hard about the performance implications of every feature they add .
C/C++ , Java , C# and Ocaml are all in this group .
Then there are the dynamic languages , like perl , Python , Groovy and Ruby .
They try to provide the maximum flexibility , because hey , they ’re only for something quick and dirty , or something that will spawn other processes , right ?
Ok , ok , you might want to do some real work with them , but the libraries that do serious computation are all written in efficient language , so you ’ll spend all your time in compiled code , right ?
Well , it does n’t always work like that .
Matlab started as a wrapper for LINPACK , but now compiles to byte code on a virtual machine .
And if you ’ve ever tried to take a bunch of XML and turn it into SQL , you know Python can be slow , even with lxml to do the parsing .
Each tag is a small amount of text , so the inherent amount of work per tag is very small .
If you handle each tag explicitly , they Python overhead will dominate .
Which is a shame , because with a little thought , you can get all the functionality you want , and only pay the runtime cost when you ’re actually using the feature .
Why can’t I use the slow features outside my inner loop , but turn them off inside for a speedup ?
In other words , why can’t I take my dynamically typed program , profile it to find the bottlenecks , then sprinkle around some type declarations to get a speed up ?
Why ca n’t these passages be as fast as the statically typed languages ?
There are a couple languages that do this .
Common Lisp is one , the only one that approaches the speed of C .
The company I work for uses it for a search engine for air fares , and its mighty fast , while also being a lot more productive than , say , C ++. ActionScript , the language of Adobe Flash , does it , as do Visual Basic , VBA , and VB .
NET .
( Thanks to Alex Staubo and Steve Cooper for pointing those out . )
Failing that , how about a fast dynamic language ?
Features are often developed in slow languages first , then moved to fast ones , as the C++ example shows .
And there are three projects I ’ve found that could be the fast successors to today ’s slow languages :
Ng ( source repository ) is a dynamic language for the Java Virtual Machine by John Wilson .
As he has said :
I ’m implementing this thing back to front .
Firstly I ’m building a high performance runtime system for a fully dynamic language on the JVM .
I ’m then building an AST implementation which can be directly executed ( like JRuby ) or serialised to XML or to bytecodes .
Finally I intend to design the language and compile it to my AST .
The goal is to generally be no more than half the speed of Java , but with full dynamic behaviour .
Ng has some impressive benchmarks , but its in its very early stages .
John Wilson helped create Groovy , so he has a track record of his ideas coming to fruition , but that ’s no guarantee .
Cython source files have Python syntax & semantics , but compile to C/ C++ rather than Python byte code .
Python can call them and vice versa , so you can use all your favourite Python libraries and other Python code .
They ’ve also extended Python syntax with static typing , and the ability to create pure C/C++ functions ( which ca n’t be called from Python byte code ) .
It ’s designed to more or less reach the efficiency of C when things are typed .
And it seems to be getting a lot of interest .
PyPy plans to eventually incorporate a Just In Time compiler for Python , they way psycho did .
But the project is very ambitious and moving very slowly .
We ’ll see what comes of it and when .
Premature optimization is the root of all evil .
Why am I forced to optimize when I ’m choosing my language , before writing a single line of code ?
I wonder whose going to be the next Bjarne Stroustrup , to become famous for inventing the first widely used fast dynamic language ?
In the mean time , its a shame Groovy wo n’t let programmers specify what parts of their program are n’t using advanced features .
Groovy is so close …
UPDATE : Mike Pall , the developer of the LuaJIT ( among other things ) , had a great comment on the reddit page .
Four Daphne Middle School students -- two boys and two girls -- have been accused of taking nude photos of themselves with cell phone cameras and exchanging them , Daphne Police said today .
Daphne Police Lt. Jud Beedy said the investigation has uncovered two separate incidents :
-- In one incident , a girl and a boy took nude photographs of themselves and sent the photographs to each other .
This happened off campus , he said .
-- In the other , a girl was given a cell phone by a boy .
She took the cell phone into the girls bathroom at school , took nude photographs of herself and gave the cell phone back to the boy , he said .
Three students involved have been suspended by Daphne Middle School administrators , Baldwin County Public Schools spokesman Terry Wilhite said today .
No arrests have been made , Beedy said , but the investigation continues .
ATLANTA ( Reuters ) -
The parole board in the U.S. state of Georgia spared a convicted killer from execution hours before he was due to die by lethal injection on Thursday and commuted his sentence to life in prison .
Samuel David Crowe in an undated photo .
The parole board in the state of Georgia spared a convicted killer from execution hours before he was due to die by lethal injection on Thursday and commuted his sentence to life in prison .
REUTERS / Georgia Department of Corrections / Handout
The Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles made its decision less than three hours before Samuel David Crowe , 47 , was to be executed , according to a spokeswoman for the state ’s prisons .
“ After careful and exhaustive consideration of the requests , the board voted to grant clemency .
The board voted to commute the sentence to life without parole , ” the parole board said .
Crowe ’s death would have marked the third execution since the U.S. Supreme Court lifted an unofficial moratorium on the death penalty last month .
Crowe was not present at the parole board hearing in Atlanta .
He had already eaten his last meal and was preparing to enter the execution chamber at the prison in Jackson , Georgia , Mallie McCord of the Georgia Department of Corrections said .
In March 1988 , Crowe killed store manager Joseph Pala during a robbery at the lumber company in Douglas County , west of Atlanta .
Crowe , who had previously worked at the store , shot Pala three times with a pistol , beat him with a crowbar and a pot of paint .
Crowe pleaded guilty to armed robbery and murder and was sentenced to death the following year .
“ David ( Crowe ) takes full responsibility for his crime and experiences profound remorse , ” according to Georgians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty , an advocacy group , who welcomed the board ’s decision .
The decision to grant clemency on the day of an execution was “ extraordinarily rare , ” said Stephen Bright , president of the Southern Center for Human Rights .
In most cases , clemency decisions rested with a state governor frequently under political pressure to show firmness with death row inmates rather than with a clemency board independent of the state political process , he said .
At Thursday ’s hearing , his lawyers presented a dossier of evidence attesting to his remorse and good behavior in jail , according to local media reports .
The lawyers also said he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms from a cocaine addiction at the time of the crime .
The U.S. Supreme Court on April 16 rejected a challenge to the three - drug cocktail used in most U.S. executions , which opponents claimed inflicted unnecessary pain .
Georgia then conducted an execution on May 5 .
Georgia has executed 41 men since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1973 and this week it had 109 prisoners on death row .
Watching TV on a mobile can be a frustrating experience Adobe has announced a plan to try to get its
Flash player installed on more mobile devices and set - top boxes .
Dubbed Open Screen the initiative lifts restrictions on how its multimedia handling software can be used .
Adobe will stop charging licencing fees for mobile versions of Flash and plans to publish information about the inner workings of the code .
In taking this step Adobe hopes to repeat on mobiles the success its Flash technology has enjoyed on the web .
Video deal Adobe estimates that its Flash player is installed on more than 98 % of net - connected desktop computers .
The Open Screen plan will build on Flash Lite - Adobe 's version of its multimedia player designed for mobile gadgets - that is already on millions of handhelds .
The ultimate aim of Open Screen is to make it much easier for TV and film makers to send their content to mobiles and on other devices such as set - top boxes .
It aims to do this by creating one flexible player technology that can run on any small - form device but only demands that developers write code once for it .
At the moment trying to get games or video on to different devices can be frustrating because of the plethora of hardware and software quirks on each gadget .
Adobe 's four - step plan involves ending license fees ; removing restrictions on the use of files in SWF and FLV format ; publishing detailed information about the program interfaces for its Flash player and opening up information about its Flash streaming technology .
The move is the latest in a series that are aiming to open up Flash and get more developers working with it .
It is also part of the larger plan for Adobe Air - an overarching code development system that aims to bridge the gap between web and desktop applications .
Adobe said it was working with Arm , SonyEricsson , Nokia , LG and other gadget makers on the Open Screen initiative as well as content partners such as the BBC , MTV and NBC .
Adobe faces competition from Microsoft which is trying to get Silverlight - its answer to Air - on to mobiles too .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is too funny .
Sean Clarke of the Spiritual Science Research Foundation ( whatever “ Spiritual Science ” means ) has written a letter of protest again the new Mike Myers movie “ The Love Guru . ”
Clarke is n’t the only person upset with the movie ( many Hindus are calling for protests ) , but he is quite possibly the craziest .
He says the movie denigrates gurus — we are supposed to laugh at them !
Blasphemy , he says .
Try reading this with a straight face :
The trailer released by Paramount pictures shows utter disrespect for the deep spiritual significance of the Guru .
It shows the Guru in a very poor light and encourages the audience to laugh at the Guru .
I could not believe my eyes when the trailer revealed Mike Myers playing a Guru through a whole range of denigrating scenes , some of which are quite lurid , such as the Guru wearing a chastity belt , having an erection , involved in bar brawls , accepting money to playing cupid , etc .
In the trailer the character Pitka is proclaimed as the second best Guru in India .
Was this a calculated statement or was this pulled out of some juvenile script writer ’s repertoire ?
For a country that has produced revered Gurus and Saints such as Swami Vivekanand , Ramkrushna Paramhansa and Yogi Arvind , does Paramount Pictures actually believe that Mike Meyer ’s portrayal of a Guru will join the ranks of the most illustrious Saints / Guru ’s of India ?
Was your research team / script writer not aware of the sanctity of the Guru prior to making the movie ?
Did they even consult leaders in Spirituality ( apart from Mr. Deepak Chopra of course ) if the script was potentially hurting ?
I ca n’t tell if that last line is a knock on Chopra …
Of course Myers wo n’t achieve the ranks of the revered Gurus .
He would never claim to have psychic powers .
That ’s when Clarke shows us he ’s off the deep end .
SSRF is an organisation dedicated to spiritual research .
Through knowledge that we accessed from the Universal Mind and Intellect , we have published the spiritual repercussions about making a movie such as ‘ The Love Guru ’ and also watching it .
At a spiritual level , as per the science of Spirituality when we do good deeds , we earn merits and when we do bad deeds we incur demerits .
That is , how we live our lives has consequences that we have to face in this life or the afterlife .
To understand the results of this spiritual research better , let ’s take an example of the possible demerits on a scale from 1 to 100 that a person would accrue if he were to murder an average person , a seeker and a Saint .
The demerits accrued if an average person is murdered is equal to 30 units , if a seeker is murdered equal to 60 units , and if a Saint is murdered is equal to 100 units .
The demerit earned when a person murders a Saint is the maximum possible .
This is because a Saint affects society at large positively , at a spiritual level .
Who calculated these things , I wonder …
Clarke even presents a chart so you can understand “ the sheer gravity of the spiritual consequences for people associated with a movie such as ‘ The Love Guru ’ .
The table shows what it would mean to them in context of these acts alone . ”
You may want to hang it on your fridge .
Act Demerit Means
Making the movie , ‘ The Love Guru ’ 30 units 2ndregion of Hell for 1000 years Watching it for entertainment without knowing the spiritual science / significance 2 units Nether region ( Bhuvaloka ) for 100 yrs Watching it for entertainment even after knowing the spiritual science / significance 5 units 1st region of Hell for 100 yrs Being a seeker of God / on the spiritual path , knowing about the Movie , but doing nothing to stop it 5 units 1st region of Hell for 100 yrs
Would anyone like to point out where the “ nether region ” is …?
By the way , do n’t even * think * about questioning this notion of Hell .
It ’s spiritual science .
Clarke says the producers should do the following :
Change the name of the movie Remove any form of denigration towards the Guru Apologise to the international spiritual community
In other words , do n’t release the film .
Right …
And apologize ?
Even without this movie , the concepts of reincarnation , spiritual regions of Hell , and “ demerits ” are laughable .
The movie is n’t making me take those beliefs any less seriously .
I just got 12 demerits for writing that .
( via Sepia Mutiny )
[ tags ] atheist , atheism [ / tags ]
The other day , reading the New York Post 's popular Page Six gossip page , I was surprised to find a picture of me , followed by the lines : " ABC'S John Stossel wants the government to stop interfering with your right to get high .
The crowd went silent at his call to legalize hard drugs " .
I had attended a Marijuana Policy Project event celebrating the New York State Assembly 's passage of a medical - marijuana bill .
( The bill has n't passed the Senate . )
I told the audience I thought it pathetic that the mere half passage of a bill to allow sick people to try a possible remedy would merit such a celebration .
Of course medical marijuana should be legal .
For adults , everything should be legal .
I 'm amazed that the health police are so smug in their opposition .
After years of reporting on the drug war , I 'm convinced that this " war " does more harm than any drug .
Independent of that harm , adults ought to own our own bodies , so it 's not intellectually honest to argue that " only marijuana " should be legal -- and only for certain sick people approved by the state .
Every drug should be legal .
" How could you say such a ridiculous thing ? " asked my assistant .
" Heroin and cocaine have a permanent effect .
If you do crack just once , you are automatically hooked .
Legal hard drugs would create many more addicts .
And that leads to more violence , homelessness , out - of - wedlock births , etc ! "
Her diatribe is a good summary of the drug warriors ' arguments .
Most Americans probably agree with what she said .
But what most Americans believe is wrong .
Myth No. 1 : Heroin and cocaine have a permanent effect .
Truth :
There is no evidence of that .
In the 1980s , the press reported that " crack babies " were " permanently damaged . "
Rolling Stone , citing one study of just 23 babies , claimed that crack babies " were oblivious to affection , automatons . "
It simply was n't true .
There is no proof that crack babies do worse than anyone else in later life .
Myth No. 2 : If you do crack once , you are hooked .
Truth : Look at the numbers -- 15 percent of young adults have tried crack , but only 2 percent used it in the last month .
If crack is so addictive , why do most people who 've tried it no longer use it ?
People once said heroin was nearly impossible to quit , but during the Vietnam War , thousands of soldiers became addicted , and when they returned home , 85 percent quit within one year .
People have free will .
Most who use drugs eventually wise up and stop .
And most people who use drugs habitually live perfectly responsible lives , as Jacob Sullum pointed out in " Saying Yes " .
Myth No. 3 : Drugs cause crime .
Truth :
The drug war causes the crime .
Few drug users hurt or rob people because they are high .
Most of the crime occurs because the drugs are illegal and available only through a black market .
Drug sellers arm themselves and form gangs because they cannot ask the police to protect their persons and property .
In turn , some buyers steal to pay the high black - market prices .
The government says heroin , cocaine and nicotine are similarly addictive , and about half the people who both smoke cigarettes and use cocaine say smoking is at least as strong an urge .
But no one robs convenience stores for Marlboros .
Alcohol prohibition created Al Capone and the Mafia .
Drug prohibition is worse .
It 's corrupting whole countries and financing terrorism .
The Post wrote , " Stossel admitted his own 22 - year - old daughter does n't think [ legalization ] is a good idea . "
But that 's not what she said .
My daughter argued that legal cocaine would probably lead to more cocaine use .
And therefore probably abuse .
I 'm not so sure .
Banning drugs certainly has n't kept young people from getting them .
We can't even keep these drugs out of prisons .
How do we expect to keep them out of America ?
But let 's assume my daughter is right , that legalization would lead to more experimentation and more addiction .
I still say : Legal is better .
While drugs harm many , the drug war 's black market harms more .
And most importantly , in a free country , adults should have the right to harm themselves .
Who Owns The Fish ?
There are five houses in a row and in five different colors .
In each house lives a person from a different country .
Each person drinks a certain drink , plays a certain sport , and keeps a certain pet .
No two people drink the same drink , play the same sport , or keep the same pet .
The Brit lives in a red house
The Swede keeps dogs
The Dane drinks tea
The green house is on the left of the white house
The green house owner drinks coffee
The person who plays polo rears birds
The owner of the yellow house plays hockey
The man living in the house right in the center drinks milk
The Norwegian lives in the first house
The man who plays baseball lives next to the man who keeps cats
The man who keeps horses lives next to the one who plays hockey
The man who plays billiards drinks beer
The German plays soccer
The Norwegian lives next to the blue house
The man who plays baseball has a neighbor who drinks water .
Who Owns The Fish ?
This was given to me as an exercise in logic puzzles .
I think it is a great puzzle .
According to the worksheet I was given this puzzle is attributed to Albert Einstein .
He claimed that 98 % of the world could not work it out .
Can you ?
This puzzle has been discussed on the Forum
Had this been a television program , a film , an album , a radio show or virtually any other sort of traditional recorded performance , Mr. Hollick and the other actors in the game would have made millions by now .
As it stands , they get nothing beyond the standard Screen Actors Guild day rate they were originally paid .
That is because the contracts between the actors ’ union and the entertainment industry make little or no provision for electronic media like video games and the Internet .
It is a discrepancy that is expected to dominate negotiations between Hollywood and the guild this summer , with many predicting an actors ’ strike to parallel the writers ’ strike last year , which revolved around similar issues .
“ Obviously I ’m incredibly thankful to Rockstar for the opportunity to be in this game when I was just a nobody , an unknown quantity , ” Mr. Hollick , 35 , said last week over dinner in Willamsburg , Brooklyn , shortly after performing in the aerial theater show “ Fuerzabruta ” in Union Square .
“ But it ’s tough , when you see Grand Theft Auto IV out there as the biggest thing going right now , when they ’re making hundreds of millions of dollars , and we do n’t see any of it .
I do n’t blame Rockstar .
I blame our union for not having the agreements in place to protect the creative people who drive the sales of these games .
Yes , the technology is important , but it ’s the human performances within them that people really connect to , and I hope actors will get more respect for the work they do within those technologies . ”
Rockstar declined to comment for this article , but it is an issue that has been hanging over the video game industry for years .
On the one hand , through both creative and technical ambition , game makers are infusing their wares with more realistic characters and stories than ever .
On the other hand , the $ 18 billion United States game industry has steadfastly refused to pay royalties to voice and motion - capture body actors along the lines of other entertainment media .
To the actors it is a simple issue of equity : equal pay for equal work , regardless of the medium .
“ For instance , our contracts say nothing about the use of voices for promotional purposes over the Internet , ” Mr. Hollick said .
“ The first G.T.A. IV trailer generated something like 40 million hits online , and that ’s my voice all over it , and I get nothing .
If that were a radio spot , I would have .
Same thing for the TV ads .
I recorded those lines for the game , but now they ’re all over television .
It ’s another gray area . ”
1 ) be female 2 ) will possess ears and sometimes a tail as a genetic mutation 3 ) wear as little clothing as possible , if any
Female characters wear as little clothing as possible , regardless of whether it is socially or meteorologically appropriate .
Any female with an excessive amount of clothing will invariably have her clothes ripped to shreds or torn off somehow .
If there is no opportunity to tear off the afore - mentioned female 's clothes , then she will inexplicably take a shower for no apparent reason ( also known as the Gratuitous Shower Scene ) .
Whenever there is a headwind , Male characters invariably wear a long cloaks that do n't hamper movement and billow out dramatically behind them .
First Corollary ( Cryo- Adaptability ) -
All anime characters are resistant to extremely cold temperatures , and do not need to wear heavy or warm clothing in snow .
Bikinis render the wearer invulnerable to any form of damage .
“ Seven hours , 45 minutes , and 13 seconds it took for me to vote in Fulton County , Ga .
As soon as I saw the line , I hit the stopwatch on my phone .
I spent the first couple hours listening to a new Run the Jewels album .
And then I ended up listening to the entire discography .
And then I started watching season eight of ‘ Curb Your Enthusiasm . ’
And that ’s five hours .
It was one o’clock in the morning , and somebody was like , ‘ Hey , y’all remember we came to vote yesterday , right ? ’ ” “ Look at it . ”
When it comes time to vote in November , would you rather stand in a line like this …
“ Somebody please help us .
We are at our polling place in Atlanta , Fickett Elementary School .
The systems are down . ” … or like this ?
“ Oh look , there ’s no line .
There ’s no line at all out here in suburban white country . ”
Seven years ago , a controversial Supreme Court ruling struck down a key part of the Voting Rights Act .
“ If you hear me , the voting machines were not working . ”
And after that , many states passed laws that ended up making it harder for people of color to vote .
“ We have all these barriers that are n’t in place for other people .
It ’s 2020 .
Why is it this difficult for someone to go to and vote ? ”
To understand why , we go to Georgia .
“ I think Georgia has become a kind of hotbed for voting rights questions . ”
“ How voting takes place has become one of the most explosive issues in Georgia .
Georgia is the largest state by landmass east of the Mississippi River .
It ’s dominated by the reality of Atlanta .
It ’s multicultural .
It ’s growing .
It ’s dynamic , this sort of throbbing megalopolis where you ’re seeing Democrats in large numbers .
And then beyond these urban centers , you have a much more traditional , rural Georgia , where you have seen a massive shift of white voting behavior from conservative Democrat to full - on Republican . ”
Georgia has historically been a pretty conservative state , but as it becomes more culturally and racially diverse …
“ In this presidential election , there is some thought that Democrats have a shot here . ” … but one fact still remains .
“ Republicans control the State House .
Republicans control the Legislature , and they are free , frankly , to implement the voting laws they see fit . ”
As Republicans fight to remain in control of the state , some say it ’s no longer a fight over who people vote for , but who is allowed to vote .
The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights , an independent federal agency , says these are the five most common voter suppression tactics .
They happen across the country , but the only state that has ticked every box is Georgia .
“ The term voter suppression — ” “ Voter suppression . ”
“ Voter suppression . ” “ Voter suppression . ” ” — embedded in that word is the very question of what the motivation is for these kinds of laws and procedures . ”
“ The Republican argument , that they say , is that they are worried about voter security .
They are worried about voter fraud . ”
“ Voter fraud is all too common . ”
“ We do n’t have evidence of that . ”
“ And then they criticize us for saying that . ”
“ Federal law actually requires us to make sure that we keep our voter rolls updated , clean , fresh and accurate . ”
Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger is Georgia ’s lead elections official .
It ’s his job to maintain the state ’s voter lists .
“ Many people do n’t realize that , nationwide , about 11 percent of all people move every year .
And that ’s why you want to update your voter rolls .
We just send notices out to people that have n’t voted for a long period of time . ”
“ There ’s an argument to be made that purging voter rolls serves a legitimate purpose .
And that is to make sure that people are alive .
The counter - argument , of course , is that these voter rolls in some states are being aggressively purged by Republicans in an effort to keep them from coming to the polls . ”
In 2017 , 560,000 voters were purged from Georgia ’s voter rolls .
A report later found that Black voters were purged at a higher rate in more than half of Georgia ’s counties .
“ This is happening in the context of the American South , where there is a long and well - documented history of using trickery . ”
“ The kind of Jim Crow - era — things like poll taxes — ” “ — voting tests , literacy tests to keep people of color away from the polls . ”
“ You know , it ’s important to recognize that , until the 1960s , African - Americans were pretty much shut out of voting in the state of Georgia .
That began to change when the Voting Rights Act was passed in 1965 . ”
“ Voting Rights
Act of 1965 basically says that states cannot make laws that infringe on people ’s rights to vote . ”
A key part of the law with something called Section 5 preclearance , which said — “ States with a history of racist legislation cannot make laws that infringe on people of color without the federal government ’s permission . ”
After the Voting Rights
Act passed in 1965 , the number of African - Americans who registered to vote in Georgia doubled .
“ It changed Southern politics . ”
“ At the most basic level , bigger participation from Black Americans . ”
And for a while , that ’s how things went .
But …
“ It ’s not as if the South loved the preclearance . ”
Many of the states felt it was an unfair burden , especially when voter participation increased .
“ What was true is that they , frankly , could n’t do much about it . ”
Well , until a challenge to the law brought the issue all the way to the Supreme Court .
Announcer : “ — the 1965 Voting Rights Act. ” [ crosstalk ]
“ Shelby v. Holder . ” Shelby v. Holder .
“ I just get wound up when you ask me about voting rights . ”
Here to help explain is Debo Adegbile , the lawyer who argued that preclearance was still necessary .
But the other side argued that the standards used to measure discriminatory voting practices were outdated .
In a 5 to 4 decision , the justices ruled to strike down the preclearance , which effectively meant that states could pass new voting laws without federal oversight .
“ So it was a resounding loss , and perhaps one of the most significant civil rights decisions of the United States Supreme Court in recent memory . ”
“ The decision of Shelby took away the federal government ’s most effective tool in regulating state voting rights . ”
“ After the Shelby decision , there were almost immediate attempts to change the way voting works . ”
Some states passed voting legislation just hours after the ruling .
Alabama implemented new voter ID laws .
North Carolina eliminated seven days of early voting .
And the list goes on .
“ Without the preclearance provision , there were many , many elections where those discriminatory laws affected our politics . ”
Voting rights advocates say this was a key ruling that had the power to impact the outcome of an election .
And that ’s what many believe happened in Georgia in 2018 .
“ The governor ’s race in Georgia in 2018 was … ” “ Bitter . ”
“ On one side , you had … ” “ I ’m Stacey Abrams , and I ’m running for governor .
I have a boundless belief in Georgia ’s future . ”
“ Her strategy was based on signing up people of color .
And then on the other side … ” “ I ’m Brian Kemp . ” “ — because you ’re a proud , hardcore Trump conservative on spending , immigration and guns . ”
“ So you had a secretary of state , who had come under criticism for voter suppression , running the election that he ’s in . ”
“ That puts them at odds . ”
“ We ’ve seen jurisdictions consolidate and close precincts .
We ’ve seen voter ID laws come into play .
There was a system in Georgia called Exact Match , where if your information does n’t 100 percent match databases that the state uses , that you can be purged from the voter rolls .
That tends to target people with ethnic names .
A lot of these new suppression schemes seem race - neutral , but they have the same impact . ”
“ Georgia has 159 counties . ”
“ It ’s a staggering number of counties . ”
“ And we are hearing reports from all over the state . ” [ phones ringing ]
“ There was a county in Georgia called Randolph County . ”
“ Randolph County tried to close seven out of nine — ” “ Seven out of the nine . ” “ — polling places in a county that ’s 60 percent Black . ”
“ Jeff Davis County polling location consolidations .
I mean , I should say that , like , this could take a while . ”
“ Chatham County allowed the city of — ” [ crosstalk ]
“ Fighting voter suppression is very much like fighting a hydra .
You chop off one head , and three grows in its place . ”
Here ’s one impact :
The 2017 Exact Match law prevented 53,000 Georgians from having their registrations accepted .
Nearly 70 percent were Black .
“ The evidence is very clear to us that the ones most impacted by these new laws are Black Georgians , are people in Democratic communities . ”
All of this results in a contested election .
And then …
“ But I ’m here tonight to tell you , votes remain to be counted . ”
“ Make no mistake , the math is on our side to win this election . ”
“ So Brian Kemp squeaks out a victory . ”
“ And he is now the governor of Georgia .
It was two figures who have represented the opposite sides of the voting rights argument . ”
“ The question that dogged Georgia throughout 2018 was whether or not these tactics were fundamentally fair . ”
“ So what happened in 2018 really is a preview , where democracy is under a stress test . ”
One that may get even more stressed in the lead - up to 2020 , with the added elements of coronavirus and a country on edge after nationwide protests .
“ If you want change in America , go and register to vote .
Show up at the polls on June 9 . ”
In April , in response to the pandemic , Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger sent out absentee ballot applications to nearly seven million registered voters in an attempt to reduce in - person voting .
“ And what that really has done is it ’s taken the pressure off it today , so that instead of having those , you know , million people that were voted absentee show up today , we now have something that is more manageable . ”
But many of those absentee ballots were never delivered .
In Atlanta , this contributed to Election Day wait times that were reminiscent of 2018 and 2016 .
“ We got here before six o’clock this morning . ”
“ Since six this morning .
It ’s almost 9 a.m. , and I have not moved . ”
In Fulton County , Georgia ’s largest , election director Rick Barron had to contend with both a 9,000 percent increase in absentee ballots , and the rollout of a new voting machine system .
“ We became an absentee - by - mail state .
We still had to do our full complement of Election Day infrastructure .
We did our early - voting infrastructure .
And it stretched us . ”
With many usual polling sites , like churches and schools , dropping out because of the pandemic , an estimated 16,000 voters in Fulton County were redirected here , to this restaurant , Park Tavern .
“ Take a look behind me .
This is the Park Tavern precinct . ”
“ This polling place is serving multiple locations that are supposed to be separate locations . ”
And these problems stretched all across metro Atlanta .
“ The impact of having problems at the voting booth in high - density areas in Georgia means that people of color are going to be disproportionately affected . ”
One study showed that in communities where more than 90 percent of registered voters were minorities , the average minimum wait time at the polls was 51 minutes .
When whites made up more than 90 percent of voters , it was just six minutes .
“ So how are things running now ? ” “ Well , by and large , they ’re running very smoothly throughout the state , except , obviously , Fulton County has had multiple failures . ”
Each county in Georgia runs its own election , with Georgia ’s secretary of state as the top official .
But after the massive failures in the primary , a blame game commenced .
“ They should be embarrassed with their performance . ”
“ Whatever Secretary Raffensperger ’s opinion is , he ’s the head election official in the state , and he ca n’t wash his hands of all the responsibility . ”
“ In this environment , incompetence does have the effect of voter suppression . ”
Things would have looked different before the Shelby decision .
Even in an emergency situation like the pandemic , the implementation of all of these changes — new voting machines , poll place closures and the absentee balloting — still would have required federal oversight through Section 5 preclearance , meaning voters of color would have had …
“ A front - end protection that stops discrimination before it can take root .
What we ’ve lost with the Shelby County ruling is that , now when changes are made to take account of the public health crisis , they are not being made toward , are those changes harming minority voters . ”
Which means …
“ Your only option , now , is to go case by case , to try and find every bad thing that ’s happening and try and figure out if you can bring a case to stop it .
That ’s costly .
Litigation is slow .
Can they happen quickly enough in proximity to an election to make a difference ? ”
“ Voting rights and questions of voter suppression are not limited to the South .
It ’s happening in Texas , in Wisconsin , Ohio , Pennsylvania , and other places .
The political power of 1776 to 1960 was one that excluded huge communities of people in this country .
And so history tells us the same thing the current day tells us .
If you are Black , brown in this country , to exercise your democratic rights is harder than if you are white .
It ’s not just a foregone conclusion that everyone who is an American gets to vote . ”
“ You know , this is America .
We can put a Tesla in space , but we ca n’t vote ?
I mean , what do we think is going to happen in November ? ”
“ This is Alex . ” “ And I ’m Kassie . ”
“ We produced this episode of Stressed Elections . ”
“ There ’s a lot going on in this election , and we want to make sure we take a deep dive into the major issues .
So stick around for the next episodes . ”
“ We ’re going to cover voting technology , disinformation and voting by mail . ”
Edmonton , we are not like other SEO agencies in the area .
It ’s not about following a digital marketing checklist .
We create tailored SEO solutions , much like a seamstress would create that custom dress or suit .
It ’s about tailoring a marketing strategy that fits your business and your brand for the long term .
We take a step back to view the big picture and zoom in to the finer details to consider all SEO strategies to help achieve your objectives .
Do n’t be burnt by other ‘ experts . ’
Our dedicated Edmonton SEO specialists have honed their craft through every twist and turn Google has thrown at them over the years .
Search Engine Optimization is one of the many solutions we provide .
We have specialized teams in website design , blog article writing , and more .
Our team of specialists is here for you .
A good SEO strategy relies on an array of digital marketing practices , so it is essential to engage an agency that can deliver a multi-faceted approach .
WASHINGTON  House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Tuesday suggested that President Bush should skip the opening ceremonies of the Olympics to be held in August in Beijing to protest China ’s actions in Tibet , its overall human rights record and its trade policies .
The speaker , a California Democrat who just returned from a meeting with the Dalai Lama in India , said Mr. Bush should consider boycotting the opening festivities , which are typically a celebration of the host country , as a way of making a statement that would not interfere with the ensuing games themselves .
“ The president of the United States , if he is going to give credibility to the Chinese government , he should also take the time to say to them we are very concerned , not only about human rights , which are a very important value to us , but we are also concerned about our trade situation , ” Ms. Pelsoi said in an interview .
Ms. Pelosi , a longtime critic of China , said German representatives had already said they would not attend the opening ceremonies and the idea has been raised by other foreign officials as a way to show support for Tibetans seeking more independence from China .
Ms. Pelosi made it clear that she was not advocating any boycott of the sporting events themselves .
- Notice -
Sorry , this page was moved .
New site : http://neutralxe.net/esc/
The saved data can't be used in new page .
My problem with C++ bashing is that I 'm overqualified .
Ever since I 've published C++ FQA Lite , I 've tried to stay out of " C++ sucks " discussions .
I 've said everything before and I do n't want to say it again .
And then much of the C++ arcana is finally fading from my memory ; good , no need to refresh it , thank you .
I do n't always quit those discussions though .
How should I do that ?
If I were someone else , I could send a link to the C++ FQA to end the discussion ( " if you really care , check out yada yada " ) .
But I can't use this link myself , because " OMG , did you actually write a whole site about this ? ! "
So the last time I did n't quit this discussion , I said : " You know , at some point you actually start to prefer plain C " .
The seasoned C++ lover replied : " You mean , the C with classes style , with no tricky stuff ?
Sure , do n't we all end up writing most of the code like that ? "
No , said I , I meant plain C . No plus signs attached .
File names ending with .c. C without classes .
C .
" Now that is fanaticism , " said the guy .
" What could be the point of that ?
You know what ?
You may like C++ or you may dislike it , but face it : C just is n't good enough " .
Fanaticism ?!
Now that is an insult .
Yes , I recently decided to write a bunch of code in plain C inside a C++ code base .
I did this after maintaining the previous , C++ implementation of that stuff for 4 years .
For at least 3 of those years , I did n't do any significant rewriting in that code , because it could interfere with schedules and it would complicate merges .
Although some pieces were hopelessly awful .
Sloppy text parsing interleaved with interrupt handling ( I exaggerate , but only very slightly ) .
But it worked , so it was hardly urgent to fix it .
And then it had to be ported to a new platform .
And I obsessed over the rewrite - or - extend question for a lot of time .
There was a critical mass of incompatible new stuff , so I chose " rewrite " .
But .
I decided to write the new version in C ++.
Why ?
Because it 's a C++ code base , and people are used to C++ and its style and idioms , however brain - damaged .
" So you , YOU will do it in C++ after all ?!
You 're a wuss , " said my manager , an old - time C++ hater .
Time for the rhetorical question .
Does this sound like the story of a fanatic ?
OK then , why did I decide to do it in C after all , you may ask .
I 'll tell you why .
I did it because everybody was sick and tired of the build time of my auto - generated C++ code .
You see , the whole thing is data - driven .
The data objects describing its workload are generated at build time .
Do you know any way of generating C++ code that does n't compile slowly as hell ?
I do n't .
I 've generated both " real " code ( functions doing stuff ) and " data definition " code ( which does practically nothing except for calling object constructors ) .
And it always compiles slowly .
Sometimes turning optimization off speeds up compilation significantly , sometimes less significantly .
But the best part is this : you never know exactly what 's your problem .
Try to profile a C++ compiler .
It 's not that manually written C++ code is such a blast .
For example , we have a ~2K LOC file defining a class template and explicitly instantiating it 4 times .
It worked fine for years , until it met a particular version of the Green Hills C++ compiler .
That version decided that it needs more than 1.5G of memory to compile that file .
I do n't know how much more exactly , because at that point my workstation suffocated , and could only breathe again when the process ran out of swap space and died .
Here 's another rhetorical question : how the fuck are you supposed to figure out what the fuck causes this problem ?
What 's that ?
" It 's a tool problem , not a language problem ? "
Bzzzt , wrong answer !
It 's neither a language problem nor a tool problem ; it 's my problem , because I must fix it .
And this is why I do n't want to deal with a language that consistently breeds tools which create such problems for me .
But since I 'm hardly a fanatic , and I know exactly why I do want to work on this particular C++ code base , I hold my nose and I delve right into the pile of excrements and find out that if you instantiate each template in its own file , then the process memory consumption barely crosses the 350 M mark .
Nice and compact , that .
So , let 's use 4 files .
Nope , manually written C++ code is n't a picnic .
But auto - generated code is worse , because it relies on some set of features and uses them a lot .
The number of uses per feature per file matters .
1 explicit template instantiation per file = 350 M of compiler process memory .
4 instantiations = out of memory .
What about " simpler " features , but hundreds of uses ?
The compiler will grind to a halt for sure .
Um , you might say , do n't other languages have " features " which will be used hundreds of times by generated code ?
Yes , they do .
Those features just DON'T SUCK quite as impressively .
Go ahead , show me a problem with compilation speed anywhere near what C++ exhibits in another language .
Face it : C++ just is n't good enough .
" If you really care about C++ parsing complexity , check out the FQA yada yada " .
I wrote " a whole site " about it , you know .
Bottom line : if you generate native code , you want to define your object model such that the generated code can be C code .
Assembly is pointlessly low - level and non-portable , and C++ sucks .
Believe me , or die waiting for your code to compile .
So , C .
My object model will be in C. Um. Bummer .
It 's an OO thing , with plugins and multiple inheritance and virtual inheritance .
It has to be .
You have orthogonal plugins which want to derive classes from a common base – a classic diamond hierarchy .
Well , I can have a couple of macros for doing MI - style pointer arithmetic , by fetching the derived - type - specific offset of each base class object at run time .
No big deal .
I even like it better than the C++
MI downcasting syntax – at least you know exactly what you 're doing , and you do n't need to think whether it should be dynamic_cast or static_cast or eat_flaming_death_cast to really work .
But I miss virtual functions .
I really do .
I sincerely think that each and every notable feature C++ adds to C makes the language worse , with the single exception of virtual functions .
Here 's why not having virtual functions in C sucks :
You can't quite fake them with C macros .
Virtual function call is a shortcut for obj - > vtable -> func ( obj , args ) .
The OO spelling – obj - > func( args ) – is of course better .
.
The OO spelling – – is of course better .
You 'll usually try to make the C version shorter : obj -> func( args ) , obj -> vtable -> func( args ) , or obj - > func ( obj , args ) .
Quite likely you 'll find out that you really needed to pass obj to func and / or the vtable level of indirection .
Updating the code may be tedious / too late / really annoying ( because of having to admit a stupid mistake ) .
The eventual lack of call syntax uniformity will also be annoying .
Decent C++ debuggers automatically downcast base class object pointers to the real run time type when you inspect the object , even when C++ RTTI support is turned off at compile time .
They do it by looking at the vtable pointer .
Achieving this with OO C is only possible on a per-OO - faking - style , per - debugger basis , using the ugly debugger scripting facilities .
Most likely , you wo n't do it and choose interactive suffering each time you debug the code , having to figure out the actual type yourself and cast pointers manually .
With virtual functions , base class implementations are inherited automatically .
With explicit vtable structures , you need to either have links to base class implementations ( the slow MFC message table way ) , or you need to explicitly and fully fill the vtables in each derived class .
Possibly using the C default of trailing zeros in aggregate initializers as in vtable_type vtable= {foo_func , bar_func} /* and the third member , baz_func , is 0 - we check for zero vtable entries before calling our pseudo - virtual functions */ .
Run time checks for null function pointers can make initialization code smaller , but they also make function calls slower .
.
Run time checks for null function pointers can make initialization code smaller , but they also make function calls slower .
With explicit vtable initializers , you only see the position of the function in the vtable initializer and its " derived class " name ( my_class_baz_func ) , not its " base class " name ( baz_func ) .
You are likely to have a slightly inconsistent " derived class method " naming convention , making it annoying to figure out exactly which base class function we 're overriding here .
An impressive list , is n't it ?
You can see from it that I 've really put my employer 's money where my mouth is and actually worked with OO C for a while .
Are n't C++ classes with virtual functions simply better ?
No , because C++ classes do n't support aggregate initialization .
If you have C structures with vtable pointers , you can use the frob_type g_obj={&vtable , 5 , " name " } initialization style .
This translates to assembly that looks like so :
g_obj :
. word vtable
.word 5
.word .str34
.str34 :
.asciz " name "
This compiles and loads as fast as it gets .
Now , if you choose real C++ vtables , you rule out aggregate initialization once and for all .
Your initialization will instead have to be spelled as frob_type g_obj ( 5 , " name " ) , and even if you have no constructor arguments , C++ will generate a constructor to set the vtable pointer .
The good news : at least the explicit reference to the vtable in our source code is gone .
The bad news : with many objects , the C++ version compiles very slowly ( I 've checked with GNU and Green Hills C++ ) .
It also generates a much larger image , since it emits both global data objects and assembly code copying them into object members at run time .
The latter code also costs you load time .
And if you crash there , good luck figuring out the context .
But as far as I 'm concerned , the worst part is the build time explosion .
Yes , yes .
It 's not important .
And it 's FUD .
And it 's a tool problem .
A " good " compiler could optimize the C++ version and generate the same assembly as the C version .
And it could do it quickly .
Those compiler writers are just lame .
I completely agree with you , sir .
Just go away already .
By the way , the same trade - off happens with C++ containers , like std::vector .
They 're better than { T * base ; int size ; } structures because you have the shortcut of operator [ ] ( as opposed to array - > base [ i ] ) .
And because debuggers can gracefully display all elements of std::vector as a list of the right size .
Some of the debuggers can .
Sometimes .
Sometimes it breaks .
But when it does n't , it 's fun .
But , again , you can't use aggregate initialization once your structure has a std:: vector in it .
And C++0 x wo n't solve it , because its pseudo - aggregate initializers are syntactic sugar , and my problem here is n't the syntax , it 's the build time .
And std::vector forces allocation of data on the heap ( let 's not discuss custom allocator templates , ' cause I 'm gonna vomit ) .
Can't have the base address of a std:: vector point to a global variable generated specifically to hold its data .
I like things to point to globals generated to hold their data .
Helps a lot when you debug , because your pointer is now firmly associated with a symbol table name .
And no matter what memory - corrupting atrocity was committed by buggy code , that association will be there to help you figure things out .
And heap corruption is very common in C++ , because it 's a completely unsafe language .
So I care a lot about debugging core dumps with corrupted memory .
Which is why base , size structures get my vote .
And that 's an important point : you can live with just safety , or just control , and of course with both , but if you have neither safety nor control , then , sir , welcome to hell .
Which is why OO C is worse than OO in Java or Lisp or Power Shell , but better than OO in C ++.
And OO C is not all bad after all .
Manually faking virtual functions has its benefits :
You can dynamically " change the object type " by changing the vtable pointer .
I first saw this in POV - Ray , which has a vtable for circles and a vtable for ellipses .
When a geometric transformation applied to a circle object transforms it to an ellipse , the vtable pointer is changed to point to the more generic and slower ellipse rendering functions .
Neat .
You could do this using C++- style OO by having another level of indirection , but with C , it 's marginally faster , which can matter sometimes .
And the C way is much neater , which is useful to balance the frustration caused by the drawbacks of fake OO .
I use this trick a lot for debug plugins in my fake OO stuff .
Likewise , you can overwrite individual vtable entries .
This changes the type of all objects of that " class " – primarily useful for logging and other sorts of debugging .
Sometimes you really do n't need obj - > vtable -> func ( obj , args ) – say , obj - > func ( args ) is good enough .
And then you win .
You do n't have to use a structure with named members to represent a vtable .
If a bunch of functions have the same prototype , you can keep them in an array .
You can then iterate over them or use an index into that array as a " member function pointer " .
This way , you can have a function calling a method in a bunch of objects , and the method to call will be a parameter of that function .
The C++ member function pointers do n't support the iterate - over - methods trick as efficiently , and their syntax is remarkably ugly .
That each function has a unique non-mangled name ( as opposed to A : : func , B : : func , etc. ) has the benefit of making the symbol table clean and independent of the non-portable C++ mangling .
And you no longer depend on the varying definition look - up abilities of debuggers and IDEs ( I do n't like the lengthy disambiguation menus when I ask to show me the definition of " func " , and these menus show up too often ) .
If you serialize the objects , or you have programs shoveling through process snapshots and analyzing them , the memory image of OO C objects is easier to deal with because of being more portable .
Basically you only need to know the target endianness , the alignment requirements of built - in types , sizeof ( enum ) and the implementation of bitfields , if you use that .
With C++ , you need to know the layouts of objects when multiple / virtual inheritance / empty base class optimization / etc. is at play ; this is n't portable across compilers .
And even that knowledge is only useful if you know the members of each class ; otherwise , you need to parse the layouts out of non-portable debug information databases – parsing C++ source code is not an option .
With C , you can parse its files and find the struct definitions and figure out the layouts and it will be really easy and portable .
Been there , done that .
Of course , you can use all those tricks in a C++ object model when needed , and use virtual functions elsewhere .
And if C++ did n't suck so much ( for example , if code compiled reasonably fast and if it had a standard ABI and and and … ) , that would be the way to go .
But since C++ just is n't good enough , and I have to use a pure C object model , I point out the benefits of the sucky thing that is OO C to make it a little less bitter .
Overall , OO C is passable , more so than the endless rebuild cycles caused by our previous C++ object model .
So you have a bunch of lame stuff .
Having to use a typedef because struct A can only be referred to as struct A , not A . No default function arguments .
Having to declare variables at the beginning of the scope .
( BTW , I use C89 .
I do n't believe in C99 .
I 'm a Luddite , you already know that , right ?
I do n't think C99 is as portable as C89 here in 2008 ) .
So , yeah .
I do miss some C++ features , but it 's a small itching here , a tiny scratching there , nothing serious .
I can live with that as the price for not having my legs shot off by mysterious compile time explosions and other C++ goodies .
OO C is good enough for me .
Fanaticism ?
You be the judge .
The surprise that may await Europe
Why there is sense in a link - up between the pro-EU victor of Serbia ’s elections and the party founded by Slobodan Milosevic .
It seems the EU ’s strategy of bolstering Serbia ’s reformist parties in their election campaigns has worked : the coalition headed by President Boris Tadic ’s Democratic Party ( DS ) emerged as the clear winner of early parliamentary elections held on 11 May , garnering close to 39 % of the vote .
The DS coalition , For a European Serbia , ran a clever and largely positive campaign , crowned last week by the signing of an agreement on a substantial investment by Fiat in Serbia ’s national carmaker Zastava ; ultimately , though , the DS victory should be seen as a direct result of the EU ’s decision to allow the signing of a Stabilisation and Association Agreement ( SAA ) with Serbia in the run-up to the vote , a decision taken despite Belgrade ’s failure to arrest and hand over to the Hague war - crimes tribunal General Ratko Mladic , the former commander of Bosnian Serb army who is accused of masterminding the 1995 Srebrenica massacre .
In the process , what Serbia saw was a coalescence of voters who see the EU as vital to the country ’s future around the coalition that most articulated that idea , For a European Serbia .
The result was a sizeable shrinkage in the base of the outgoing prime minister , Vojislav Koštunica , a man who campaigned this time on an overtly anti-EU platform .
The parties now gathered around the DS ran separately in January 2007 , winning a total of 32.8 % of the vote ; they added roughly six points this time .
By contrast , Koštunica saw his coalition ’s vote fall from just under 17 % to 11 % in the space of 16 months .
Meanwhile , the party that had previously been the country ’s largest , the ultranationalist Serbian Radical Party ( SRS ) , won just over 29 percent , a result similar to its previous showings .
Why a nationalist government is improbable
But while the results of the 11 May vote have rightly been hailed as a triumph for Serbia ’s pro-EU forces , the likely distribution of seats in parliament does not point to an obvious governing majority .
In fact , if past and present political affinities were the guiding principle , an anti-European and strongly nationalist government would now be a done deal .
What now distinguishes Koštunica , once seen as a moderate nationalist , from the Radicals is merely the willingness of Koštunica 's party to resort to outright lies .
The two – the Radicals and Koštunica ’s party – would probably have 127 seats in the 250 - strong parliament if they allied themselves with the coalition headed by the Socialist Party of Serbia ( SPS ) , which was founded by the man who presided over Serbia ’s descent into nationalism and isolation , Slobodan Milosevic .
Past affinities , though , are not a guide : Koštunica and the Radicals ’ acting leader , Tomislav Nikolic , may have held what they billed as coalition talks only hours after the preliminary results were announced , but the two are unlikely to enter power together .
First of all , a government dominated by the Radicals would be out of sync with an electorate that now rightly feels it has defeated the Radicals at the ballot box .
Second , a formal coalition with the far more numerous Radicals would be likely to further weaken Koštunica ’s party .
And , for the SPS , membership of a government dominated by the Radicals would be likely to halt the gradual recovery demonstrated by its relatively strong showing this time , 8 % .
Why would Koštunica be weakened by linking up with the Radicals ?
The Radicals are no ordinary anti-European nationalist force : this is a party whose leader openly advocated ethnic cleansing and massacres and is now on trial in The Hague .
Even though his stand - in , Nikolic , has made some attempts to polish the party ’s rough image , there is no mistaking what the party stands for : when the polish wears thin , Nikolic is capable of saying – as he said in this campaign – that , unlike Milosevic , he would have “ finished the job ” in the 1990s .
Getting into bed with such a party merely for a few ministerial portfolios would be a political suicide in a country where , according to independent pollsters , 67 % of the population wishes to join the EU .
Furthermore , Serbia ’s economy seems to be entirely geared towards the country ’s presumed EU future .
The Belgrade stock exchange indexes rose sharply last week , following Serbia ’s signing of the SAA on 29 April ; they jumped again on the morning following the election .
Milosevic ’s increasingly wayward offspring
But while the overall after - taste in the country immediately after the vote is that the electorate overwhelmingly supported the pro-European parties , the actual electoral maths is somewhat less conclusive .
Together with the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) , a DS splinter group , and the parties of ethnic minorities , the For a European Serbia coalition can probably count only on 123 votes .
In other words , Tadic will need to look for support either from Koštunica ’s or the SPS ’s coalition .
Koštunica and his party , the Democratic Party of Serbia ( DSS ) , cannot expect to play anything but a marginal role in a DS - led government .
The degree of bad blood between the DSS and the DS , as well as Koštunica ’s vanity , would probably make that impossible .
At the same time , if Koštunica were to analyse his party ’s situation cool - headedly or to listen to the probable advice of his aides , he would also reject the idea of governing with the Radicals .
For the DSS , the rational move now is to opt for opposition benches or to offer Tadic support for a minority government .
As for Tadic , another government dependent on Koštunica ’s whims is probably one of the least desirable options .
Which is why Tadic is more likely to strike a deal with the SPS coalition .
But how on earth would that work ?
What would be in it for the SPS ?
And would n’t a reliance on the party founded by Milosevic demean such a government ?
Improbable though it may seem , the outline of a DS - SPS deal has actually been in place for some time , though this is naturally not something either party has been keen to trumpet .
The SPS is now only a shadow of its former mighty , criminal self .
It largely gathers together people who were small fry under Milosevic , some of whom are now showing signs that they are determined to turn the party into a champion of social justice .
And , in fact , the party and its coalition partners has enjoyed considerable success in speaking for less enlightened sections of Serbia ’s elderly population as well as some local communities that feel disenfranchised and cut off from the country ’s transitional mainstream .
While echoes of Milosevic - era sentiments can still easily be heard in their rhetoric , especially on the issue of Kosovo , the leaders of the SPS coalition do not behave like mindless nationalists who would feel at home in a cabinet with the Radicals .
On the contrary , they very much look as if they would like to reform their party into a respectable mainstream force .
In that regard , rejecting Nikolic and Koštunica and choosing instead the DS coalition , glowing as it now is with success and smelling of future promise , might prove a shrewd image - cleansing move for the SPS and for its coalition partners .
Moreover , a minor role for the SPS in the government would probably be tolerated both by the EU and by pro-EU voters .
One possible scenario is for the SPS coalition , or some of its members , to support a DS - led minority government .
Such an arrangement would , however , attract political sabotage and therefore be inherently unstable .
For Tadic , a minority government might at first look like a more elegant solution – but he may also want to consider a majority governing coalition , in which one or two portfolios , such as labour and regional development , would go to the SPS coalition .
Bringing the SPS coalition into the cabinet would bind them closely to the government 's reformist agenda and would also raise the price of any attempt at obstructionism , while leaving all major portfolios under the reformists ’ control .
Tihomir Loza is a long - time commentator on Balkan affairs and currently deputy director of the news magazine Transitions Online .
Authors :
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York , in a statement Monday , confirmed its role in the arrangement .
“ We believe the amended terms are fair to all sides and reflect the value and risks of the Bear Stearns franchise , ” the chief executive of JPMorgan , Jamie Dimon , said in a statement , “ and bring more certainty for our respective shareholders , clients , and the marketplace .
We look forward to a prompt closing and being able to operate as one company . ”
In the same statement , the chief executive of Bear Stearns , Alan D. Schwartz , said : “ Our board of directors believes that the amended terms provide both significantly greater value to our shareholders , many of whom are Bear Stearns employees , and enhanced coverage and certainty for our customers , counterparties , and lenders . ”
“ The substantial share issuance to JPMorgan Chase was a necessary condition to obtain the full set of amended terms , which in turn , were essential to maintaining Bear Stearns ’ financial stability , ” Mr. Schwartz said .
While the rules of the New York Stock Exchange generally require shareholder approval before a company issues securities that are convertible into more than 20 percent of the outstanding shares , an exception is permitted in cases where a delay would jeopardize the viability of the company .
Under a Delaware precedent , where the companies are incorporated , a company can sell up to 40 percent without shareholder approval .
The new deal could raise even more questions about the Fed ’s involvement in the negotiations .
The central bank had directed JPMorgan to pay no more than $ 2 a share for Bear to assure that it would not appear that the Bear shareholders were being rescued , people involved in the negotiations said Sunday night .
Image
The headquarters of Bear Stearns in Midtown Manhattan .
JPMorgan
Chase initially offered $ 2 a share for Bear , angering the beleaguered firms stockholders who said the offer was too low .
Credit ... Patrick Andrade for The New York Times
A spokesman for the Federal Reserve would not comment on the central bank ’s involvement in the negotiations and denied that it had directed the original sale price .
If you are looking forward to make a hard reset on your iPhone , then you have come to the right place .
Basically , there are a number of reasons why you need to do this procedure .
So , here are a couple of ways to perform a hard reset on your iPhone .
Force Restart
You need to check if the device can be normally shut down .
This is required only when the device has shown some signs that it is no longer responsive .
Just hold the Power button until it displays “ Slid to power off ” across the top screen .
Simply slide it to the right .
If that would n’t work on your device , you can use the Power button +
Home button combination for iPhone 6S or earlier .
You can also use Power button + volume - down button or iPhone 7 and 7Plus
If you are using an iPhone 8 , 8 + , and X , you must use the Volume up -> Volume down ->
Power button .
You may also use the Power +
Home button combination .
You need to do this for 10 seconds until the Apple logo appears on your screen before you release the buttons .
Factory Reset
Simply open Settings ->
Tap the Apple ID registered to that device .
You may be required to Sign in if you are not yet signed in .
Just enter the Apple ID and password before you tap the Sign In button .
You may also tap the iCloud button found at the second section of the menu .
Then , scroll down to the iCloud Backup button and tap it .
You have to tap the Back Up Now button I you are going to reset your iPhone .
However , you need to be connected via Wi - Fi so that you can back up your iPhone .
After backing up your content to your device , you have to click the Apple ID at the upper - left corner of the screen .
Then , tap the Settings -> General -> Reset .
You will have options to Reset All Settings or Erase All Content and Settings .
You will also be required to enter your passcode .
Then , you can now tap the button to Erase iPhone .
Two miners were found alive but 35 remained trapped underground Monday in a coal mine in danger of flooding after an explosion , Interfax Ukraine reported , as hopes for the miners ' survival dwindled .
The agency quoted Ukraine 's Inter television as saying the two had been pulled out from the debris and brought to the surface at the Karl Marx mine in eastern Ukraine .
The search for the other miners by seven rescue teams continued as 22 medical units waited .
On Sunday Andriy Bondarenko , the regional head of the emergency situations ministry , had said : " The fate of 37 people who were in the mine when the explosion took place ... remains unknown . "
Deputy Prime Minister Olexander Turchinov said that underground water would flood the mine within a few hours , in comments quoted by Interfax news agency .
" Five people outside the mine " were injured , a ministry statement said .
Parallel Kingdom is a medieval role playing game that uses location services to allow users to play in a virtual world overlaid on top of the real world .
Using an iPhone or Google Android cell phone , Parallel Kingdom knows of a users physical location enabling a virtual character to move around in that area of the virtual world .
Users can attack , trade , or mingle with people around them , and can pick on friends , build kingdoms , go on raids , wage war , or establish economic empires .
The game comes from PerBlue , a Madison , Wisconsin software company specializing in applications for the iPhone , Google Android and Windows Mobile .
The graphics are fairly basic , but it ’s an interesting mashup / idea that marries geopresence with mobile gaming and could quite easily gain cult status .
See also WiFi Army , Parallel Kingdom ’s main competitor .
The big economic debate of the moment is whether the Fed and its peers have made a terrible mistake by focusing on staving off financial crisis while more or less ignoring the rise of inflation .
“ Inflation is rising and it seems the world ’s central banks have critically misjudged the situation , ” says Wolfgang Munchau in the FT .
I ’ve heard even more apocalyptic views from some serious people in the last couple of weeks .
As it happens , I do n’t agree .
And I thought it ’s worth spelling out why — especially because many if not most of the participants in this debate do n’t explain their premises very clearly .
So : when is it appropriate to get very concerned about inflation , and when is it OK to assume that a rise in prices is a temporary shock that will pass ?
The answer is that inflation becomes a big problem if it becomes “ embedded ” in the economy , which makes it hard to restore more or less stable prices .
But how does inflation get embedded ?
Well , I ’m basically a believer in a “ staggered price - setting ” story , which explains how we can have what is often called an inflationary spiral , but would better be described as inflationary leapfrogging — a process in which inflation can feed on itself .
Imagine that there are two entrepreneurs , Harry and Louise , both of whom change prices only at fairly long intervals — say , once a year .
Other things equal , Harry want his average price over the next year to be about the same as Louise ’s ; Louise wants her average price to be about the same as Harry ’s .
But their price setting takes place on different dates .
( This is a metaphor for the real economy , in which people setting prices have to think about the prices of many competitors and suppliers that will prevail until they revise the price again . )
In this situation , inflation can feed on itself : Harry raises his price above Louise ’s , because he expects her to raise her price in the future , and she does the same thing when it ’s her turn .
It looks like this , with Harry in red and Louise in blue :
Once expectations of inflation get embedded like this , it ’s hard to get price stability back .
In practice , what happens is that central banks deliberately cause a recession .
This makes
Harry shave his price increases a bit , and then Louise does the same , and over time both start to notice that the other ’s price increase keeps falling short of expectations , and eventually inflationary momentum gets wrung out of the system — but at a high cost .
In the 1980s , it took double - digit unemployment to get rid of the embedded inflation from the 1970s .
But how is this relevant to current events ?
Well , the problem of embedded inflation applies only to prices that are set at fairly long intervals — especially to wages , which are usually set only once a year .
There ’s no comparable problem with commodities like wheat or oil , where the price changes minute by minute , and goes down as easily as it goes up .
It may sound perverse , but embedded , hard - to - reverse inflation is only a problem for parts of the economy with relatively sticky prices .
So to get a sense of whether embedded inflation is becoming a problem , you have to purge the highly volatile prices — basically , commodities — from the picture .
That ’s why the Fed focuses on “ core ” inflation that excludes food and energy : it ’s not a nefarious scheme to ignore the real hardships people face , it ’s an attempt to figure out if inflation is getting built into the system .
In the 70s , it was : core inflation quickly shot up after the energy and food price spikes .
But this time that ’s not happening at all : the rise in inflation is all commodities , with no sign that expectations of inflation are getting embedded in price - setting through the rest of the economy .
In short , this does n’t look at all like the 70s .
Inflation is nasty , but it ’s not getting a grip in a way that will cause it to persist if and when oil and food top out .
And it would be a big mistake if the Fed lets fear of inflation distract it from the urgent task of heading off a financial meltdown .
ANAHEIM , California ( CNN ) --
As he fixes a broken sliding glass door at an apartment in Anaheim , California , Eduardo Gutierrez worries about his parents in Mexico .
Eduardo Gutierrez can't send money back to his parents in Mexico due to rising costs and less work .
He can no longer afford to send the $ 200 to $ 300 a month he had been sending back home to support his ailing father .
" I kind of feel bad that I can't help my parents , " said Gutierrez , a legal immigrant who has worked in the United States for 20 years .
" I try .
But I can't these days , and it's a tough situation . "
Gutierrez said he earns $ 18.50 an hour as a glazier , installer and fixer of glass in all shapes and sizes .
But with the U.S. economy sagging , his hours have shrunk , even as his gas and grocery bills have skyrocketed along with other expenses .
He 's struggling just to support his wife and three children .
Watch bad times in the U.S. felt in Mexico »
Bank of Mexico , Mexico 's equivalent to the Federal Reserve , says stories like these are becoming more common .
Deceleration in the U.S. construction industry resulted in $ 100 million less in " remittances " -- money from workers in the U.S. to their relatives in Mexico -- in January this year , the most recent available stats .
The overall figure went from $ 1.7 billion in January 2007 to $ 1.6 billion this January , according to Bank of Mexico .
The slowdown in such money has been a consistent theme over the last year .
The World Bank says remittances received by people in Mexico nearly ground to a halt in 2007 , growing at a rate of 1.4 percent , compared with more than 20 percent annual growth from 2002 to 2006 .
" The slowdown in Mexico is partly due to the weak job market in the United States , especially in the construction sector , " the World Bank says on its Web site .
A poll , released Wednesday , of 5,000 Latin American adults living in the United States found that only 50 percent of respondents were still sending money on a regular basis to loved ones , down from 73 percent in a similar poll conducted in 2006 .
The poll was conducted in February by the Inter - American Development Bank 's Multilateral Investment Fund .
See the rise of immigrants from Latin America »
What does that mean to families in Mexico counting on the payments to survive ?
CNN caught up with Gutierrez 's father in Tejaro , Mexico , a hardscrabble farming town of about 5,000 people .
A gray - bearded man in a wide - brimmed hat , 77 - year - old Camilo Izquierdo was feeding white goats that poked their heads through a makeshift fence .
He and his wife have 13 children , seven of whom have moved to the United States for work , including Eduardo Gutierrez .
The dad used the money from his oldest son to supplement his farming income and to help pay for diabetes medication .
" He says things are getting too expensive over there , " the father said .
" He says things are worse there in California than over here . "
His livestock has always been his lifeline .
Izquierdo used to have 140 goats , but he began selling off his livestock to make ends meet .
A drought made feed more expensive , and now he 's down to just 40 goats , with little money left for his medicine .
" I am sick and have been sick for quite some time .
The medicine keeps getting more expensive .
I just do n't know what to do anymore . "
Back in California , Eduardo Gutierrez says that in addition to shrinking hours and rising food costs , gas prices are burning up his paycheck as he drives his truck to jobs spread out over hundreds of miles in Southern California .
He estimates that just driving to and from the jobs is costing him $ 400 to $ 500 a month in gas .
Gas calculator :
How much do you need to work to pay for your gas ? »
" I 've been here over 20 years , and I saw the recession back in the ' 90s , " Gutierrez said .
" But this is worse , as far as I can tell .
This is really bad . "
Gutierrez says his financial situation could be more desperate , like those from his hometown who are now unemployed in California .
When he visits his home in Mexico , he does n't reveal everything about just how dire the situation is .
" Every time I go down there , a lot of people ask , ' How is my son doing ? ' " Gutierrez said .
" I do n't want to say they 're out of a job or anything like that . "
He added , " I say they 're doing all right .
But that is just a lie .
They are doing bad right now .
A lot of people are doing bad . "
He said he knows lots of legal U.S. residents who have moved back home to Tejaro or the state of Michoacan .
He also said the tighter border controls have convinced other Mexicans without legal U.S. paperwork not to try to not sneak across the border to make money for their families .
" I mean , who wants to risk his life just to make a living ? " Gutierrez asked .
He said he hopes the U.S. economy picks back up and people begin renovating their homes again soon .
On this day , as he finished fixing the sliding glass door , he got on his knees like a kid playing marbles and used a hand brush to sweep every last metal shaving and screw into a dust pan .
" I do n't know what 's going to happen , " he said of the U.S. economy .
" Hopefully , things turn around a little better . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Immigration Policy • Immigration • Mexico
Mr Hofmann thought LSD could have uses treating mental illnesses
Albert Hofmann , the Swiss chemist who discovered the hallucinogenic drug LSD , has died of a heart attack at his home in Basel at the age of 102 .
Mr Hofmann first produced LSD in 1938 while researching the medicinal uses of a crop fungus .
He accidentally ingested some of the drug and said later : " Everything I saw was distorted as in a warped mirror . "
He argued for decades that LSD could help treat mental illness , but in the 1960s it became a popular street drug .
' Turn on , tune in , drop out '
While working with the drug in the Sandoz pharmaceutical laboratory a few years after first producing it , Mr Hofmann ingested some of the drug through his fingertips .
He went home and experienced what he described as visions of " fantastic pictures , extraordinary shapes with intense , kaleidoscopic play of colours " .
The drug was popularised by Harvard professor Timothy Leary who suggested that people " turn on , tune in , drop out " .
Rock stars and the counter - culture of the 1960s picked up LSD as a wonder drug but horror stories began to emerge of users suffering permanent psychological damage .
LSD was made illegal in many countries beginning in the late 1960s .
Advertisements
The Democratic National Committee recently put out a statement calling on millionaire beer heiress , and wife of the soon to be GOP nominee , Cindy McCain to release her tax returns .
DNC Chair Howard Dean wants to know what John McCain is hiding from the voters , and why he speaks about openness and reform on the campaign trail , but the same rules do n’t apply to him .
“ What is John McCain trying to hide ?
Throughout this campaign , he has acted like his own calls for openness and accountability apply to everyone but himself .
Now he thinks he can bring that same double standard to the White House .
Whether he is skirting the FEC , withholding his tax returns , or stocking his campaign with the same Washington lobbyists he attacks on the campaign trail , John McCain is showing that he does n’t respect the voters enough to be honest with them , ” Dean said .
Advertisements
He continued , “ John McCain may not like it , but the American people have a right to know about the well documented links between his political career and the McCains ’ business ventures .
John McCain ’s refusal to meet the standard of every other candidate seeking the office is one more reason he ’s the wrong choice for America ’s future . ”
What is going on here is that McCain is trying to protect the myth he invented that he is some sort of blue collar maverick Republican .
He does n’t want those white blue collar workers who might vote for him in the fall to know that his wife is up to her eyeballs in money , and that the McCains live a very lavish life .
The real John McCain is a typical Republican .
This is not the kind of image McCain needs if he is going to stand any chance against Barack Obama in the fall .
John McCain is hiding the fact that he is just another Republican .
Dean ’s Statement :
So here we are - I hope you enjoyed the trip .
Time Machine looks like a great step forward for preserving data .
But we will have to keep an eye on Apple whether they are serious about it or not .
And then there are future questions , most of which were touched somewhere above : Quotas trying to fairly split backup space among several users ?
Dealing with small changes to large files ( frankly , I consider Apple ’s idea of simply splitting them up - as demonstrated for bundle disk images - to be a cheap hack rather than a good solution ) ?
The apparent problems with applications like Aperture ( no first hand experience ) ?
Getting the ability to easily revert system updates you did n’t like with Time Machine ?
The numerous glitches which have been reported by people trying to do full restores ( i.e. your data are saved but recovering them may not be totally fool proof ) .
The whole issue of encryption .
And in a next step file systems ( there will always been someone mentioning ZFS which is n’t a reality yet but sounds like it might be a good match for Time Machine although it may require a number of changes to the concept ) .
And in yet another step , networked file systems for backups to another location ( with encryption being a must - have feature there ) .
Which leads to more questions about which file server volumes Apple support ( currently OS X.5 computers and Time Capsule devices by default and give or take a hidden preference for everybody who likes doing unsupported things with their backups ) .
This is far less than they initially promised and it ’s usually said technical rather than marketing issues cause the scrapping of that feature .
Of course with Apple always achieving all their goals we will never learn what the real reason was .
And while them limiting the features of their software just to shift more Time Capsule hardware would be a shame and really do injustice to a topic as important as backups , it would n’t seem completely along the lines of Apple ’s ‘ personality ’ to do exactly this .
On the other hand there are still plenty of practical issues at this stage .
Ranging from the - not necessarily Time Machine intrinsic - fact that OS X.5 ’s support for external drives could be much better performance - wise and even seems kernel panic prone ( from my own experience ) .
Then there ’s the sub - par UI , both for setting up the backup ( no way tell Time Machine ‘ include this specific folder in future backups ’ ) and for recovering files ( which is both tacky and giving much less information than would be helpful and possible ) .
I ’d say that technically those UI points are n’t biggies .
And perhaps we can hope for someone givng us a better UI for it .
With Apple ’s personality being a bit too far on the self - consumed and narcissistic side to admit they shipped something less than ideal or - gasp !
- poorly designed , I would n’t hold my breath while waiting for them to improve things .
The impression I get from this - my limited experience spanning a few months and the reports I read - is the following : Time Machine is worth having because it does make an additional copy of your data and is unlikely to accidentally destroy that additional copy .
Even though this text is both wordy ( for sure ) and rich in information ( hopefully ) , it still does n’t present a full coverage of Time Machine .
Mostly because I am running a single machine in a single environment which means that I am not able to know about the full range of usage cases , the opportunities , the conceptual problems , the practical problems .
All I can go by is word of mouth .
Where word of mouth is n’t even that but just what I picked up from the garbage dump known as the internet .
Once you start thinking about network backups - possibly storing your data on servers of some third party on the internet - which hopefully becomes an option in the future , encryption of backups would become pretty much mandatory .
Call me paranoid , but at least I would n’t want all my data to be stored in clear text on their machines .
Unfortunately Time Machine does n’t offer to encrypt backups .
Which is a shame - it will use disk images anyway and encrypted disk images do exist , so it seems like this would be an easy thing to do .
Of course that extra level of encryption would require a bit of careful design about where the password for the backup image is stored on a shared computer .
And it could lead to agony if someone ran their backup for years and ended up needing it without remembering the password .
It ’d still be a nice option .
The other aspect is encryption of backups .
Usually backup software offers it as an option .
And it makes a lot of sense to me .
Even if you say that someone has to break into your home to steal your data and that you do n’t need local encryption because of that , it seems entirely possible that you would ( or rather , should ) store your backup somewhere else .
Put differently :
There will be another copy of all your data now which you rarely need to access .
Thus the inconvenience of the encryption plays less of a role and it would be nice to have .
If you really are more concerned about your data remaining private than about it being unaccessible , you are probably using FileVault on your machine .
It stores your home folder in an encrypted disk image ( these started off with a reputation for easily being irreparably broken in system crashes or so - I heard the format improved since , but never really checked that ) .
And you get plenty of inconvenience for that - such as your home folder not being available via file sharing and possibly a bit of a speed hit .
Oh - and you will only get very limited Time Machine goodies as well .
Because , rather than saving the files in your account , the computer will only make a backup copy of your complete encrypted disk image if you are using File Vault .
To make that a bit more efficient , Apple introduced a new disk image format , the ‘ bundle image ’ which splits its contents up in several ‘ slices ’ .
Meaning that Time Machine only has to back up the slices which changed rather than the complete image .
This is n’t exactly neat but - assuming that they got the encryption right - it will keep your data encrypted even in the backup .
But your only option for restoring will be to restore the whole image in one go , rather than the individual files contained in it .
Security seems a topic which they mostly ignored when designing Time Machine .
If you consider your data to be private , you can be screwed in two ways by Time Machine .
And that ’s before I get into real bitching mode , my friends !
Let ’s say you have a hard drive and a single folder on that hard drive which you want to include in your backup .
If you naïvely assumed that this should be a ‘ super easy ’ single drag - and - drop operation in Apple ’s OS , you ’d be wrong .
As far as I can tell you are expected to add all other folders on the disk in question to the exclude list and of course update its state whenever you add another folder .
Excellent !
In fact those sheets are quite anaemic .
They are tiny and all they let you do is select the backup volume and exclude stuff from backups .
The excluded items from various volumes are then displayed alphabetically in a single list with no sense of their location .
So if you excluded a folder named ‘ Pictures ’ , good luck finding out which one it actually is .
You ’ll have to hover over the line in the list to get a ‘ tooltip ’ with a Unix style path to the folder in question .
Very user friendly and Mac like !
With space being so generously used for the ‘ pretties ’ , little remains for actual preferences .
You mainly get a display of the current backup status , some information about how backups work and two odd looking buttons which in open sheets containing the actual settings .
Just get that :
There are a mere five settings they let you make for Time Machine and you need a whole preference pane and two sheets for them .
Time Machine also comes with its own preference pane in System Preferences .
It features a huge logo with the name beneath it in Myriad which does n’t really belong to OS X .
It also features a huge ‘ slider ’
On / Off switch that is in no way a standard UI element and in no way behaves like the real world slider it ’s supposed to represent .
It works like a checkbox , so why is n’t it a checkbox ?
The integration with applications also makes me slightly uneasy .
The beauty of standard Time Machine backups is that they are a - file - for - a - file .
It ’s easy to understand what goes on there .
And recovering a file from the backup is essentially a copy operation .
The more ‘ clever ’ behaviour applications show here means that the transparency of what is going on is lost .
I will have to hope that the software does the right thing .
As things are , the integration with Apple ’s non-Finder applications is n’t first class anyway .
Not only is half of the date at the bottom of the screen covered frequently covered by a button on my ‘ small ’ MacBook screen ( a problem so obvious that it suggests nobody at Apple ever bothered to think about this properly or to try it out on such a machine ) , the general behaviour also seems to be quite erratic ( iPhoto windows showing up empty at first and only filling eventually after I scrolled back and forth a bit , iTunes playback skipping while the computer made that ‘ effort ’ , the lack of displaying actual differences in the Address Book , to give a few impressions I collected when trying things out for a few minutes ) .
Letting the application access its old database and restore the little bits and pieces from it is a sweet idea .
But I wonder how many applications will offer that .
I am sure that doing so may be quite a bit of effort .
And doing that in a correct way for the rare situations when a user both needs it and knows the feature is there , seems to be a lot to ask .
I have n’t really needed this so far , so I ca n’t say terribly much about it .
The idea behind it seems to be a laudable one .
As many applications store their data in an opaque format which consists of many little files and perhaps some database keeping them together , it ’s not feasible to do fine - grained restores for these applications .
You can either revert the full database to a previous state - undoing many other , wanted , changes in the same move or you ca n’t undo anything .
Another feature of Time Machine is that applications are encouraged to integrate with it .
Some Apple applications like the Address Book , Mail or iPhoto offer such integration ( and applications like iTunes , iCal or Safari lack it ) .
But I fear that many people wo n’t even notice that as you have to invoke Time Machine while the application is active to get the Time Machine interface for that application .
And there is n’t an out - of - the - box way to invoke Time Machine for most of those applications if you have n’t cluttered your Dock or menu bar with its icons .
Only iPhoto seems to have an explicit menu item for accessing backups at this stage .
The Mac OS X.5 installer also offers an option to restore the system from a Time Machine backup rather than setting up or migrating accounts .
That ’s a very appealing option if the whole hard drive breaks .
I have n’t tried it myself yet but reports I read so far seem to be mixed .
While no harm is done to the backup data , doing the full restore does n’t seem to be terribly reliable yet .
It may be a good idea to keep those cloned drives handy for a while if you need to be able to recover quickly .
Both these methods use the Finder for copying the files .
And the Finder will strip the extended attributes relevant to the backup from them when doing that .
Which is probably a good idea .
Copying the files using the cp command leaves the extended attributes in place and you ’ll probably want to remove them afterwards .
Or you can use the ‘ official ’ starry sky Time Machine GUI described above and grab the files from there if you have the nerves for that .
You will even be asked whether you want to use the backup file to replace the newer version of itself or whether you ’d like to have both files next to each other .
With the files I recovered so far , both methods worked fine .
The most important thing about a backup is that you can get your files back if you need them .
As a Time Machine backup is nothing but a folder with files in it , you always have the ability to just browse into the Backups .
backupdb folder in the Finder and get the file you want .
Time Machine also comes with two UI elements :
An icon which appears in the Dock by default in X.5 ( Apple ’s tendency to clutter your Dock with stuff starts reminding me of the Windows ‘ Start Menu ’ and Desktop which are littered by every installer - Apple just have a better monopoly to get more exclusive spamming opportunities for themselves ) and a menu bar item which was added in the X.5.2 update .
It lets you run a backup and launch the Time Machine UI .
And it rotates like hell , the wrong way round , while files are being backed up .
( The icons the Finder displays in its sidebar next to the icon of the Time Machine volume rotate the right way round , btw . )
Other aspects of the UI such as the navigation arrows could also be better in that what happens when you click them would be predictable .
Right now clicking the backwards arrow will slide things around but I have no idea how far they will slide before seeing it .
Even if it slides just ‘ the right ’ distance , why not indicate that in the UI beforehand by omitting the superfluous layers or greying them out ?
It ’s not really clear to me anyway what all those Finder windows actually represent on screen .
Usually they do not represent the state of the file system at the time the window in question represents .
They just seem to be a copy of the frontmost window and will only be updated when they come to the front themselves .
… and so on .
When playing with just the Finder ’s Time Machine interface you quickly get the idea that some Sci - Fi geek had an UI idea which they then implemented but never really tried out .
If you are using a large sidebared Finder windows in column mode , it will work all right for recovering a single file .
In any other situation things quickly appear a bit broken and not exactly well planned and thought - through .
While not the biggest Bauhaus fan , I am a ‘ form follows function ’ type .
And that concept certainly did n’t play a role when ‘ designing ’ the GUI for Time Machine .
There are so many things wrong with it that I do n’t know where to start or how to make sense of it .
So I ’ll just give a semi-random list of points to think about .
Not last but least there is the graphical user interface for Time Machine .
Like many recent GUI ‘ innovations ’ by Apple it leaves me with a ‘ WTF
What were they thinking ?!’ expression :
As Forrest points out in the comments , changing access permissions to a file is also asking for trouble :
As permissions are the same for all hard linked versions of a file , the system would have to add that file to the backup again to avoid changing access permissions for all old instances of the file int the backup as well ..
But that does n’t happen .
Interestingly , Time Machine does seem to catch a change of file owner and add a new copy to the backup in that case .
This may seem like a tiny point and a situation that should n’t happen .
I think it ’s good to have a clear sense of what the words we use are .
And in the way Time Machine uses the word ‘ changed ’ it means that a file that has been moved to a different location has been ‘ changed ’ and that a file whose content has been replaced by other content of the same size in a way which did n’t modify its other metadata is not ‘ changed ’ .
As my usual understanding of the word ‘ changed ’ differs from that , it ’s worth noticing and keeping in mind to avoid disappointment .
And thus I can create a file ( I used a 1 by 1 gif image for a simple test ) , back it up , edit it ( with that file not changing its size and dates in the process ) , run the backup again and have only the first version of my file in the backup .
If my hard drive breaks now , the changes to that file will be lost .
And although the last changed date of a file is supposed to change when that file is edited , that is n’t necessarily the case .
( In fact , with the shambles that are metadata on computers the ability of GraphicConverter to not modify the last changed date of a file when saving it is convenient as it will not cause converted versions of an image to have a date that differs from the original file ’s . )
What is potentially even more harmful is the following behaviour : Time Machine considers two files to be identical if their path and dates and size are the same .
I.e. it relies exclusively on metadata to determine whether or not a file changed , which ironically means it checks everything but the only relevant information .
Luckily this is n’t too much of a problem in most practical situations , but it still strikes me as ironic .
Having something like a hash of the file ’s content could improve this a lot .
The file with the new name exists in the backup .
But its link count is just 1 .
Thus it is a new file .
The harm done by this varies .
For a tiny file like this one it ’s hardly worth mentioning .
For a big video project where renaming may mean a wastage of many gigabytes of storage space just because it has been renamed , that may be more painful .
The first test is renaming .
Renaming a file only changes its name in the folder but not its contents .
Thus - keeping in mind all the hubub about hard links above - I ’d expect Time Machine to create a hard link with the new name to the same old file in the backup when running the next time after renaming the file .
So let ’s try just that .
Create the file
All this sounds fine and dandy .
But you really have to keep in mind how it works : fseventsd only notes which folders have been changed .
Then backupd scans them for files which have changed .
And backupd does n’t make a big effort when doing that job .
Two obvious tests for its cleverness are failed with ease .
To do its job particularly well , backupd will check for any files that may have changed during a lengthy backup run and add those files to the backup at the very end .
Once the list of files needing backup has been collected , the process will copy them over to the Time Machine volume , creating all the metadata described above .
And of course making sure there is enough space to accomplish the task before starting it .
It also purges old backups when more space is needed on the backup volume as well as those which are n’t needed anymore ( that is , hourly backups which are older than a day as well as daily backups older than a month ) .
Finally , there is backupd , the workhorse of Time Machine .
It uses the information collected by fseventsd to zone in on the files which have been changed since the previous backup .
If that is n’t possible because there has been a problem with fseventsd , that will be recognised [ see that the fsevents store gets a new UUID in the log message above and that the extended metadata for the previous backup include the UUID of the fsevents store used ] and kicks off a ‘ deep traversal ’ of the file system .
In that case it will go through all files to ensure it is aware of all changes .
In the logs that ’ll look like this :
For this to work reliably it is crucial that the fseventsd logs are complete as otherwise files could accidentally be omitted from a backup .
And thus if you ‘ improperly ’ remove a drive , say , because of the system crashing or being too daft to properly unmount it , fseventsd creates a fresh catalogue of changes the next time you use that drive .
In the logs that will look like this :
But luckily Apple gave the System the ability to just know when a file has been changed in Mac OS X.4 where Spotlight needed it to know which files require re-indexing after being modified .
This approach has now been extended in a way that the fseventsd background process monitors all file changes on the system and .
It notes the folders containing files which were changed on a volume in a file inside the .fsevents folder at the top level of that volume .
A more detailed description of how that works can be found in the Ars Technica X.5 review .
One thing that has n’t been looked at so far is how the System knows which files need backing up .
The traditional way of just scanning all the folders and subfolders on the attached drives would be quite an undertaking with hundreds of thousands of files hiding on a normal Mac OS X startup drive these days .
Particularly if you want to update your backups hourly .
In case you want to edit it at a later stage you need a Finder window with a toolbar and an action / cogwheel menu in there .
That menu contains a command for editing the search query .
Thanks to Dirk and S for pointing this out .
The Finder lets you save elaborate search queries like this one as a ‘ smart folder ’ for easy accessibility later on .
[ This did n’t work when I initially tested it and the text used to contain a more complicated way to create a query .
Thanks to tinbert for pointing out that this does work after all and encouraging me to give it another try . ]
If Spotlight ’s graphical user interface were n’t a complete POS , this could even be fun .
But currently it ’s a bit painful to do .
And given Apple ’s past speed of improving the Spotlight UI , I wo n’t expect considerable improvements there before 2050 .
But still , we can attempt to do it .
Just be sure to take this with a lump of salt .
I have seen loads of strange behaviour when testing this .
‘ Strange ’ behaviour included the Spotlight server process mds crashing and happily starting a complete re-index after being automatically restarted by the System .
It also included recently backed - up files not being in the Spotlight index and thus not appearing in the results for these searches .
All that seemed a bit random , so while in principle possible , I would n’t rate these steps as reliable but more as an interesting exploration at this stage .
An interesting aspect is that extended attributes beginning with com.apple.metadata can also be found in the Spotlight index .
In particular , this gives you a way to look for all files added to the backup in a certain time range .
So if you sometimes wonder ‘ what the heck caused my last backup run to take so long and to contain that much data , Spotlight might be helpful .
Time Machine also ties in with Spotlight .
Items in the backup are indexed by the Spotlight engine to help you find stuff when needing it .
The index for the Time Machine backup is stored separately from the remaining index of the volume , indicating that Spotlight has become a bit more flexible in this regard .
I suppose separating things in this way may also improve performance for everyday searches in the non-Time Machine content of the volume .
Update :
As this report points out , Time Machine ’s default and unreported exclusions are even more problematic and potentially destructive , particularly when using Mac OS X Server and its unixoid features .
A point that is rather sore as well for me is the fact that Caches folders are completely excluded from backups .
By Spotlight ’s poor design the Caches folder contains a Metadata folder which applications have to store their data in if they want it to be found in the index .
Those metadata files will not be in a backup .
As a consequence restoring your system from a backup will leave you with an incomplete Spotlight index until you run all the applications which stored data in the Caches / Metadata folder and make sure they re-create them .
Ultimately this is a Spotlight issue , I think , but with Time Machine being made by the same company , they should have had an eye on it .
While there certainly is a point to many of the exclusions made by Time Machine , I do find them slightly problematic .
Particularly as many people will not know they exist and it is non-obvious how to find out which files will not be backed up .
Even more so , as applications can easily remove your documents from future backups by accident ( or , maliciously , on purpose ) .
It ’s a shame that there is n’t an easily accessible list of files which are n’t backed up .
I guess the sufficiently paranoid may want to keep an eye on the property lists and attributes mentioned above .
In the way Time Machine currently works , exclusion is a vital concept for it .
The software defaults to backing up a complete volume and you can control things a little by excluding folders from the backup .
Say , to ensure that huge but frequently changing files - like disk images from a virtual machine or a large database - do n’t clutter up the backup too much .
There are various ways files can be excluded from the backup .
( Do n’t read too much into the order of that list as I have n’t checked which of these items takes precendence in case of conflicts .
That might be an interesting thing to do . )
Time Machine also uses extended attributes on your working volume to mark files and folders as excluded from the backup .
With all these extended attributes in place , Time Machine ’s archive is more than just a copy of the files .
It also contains guides to match the backup up with local data and to see where the previous and next versions of a file are stored .
But there ’s more to see for those who like poking around .
Apple introduced extended attributes in Mac OS X.4 and Time Machine uses them a lot , both inside the backup copy and on your usual files .
Mac OS X.5 comes with the xattr command line tool for reading and writing them .
Suggests that the ‘ mach_kernel ’ file has been replaced 30 backup runs ago .
The same heuristic does n’t work as easily for folders as you ’ll have to subtract the number of items in them before knowing the number of hard links around .
Also be careful when examining folders lower down in the file system .
You will frequently see link counts of 1 there .
That happens when no item in that folder or in any folder contained by it has been changed .
Then Time Machine only created a hard link for the enclosing folder and thus every file inside it has only been backed up and hard linked to once .
When peeking around your backup you can learn a few things about it if the numbers are interpreted correctly .
For example for files at the top level of your startup volume the number tells you in how many backups the file has been included .
E.g .
Once such hard links come into play , you lose the sense of which one is the ‘ original ’ and which one is ‘ just being pointed to ’ - as both of them are the original .
And thus , when browsing your Time Machine folders on the backup drive , all files will look like proper files and not carry the little superimposed arrow icon which Mac OS X normally uses to indicate aliases or symbolic links .
But with the Terminal commands above you can hope to get an idea of what is going on .
And observe how the numbers change :
The file with the hard link to it has an increased link count of 2 .
Finally , we delete the original file and convince ourselves that it survived thanks to the other hard link to it :
Up to here we created a file originalfile containing the string test and looked at the folder contents .
There is a link count of 1 for the file and of 3 for the folder .
Next , create both a hard link and a symbolic link to that file :
Perhaps a little demonstration will be a good way to finish this off .
You can play around with the relevant commands in the Terminal without much effort , creating files , creating hard links with the ln command as well as soft links with the ln -s command .
And keeping a close eye on the output of the file listing command ls -l .
Its output contains a mysterious number after the initial permissions ( e.g. drw -r--r-- ) bit .
That number is exactly the number of ‘ hard ’ links to the file in question .
Looking at these a bit you quickly realise that most files have a number of 1 and a folder has a number of at least 2 [ the parent folder pointing to it and the folder pointing to itself - the ‘.’ item in the listing of the folder .
Every additional item inside the folder will increase that number by 1 ] .
Having multiple hard links to a folder turns out to be problematic once you start thinking about circular references and how deleting files should work : currently you can only remove a folder from the file system if it is empty ; if you have multiple hard links to the folder it would n’t seem unreasonable to remove one of them without the folder being empty .
But then imagine the only remaining link to that folder being from an item that is contained in the folder itself :
You would n’t be able to reach that folder from the file system hierarchy anymore !
In fact , the System ’s ln tool does n’t let you create hard links to folders yourself .
One way in which Time Machine goes beyond what is usually done is that it makes extensive use of hard links for folders .
These are usually avoided as they require very careful handling in situations when multiply hard linked folders are nested within another .
But the feature is essential for Time Machine so it can just use a single hard link as a reference for a folder and everything it contains instead of having to create actual folders for everything and hard links for every single file in each snapshot .
Just to get a better feeling for this , let me answer a few questions I wished you had asked :
In fact , that reference inserted to the folder is just a hard link .
The new thing is just that once you have several such hard links to the same file , the file is listed several times in the file system ’s folders but the actual data only exist exactly once .
And that ’s exactly what Time Machine uses .
Time Machine ’s trick to avoid duplicates of unchanged files in its archives is to use hard links .
Hard links are a very old and very basic concept .
Yet they can be a bit mind boggling .
When looking at how a file system works , you end up discovering that there are two things :
The hierarchical folder structure and the files themselves .
A folder essentially contains nothing but a bunch of references to the files themselves rather than the actual files :
You can move even a huge file from one folder to another on the same volume in a split second because all that happens is that a reference to the file is inserted in the destination folder and it is removed from the source folder .
The data themselves remain in the same place throughout .
Unlike many other backup solutions Time Machine does n’t store backups in a single file backup database which may have an unknown format and may make it hard to extract data from it without the software that created it .
Instead , Time Machine uses ordinary folders and files .
That may be a bit less efficient space - wise but has the advantage of being simple as well as browsable on any machine that ’s able to read HFS Extended volumes without Time Machine at hand .
At the top level of that volume Time Machine creates a folder named ‘ Backups.backupdb ’ .
And inside that folder there is a subfolder with the computer ’s name - meaning you can back up different computers to the same Time Machine volume .
Inside that folder there is a number of folders whose names are time stamps .
These folders include the data of the drives Time Machine backed up at that time .
First , let ’s look at the data storage :
As things are , Time Machine requires a HFS Extended file system to work .
This has been the default format for Mac hard drives for a long time , so it ’s not a big deal .
But if you do n’t have a Mac OS Extended volume ( but a drive shared by another Mac OS X.5 computer via Apple ’s File Sharing or a drive in a different format ) , things will work as well as Time Machine creates a disk image in HFS Extended format and saves your data into that if necessary .
In what follows I will just assume we are dealing with a HFS Extended volume .
Ideas about what a backup is vary a bit .
The most obvious - and very widespread - interpretation of the word is simply making a ‘ clone ’ of your hard drive which you update from time to time .
Obviously that ’s better than nothing but once you work with , or think about , backups , you soon realise that it ’s really not enough .
At least not if you want to be able to do more than just restore your system in the case of mass deletion or a hardware failure .
Say , some data corruption happens to a file , but you do n’t realise it at the time .
You ’ll run your clone ‘ backup ’ that evening and your only existing copy of the file ’s previous version will be lost .
Ouch !
Suffer from this once and soon you ’ll join the people who consider a backup to be an initial copy of all your data plus fresh copies of all files that have been changed since the previous backup run .
Time Machine provides just that and I shall try to give a rough sketch of how that works ( note for the overly optimistic : I have neither written Time Machine myself nor seen its code , so I can only go from observation of Mac OS X.5 and the documentation ) .
There are two aspects to how Time Machine works :
The user interface and the background activity needed to do the actual magic .
Both of them are probably of equal importance as only a good user interface will entice people to create backups of their data and enable them to recover data which would be lost otherwise .
But without the behind - the - scenes work nothing is going to happen .
To keep up the good spirit , I will dig into the more obscure topic of background activity first before bitching about the user interface .
This first part will be both lengthy and slightly technical .
If you ca n’t take that skip it .
Which I wish they do .
Simply because it will help people ’s data survive .
As a consequence of all this Apple will have to earn the trust needed for Time Machine as a viable backup software .
And while a lack of actual experience with the technology as well as initial software problems still dominate the reports at this stage , I think they have a reasonable chance at succeeding in the long run .
Idiot !
I hear you scream .
Sure , he should have checked the recoverability of his data .
But keep in mind that .mac customers are exactly the people more technical minded folks consider as ‘ idiots ’ .
If Apple tells them they have a backup and essential parts are missing at the end of the day , it does n’t exactly build trust .
It was n’t possible to reconstruct how exactly that situation came to be .
But even if he turned off backing up documents himself , the software should have told him about the implications .
Just as it warns you before erasing a drive .
And from a good friend of mine I heard a possibly worse report about .mac Backup .
He had a hardware failure of his hard drive .
Which he was n’t too concerned about because he had run the .mac Backup application all the time .
He got a new drive and restored his data .
Just to find that all his photos and iTMS purchases were there .
But , the most essential data , his documents , were missing .
Panic ensued and a large amount of money had to be spent for hard drive recovery to rescue his thesis .
While Apple ’s software is n’t generally destructive , they have had their run of installers deleting users ’ files and they also had the .mac Backup application gaining a reputation for not being something you ’d want to entrust your data to .
There were reports about people being not being able to restore data from backups ( i.e. failure at its single most crucial function ) a few years back .
That seeds a bad reputation which is deadly for a backup tool - particularly for one by a tight lipped company which will neither admit errors nor document the changes they make in updates .
All that said , Time Machine is also a product by Apple .
And - as far as I can tell - Apple never went out of their way to protect their users ’ data .
The quality of their applications ’ backwards compatibility varies widely ( the OS X Address Book will export contacts [ up to the photos associated to them ] to the standard VCARD format , OS X Mail has no export feature at all , Mac OS X.5 does n’t voluntarily play System 7 sound files , … ) .
If Apple were self - confident enough to worry about their users ’ data more than about locking their users in to peddle more machines , I ’d certainly start off with a more positive impression .
None of these points is trivial to achieve .
And - optimistically speaking - Time Machine is a brave attempt to address all these problems :
Its mere existence raises awareness about backups .
It creates and maintains backups automatically .
It does so in a relatively simple way .
And it makes restoring data easy .
Once you start thinking about it you will discover many potential points of failure for a backup solution .
Things you need are :
Unfortunately , making backups is a bit of a hassle and thus of the few people who have a ‘ backup strategy ’ even fewer actually stick to it for a long time .
It ’s tedious , it ’s boring and there is no day - to - day benefit from it as long as nothing goes wrong .
Without ease - of - use and automation , backups do n’t happen .
Often people do n’t worry too much about this , simply because they are n’t obsessive compulsive .
But everybody seems to have weak points .
Once the half finished dissertation or the wedding photos go missing because of a broken hard drive , careless operation or theft , panic strikes .
And the count of people who become aware of backups increases .
Unfortunately many people are n’t aware of all this .
They work with their data every day and spread it across machines and systems without much care .
Parts of their e-mail will be at some web mail provider , other parts of their e-mail are still at their old web mail provider - each provider having a different state and subset of their address book .
Phone numbers are stored in the mobile phone only .
And documents reside in the folder the application creating them suggested as a default .
The documents created after 2005 , that is , because back then old computer with all the older documents on it was stolen …
Backups are a sore topic .
On the one hand , thinking about them is a painful and dull endeavor .
On the other hand , not having a backup when shit hits the proverbial fan can be a disaster .
The most important thing on a computer are your data .
It ’s not the machine itself .
It ’s not the operating system .
It ’s your files you will be worried about .
Your work , your collected resources and work environment , your e-mail of the last decade or two , your photos and possibly your music collection or the playlists you created from it .
Many of these things cannot be re-created if they were lost others would demand a massive effort to re-create which you would n’t undertake because it exceeds the ‘ worth ’ of the data in question .
Time Machine is the backup technology Apple introduced in Mac OS X.5 .
It is possibly the biggest new feature of the operating system .
And I consider it to be a great step forward .
In what follows I look at backups in general , a number of details of how Time Machine works and their ramifications as I can make them out today , after a few months of usage .
Wow , this is the definitive Time Machine review / postmortem / dissection !
Hopefully google will index it prominently .
March 5 , 2008 , 3:33
A minor note ( hopefully Markdown will work here ) :
com.apple.backupd.BackupMachineAddress — containing a string of the Ethernet port ’s MAC address ( and I guess something else but similarly unique on machines without Ethernet like the MacBook Air )
AirPort cards also have a MAC address ( you can see both wired and wireless in System Profiler , I think ; I ’m not at a Mac right now ) so I imagine they just use that instead .
Otherwise , thanks for the detailed look , in particular the mention of FileVault and sparse bundle images , of which I was otherwise unaware .
March 5 , 2008 , 15:21
Me and the people I know do n’t have a MBA at hand so I could n’t verify that it really does use the Airport MAC address .
If anyone wants to fill in that gap , I ’ll be happy to learn about it .
This topic may be worth discussing as well : is a MAC address a good choice as an identifier ?
What will happen to my backup when I continue using my hard drive in a different machine ?
What happens when Apple need to replace my main board and thus change the MAC address ?
What happens when I change the MAC address through software ?
I.e. is the backup really chained to the hardware the system happens to run on ?
And should n’t it rather be chained to something else .
My gut feeling is that my system and data are relevant but the machine they are running on is n’t .
In fact , when I switched MacBooks last year I simply moved the old hard drive into the new one .
I suspect Time Machine would do a fresh backup after that although it seems a silly thing to do .
[ BTW , you can simply see the MAC address in the advanced sheet of the Network preferences .
Tougher people might just type ifconfig into their command line . ]
March 5 , 2008 , 15:51
is it possible to get a list of what files / folders are backed up ?
March 5 , 2008 , 22:03
@bg :
I did n’t find a one - click way to retrieve all files in a backup .
But if you read the section on Spotlight above , you should have a technique at hand to determine them anyway .
March 5 , 2008 , 23:34
Regarding hard links , you can examine if two files are linked together by using the command ‘ ls - i ’ .
This works on any Unix-y system as it corresponds to showing the i-node that the file is referenced by ( called the “ serial number ” under Mac OS ) :
-i For each file , print the file 's file serial number ( inode number ) .
March 6 , 2008 , 3:21
Excellent review , Sven .
In theory , backups to Firewire drives should be less disruptive to foreground activities as Firewire is supposed to require less CPU supervision for I /O .
I have n’t done any empirical testing .
March 6 , 2008 , 14:19
@d.w.:
Probably there are two points here :
One is whether or not USB really was what caused my problems ( I saw other people report fairly similar panicing behaviour with FireWire drives ) , but it does n’t seem entirely unlikely .
The other issue is the eternal ( ? )
FireWire question .
It seems to be correct to say that , in comparison to FireWire , USB is crap .
It ’s less flexible and it requires more effort by the machine running it .
However , I do wonder whether , these differences need to be noticeable when performing activities that is far from saturating the bus and has no real - time requirements .
Does making many small reads and writes to a USB drive have to affect the computer ’s performance .
I like to think that it should n’t .
And what I have seen on Linux or Windows machines suggests that it does n’t necessarily make a difference .
Certainly the magical ‘ drivers ’ used by the operating system play a role as well .
And my impression is that OS X’s are n’t particularly performant ( and may even have become worse over time ) .
Perhaps a requirement for the Time Machine implementation should have been “ Time Machine background activity must not affect performance of other applications . ”
I do n’t know enough about the low level stuff to find out why it does n’t feel right .
I imagine it may even be quite tricky to pin this down .
But then again , I ’m a ‘ Just Works ™ ’ person , so I do n’t think I should need to worry about this to begin with .
March 6 , 2008 , 14:40
I ’m still working my way through the article , but while I ’m thinking of it :
Mail has the ability to “ Archive … ” a mailbox as a standard mbox file .
Highlight the mailbox ( folder ) you want to export , click the “ Mailbox ” menu and select “ Archive … ”
March 17 , 2008 , 21:33
Mail.app does n’t have an explicit export feature , but the “ Archive ” function actually saves mailboxes out in standard mbox format ( albeit rolled up into a Bundle - like folder ) .
Excellent write - up , though :)
March 17 , 2008 , 21:45
Nice in - depth text .
The only thing I feel is missing is a test of how good it is at actually restoring files ; lucky for us , I already did that , using Nate Gray ’s awesome Backup Bouncer .
Here are the results : http://mublag.boinkor.net/post/177807/Measuring-Time-Machine-backup-quality
Cheers , Andreas .
PS : As a stylistic note , I think this text as a technical document would benefit from leaving out much of the bile .
I understand you find some elements infuriating - I do too - but it gets kinda old after the third paragraph detailing how much stuff annoys you .
March 17 , 2008 , 21:57
Are you sure that folder hard links are reflected in their link count ?
Last time I checked , I thought they were n’t , and none of the “ I ’m a link ” flags seem to get set for these hard links .
The best method I could work out to detect them was checking whether that inode occurred multiple times on the disk .
There ’s no way to manually create hard linked dirs , as far as I can tell .
Certainly ln refuses to hard link dirs , even when run as root .
Incidentally , that hard - linked structure plays merry hell with lots of file and disk utilities .
Scans of Time Machine disks will take ages to complete ( as its like scanning your hard drive n times over , where n is the number of TM backups ) .
Even rm’ing can take a long time .
checksums in the metadata - that would be nice .
I ’m actually about to start storing my own ( for a small subset of files over a threshold size , that have already been matched on quick checksums of the first and last 512 bits - typically about 1 % of the files on disk ) , to optimise duplicate file detection .
I ’ll be adding support to Baseline ( see my link ) for Time Machine aware scanning in an upcoming version , especially if that tip about the directory link count being accurate is right - I was using inode counting , but its a bit too slow for general use .
March 17 , 2008 , 21:57
Excellent overview of TM .
I have been using it since the day of the OS X 10.5 release ( yes it ’s “ OS X 10.5 ” , not the odd “ X.5 ” you use ) .
I have only encountered a few random issues , but for the most part it works well .
I ’ve only now had my drive fill up , and am letting it delete the oldest backups .
I agree that the TM interface is bizarro .. I really wish they had a “ power user ” UI so we could skip all the starfield nonsense and just dig through backups efficiently .
March 17 , 2008 , 22:03
I wish TimeMachine was more flexible by allowing backups to be stored in a mounted DMG file .
This way , I could create an encrypted DMG , and the problem of encrypted backups is at least ‘ worked - around . ’
I have a firewire disk at work I use for file storage , but there ’s no way I could leave a plaintext backup there — too paranoid .
March 17 , 2008 , 22:06
Quotas are totally doable and work as expected .
I setup another Leopard machine that had a spare HDD and I applied quotas for some network users on the volume .
Finder appropriately reports to these connected clients the quota that I set , thus Time Machine respects this limit .
March 17 , 2008 , 22:14
While your technical analysis is thorough , I ca n’t say I agree with most of your user interface criticisms ( and this is from someone who thumps on his Addison - Wesley “ Macintosh Human Interface Guidelines ” frequently ) .
The key to understanding the Time Machine interface - the simple pref panel with almost no settings , the bizarre space restoration UI - is to get people to use it .
Getting people to back up - even with something as simple as Time Machine - takes effort .
People have to know about the feature , it has to catch their interest , and it has to be simple .
That ’s what the Time Machine interface is .
Earlier developer seeds had more options in the pref panel ; this was simplified over time .
The space UI is a crazy - ass thing that only semi-works , but for the most common cases it gets the job done , and it gets people to think about their backups .
I ’m willing to tolerate such insanity if it makes even a handful of people backup their data .
Please note that none of this is intended to defend the UI as a good UI , just that it has different goals .
Also note that since Time Machine does use such a transparent backup format , there is nothing stopping a third party developer from creating a new UI - something more familiar and with more features .
A couple other notes : - The Time Machine menubar icon is correct for its purpose .
The whole point is you ’re “ backing up ” - thus the whole time metaphor , clock hands going backwards , and the arrow circling backwards .
-
The use of disk images on network volumes was excellent ; not using them on local volumes was a huge mistake .
Not only does it make it harder to migrate backups from one volume to another ( or use a single disk for multiple machines ) , but it limits what you can do with the backup ( as you noted , disk images can be encrypted , limited in size , etc ) .
I go into this on my blog : http://diamondsw.dyndns.org/Home/Et_Cetera/Entries/2008/3/6_Time_Machine_Design_Decisions.html
- Being able to include a specific file in an excluded directory is useful ( I do this with SuperDuper ) , but the UI starts to get complex quickly ( although Apple ’s old and much - maligned Backup. app did a decent job of it ) .
Apple really intends you to backup everything , and the approach reflects that .
March 17 , 2008 , 22:18
Are you sure that folder hard links are reflected in their link count ?
Last time I checked , I thought they were n’t , and none of the “ I ’m a link ” flags seem to get set for these hard links .
The best method I could work out to detect them was checking whether that inode occurred multiple times on the disk .
There ’s no way to manually create hard linked dirs , as far as I can tell .
Certainly ln refuses to hard link dirs , even when run as root .
Incidentally , that hard - linked structure plays merry hell with lots of file and disk utilities .
Scans of Time Machine disks will take ages to complete ( as its like scanning your hard drive n times over , where n is the number of TM backups ) .
Even rm’ing can take a long time .
checksums in the metadata - that would be nice .
I ’m actually about to start storing my own ( for a small subset of files over a threshold size , that have already been matched on quick checksums of the first and last 512 bits - typically about 1 % of the files on disk ) , to optimise duplicate file detection .
I ’ll be adding support to Baseline ( see my link ) for Time Machine aware scanning in an upcoming version , especially if that tip about the directory link count being accurate is right - I was using inode counting , but its a bit too slow for general use .
March 17 , 2008 , 22:18
Quotas are totally doable .
I have another Leopard ( client not server ) machine in the office with an extra HDD in it .
I setup quotas for a couple network users and finder appropriately reports the quota that I set , thus Time Machine respects this limit .
You could do the same on a local drive for local users .
March 17 , 2008 , 22:29
Your snowman icon is the same as used by ssx , the has n’t - been - updated - in - years Mac soulseek client .
Care to explain the geneology ?
March 17 , 2008 , 22:48
Someone has already pointed out that Airport cards also have a MAC address .
Indeed , 802.11 devices are not technically 802.3 Ethernet , but most all applications , such as Airport , are bridged to it , and so must have a MAC address .
In the System Profiler , the Airport interface is listed as Ethernet device en1 ( or perhaps en0 on an Air ) .
The wired connector in many modern computers is merely one form of Ethernet known as 10BASE - T,100BASE -T or 1000 BASE - T depending on speed .
So , really , 802.11 is just yet another transport medium for Ethernet , like twisted pair cable , coaxial cable or one of the many others .
March 17 , 2008 , 23:01
Apple does indeed listen to feedback and does change interfaces for the better .
Saying they do n’t betrays one ’s inexperience with the history of the platform .
Criticism is fine and dandy but so is giving credit when it ’s due .
Have you used Mac OS X since the public beta ?
Or NeXTSTEP for that matter ?
Things have changed and things will improve yet again .
March 17 , 2008 , 23:03
My two largest beefs with Time Machine are both performance related .
The first is that , when Time Machine is running against anything other than a local volume attached to the system being backed up , it takes up so many CPU cycles that everything else slows down , sometimes to a crawl .
Not a big problem with desktop systems — you can just plug in the disk and leave it behind the desk — but very annoying for laptops : you have to unmount the drive ( potentially waking the machine first ) before you can unplug it , so you ca n’t just pick up the laptop and go .
You would think that the obvious solution would be network - attached storage , except that this is my second Time Machine problem .
At first , I had a 1TB disk attached to my server ( an Xserve , as it happens ) to use as backup .
This made the server so unstable that I had to undo it and go without client backups for a while .
When Apple started shipping Time Capsules , I decided to get one ( since I did n’t want to mess with using an unsupported disk attached to my existing Airport Extreme ) .
I followed Apple ’s advice , making it the main Airport base station , and had such a network performance bottleneck when backing up my four systems that I turned it off again .
( How bad ?
How about 10 % packet loss and average round trip ping times ( using ping -f - c 1000 ) of about 285 ms , with some packets taking over 1s ! )
In the meantime , the backups would generally crash out at some point due to lost network connectivity ( not a problem before installing the Time Capsule ) and often that would render the existing backup images unusable , meaning deleting the images manually and starting over .
Frankly , Time Machine and Time Capsule have really annoyed me , as a general rule .
If I had a better alternate solution than Retrospect , I ’d use it .
But the practical upshot right now is that my only real option for backup is to put a drive on each system , and each the $ 500 for the Time Capsule , using it as a base station .
Bleah .
Apple is usually better than this .
March 17 , 2008 , 23:03
And given Apple ’s past speed of improving the Spotlight UI , I wo n’t expect considerable improvements there before 2050 .
IIRC , Spotlight was introduced with Tiger .
The UI was vastly improved in the next version of the OS .
So , what about the “ past speed of improving the Spotlight UI ” ?
Did you expect it would happen in a bugfix release ?
And that ’s before I get into real bitching mode , my friends !
Let ’s say you have a hard drive and a single folder on that hard drive which you want to include in your backup .
If you naïvely assumed that this should be a ‘ super easy ’ single drag - and - drop operation in Apple ’s OS , you ’d be wrong .
As far as I can tell you are expected to add all other folders on the disk in question to the exclude list and of course update its state whenever you add another folder .
Excellent !
Have n’t all this made you realize that what you want to do is actually unsupported by Time Machine ?
You could reasonably complain about it not being supported , but you ca n’t complaint for the fact that it takes numerous steps to achieve something it clearly was n’t designed to do .
Strike the cause , not the symptom .
With Apple ’s personality being a bit too far on the self - consumed and narcissistic side to admit they shipped something less than ideal or – gasp !
– poorly designed , I would n’t hold my breath while waiting for them to improve things .
Really ?
IIRC , Apple just recently took back two design decisions of Leopard 10.5 on 10.5.1 and 10.5.2 .
Namely they added the option for a non-transparent Dock and they fixed the Stacks implementation ( folder view , etc ) .
So , there …
March 17 , 2008 , 23:58
Come on , the clock goes backwards because it ’s going back in time .
I think it works well .
Besides , the prettier a program is , the more someone will want to use it — something important when it comes to a backup program .
March 18 , 2008 , 0:37
I really wonder if there is a reason to make Time Machine backup FAT32 partitions ( e.g. Boot Camp ) — I really wonder why Apple decided to ignore these by default .
Perhaps it can be done via IncludeByPath ?
( which oddly is non empty on my system without me changing it … odd . )
I also think I saw a RootPaths ( do n’t remember the exact name ) pref being in a plist which by default only contained /.
On another note I wrote a tool for diffing Time Machine backups .
It can be used to see what actually changed between two snapshots .
It ’s just a few hundred lines of Ruby code .
Right now you ’ll need to change some of the variables directly inside the code .
I usually run it through TextMate .
I might add a nice command line interface with options in the future if there is interest , though .
It ’s available at http://flgr.0x42.net/tm_diff.rb — feedback very welcome .
March 18 , 2008 , 1:30
At the start of the article , it would have been a good idea to review backup from the perspective of what risks one needs to protect against .
A few are electrical surge , theft , vandalism , fire , wide - area disaster ( e.g. , flood ) , user error , hardware error .
Time Machine only protects against a few UNLESS the backup is moved offsite , but that defeats the always - on nature of it .
I run Time Machine , and it ’s great , but one still needs other forms of backup !
Basically , one has to rotate hard drives that are either clones or at least contain important user data , and keep one at least 10 miles away .
( I also echo what Jeff said about Time Capsule .
Horribly unreliable .
I sent mine back .
Still use Time Machine , though . )
— Marc
March 18 , 2008 , 1:44
Verified - the MAC address of a MacBook Air is used as the value of the com.apple.backupd.BackupMachineAddress xattr .
March 18 , 2008 , 1:44
“ Where word of mouth is n’t even that but just what I picked up from the garbage dump known as the internet . ”
Ha !
It ’s so rare to read an article that ’s technically insightful yet has that zest of personality that makes it an enjoyable read .
Well done good sir !
March 18 , 2008 , 2:49
“ e - mail of the last decade or two ”
A bit obsessive ?
Who needs their e-mail from a decade ago ?
March 18 , 2008 , 3:19
Whether or not the MAC address is a good choice for identifying a particular machine for Time Machine purposes , I ca n’t say .
What I can say is that the situation is not handled gracefully when one ’s MAC address changes .
The Apple Genii kindly replaced the logic board in my MacBook a few weeks ago , and when I brought it home and connected my external drive I was somewhat disconcerted to find that Time Machine no longer recognized that the backups on the external drive were from the computer I had just connected it to .
After a bit of googling , I found a relevant MacOSXHints thread [ 1 ] ( thank goodness ! ) and I was able to convince Time Machine to reclaim its progeny and pick - up where it had left off , so everything worked out fine …
But it was pretty disappointing .
On the customer - service end , I specifically told the Apple Genius pre-repair that my computer was backed - up via Time Machine , and they replaced my logic board and handed my computer back to me without a word about this little glitch .
On the Mac OS X end , it was somewhat distressing that Time Machine did not automatically figure this out on its own and , given that it did n’t , that there was no straightforward ( i.e. , non-command - line ) way to help it .
[ 1 ]
http://www.macosxhints.com/article.php?story=20080128003716101&query=time%2Bmachine%2Blogic%2Bboard%2Bchange
March 18 , 2008 , 4:01
I ’m going to be a bit redundant and second Ochs ’ comment , but add some context .
The Time Machine Menu Bar icon animates as it should — not because you are “ backing - up ” but instead you are arranging to go back in time .
Furthermore , you can tell that Time Machine Menu Bar icon works as it should if you look at the icon on the Time Machine pref panel ; you ’ll note that the Time Machine icon on the pref pane bears a very strong resemblance to that on the Menu bar ; the arrow head is pointed to go counter - clock wise and we can assume that , were the Time Machine pref pane icon also animated that the clock hands to would rotate counter - clock wise .
I think if your critique of the Time Machine UI was referenced to the Leopard HIG it would carry more weight .
But it ’s your blog for your opinions , HIG or no HIG .
Still , thanks for the post and know that I and others really appreciate the time and effort that went into explaining how Time Machine works .
Tchuß !
Jim
March 18 , 2008 , 4:15
My main takeaway from your description of Time Machine and your suggested technical improvements is that backup SW is hard to do .
On the technical level , I hope and expect that Apple will continue to improve TM , e.g. file renaming , encryption , FileVault , quotas , full restore , etc .
However , do n’t expect the UI to get much more complex .
A little , perhaps , but not much .
Remember , Apple ’s target customer is much different than you and your readers .
I , for one , think the TM metaphor and UI is brilliant .
Space - time has never been so easy .
For most customers , it perfectly conveys the backup and restore process .
And , as bad as you think the UI is , most will use TM precisely because the UI is so friendly and approachable .
On a side note , I do agree that saved searches should editable .
March 18 , 2008 , 4:24
Thanks for the thorough and pretty accurate write up ; I have a couple points that have n’t really been touched upon yet :
Time Machine does no integrity checking of backups as it runs , nor is there any easy way to do so offline .
As you said , it only uses file size and modification date when checking for changes , but due to the way it handles metadata , it makes it tough to compare things with a tool like mtree or other ad hoc integrity verification tools .
I discovered the hard way that I need something like this , when I had to do a full system restore after a botched 10.5.2 upgrade , and 2/3 of the Application directory had disappeared from several snapshots .
It was n’t a critical loss , but it was a serious annoyance .
Any backup system based on hard links is going to have problems with permission changes ( change the permissions or ownership on one version , they all change ) , and Time Machine just promotes these issues to the directory level .
Most damningly , Disk Utility / fsck_hfs seriously corrupted my Time Machine volume in the guise of repairing it .
I had 40 - something snapshots of the 80 GB or so of data on my MBP on a 500 GB USB drive , and after I discovered that the directory was too big for the newest version of DiskWarrior to repair ( worrisome in itself ) , I decided to proactively check the filesystem with Disk Utility instead .
After letting it run for five hours , it claimed to have fixed a bunch of files and directories with incorrect link counts and orphaned inodes .
What it actually did was corrupt a majority of the snapshots , replacing directories with empty inodes , and replacing owner and group information with more or less arbitrary IDs .
When I attempted to salvage the disk by deleting the corrupted snapshots , none of the disk space held by them was freed — even after I ran Disk Utility again .
At that point , I decided that trying to fix the existing backups was likely to lead to serious pain down the road , so I reformatted the disk and started over .
I was n’t happy about this .
I like Time Machine ( even its goofy UI appeals to me ) , and I think I ’m unusually hard on my computer and its operating system , but my faith in it to get me out of a jam is pretty low at this point .
I ’m going to keep using both Time Machine and SuperDuper , but I ’m also going to keep an eye on Retrospect X . Being able to reliably recover from a catastrophe is important to me .
March 18 , 2008 , 7:01
Great overview on some not - so - obvious gems in Time Machine .
Thank you so much .
Just one improvement : Apple ’s raw query syntax has some special words for relative dates .
You may greatly simplify your search for backup in the last 3600 seconds .
Use “ ‘_kTimeMachineOldestSnapshot > $ time.now ( -3600 ) ’ ” .
More examples at Apple : http://developer.apple.com/documentation/Carbon/Conceptual/SpotlightQuery/Concepts/QueryFormat.html
This allows for a smart search entry :)
March 18 , 2008 , 9:03
( A follow up comment to Martin Redington . )
‘ ln ’ wo n’t let you link directories , but ( as root ) ‘ link ’ almost certainly will .
It ’s always been possible , in all Unixes .
It ’s just that when you later fsck the filesystem , most will complain and clear the duplicates out because it ’s not a supported filesystem arrangement .
March 18 , 2008 , 12:58
Can you elaborate on what data dies once prethinning starts ?
Does never changed data that is still on the disk remain in the backup set after the initial backup is thinned ?
March 18 , 2008 , 13:55
Sven , nice job on the Time Machine review .
Overall , this was a job well done .
I just differ from your opinion in one area .
Specifically , I believe Apple made the correct choice by choosing to omit caches from backups .
Caches should be considered temporary and they are meant to be rebuilt .
Recreating the caches is the “ clean ” thing to do , expecially during a restore process .
Further , I ’m hard pressed to even think of a practical situation whereby temporarily not indexing application caches would have any real impact on Spotlight searches anyway .
Perhaps , if you had a practical example of how this would present a real problem , I would consider changing my opinion on this .
Otherwise , thanks for the Time Machine overview .
Nicely done !
March 18 , 2008 , 15:09
Quote : “ While the Finder will let you save elaborate search queries like this one as a ‘ smart folder ’ , it currently does n’t let you edit the query [ … ] ” .
You can edit the query by selecting the search in the sidebar and choosing “ Edit search criteria ” from the action menu .
March 18 , 2008 , 18:15
As of present , external USB drives hooked up to an Airport Extreme N station can not be used for time machine backups .
I ’d be interested o read your perspective on why this is so .
Is it a technical issue or a marketing issue ?
March 18 , 2008 , 19:03
@ Drew and Mo :
Obviously it never occurred to me that Apple could be hiding a standard format in there .
That makes me feel a lot more comfortable about Mail .
Thanks for the hint .
@ Andreas Fuchs :
I did n’t have sufficiently many spare drives to try a full restore .
So I could only restore files or folders one by one .
As mentioned in the text , this worked for me on my own files , but I would n’t want to deduce much from these tests as they were neither systematic nor done in large numbers .
Such testing is certainly a good thing to read up on .
@mattyohe :
Thanks for sharing that info .
Great to hear this works .
@Joshua Ochs :
I agree about the importance of getting people to use Time Machine to begin with .
And certainly one can discuss details of the implementation .
But the current approach with needlessly huge icons and buttons looks more like dumbing down to me , while the few settings you can do are unnecessarily hard to reach .
I guess we can agree that Apple could have done quite a bit better while aiming at people who never backed up before .
( Obviously ) I disagree with your assessment of the Time Machine menu bar icon .
Note that I do n’t disagree with the still icon for Time Machine .
Just with the fact that it rotates counter - clockwise while a backup is running .
How does that make sense ?
Particularly as the Finder displays arrows rotating clockwise next to the backup volume ’s icon in its sidebars to indicate the very same action ?
@jhn :
There ’s no genealogy I know of .
I have been using the ☃ glyph of hiragino for ages in the icon I use for myself on computer systems and web sites .
I did that for the looks and for being a Unicode aficionado .
No idea why that application is using the snowman as its icon .
March 18 , 2008 , 21:34
Excellent Review !
I especially agree on the PrefPane and the way you have to “ Exclude ” Files .
Here , i only want to Backup my “ Documents ” folder and nothing else because my external harddisk is pretty small .
In order to do this , Apple makes me jump through hoops by having to exclude about every other folder on my Harddisk .
Why ca n’t we simply also have the option to “ Only Backup ” these folders preferably via a drag - and - drop of the folder into the preference …
This is usually how a Mac works .
Lately , however things seem to change and a certain sluttishness is visible across the OS ( e.g. transparent menu bar ) .
Some days — depending on my mood , i have the feeling that Macs are now made for people soley running iTunes and iPhoto .
Ah well , the good old days …
March 18 , 2008 , 21:47
One annoying thing I notice about the exclusion list .
The list does n’t get updated if you rename an excluded volume .
I have a third drive that I use to store a bootable mirror copy of my main hard drive ( using SuperDuper ) .
I obviously want this drive excluded from Time Machine , but some time after excluding it , I renamed the volume .
The next time TM ran it tried to backup my ( previously excluded ) duplicate of my main drive .
As there was n’t room for it , TM had to remove all my previous backup states to fit the mirror .
March 18 , 2008 , 22:10
Can you please learn to identify products properly ?
There is no such thing as X.4 , X.5 , or X.5.2 .
They are 10.4 , 10.5 , and 10.5.2 .
Thanks !
March 19 , 2008 , 2:31
Am I the only one who thinks that this is a very poorly authored article ?
March 19 , 2008 , 5:03
Thanks for the review .
One item I ’m not clear on is the idea of deleting an unwanted file from the backup disk to free up some space .
I was working on a 8 GB video conversion project when TM started and backed up everything I was working on .
At the time this was desirable because I did n’t want to lose that 8 GB file ( which was the result of an overnight processing effort ) .
But after I was through with it I wanted it gone from the backups .
How does one accomplish this ?
March 19 , 2008 , 6:16
Small point : you absolutely can edit Smart Folder parameters .
After saving the folder , open it and click on the Options menu ( the gear ) .
You ’ll see a command called “ Show Search Criteria . ”
This pops the interface back onto the toolbar and allows you to make and save changes to the folder .
It ’s not quite the “ Edit ” button it should rightly have , but it ’s there nonetheless .
March 19 , 2008 , 7:35
@ Jeff Medcalf :
Indeed , there may be some performance issues with Time Machine as well .
On my setup with a USB backup drive I was tempted to blame that on less - than - optimal USB handling .
But perhaps your experiences suggest that there may be further problems .
@bananaranha :
1 . Yes , here have been some improvements to Spotlight in X.5 and its UI has changed .
From my POV I ’m not even sure those changes are improvements .
2 . If Apple took back two design decisions , they would have simply removed the transparent menu bar .
Instead , they introduced an additional preference , which is the coward Linuxy thing to do .
@ Marc Rochkind :
Yeah that totally deserves a discussion as well .
But this text is already a bit long as it is .
If you know any good discussions of the topic , please send links .
I suppose it ’s unrealistic to suppose home users will rotate media and use off - site backups , as desireable as that would be .
That ’s why I was hoping for better encryption and network support .
Perhaps most DSL lines do n’t have enough upstream bandwidth at this stage to support backups smoothly , but it certainly seems the way to go and Apple have never been shy to design their products in a way that they work fine on the fastest connections only .
@ Bondi :
Totally obsessive .
I kept the postcards as well .
@ George :
I have n’t stress tested Time Machine ’s thinning algorithms in tricky situations , but they seem to make sure that you do n’t lose any of your currently existing files from the backup , meaning that unchanged files will simply stick around .
@ Steve :
There are plenty of practical examples for the caches situation .
For example our UnicodeChecker application can add all Unicode codepoints to your Spotlight index if you are so inclined .
The files for indexing should be stored out of the user ’s sight and yet be inside the index .
The Caches / Metadata folders are the canonical place for them to live .
And thus you will lose those search results after doing a restore from Time Machine unless you make sure these files are recreated .
The same is true for many other applications ( eg Transmit , Safari Bookmarks and History , News Fire , Bibdesk , …) which you will have to launch at least once for their index files to be restored .
As stated in the text , I think that this is ultimately bad design of Spotlight , but Time Machine should have kept that in mind .
@ Dirk , S :
Thanks for pointing that out .
As a non-sidebar user I missed that ‘ feature ’ .
@swissfondue :
I have no idea about the technical side of wireless base stations and perhaps Apple ’s are n’t sophisticated enough to handle this .
But I ’m sure if Apple wanted to , they could have made this work by designing their base stations sufficiently capable to begin with .
March 19 , 2008 , 22:07
After thinking about it more , a file that has never changed still has hard links pointing to it ( or to some enclosing folder ) .
With one hard link , the file should be “ pinned ” and automatically safe from deletion .
I ’ve also written up my observations on Time Machine , see the web page link .
@ Duncan
any file or folders that are no longer wanted in the backup set can be purged from within the Time Machine user interface .
The secret command is in the “ action ” menu ( gear thing ) .
Just find the thing that you want to purge and delete it via the action menu .
Note that the space will be immediately recovered on a locally connected disk , but on a remote disk , nothing will appear to happen .
The sparsebundle will not shrink , but it will have white space created inside it that Time Machine can reuse .
March 20 , 2008 , 5:04
@ George
Thanks for the tip about deleting a file from a backup .
Unfortunately , when I tried it ( from the non-admin account that owned the original file ) , Time Machine presented a warning ( OK ) followed by an authorization panel ( admin account + password ) .
When I tried to enter an admin username and password , the panel would n’t allow any text input .
Everything else on my machine is pretty stock software , with minimal 3rd - party additions .
Any thoughts why the panel entry fails ?
March 20 , 2008 , 23:04
Tried from an Administrator account ?
Tried making the user an admin for a while ?
March 28 , 2008 , 4:08
Subject : Duplicating a whole machine ’s 160 Gb disk from a Time Machine backup
I just moved from an old iMac 20 ” running 10.5.2 to a new 24 ” two days ago .
Installing from an external backup disk worked smoothly : after choosing which backup to start from , 3.5 hours was the duration estimation , so I let it alone .
When I came back , I just connected the new machine to the twisted pair network and clicked on the Restart button .
Everything has run fine as before since .
Only thing I had to do was to redefine the screen saver ’s image and screen corners actions , and that ’s it !
April 3 , 2008 , 18:00
Jacques :
Thanks for sharing your experiences .
[ I think that your screensaver preferences are lost ‘ by design ’ rather than by accident .
At least they are stored in the ‘ By Host ’ folder of your Preferences folder which is attached to the machine ’s MAC address and thus wo n’t be used after moving to a different machine .
No idea why they think that ’s a good thing to do , though . ]
April 3 , 2008 , 22:23
@ Martin Redington :
Yeah , you seem to be right that the link count for folders does n’t take into account additional hard links to the folder while that for files does .
Any idea why that may be the case ?
Do utilities use this number to find out the number of files in a folder ?
@ Forrest L. Norvell / 2. :
Thanks for pointing out the issue with the permission change .
It seems that current Time Machine simply ignores changes to permissions if the file ’s size and modification date remain unchanged .
April 4 , 2008 , 1:17
Firstly , thanks very much for this detailed and helpful description of Time Machine ; I learned a lot .
Time Machine is a great concept that currently has a couple of notable shortcomings from my perspective ( I appreciate that there are others that you noted . )
(1) It does not run sufficiently in the background , which means that it bogs down a user trying to do work while Time Machine is running .
If Apple can not figure out a way to make TM really run in the background with throttled disk accesses , then I see a couple of workarounds :
( a) Only run TM backup when there has been no ( human ) user activity for , say , 5 min .
( b) Provide an option to only run TM overnight ; this will miss the hourly updates , but make the Mac usable .
Does anyone have any hacks to address this problem ; I doubt that Apple will address it soon , if ever .
(2) As you noted , TM only allows exclusion of files and folders .
I appreciate that many users only have one external drive , which is the TM destination , but some of us have two or more .
I have two external drives ; A and B. ( B is the TM destination . )
I have a few folders on A that I really want to back up with TM , and many files and folders that I do not .
This makes use of TM laborious and frustrating , and has to be re-done every time a new folder or file is added that does not need backing up .
It ought to be easy for Apple to allow specification of items to be included as well as excluded ; have they ever commented on this ?
Until they do , I have to continue using the old Backup utility , notwithstanding its flaws that you noted .
Best regards
June 5 , 2008 , 11:46
Kevin : try http://timesoftware.free.fr/timemachineeditor/
You can set it to back up at intervals of your choice .
You can also change the interval in Terminal .
If you google it , you ’ll get instructions .
June 14 , 2008 , 6:10
I just stumbled to this great article .
Can you comment on how Time Machine “ fold ” the hourly into a daily and from daily into weekly ?
Without “ folding ” , I would assume it just pick up one of the hourly ( maybe the latest of the day ) , rename it into daily , then purge the rest .
Let say that I was working on a document throughout the day , so that I have multiple revisions on the hourly snapshot .
Let ’s say for one reason or another , the file was deleted on the same day and there were a few more hourly snapshots taken after it was deleted .
Will I be able to recover this a few days later ?
February 18 , 2009 , 0:19
@ Aaron :
I never got round to running these long - time tests , so I only have assumptions to offer on that but no facts .
That ’s certainly a good question you bring up about the deleted files which one should know the answer to ( or stop deleting files … )
February 18 , 2009 , 0:45
thank you very much for this informative article
the number of com.apple.backupd.SnapshotCompletionDate are the microseconds since 1.1.1970 .
It ’s quite easy to retrieve the date in Objective-C :
NSTimeInterval snapshotCompletionInterval = 1246788798664224 ; NSDate * snapshotCompletionDate = [ NSDate dateWithTimeIntervalSince1970:snapshotCompletionInterval / 1000000 ] ; NSLog ( @ ” %@ ” , snapshotCompletionDate ) // —>
2009-07-05 12:13:18 +0200 ;
July 12 , 2009 , 10:40
just a simple thanks .
August 28 , 2009 , 5:17
Very nice in depth article …
I was wondering , is it possible to “ Talk to ” Time Machine PrefPane directly from the command line or through a cocoa app ?
It would be interesting to know so .
Cheers
September 25 , 2009 , 4:34
Time machine is a lifesaver .
I agree with many of the issues raised , however Time Machine should not be analyzed as a universal backup solution .
This is an emergency backup system .
Or small - file backup system , or system restore , email restore , document version restore , etc .
If you need backups of data ( images , video , music ) get a dedicated backup program .
TM ’s database system is limited by partition size ( sure you can slam together a huge partition in a JBOD raid , but not wise ) .
The database file system is not ‘ user - friendly ’ for direct access ( I learned the hard way how easy it is to ‘ bric ’ a time machine ) .
Furthermore , the TM partition should be attached and running with the system ( not the most archival backup strategy ) .
As for ‘ exclusion ’ — Let TM backup your system files .
If anyone has used MS restore / backup TM blows it away , and the star - trek UI is really a useful ‘ no - brainer ’ interface .
Even Spock would see the logic behind the simplicity .
My recommendation - Use a backup program ( I use deja vu from propagandaprod.com ) for the big stuff , and for disk cloning .
My deja vu backups are exact copies of partitions of Raw and Photoshop files .
I can easily copy files from the external backup into my macbook for portable editing .
Deja
Vu is my ‘ main ’ back up — TM takes care of everything else .
In two years , I ’ve never needed the Deja Vu backup - but Time Machine has saved the day several times .
The safety net alone is worth twice the price of the OS .
Kevin
December 16 , 2009 , 2:12
I do agree with many of the issues raised , however Time Machine should not be seen as a universal backup solution .
January 20 , 2010 , 13:40
Thanks for the great article .
You really present a systematic analysis of TM .
TM is so awesome and yet it is so close to being even more amazing .
It ’s feels like they could see the peak of the mountain and decided to stop and plant their flag just shy of the peak .
Lacking features : - Backing up to encrypted disk images -
The “ file vault ” mess - Friendly support of rotated or even just duplicate backup media ( why ca n’t it realize that i backup at work and home every day by itself !!
( I use marco polo and bash scripts to swap plist config files ) - Upgrade path for new backup disks / resized partitions
Ignore all of the complaints .
I think X.5 makes plenty of sense and is less redundant than OS X 10.6 .
It ’s like the car salesmen selling the “ O ” - ten model cars ( like “ O ” 7 , 08 , 09 ) .
January 27 , 2010 , 18:59
@rox0r :
You can ‘ hack ’ your way towards using encrypted disk images for the backup .
Works well for the drive I store at the office every day .
Could n’t agree more on your other points , though .
January 27 , 2010 , 19:08
Dankeschön , that was quite instructive .
I wonder if you are still interested in this topic , but I would like to find out :
What is an elegant way of deleting all the back - ups and start afresh ?
If I just delete a folder containing a dozen back - ups or so , it takes an hour or so to put in the trash and another hour to empty the trash .
( And believe me , my trash was not big enough to hold all of that anyway )
Is there a way to tell time machine - look , I really do n’t need all these backups anymore .
Get rid of this one , this one and this one .
( Like for example , I want to keep the first one , and then the last 3 ) - I would accept a script or tool to do that .
BTW - I ’ve replaced my hard drives in my iMac and MacBook Pro with SSD drives and both times ran a full restore from TimeMachine .
( Installed OS X from DVD until it offered me the full restore ) .
No problems whatsoever .
In the future , I want to be a bit more sophisticated and exclude the VM so I do n’t have to delete all the backups all the time - defeats the purpose , I guess .
September 21 , 2010 , 21:44
@mafux777 : I do n’t think there ’s a supported way to do what you have in mind .
As Apple built Time Machine to automatically delete some of the older backups , I guess they do n’t think you ’d need such a feature .
If you have only backups on your drive and want to get rid of all of them , you can use Disk Utility to re-format the drive .
That ’ll be much quicker .
September 22 , 2010 , 20:48
This would be a great review except for the author ’s sneeringly negative attitude .
Stuff like ( paraphrase ) “ the ‘ Time Machine ’ name appears in Myriad font which certainly does n’t belong in OS X ” and “ should n’t science fiction backgrounds remain in Linux distributions only ” and so on really detract from what would otherwise be a startlingly useful treasure trove of information .
Seriously , must the author criticize every picayune thing ?
January 11 , 2011 , 15:57
I came by your page when searching for app keys , thanks to you I could configure TimeMachine from the OpenDirectory to exclude some big VM files which resided on my mac .
I am wondering how you found out that TimeMachine uses these app keys ?
Is it possible to get a list of all available app keys which TimeMachine uses ?
January 13 , 2011 , 22:10
I cam across this page looking for something slightly different .
I have MBA with SSD so didnt want to put massive itunes library on the SSD to waste it so when it is “ docked ” at home it has a 2T USB drive attached called “ library ” .
I have a time capsule and the MBA backups over the home wifi to the time capsule .
In my itunes folder I made music , movies and TV shows symbolic links to the USB drive so it has the content but the itunes xml file and mobile apps folders etc are local .
Time Machine backup appears to only save the link file and not the content out at the USB drive .
If I click within time machine on the links you can see the reference from the tim machine backup folder revert back to the USB drive .
Is there any way to make time machine follow those three links out to the external USB drive and back up that content too ?
Thanks
August 2 , 2012 , 7:34
@james :
Yes , TimeMachine does not follow symlinks ( which is probably the right thing to do by design ) .
What should solve your problem is going to the Options sheet in Time Machine System Preferences .
There , your external volume is probably set to be excluded from backups .
Time Machine seems to do that by default for external volumes .
Try removing it from the list .
August 3 , 2012 , 8:25
I realize this is an older post but you seem to know a lot about Time Machine .
I ’m trying to restore a file folder from Time Machine but the folder in the results is grayed out .
When I look at the actual folder on my hard drive , it is also grayed out .
When I look at get info , I unlock it , but it wo n’t let me switch “ everyone ” to read / write .
When I look at other backup days for that same folder , it ’s grayed out going back to mid January .
Any idea what ’s going on ?
March 13 , 2018 , 18:25
Earth Editor ver2.8
Overview :
A simulation game that creates the Earth using various
dots on the field of gravity .
Genre : Earth simulation game
Controls :
Left click and right click
New Bug fix : smartphone + scroll
Select a pen type from the menu under the screen .
A tool selected with the right click will be controlled with right side of the mouse and vice versa .
Click the screen with a tool in order to add dots .
Be creative .
It 's up to you !
[ SAND ] Sand .
[ WATER ]
Flow water .
[ METEOR ]
Explode meteorite .
[ WALL ]
Dot - proof walls .
Sensitive to shock .
[ SEED ]
Cast seeds to grow trees .
[ SALT ]
Melting salt becomes the ocean .
[ FIRE ]
Burn things .
[ ICE ]
Ice is sensitive to shock .
[ CLOUD ]
Flow in the universe .
[ LAVA ]
Lava melts things .
[ OIL ]
Burn very well .
[ BOMB ]
Geographical features is shaved off .
[ CLONE ]
Clone tool .
Multiply an object by clicking over it .*
Adjust the size with PEN - S. [ BH ]
Black hole .
It creates gravity . [ WH ]
White hole .
It creates antigravity .
[ CLEAR ]
Delete dots .
[ SPEED ]
Adjust speed .
[ START / STOP ]
Start / Stop the time .
[ PEN ]
Selectable pen and dots styles .
rand - Random
zero -
No speed
shot - Determine the direction
line - Straight line [ PEN - S ]
Change the pen size . [ BG ] Background effect .
non - Hide
short - Short trajectory
long - Long trajectory
shade - Blur filter [ SAVE ]
Save temporary .
[ LOAD ]
Load temporary .
[ SIDE ]
Off screen settings
off - Disappear
on - Bounce
loop - Move opposite [ Reset ] Reset .
HTML5 JavaApplet
June 4 , 2008
Each American claim to moral authority becomes a foul excretion in light of U.S. complicity in Israel 's barbaric and illegal treatment of the Palestinians .
Washington deploys its superpower apparatus to smother dissent against its Middle East policy in Europe and elsewhere , leaving former president Jimmy Carter and Nobel laureate Desmond Tutu as lonely defenders of Palestinian human rights .
No change in American policy is on the horizon , as " the rot in America goes beyond this administration , and so does the rot in Israel . "
The " abomination , " as Desmond Tutu describes it , against 1.6 million people in Palestine shows the hypocrisy of American and Israeli pretenses to civilization .
" The Europeans seem to be quite satisfied acting as America 's puppet states . "
How would the civilized world react if 1.6 million people were kept imprisoned , denied access to food , clean water , sanitation facilities and electricity ?
If those people were also prevented from fleeing their oppression , would Americans and Europeans speak out in protest ?
If those aforesaid people lived in Gaza , and were oppressed by Israel , then the civilized world would say and do absolutely nothing .
Israel is the Untied States ' number one client state , and fear of American power has silenced everyone on earth who has the power to stop this atrocity .
While Tibet and Darfur are the subjects of selective cause celebre condemnation , there are almost no voices raised publicly on behalf of Palestinians , who live in danger of indiscriminate shelling and gunfire , whose homes are destroyed by Israeli tanks , and who are literally denied an exit from their hellish existence .
While they suffer , Israel continues to build settlements on what is rightfully Palestinian land .
It is not surprising that Washington takes no action against Israel , but silence from the rest of the world community is the most shocking aspect of this continued violation of human rights .
Former president Jimmy Carter and Nobel peace prize laureate Desmond Tutu are alone among world leaders who openly condemn the Israeli government and the complicit silence from other nations .
Gaza 's woes began in 2006 when its people voted for a government headed by Hamas , the Palestinian group that Israel and the U.S. did n't like .
The United States then demanded a blockade of Gaza and the rest of the so - called Quartet ( European Union , Russia , the United Nations ) went along .
Carter has revealed the ugly truth about this decision .
" The Quartet 's final document had been drafted in Washington in advance , and not a line was changed . "
" Former president Jimmy Carter and Nobel peace prize laureate Desmond Tutu are alone among world leaders who openly condemn the Israeli government . "
Carter called the blockade that has imprisoned more than 1 million people a " human rights crime . "
He has called on the other Quartet members to break with the United States and end the blockade and he has tried in vain to encourage the Europeans to oppose American policy .
" Why not ?
They 're not our vassals .
They occupy an equal position with the U.S. "
Apparently Carter has given Europeans more credit than they give themselves .
They seem to be quite satisfied acting as America 's puppet states .
Archbishop Desmond Tutu has joined Carter in calling for international action to end Gaza 's suffering .
He recently led a United Nations Human Rights Council delegation to Gaza specifically to investigate the 2006 killings of 19 members of a Palestinian family whose homes were destroyed by Israeli rocket fire in the town of Beit Hanoun .
The Israeli government made no pretense of showing Tutu the respect that he receives everywhere else on earth .
The government refused to grant him and the other members of his party entry into Israel , and they were forced to enter Gaza through Egypt .
Tutu 's conclusions about the situation in Gaza were inescapable and obvious .
Yet the words may seem odd to American ears , who never hear a discouraging word about their government or Israel's .
" This is not something you want to wish on your worst enemy , " said Tutu .
He called the situation in Gaza " abominable " and condemned the " silent complicity " of the world community .
He called the killings at Beit Hanoun a " massacre " and in a diplomatic understatement said that Israel 's explanations of the killings " fell short of accountability . "
" Gazans have nothing to look forward to except more suffering . "
The situation in Gaza is of course a result of America 's support of Israel .
In the past that support was at least tacitly criticized by the world community , but now shows signs of being accepted in much the same way that all of America 's aggression has become accepted .
America is feared like a bully on the playground and European nations have decided to be quiet and let Bush have his way .
Jimmy Carter said they should not be " supine " but they are , and so they acquiesce , living in denial and inertia while running out the clock until January 2009 in hopes of getting a better deal .
They wo n't .
The rot in America goes beyond this administration , and so does the rot in Israel .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert may be forced to resign because he has been caught taking bribes from a rich American .
United States foreign policy will not change with a new administration .
Only Jimmy Carter and Desmond Tutu will have anything to say about the crime being committed in Gaza , but neither of them are in power , so their words wo n't matter at all .
Gazans have nothing to look forward to except more suffering , more Beit Hanouns and more silence from the rest of the world .
Margaret Kimberley 's Freedom Rider column appears weekly in BAR .
Ms. Kimberley lives in New York City , and can be reached via e-Mail at Margaret .
Kimberley ( at) BlackAgandaReport.Com .
Ms. Kimberley maintains an edifying and frequently updated blog at freedomrider.blogspot.com .
More of her work is also available at her Black Agenda Report archive page .
Copyright Black Agenda Report
Hi. Welcome to Lazlow.com
I ’m Lazlow .
You might remember me from public service videos such as “ Life is a Bowl of Cigarettes ” and “ Vanity Plates Make Me Hate You ” and “ Molly Gives Her Family Molly . ”
Or from my radio feature Lazlow ’s Technofile , which was syndicated worldwide , The Lazlow Show which aired on K - Rock New York and Sirius XM Satellite Radio , and my previous work on and appearance in the Grand Theft Auto series of games .
I began my career working as a Content Creator in pizza , as well as in the Nutriment Arts where I excelled in Dynamic Culinary Grill Management at Sonic , in which I exceeded expectations at making Cherry Vanilla Dr. Peppers and delivering food to drunk people ’s cars .
I soon abandoned the apron and entered the world of radio , where the pay is equally bad but you get to party backstage at concerts .
Following that , I formed a production company and provided creative services for advertising agencies , TV and radio networks , and produced some stellar answering machine and hold messages .
In 2001 I began working in video games , contributing to a large number of titles including Grand Theft Auto and Red Dead Redemption .
Currently I ’m providing writing , producing and directing services for clients and working on a reboot of The Lazlow Show .
I ’m also writing a book set in Costa Rica , as heatstroke , alcohol poisoning and venomous insects and reptiles is a perfect analogy for our modern age .
Need creative production work , voiceover , writing , or tips on working a soda fountain while hungover ?
Send me a message !
More work stuff is on my LinkedIn
My photography and random nonsense can be seen on Instagram
Thanks for stopping by !
Lazlow
Paul Waldman at The Sanctuary ( crossposted at DailyKos )
If your only source of news is cable during prime time , you might be among those who believe that the U.S. government and American society are groaning under the weight of undocumented immigrants .
You might believe that there is a terrifying crime wave attributable to illegal immigration .
You might believe that undocumented immigrants feast on a cornucopia of social services , while avoiding paying taxes .
You might also believe that they are voting illegally in large numbers , and that they bring with them all sorts of diseases .
You might also believe that there are secret plans afoot to give away American sovereignty , as the United States joins with Canada and Mexico in a North American Union similar to the European Union .
You might even believe that there is an enormous " NAFTA Superhighway , " running all the way from Mexico City to Toronto , in the works as we speak .
David says
The federal government is secretly negotiating an agreement to revamp international copyright laws which could make the information on Canadian iPods , laptop computers or other personal electronic devices illegal and greatly increase the difficulty of travelling with such devices .
The deal would create a international regulator that could turn border guards and other public security personnel into copyright police .
The security officials would be charged with checking laptops , iPods and even cellular phones for content that " infringes " on copyright laws , such as ripped CDs and movies .
The guards would also be responsible for determining what is infringing content and what is not .
Canadians , time to write your MP !
This was on the front page of the daily tabloid in Vancouver , so hopefully Jim Prentice will be forced to actually consult the public before he sells us all up the river .
Adobe 's popular AIR runtime is gaining more and more fans , and with that , far more applications than ever that cover a broad spectrum of tools .
From fun applications that let you order pizza from your desktop to applications that let you track your investments online and off , the entire spectrum is out there , and this guide should help you find at least one or two that fit your life .
Financial and Productivity
Agile Agenda -
Helps with project management , letting you schedule and assign tasks , assigning priorities and more .
Google Calendar RSS Invoice Creator -
If you use Google Calendar to track your work on projects , you can use this app to parse your RSS feed and create invoices for your time to send to your clients .
Klok -
A tool for freelance workers to manage their billable hours to clients .
Also gives you tools for visualizing what you spend the majority of your time on , managing your projects and more .
NASDAQ Market Reply -
A powerful tool allowing you to look over the history of any security and study its trends .
Portfolio Viewer - View multiple investment portfolios , and you can view them offline as all information is stored locally .
StockQ - Start streaming stock prices to your desktop without having to belong to any other sites .
Set refresh intervals from 1 sec to 5 minutes , you have complete control .
Wicked Stickies ! -
Make post - it - like stickers where you can put down notes to help with your GTD activities , even set them with an expiration date so they wo n't clutter up your desk .
Microblogging & Lifestreaming
Alert Thingy - Lets you receive updates from FriendFeed , post images to Flickr and send & receive Twitter updates .
Posty - Allows you to post to Jaiku , Pownce , Tumblr and Twitter .
Pownce -
As opposed to all of the Twitter apps from third parties , Pownce comes from the mothership itself .
Send and receive updates to the service from your desktop .
Snitter - A
Twitter client with auto - refresh , audio cues of new messages , easy integration of replies and more .
Spaz -
An open source Twitter client with multiple themes and user - defined CSS .
Tumbleweed - An AIR app for posting to your Tumblr blog .
Lots of extra features like posting whatever images you have on your clipboard for easier photo adding .
Tweetr -
Allows you to follow Twitter , take pictures with your webcam and has a drag - and - drop interface for file transfers to your friends .
Twhirl - Arguably the most popular way to access Twitter outside of the site itself .
Auto refreshes , cross-posts to Jaiku & Pownce , sends files up to 10 mb in size and a whole lot more .
Miscellaneous
CL Desktop -
A lot of people love craigslist , but it is n't always the most user - friendly site to browse .
This AIR app helps make it more visual and easier to navigate .
DiggTop -
Check out the current top stories on Digg in one handy interface .
EarthBrowser - Browse the planet to check out the weather , current earthquake data , import and export KML files and more .
eBayDesktop - A cleaner , more concise way to browse and shop eBay all from one interface window .
Google Analytics -
All of the features you 've come to expect from Google Analytics plus the ability to access multiple accounts from one interface .
Pizza Hut Shortcut - Now US residents can order your favorite pizza from Pizza Hut right on your computer desktop .
Make sure to check out our Pizza Hut Shortcut review .
ReadAir -
An application allowing you to read your Google Reader articles outside of the browser .
Though it has a distinct Mac OS X feel , it will also work in Windows .
Music
AOL Top 100 Videos - Easy access to the most popular music videos in AOL 's music area right from your own desktop .
Finetune - Gives you access to your Finetune profile , playlists from the site and allows you to start building with information from your iTunes .
MuxMaster -
Though it has lost its ability to download from MuxTape , this is a great way to browse and listen your favorite MuxTapes .
Also interesting to see this is built without the use of an API .
Pandora Desktop - Gives you the ability to control the Pandora music discovery service from your desktop .
You can also check out our own Paul Glazowski's full review of the Pandora desktop beta for more information .
Photos & Video
Flump - Short for " Flickr Dump " , this app will download all the public photos from a Flickr account .
FotoBooth -
Take pictures with your webcam , apply filters and directly upload them to your Flickr account .
mooFlair - Lets you search multiple video sites such as YouTube and Metacafe , create playlists from them , and if you need to watch them offline , you can download them to your local system .
Snoto Photo - A browser for your Flickr photos with slideshows and more .
Ubuket -
Allows you to use your Ubuket account locally , still mixing media from sites like Flickr , Photobucket , YouTube and more to create your playlists .
Joseph Pevney , a film and television director who directed some of the most popular episodes of the original “ Star Trek ” TV series in the late 1960s , has died .
He was 96 .
Pevney , a former Broadway actor who played supporting roles in several notable films noir in the late 1940s before directing movies such as “ Man of a Thousand Faces ” and “ Tammy and the Bachelor , ” died May 18 of age - related causes at his home in Palm Desert , said his wife , Margo .
Focusing on television from the early 1960s to the mid-1980s , when he retired , Pevney directed episodes of numerous series such as “ Wagon Train , ” “ The Munsters , ” “ The Fugitive , ” “ Bonanza , ” “ 12 O’Clock High , ” “ The Virginian , ” “ Adam - 12 , ” “ Marcus Welby , M.D. , ” “ Emergency , ” “ The Incredible Hulk , ” “ Fantasy Island , ” “ Medical Center ” and “ Trapper John , M.D. ”
But “ Star Trek , ” the classic science - fiction series that ran on NBC from 1966 to 1969 , was Pevney ’s most enduring television credit as a director and made him a familiar name to Trekkers .
Advertisement
As has been noted on “ Star Trek ” fan sites since his death , Pevney directed 14 episodes of the original series , tying with the late Marc Daniels as the credited director of the most episodes .
Pevney directed some of the top fan - favorite episodes , including “ The City on the Edge of Forever , ” “ Amok Time , ” “ The Trouble With Tribbles ” and “ Journey to Babel . ”
“ The first half of the second year of the show , when he was alternating with Marc Daniels , is regarded as the best part of the series , ” said Jeff Bond , author of “ The Music of Star Trek ” and editor of the magazine Geek Monthly .
“ That ’s when it hit its stride .
There was more humor , it was more adventurous , and the tone , I think , was lighter . ”
Bond said Pevney directed “ the first real comedy episode of the series , ‘ The Trouble With Tribbles , ’ which was a complete , all - out comedy about the ship sort of getting infested with a bunch of furry creatures .
And he certainly worked on some of the strongest dramatic episodes . ”
Advertisement
“ The City on the Edge of Forever , ” from a script by Harlan Ellison and guest - starring Joan Collins , “ is considered to be the best episode of the original series , ” Bond said .
George Takei , who played Sulu on the series , recalled Pevney as being “ very organized and authoritarian ” as a director .
“ He was very precise in what he wanted , ” Takei told The Times , “ but he was very relaxed -- in fact , jovial -- in the way he directed .
I enjoyed working with him . ”
Pevney ’s son , Jay , said his father “ loved the series and enjoyed working with the actors and being part of the beginning of it .
He was surprised at the longevity of it because it was not a popular series at the time ; it hit its real popularity [ in syndication ] after it was over . ”
Advertisement
Born Sept. 15 , 1911 , in New York City , Pevney launched his more than 60 - year show - business career in 1924 as a boy soprano in vaudeville .
After becoming an actor , he appeared on Broadway in the 1930s and ‘ 40s in plays such as “ Battle Hymn , ” “ The World We Make , ” “ Native Son ” and “ Home of the Brave . ”
During World War II , he served in the Army Signal Corps and staged revues for troops in Europe .
After the war , Pevney was part of actor Paul Muni ’s “ Key Largo ” troupe when he arrived in Los Angeles .
He made his film debut as the piano - playing killer in the 1946 film noir “ Nocturne , ” starring George Raft .
Advertisement
“ Joe ’s acting career when he came to Hollywood was confined exclusively to noir , ” said Alan K. Rode , a film noir expert who interviewed Pevney several times .
“ He carved out a kind of temporary niche of being the sidekick . ”
Pevney appeared in “ Thieves ’ Highway , ” “ The Street With No Name ” and “ Body and Soul , ” the classic boxing film in which he played John Garfield ’s feisty pal Shorty Polaski .
“ Joe told me he was more cut out to be a director rather than an actor , ” Rode said .
“ He liked staging and working with actors . ”
Pevney made his debut as a movie director with “ Shakedown , ” a 1950 film noir with Howard Duff , Brian Donlevy and Lawrence Tierney .
Advertisement
“ He made a cameo appearance at the end of the film , and that was the last time he appeared on the big screen , ” Rode said .
Pevney went on to direct more than 35 movies , most of them in the 1950s , including “ Meet Danny Wilson , ” starring Frank Sinatra and Shelley Winters ; “ 3 Ring Circus , ” starring Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis ; “ Female on the Beach , ” starring Joan Crawford and Jeff Chandler ; and “ Twilight for the Gods , ” starring Rock Hudson and Cyd Charisse .
At his peak at Universal - International in 1957 , Pevney had three movies open simultaneously in Los Angeles theaters : “ Man of a Thousand Faces , ” a biographical drama about silent film star Lon Chaney , starring James Cagney ; “ Tammy and the Bachelor , ” a comedy - romance starring Debbie Reynolds ; and “ The Midnight Story , ” a crime - drama starring Tony Curtis .
Pevney retired in 1985 and moved to Palm Desert several years later .
Advertisement
His first wife , actress Mitzi Green , died in 1969 ; his second wife , Philippa , died in 1996 ; and his son , David , died in 1998 .
In addition to Margo , his wife of six years , and his son Jay , Pevney is survived by his daughter , Jan Pevney Holt ; his son , Joel ; two grandchildren ; and three great - grandchildren .
At his request , no services will be held .
--
Advertisement
dennis.mclellan@latimes.com
We 've already seen some rudimentary Wii homebrew channel support , but this latest video released by homebrew developer Bushing steps things up considerably , with it turning what was once a curiosity into something that quite a few non -homebrew dabbling folks will likely be eager to get their hands on .
As you can see after the break , the channel looks to be about as straightforward as can be , and it apparently includes built - in support for loading ELF and DOL homebrew executables via USBGecko and TCP / IP , in addition to support for loading 'em off SD cards .
Sadly , there 's no word on a release just yet , but we can't imagine it being kept under wraps for too much longer .
[ Via DCEmu , thanks Craig ]
If this is your first time visiting National Terror Alert you may want to subscribe to our RSS feed .
The National terror Alert feed features breaking news , alerts and bulletins on demand and it's free of charge ..
You will only see this message on your first visit to the site .
Thanks for visiting !
A fake bomb that was investigated Monday by law enforcement was the fifth in a string of fake bombs left at military recruitment centers , the FBI said .
A package that was designed to look like a bomb , which was left in front of an Army - Navy recruitment center with German words printed on it , was the fourth reported case of similar packages planted , FBI agents said .
Previous packages had “ Die Weisse Rose ” written on them , which is German for “ The White Rose ” a name of a historic anti-Hitler group that operated during World War II , FBI agents said .
Each of the five hoax bombs was left in front of some type of military recruitment center over the last year with most bearing the phrase “ Die Weisse Rose , ” FBI agents said .
State police closed down a city block for several hours Monday while investigating the fake bomb , police said .
There is a combined $ 20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the individuals involved .
Is eToro better than AvaTrade ?
Over the past 5 months , we tested the top 30 forex brokers , and these two kept coming to the top of the list .
But which is better ?
From our evaluation , eToro comes out on top in 2020 because of its industry - leading copy - trading features for the more than 1,900 instruments they offer ( including cryptocurrencies and CFDs ) .
For all its strengths , eToro is on the pricier side .
All trading involves risk .
More than 70 % of investors lose money in Forex and CFD trading .
As these complex instruments allow for the use of leverage , there is a high risk of losing more money than you have deposited .
Before attempting to participate in spread bets and CFDs , consider how well you understand them and if you can afford to lose your money .
High Bonuses , Now With Low Spreads !
Free Social Trading and Low Fees
Overall Rating
Feature AvaTrade eToro Overall ⭐️⭐️⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ ​ AvaTrade Review eToro Review ​ 71 % of retail CFD accounts lose money 66 % of retail CFD accounts lose money
Regulation
Feature AvaTrade eToro Trust Score 93 91 Year Founded 2006 2007 Publicly Traded ( Listed ) 🚫 🚫 Bank 🚫 🚫 Tier - 1 Licenses 2 2 Tier - 2 Licenses 1 1 Tier - 3 Licenses 0 0 Authorized in the European Union ✅ ✅
All trading involves risk .
More than 70 % of investors lose money in Forex and CFD trading .
As these complex instruments allow for the use of leverage , there is a high risk of losing more money than you have deposited .
Before attempting to participate in spread bets and CFDs , consider how well you understand them and if you can afford to lose your money .
Tier - 1 Licenses
Feature AvaTrade eToro ASIC Authorized ( Australia ) ✅ ✅ IIROC Authorized ( Canada ) ✅ 🚫 SFC Authorized ( Hong Kong ) 🚫 🚫 FSA Authorized ( Japan ) ✅ 🚫 MAS Authorized ( Singapore ) 🚫 🚫 FINMA Authorized ( Switzerland ) 🚫 🚫 FCA Authorized ( UK ) 🚫 ✅ CFTC Registered ( USA ) 🚫 🚫
Investments
Feature AvaTrade eToro Forex : Spot Trading ✅ ✅ Social Trading / Copy - Trading ✅ ✅ Currency Pairs ( Total Forex pairs ) 60 47 CFDs – Total Offered 681 1980 Cryptocurrency traded as actual 🚫 ✅ Cryptocurrency traded as CFD ✅ ✅ Offering of Investments ⭐️⭐️⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐ ️ Winner ​ ✅
Cost
Feature AvaTrade eToro Average Spread EUR / USD – Standard 0.92 ( as of Mar 2020 ) 3 ( Mar 2020 ) All - in Cost EUR / USD – Active 0.62 ( Mar 2020 ) N/ A Active Trader or VIP Discounts ✅ ✅ Commissions & Fees ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐ ️ Winner ​ ✅
Funding
Feature AvaTrade eToro Minimum Initial Deposit $ 100 $ 200 Bank Wire ( Deposit / Withdraw ) ✅ ✅ Visa / Mastercard ( Credit / Debit ) ✅ ✅ PayPal ( Deposit / Withdraw ) ✅ ✅ Skrill ( Deposit / Withdraw ) ✅ ✅
Trading Platforms
Feature AvaTrade eToro Proprietary Platform ✅ ✅ Desktop Platform ( Windows ) ✅ 🚫 Web Platform ✅ ✅ Social Trading / Copy - Trading ✅ ✅ MetaTrader 4 ( MT4 ) ✅ 🚫 MetaTrader 5 ( MT5 ) ​✅ ​🚫 cTrader 🚫 🚫
Feature AvaTrade eToro Virtual Trading ( Demo ) ✅ ✅ Alerts – Basic Fields ✅ ✅ Watchlists – Total Fields 0 6 Charting – Indicators / Studies ( Total ) 23 66 Charting – Drawing Tools ( Total ) 31 13 Charting – Trade From Chart ​✅ ​🚫 Charting – Drawings Autosave ​✅ ✅ Order Type – Trailing Stop ​✅ ​✅ Platform & Tools ⭐️⭐️⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐ ️
Winner ​✅ ​
Mobile Trading
Feature AvaTrade eToro Android App ✅ ✅ Apple iOS App ✅ ✅ Trading – Forex ✅ ✅ Trading – CFDs ✅ ✅ Alerts – Basic Fields 🚫 🚫 Watch List 🚫 ✅ Watch List Syncing 🚫 ✅ Charting – Indicators / Studies 93 5 Charting – Draw Trend Lines ​🚫 ​🚫 Charting – Trend Lines Moveable ​✅ 🚫 Charting – Multiple Time Frames ✅ ​✅ Charting – Drawings Autosave 🚫 🚫 Forex Calendar 🚫 🚫 Mobile Trading ⭐️⭐️⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐ ️ Winner ​ ✅
Research
Feature AvaTrade eToro Daily Market Commentary ✅ ✅ Forex News ( Top - Tier Sources ) 🚫 🚫 Weekly Webinars 🚫 ​🚫 AutoChartist ✅ 🚫 Trading Central ( Recognia ) 🚫 🚫 Delkos Research 🚫 🚫 Social Sentiment – Currency Pairs 🚫 ✅ Economic Calendar ✅ ✅ Research ⭐️⭐️⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐ ️ Winner ​ ✅
Education
Feature AvaTrade eToro Has Education – Forex ✅ ✅ Has Education – CFDs 🚫 🚫 Client Webinars 🚫 ✅ Client Webinars ( Archived ) ✅ 🚫 Videos – Beginner Trading Videos ✅ ✅ Videos – Advanced Trading Videos ✅ ✅ Investor Dictionary ( Glossary ) ✅ ✅ Education ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐ ️ Winner ​ ✅
Major Forex Pairs
Feature AvaTrade eToro GBP / USD ✅ ✅ USD / JPY ✅ ✅ EUR / USD ✅ ✅ USD / CHF ✅ ✅ USD / CAD ✅ ✅ NZD / USD ✅ ✅ AUD / USD ✅ ✅
Overall
Feature AvaTrade eToro AvaTrade Review eToro Review Overall ⭐️⭐️⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Winner ​ ✅
Side - by - side comparisons of forex brokers is not a simple task to perform .
Preparing for this annual broker review took hundreds of hours of research , testing , and direct communication with each of the 30 brokers .
Lowest Priced Broker
While this seems like it should be an easy question to answer , it is n’t .
Forex and CFD brokers are notoriously vague about the details of their fees and pricing structures .
To gauge the real costs , we opened the same series of positions at both brokers and compared the total fees charged .
In our comparison , AvaTrade came out the winner with lower overall pricing for traders .
Safest Broker
Without question , the most important question when choosing a broker is the safety of your funds .
At Business24 , we accessed 21 international regulator databases to track each CFD and forex broker .
Would you like to know what we found out ?
e Toro holds 2 global Tier - 1 licenses , while AvaTrade holds 3 .
eToro holds 1 global Tier - 2 licenses , while AvaTrade holds 3 .
When the quality of each regulator is considered and averaged together , eToro earns a Reliability Score of 91 % while AvaTrade earns a Reliability Score of 93 % .
Best Trading Platform
This is another difficult question to answer , as there are so many factors to consider when comparing trading platforms .
But across the three main areas of mobile apps , research capabilities , and trading tools , eToro provides a better experience each time .
That means , based on our evaluation , that eToro has a better trading platform .
However , if you are a trader who requires the use of MetaTrader 4 because of your trading style or other factors , then AvaTrade is the better broker for you .
eToro does not offer MetaTrader 4 .
Copy Trading
Both AvaTrade and eToro offer social trading for both forex and CFDs .
Most Complete Offering
The answer to this question depends on your trading focus and style .
eToro offers 47 currency pairs ( e.g. , USD / EUR ) , compared to AvaTrade ’s 60 currency pairs .
So , if you focus on trading the largest number of currency pairs possible , then AvaTrade is your best option .
However , AvaTrade only offers 681 CFDs , while eToro provides access to over 1,980 CFDs .
That means you have nearly 1,300 more CFD possibilities with eToro !
Verdict
Based on our research , evaluation , and testing , eToro is the better forex broker .
Will Smith saved a drowning puppy while out jogging in California , according to reports .
The actor came to the rescue when he heard three young boys screaming for help during his run .
When they explained that their cocker spaniel was trapped in weeds after jumping in a canal to fetch a stick , the actor waded into the water and pulled the dog free .
As the boys hugged him , he reportedly told them : " Next time you play fetch , play it on the grass . "
> Ten Things You Never Knew About Will Smith
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
NAIROBI ( Reuters ) - Tanzania ’s President Jakaya Kikwete has condemned witchdoctors who kill albinos and harvest their body parts in the hope it will bring prosperity .
Tanzania 's President Jakaya Kikwete , the newly elected chairman of the African Union , speaks to the media at the main conference hall of the 10th African Union in Ethiopia 's capital Addis Ababa January 31 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Antony Njuguna
He said 19 albinos had been murdered since March 2007 , and another two were missing presumed dead in the east African country .
“ Sometimes , word spreads around that body parts of people with certain physical attributes like bald people or albinos contribute greatly to attaining quick prosperity , ” Kikwete said in a monthly state of the nation speech late on Wednesday .
“ These killings are shameful and distressing to our society , ” he added .
Albinos are often accused in Tanzania of being witches themselves .
There are an estimated 270,000 people who suffer from the condition which stops them producing pigment in their skin , hair and eyes in the country of 39 million .
Kikwete blamed charlatan witchdoctors , many masquerading as traditional healers , for extracting body parts such as genitals , tongues and breasts .
“ Many of the witchcraft killings happen because of a false belief that by using other peoples ’ body parts they can succeed in business or in activities like mining or fishing , ” Kikwete said .
Most killings took place in the Victoria region and were committed by gangs for hire , he said .
( Reporting by George Obulutsa ; Editing by Giles Elgood )
About The Author Carlos is a geek , flash addicted and is the founder of The Tech Labs , a site that regularly publishes Flash Tutorials , Flex Tutorials and AIR Tutorials .
You can … More about Carlos Pinho …
50 Beautiful Flash Websites
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Flash enabled designers and developers to deliver rich content over the browsers , creating motion , interactivity and an impressive visual experience .
Good Flash - sites do not require too much bandwidth , load fast and allow for a smooth interaction ; besides , beautiful Flash - based sites are Photoshop masterpieces , transporting some kind of reality and fantasy to the Flash movie .
In the showcase below we present 50 colorful , creative , interactive and beautiful Flash - based web - sites .
Hopefully they will serve you as an inspiration for your future works or just entertain you on a lousy , boring Sunday .
You might also want to visit the following articles :
Drinks Sites
Martini Asti
This Martini site is a nice example of giving a fresh image of a drink .
The navigation is made simple , the graphics have superior quality , it loads fast and runs smoothly .
What else does a Flash site need ?
Note due to the law on alcoholic drinks , you need to enter an e-mail address , a password of your choice and accept their terms .
Glacéau - Vitaminwater
The vitamin water site is full of motion and small details like the top menu , with a colored wave effect , the mouse movement , the masks effects and swirls which make it great .
Bacardi - Original Mojito ( currently offline )
The motion graphics and the water effects in slow motion give a unique style to this site .
A fresh site , with a colored menu with a drag option , makes it functional and simple .
Note : due to the law on alcoholic drinks , you need to enter an e-mail address , a password of your choice and accept their terms .
Portfolios
v5 Design Beautiful landscape with some nice details such us the sun and butterflies .
The old paper effect when opening from the menu , and the mask effect over the green plants give it a special touch .
Sensisoft The Sensisoft site offers a nice interaction for users .
The vortex effect while changing from path , the motion graphics in the background , the high quality and details of the graphics make it a great design agency site .
Mauricio Guimarães Portfolio Mauricio portfolio is a good example of creativity .
Instead of the ordinary menu , he uses a kind of parallax movieclip , where the user must interact with the stage to explore the site .
Colorchakra - Portfolio of Srinath Rangamani
A colored background with high quality graphics .
Magnivate Interactive Boutique Agency A nice animated site .
One particular feature on this site is that you need to set a character to explore the site .
e-Content Solutions
This studio portfolio starts with a nice and unusual preloader , a kind of puzzle which interacts on mouse rollover .
Another kind of interaction is user ’s ability to explode the balloons .
Ari´s Labs .
The Digital Home of Graphic Designer Ari Hirvonen
The high quality of motion graphics , conception and the functional layout makes this site a good example of what a Flash portfolio should look like .
Edwin Murat Ganter Portfolio
A simple and creative layout .
Not common , but still practical and easy to use .
Vegaone Color effects and 3D layout on this site are remarkable .
However , it could be improved with some motion graphics and page transition effects .
Infinit Colours
This site gives the user the option to change the background between beautiful high quality designs .
The menu is also a creative alternative to deliver some interactivity .
Infographiste Indépendant Another creative portfolio , full of interactivity and motion graphics .
The background image is great .
Sonacom A great Generative
Art example which requires the user to interact with the stage .
CloudRaker
On this site you can use the character to move along .
The graphic element is great and the concept it unusual .
Prismgirl A great creative portfolio , using an unusual layout .
Agence Secondlife
At a first glance this site needs the user to interact with it in order to move forward .
Rather than the graphics quality , this site creates a 3D globe , full of color which is a creative option to move around the site .
Digaworks Corporation
Zign Marketing Digital
Mon-Monde
Elipse Agency
Matt Wiggins Portfolio
Lilia Planet
Ladio
Insurance
Privado Seguros ( currently offline )
The Privado Seguros site has wonderful graphics , with many rich details .
A good example to get inspired from .
Let Your Worries Go Another parallax site , with beautiful graphics , with funny interactions like dragging the characters – each of them represents one specific topic .
Projects
Sometimes designers and developers create awesome works , but these works never go online , because the client has n’t chosen them .
The following projects are great examples which will inspire you for sure on your future projects .
Imagine Air - Flash Site School project
Project : Coca -Cola Light - Tastes of the World
Saizenmedia - Keepersgame
On Toyota ’s mind
Games or Games Related
Get the Glass
This site is a 3D board game , with animated characters , full of action .
The graphics , animations , concept are all awesome .
the living dead need to piddle
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Large Binocular Telescope Achieves First Binocular Light Astronomers hail the first views with twin giant mirrors as a milestone for science .
By Lori Stiles , University Communications
The Large Binocular Telescope on Mount Graham , Ariz. , has taken celestial images using its twin side - by - side , 8.4 - meter ( 27.6 foot ) primary mirrors together , achieving first " binocular " light .
U.S. , Italian and German partners in the telescope , known as the LBT , are releasing the images today .
First binocular light is a milestone not only for the LBTâ now the world 's most powerful telescope â  but for astronomy itself , the partners say .
The University of Arizona owns a quarter of the telescope 's observing time .
The first binocular light images show three false - color renditions of the spiral galaxy NGC 2770 .
The galaxy is 102 million light years from our Milky Way , a relatively close neighbor .
The galaxy has a flat disk of stars and glowing gas tipped slightly toward our line of sight .
The first image combines ultraviolet and green light and emphasizes the clumpy regions of newly formed hot stars in the spiral arms .
The second image combines two deep red colors to highlight the smoother distribution of older , cooler stars .
The third image is a composite of ultraviolet , green and deep red light and shows the detailed structure of hot , moderate and cool stars in the galaxy .
The cameras and images were produced by the Large Binocular Camera team , led by Emanuele Giallongo at the Rome Astrophysical Observatory .
The LBT has a light - collecting area equivalent to a single 11.8 - meter ( 39 - foot ) surface and will combine light to produce the image sharpness equivalent to a single 22.8 - meter ( 75 - foot ) telescope .
It is located on 10,480 - foot Mount Graham in southeastern Arizona .
" To have a fully functioning binocular telescope is not only a time for celebration here at LBT , but also for the entire astronomy community , " UA Steward Observatory Director , Regents ' Professor and LBT Corp.
President Peter A. Strittmatter said .
" The images that this telescope will produce will be like none seen before .
The power and clarity of this machine is in a class of its own .
It will provide unmatched ability to peer into history , seeing the birth of the universe . "
Regents ' Professor and Steward Observatory Mirror Lab Director Roger Angel was one of the UA astronomers who conceived the basic idea for the LBT in the early 1980s .
The UA Mirror Lab , world - renowned for pioneering mirror technologies , cast the LBT mirrors in its giant rotating furnace and polished them by a unique stressed - lap technique to virtual perfection .
Angel was involved earlier in UA research that is developing adaptive optics technologies for giant telescopes , technologies that defeat atmospheric turbulence .
" The LBT gives me the most satisfaction of any astronomy project I 've worked on , because it is very revolutionary , and because it has given Arizona the largest and the best telescope in the world , " Angel said .
" When all the pieces are in place , the LBT will take images sharper than any other telescope .
I think it 's the most likely telescope to take the first pictures of planets around other stars because of the unique advanced technologies used to build it . "
International cooperation that saw the project through to completion " is remarkable , " said John P. Schaefer , chairman of the LBT Corp. board of directors and member of the Research Corp. board of directors .
" The LBT project was once just an idea , and now it is the world 's most advanced telescope , made possible by international collaboration of over 15 institutions .
The completion of this one - of - a- kind instrument reflects what can happen when people come together and work towards a common goal . "
LBT Director Richard Green said , " The amount of time and work that was put into this project to reach the point where we are today is immense .
We have gone through challenging moments , but to see the telescope operational with both mirrors is a great feeling .
Everyone who has worked on this , at all levels , is enormously proud of what has been accomplished . "
Project builders moved the Italian - built telescope structure to Mount Graham in 2002 and moved the first mirror to the mountain in 2003 .
LBT staff mounted and aligned the first primary mirror in the telescope in 2004 , and the second primary in 2005 .
Rome Observatory delivered a first panoramic ( 36 - megapixel ) CCD camera to achieve first , single - mirror LBT light in October 2005 .
The camera team delivered the panoramic camera for the second mirror in November 2007 .
The LBT is a collaborative effort that includes numerous astronomy and academic institutions .
The partners and their ownership interest include :
UA ( 25 percent ) , Astronomers from Arizona State University in Tempe and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff also share Arizona 's LBT observing time .
Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica , or INAF ( 25 percent ) .
LBT Beteiligungsgesellschaft , or LBTB ( 25 percent ) .
Ohio State University ( 12.5 percent ) .
Research Corporation ( 12.5 percent ) .
The corporation facilitated participation of Ohio State University , the University of Notre Dame , the University of Minnesota and the University of Virginia in the LBT project .
VIEW FIRST BINOCULAR LIGHT IMAGES
http://uanews.org/system/files/images/NGC2770_0VU.jpg
This is the first of three LBT first binocular light images taken Jan. 11 and Jan. 12 .
It shows a false - color rendition of the spiral galaxy NGC 2770 .
This image combines ultraviolet and green light , which enhances the clumpy regions of newly formed hot stars in the spiral arms .
( Credit : Large Binocular Camera team , Rome Observatory )
http://uanews.org/system/files/images/NGC2770_YI0.jpg
This is the second of three LBT first binocular light images taken Jan. 11 and Jan. 12 .
It shows a false - color rendition of the spiral galaxy NGC 2770 .
This image combines deep red colors to highlight the smoother distribution of older , cooler stars .
( Credit : Large Binocular Camera team , Rome Observatory )
http://uanews.org/system/files/images/NGC2770_YVU.jpg
This is the third of three LBT first binocular light images taken Jan. 11 and 12 .
It shows a false - color rendition of the spiral galaxy NGC 2770 .
This image is a composite of ultraviolet , green and deep red light and enhances the detailed structure of hot , moderate and cool stars in the galaxy .
( Credit : Large Binocular Camera team , Rome Observatory )
This is one of three images of galaxy NGC 2770 taken with the Large Binocular Telescope on Mount Graham , Ariz . , in January .
The telescope used both giant primary mirrors in tandem for this picture of the spiral galaxy , which is 102 million light years beyond our Milky Way .
The picture combines ultraviolet , green and deep red light to reveal detailed structure in the galaxy 's hot , moderate and cool stars .
1 of 2
This is one of three images of galaxy NGC 2770 taken with the Large Binocular Telescope on Mount Graham , Ariz . , in January .
The telescope used both giant primary mirrors in tandem for this picture of the spiral galaxy , which is 102 million light years beyond our Milky Way .
The picture combines two deep red colors to highlight the distribution of older , cooler stars .
2 of 2 Previous Next
Share
Like seven candidates before him , Sen. Christopher J. Dodd made the pilgrimage to Google on Monday in what has become a rite of passage in this presidential campaign .
But the longtime Connecticut senator and long - shot presidential candidate brought something a little different : a challenge to the powerful Internet company to protect free expression around the globe .
Dodd , who has struggled to stand out in the crowded Democratic field , called on Google to defy the Chinese government and stop censoring information in Web searches there .
“ What better way to affirm Google ’s commitment to democracy and the free flow of information as a human right than to send this message to the country with the largest population in the world ? ”
Dodd asked a crowd of about 100 Google employees .
“ When Google acts , others follow . ”
Dodd is one of several presidential candidates visiting California in a flurry of public appearances and fundraising events before the final weeks of campaigning in Iowa and New Hampshire .
Voting in those states will start shortly after New Year ’s ; California ’s presidential primary will be held Feb .
5 .
In Los Angeles , Illinois Sen. Barack Obama offered 5,000 supporters at a Universal City fundraiser a stiff repudiation of the Bush administration .
“ We were promised a compassionate conservative and we got Katrina and wiretaps , ” he said .
“ We were promised a uniter but got a president who could n’t even lead the half of the country that voted for him . ”
Obama also appeared to chide his chief competitor for the Democratic nomination , New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton .
“ I do n’t want to spend the next four years having the same arguments with the same lack of results , ” he said .
Earlier , New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , a Democrat , used a Los Angeles conference on green technology to tout his plan for energy independence .
Richardson vowed that as president he would lower carbon emissions by 80 % by 2040 , significantly earlier than other candidates have pledged .
He also jocularly saluted former Vice President Al Gore , whose lifelong advocacy on the subject of global warming resulted in his receipt Monday of the Nobel Peace Prize .
“ Al Gore ’s been right for years , ” Richardson told several hundred gathered at the GreenXchange conference in Century City .
“ I just hope he does n’t get into the race .
I think it ’s a little too late . ”
Dodd , 63 , is making his first run for president after serving 26 years in the Senate .
For the campaign , he has moved his family to Iowa and enrolled his 6 - year - old daughter in kindergarten there -- temporarily giving Iowa three senators and Connecticut one .
So far , however , he barely registers in presidential opinion polls .
In campaign appearances , he stresses his experience as a senator , as a Peace Corp volunteer and as a member of the National Guard and Army Reserve .
He makes quips about his white hair and earlier released a commercial showing him answering questions in a mock interview with a white hare sitting nearby .
The senator acknowledged that he made a mistake in voting in 2002 to authorize the Iraq war .
“ I ’d love to have that vote back , ” he told the Google audience .
Addressing the World Affairs Council in San Francisco on Sunday , Dodd called for an end to the use of torture and a return to the rule of law .
He cited his own family background :
His late father , Thomas Dodd , was a prosecutor at the Nuremberg war crimes trials after World War II before serving two terms in the Senate .
The candidate , who recently published a book of letters that his father sent home from Nuremberg , said the postwar trials established a precedent of international justice and gave the United States the moral high ground .
Today , he said , the U.S. is better known for abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq and at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba .
He maintained that the United States needs a leader with experience and cites President Bush as evidence .
“ We elected a president with limited ability and experience in these areas , and we paid an awful price for that , ” he told reporters before his speech in San Francisco .
At Google , where Democratic and Republican candidates alike have come to court the Internet moguls , Dodd pushed the company to take a strong stand for free expression and use its leverage with China .
Last year , Google established the Google.cn search engine in China .
Unlike Google.com , it limits searches for certain words .
When Chinese users search the site for a subject that has been censored , they get a disclosure notice saying the information is not available because of local laws .
Adam Kovecavich , a spokesman for Google , said the company wrestled with the question but ultimately decided that working with the Chinese government was the best course .
“ This is one of the most difficult issues we face as a company , ” he said .
“ When it comes to operating in other countries , we prefer engagement over estrangement and making available as much information as possible . ”
Dodd , in his speech at the Googleplex , argued that the company should threaten to withdraw from China entirely if it is not allowed to provide uncensored searches .
He called on Google to “ expand free expression , reject business with repressive states , and protect users in those countries . ”
“ That is how the Internet can be part of something greater than ourselves , ” he said , “ and spread democratic principles around the world . ”
richard.paddock@latimes.com
cathleen.decker@latimes.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Piers Newbery
BBC Sport at Wimbledon
Second seed Rafael Nadal kept his Wimbledon campaign on track with victory over German veteran Nicolas Kiefer in the third round .
The French Open champion , seeking a first title at the All England Club , was pushed hard in the first set before coming through 7 - 6 ( 7 - 3 ) 6 - 2 6 - 3 .
In the last 16 he will face Mikhail Youzhny , who beat Radek Stepanek .
Britain's Andy Murray is a potential quarter - final opponent for the brilliant Spaniard .
Kiefer , 30 , provided a stern test for the world number two early on , serving well and forcing a tie - break before Nadal stepped up a gear on his fearsome forehand .
The German struggled to keep pace after that and he handed over a break at the start of the second set with two forehand errors .
Nadal , 22 , found the form that took him to his first grass - court title at Queen 's two weeks ago as he powered on .
Kiefer 's only hope was the gathering darkness but , despite dropping serve late on , the Spaniard was not about to be held up overnight and won in two hours 21 minutes .
At the end of the day , I do what I love , what I enjoy , and that 's the most important thing
Rainer Schuettler " Kiefer is a difficult opponent on every surface but especially here on a faster surface , " Nadal told BBC Sport .
" He 's an aggressive player with a good serve , good volleys , but I played a very good tie - break and then played well after that . "
On another late evening finish in SW19 , Croatia 's Marin Cilic beat Frenchman Paul - Henri Mathieu 6 - 7 ( 5 - 7 ) 6 - 3 6 - 4 7 - 6 ( 8 - 6 ) on Court 11 , with the match finishing at 2125 BST .
And at the same time there was even more drama on Court Two , where Radek Stepanek fell heavily when two points from defeat against Mikhail Youzhny and required treatment .
Despite the near total darkness , play resumed to allow Youzhny to wrap up a 7 - 5 6 - 7 ( 5 - 7 ) 6 - 4 6 - 7 ( 4 - 7 ) 6 - 3 victory at 2130 BST .
Janko Tipsarevic continued his fine form with a straight - sets victory over 25th seed Dmitry Tursunov .
606 : DEBATE
I think murray is playing well enough to get past gasquet and give nadal more than a good game
vidic4ever
The unseeded Serb who beat Andy Roddick in the second round , won 7 - 6 ( 7 - 1 ) 7 - 6 ( 7 - 3 ) 6 - 4 to reach the last 16 .
Fierce service games led to tie - breaks in the first two sets , and a Tursunov double fault helped Tipsarevic win the opener on Court Two .
An ace sealed the second and Tipsarevic held off a Tursunov fightback to take the third with another ace - his 13th .
Tipsarevic , 24 , said : " I am proud of myself because I managed to do something which I usually do n't , which is beat a big name and then continue playing with the same intensity and have comfortable win in the next round . "
The world number 40 now faces Germany 's Rainer Schuettler , who beat Guillermo Garcia - Lopez of Spain 6 - 2 6 - 3 6 - 4 .
Schuettler , 32 , once ranked as high as world number five but currently down at 94 , is the oldest man left in the draw .
An Australian Open finalist in 2003 , he beat ninth seed James Blake in five sets to reach the third round and has now matched his best run at Wimbledon five years ago .
Asked if he had considering retirement following his fall down the rankings due to injury and illness , Schuettler said : " Yes , a couple of times .
" I had glandular fever and because I 'm was desperate to play again , I did n't give myself time to recover .
" There were times when I really thought maybe I should look for something else .
But , at the end of the day , I do what I love , what I enjoy , and that 's the most important thing . "
Arnaud Clement triumphed in another battle between unseeded players , with the Frenchman beating Austria 's Jurgen Melzer 4 - 6 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 4 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Yves Saint Laurent was a major name in 20th Century fashion Yves Saint Laurent , considered by many as the greatest fashion designer of the 20th Century , has died in Paris at the age of 71 .
Saint Laurent changed the face of the fashion industry when he became chief designer of the House of Dior at 21 .
He designed clothes that reflected women 's changing role in society : more confident personally , sexually and in the work - place .
He retired from haute couture in 2002 and had been ill for some time .
Saint Laurent died on Sunday evening in the French capital , the Pierre - Berge - Saint Laurent Foundation announced .
Pierre Berge , the designer 's former business and personal partner , said he had died at his home after a long illness .
He did not give details .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy paid tribute to Saint Laurent 's " creative genius " .
' I draw on woman ' " I found my style through women , " Saint Laurent once said .
He was a libertarian , an anarchist and he threw bombs at the legs of society
Pierre Berge
Yves Saint Laurent 's former partner
Obit : Synonymous with elegance YSL : Life in pictures " That 's where its strength and vitality comes from because I draw on the body of a woman . "
He changed forever what women wear , introducing trouser suits , safari jackets and sweaters , BBC arts correspondent Razia Iqbal says .
Saint Laurent was a great innovator , helping to revitalise haute couture while making ready - to - wear design popular .
The editor of British Vogue , Alexandra Shulman , said he had helped democratise fashion : " Before that people had small salons for rich people .
" Saint Laurent brought it to the people .
" He was young and groovy .
Pop stars were hanging out with him and younger generations related to him . "
' Devastating ' news President Sarkozy said the designer had been " the first to elevate haute couture to the rank of art and that gave him global influence " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Yves Saint Laurent infused his label with his creative genius , elegant and refined personality ... because he was convinced that beauty was a necessary luxury for all men and all women , " he added .
Speaking on French radio , Pierre Berge said his former partner had empowered women .
" In this sense he was a libertarian , an anarchist and he threw bombs at the legs of society , " he said .
" That 's how he transformed society and that 's how he transformed women . "
Famous French embroiderer Francois Lesage , who worked 40 years with the designer , said he was " devastated " by news of his death .
" I have never known a designer who would give so much thought to something when it was proposed to him , " he told French TV .
" It is a great grief for me . "
Life of ill - health Born in the Algerian city of Oran at a time when the North African country was a French colony , he had a precocious talent .
HAVE YOUR SAY
What an absolutely exquisite designer , his fashions will be long remembered Julie , Atlanta , USA In quotes : Tributes pour in His first collection caused a sensation with its gently flared dresses and jackets that set the mould for 1950s fashion .
Within three years , Dior had died and Yves St Laurent had taken his place .
He took the world by storm with his trouser suits , highly coloured ethnic prints and designs inspired by the art world .
Taunted as a schoolboy because of his homosexuality , Yves St Laurent suffered mental and physical ill health for much of his life and he appeared in public only rarely .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
McClellan would be skeptical of White House on Iran RAW STORY
Published : Thursday May 29 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan told MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann in his first prime time interview since the release of his book , What Happened : Inside the Bush White House and What 's Wrong with Washington , that he was disillusioned by his realization of his role in the White House 's outing of CIA agent Valerie Plame .
The President 's admission of responsibility for the leak during a trip on Air Force One , McClellan said , was the turning point .
He further said that he wanted to know what happened to the man that promised to " restore honor and integrity in the White House . "
" When I went to work for the President , I had all this great hope , like a lot of people , that he was going to come to Washington and change Washington as he had governed in Texas , " he continued .
McClellan put his faith , like many Americans , in the President and the foreign policy team after 9/11 .
" Did you lie , as White House press secretary , at any point ? "
Olbermann asked .
" I did when it came to the issue of the Valerie Plame leak episode , when I unknowingly did so .
I passed along false information .
I 'd been given assurances by Karl Rove and Scooter Libby that they were not involved in the leak .
And it turned out later that they were , but they both unequivocally told me , when I asked them , ' Were you involved in this in any way ? ' they said no . "
McClellan went on to say that the 9/11 attacks were used to further a " broad view " of what would become the War on Terror , with Iraq being incorporated as part of such a view .
9/11 was seemingly as much of an opportunity as it was a disaster , McClellan insinuated , for members of the Bush administration , including Defense Secretary Rumsfeld , to fulfill desires they may even have had before 9/11 .
" What happened was that the intelligence was packaged together in a way to make it sound more ominous , and more grave , and more urgent , than it really was . "
" Coercive democracy , " McClellan went on , was part of the Bush administration 's strategy in the Middle East .
On the selling of the war , the Bush administration was perhaps zealous , but did n't actively lie , McClellan opined .
" I do n't think that that this was some deliberate , conscious effort to go and mislead the American people , " he said , " but it was part of this ' permanent campaign ' mentality that existed in Washington too often today ( sic ) , and it was taken from other policies and brought into the issue of war and peace , where it becomes especially problematic and especially troubling . "
" This White House , " McClellan went on , " was too secretive , or has been too secretive - - too compartmentalized -- and ... you know , too willing to embrace the unsavory political tactics that are at the heart of the excesses of the ' permanent campaign . ' "
" They are still in this permanent campaign mode , " McClellan added , on being questioned on whether or not the White House is making preparations to invade Iran .
" They have n't backed away from that .
I can't speak specifically to what the intent is in some of the people 's heads there .
I think that our options are certainly limited with all of our commitments right now , but I hope that when people look and read this book , that they will learn some of the lessons from Iraq and that we wo n't make some of the mistakes that we 've made elsewhere . "
" So knowing what you know , " Olbermann inquired , " if Dana Perino starts making noises similar to what you heard from Ari Fleischer in 2002 and other members of the cabinet , you would be suspicious ? "
" I would be , " McClellan said .
" I think that you would need to take the comments seriously and be skeptical . "
The entire interview , as aired on May 29 , 2008 on MSNBC 's Countdown with Keith Olbermann , is available to view in five parts below :
by Scott Keeter , Director Survey Research , Juliana Menasce Horowitz , Reasearch Associate and Alec Tyson , Research Assistant , Pew Research Center for the People & the Press
Trends in the opinions of America ’s youngest voters are often a barometer of shifting political winds .
And that appears to be the case in 2008 .
The current generation of young voters , who came of age during the George W. Bush years , is leading the way in giving the Democrats a wide advantage in party identification , just as the previous generation of young people who grew up in the Reagan years — Generation X — fueled the Republican surge of the mid-1990’s .
In surveys conducted between October 2007 and March 2008 , 58 % of voters under age 30 identified or leaned toward the Democratic Party , compared with 33 % who identified or leaned toward the GOP .
The Democratic Party ’s current lead in party identification among young voters has more than doubled since the 2004 campaign , from 11 points to 25 points .
In fact , the Democrats ’ advantage among the young is now so broad - based that younger men as well as younger women favor the Democrats over the GOP — making their age category the only one in the electorate in which men are significantly more inclined to self - identify as Democrats rather than as Republicans .
Use the interactive tool to track generational differences in party affiliation over time .
While more women voters in every age group affiliate with the Democratic Party rather than the GOP , the gap is particularly striking among young women voters ; more than twice as many women voters under age 30 identify with or lean toward the Democratic Party as favor the Republican Party ( 63 % vs. 28 % ) .
This analysis is part of a series of reports on changes in the balance of party identification in the electorate .
On March 20 , the Center released breakdown of trends in party identification in Republican “ red ” states , Democratic “ blue ” states , and politically contested swing states .
1
A Shift Since 2004
Since 2004 , identification with the Democratic Party has increased across all age groups .
Four years ago , 47 % of all voters identified with or leaned toward the Democratic Party , while 44 % identified with or leaned toward the GOP .
In surveys from October through March , Democrats held a 13 - point party identification advantage ( 51 % to 38 % ) .
Perhaps the most striking change since 2004 has come among voters born between 1956 and 1976 — the members of Generation X and the later Baby Boomers .
People in this age group tended to be more Republican during the 1990s , and the GOP still maintained a slight edge in partisan affiliation among Gen X and the late boomers in 2004 ( 47 % identified with or leaned toward the GOP while 44 % described themselves as Democrats or leaned Democratic ) .
Currently , 51 % of voters in this age group affiliate with the Democratic Party or lean Democratic compared with 39 % who describe themselves as Republicans or lean toward the GOP .
Thus voters in Gen X and the latter part of the Baby Boom — the most Republican age cohort four years ago — now are about as Democratic as are older age groups , the early Baby Boomers and the so - called Silent Generation .
Still , the youngest voters — the members of Generation Y , born in 1977 or later — continue to stand out as the most Democratic age group .
The Democrats ’ identification advantage among Gen Y voters , which was 13 points in 2004 ( 52 % to 39 % ) has nearly doubled in the current presidential campaign to 24 points .
1992 : When Gen X Came of Age
The Democratic Party has not always held an edge among the young .
In 1992 , young voters divided their partisan loyalties roughly evenly ( 46 % Democratic , 47 % Republican ) .
By 1996 , young voters were more Democratic than Republican , and the Democratic advantage increased slightly in 2000 and 2004 .
Age differences in party affiliation are a result of a variety of influences , including the circumstances of individuals at different points in the life cycle as well as generational differences that reflect the political climate at the time when individuals were forming their political identity and loyalties .
As the data from 1992 clearly show , young people are not necessarily more liberal or Democratic by virtue of their age alone .
The youngest voters in 1992 — the members of Generation X — were more Republican than most other age groups , in part reflecting the fact that they had come of age politically during a time in which conservative ideas were ascendant and the presidency was held by a popular Republican , Ronald Reagan .
In addition , those in the latter half of the Baby Boom generation , who were in their late 20s to mid-30s in 1992 , also were more Republican than average ; many of these individuals developed their political leanings in the late 1970s , during the troubled presidency of Jimmy Carter .
By contrast , older Baby Boomers , who came of age politically during the turbulent and unpopular presidency of Richard Nixon , were more Democratic than most other age groups .
Among older Americans in 1992 , most of those then in their 50s — also known as the “ Silent ” generation — had come of age during the Eisenhower administration .
Those ages 60 and older reached adulthood during the Democratic presidencies of Harry Truman and Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Much of this generation is known as the “ Greatest Generation , ” in honor of the sacrifices many made during World War II .
Gender and Young Voters
Since 1992 , the Democratic Party has had a sizable advantage in partisan affiliation among women .
But women voters now identify with the Democratic Party in greater numbers than in the past — and the trend is particularly dramatic among younger women voters .
Fully 56 % of women identify with or lean toward the Democratic Party , compared with 33 % who identify or lean toward the GOP .
Since 2004 , the Democrats ’ lead in party affiliation among women has doubled ( from 11 points to 22 points ) .
The overall gender gap in party affiliation has not increased since 2004 , as male voters have also become somewhat more Democratic .
Currently , the Democrats hold a slight 46 % - 43 % edge among men voters ; in 2004 , somewhat more male voters were affiliated with or leaned toward the Republican Party than the Democratic Party ( by 48 % to 43 % ) .
As is the case among all women voters , the Democratic advantage among young female voters has almost doubled since 2004 .
Four years ago , just over half of women under age 30 identified as Democrats ( 54 % ) and 36 % identified as Republicans , an 18 - point advantage .
Today , Democrats hold a 35 - point advantage , with more than six - in - ten women in this age group calling themselves Democrats ( 63 % ) and just 28 % calling themselves Republicans .
The balance of party identification has also shifted dramatically among men ages 18 - 29 .
The Democratic Party now holds a 14 - point advantage among this group ( 52 % vs. 38 % ) .
This is a reversal from 1992 , when 52 % of men under age 30 called themselves Republicans and 42 % called themselves Democrats .
The gender gap in party affiliation among young voters has remained relatively stable since the 1992 election cycle and is consistent with the gap seen in the electorate as a whole .
Comparing Younger & Older Voters
More broadly , many of the demographic patterns evident in party identification among older voters also are seen in voters under age 30 .
For example , comparably large proportions of African Americans and liberals — whether ages 30 and older , or younger than age 30 — identify as Democrats .
In addition , roughly six - in - ten conservatives and white evangelical Protestants in both the older and younger age groups identify with the GOP .
However , there are notable differences by region in party affiliation between younger and older voters .
For instance , young voters in the Midwest are almost twice as likely to identify with or lean toward the Democratic Party rather than the Republican Party ( 61% - 32 % ) .
Among voters ages 30 and older in the Midwest , the Democrats hold a much narrower lead ( 49 % to 39 % ) .
In the South , by contrast , there are smaller differences between older and younger voters .
In addition , higher proportions of voters under age 30 living in urban and suburban areas affiliate with the Democratic Party , compared with voters ages 30 and older in those communities .
By contrast , there are virtually no age differences in party identification among young and older voters in rural areas .
The Democratic Party also holds a much greater advantage among younger voters with some college education than among voters ages 30 and older with some college .
However , it is important to note that younger people with some college are fundamentally different from older people of similar education level .
Among the younger group , “ some college , ” includes many who are still in college .
Among the older age groups , those with some college are likely to be people who started but never finished college .
Danny Dougherty , Jocelyn Kiley , Juliana Horowitz , Michael Dimock , Alec Tyson and Richard Auxier helped with conceptualization and production of the interactive feature .
The graphic with 20th century presidents was inspired by Bill Marsh of the New York Times .
Notes
1 See “ Fewer Voters Identify as Republicans , ” March 20 , 2008 .
Illustration by David Simonds
FOR years Muhammad Yunus reigned as the public face of microfinance .
It seemed only right when , in 2006 , the Bangladeshi economist cum social entrepreneur and his Grameen Bank shared the Nobel peace prize for a micro-lending revolution that has helped millions to earn their own way out of poverty .
Yet for the past year or so , microfinance has had another public face , one that troubles people like Mr Yunus .
CompartamosBanco argues that the best way for microfinance to help the poor is for it to make a socking great profit .
Since Compartamos listed its shares for over $ 1 billion in April 2007 , it has stirred up an increasingly fierce debate .
To Mr Yunus and its other critics , the Mexican bank is no better than an old - fashioned loan shark , earning its huge profits by charging poor borrowers a usurious interest rate of at least 79 % a year .
Perhaps sensing opinion turning against it , the bank has belatedly sprung to its own defence , issuing a defiant justification of its business in an 11 - page “ letter to our peers ” .
And it manages to make a convincing case for its strategy of fighting poverty with profits .
Shares and sharing out
Compartamos was born out of the same social concern that inspired Mr Yunus .
It uses a similar group - lending model to Grameen's .
It says its mission has not changed , but it has become convinced that by pursuing profits it will be able to provide financial services to many more poor people far more quickly than it would if it had continued to act as a charity .
Microfinance , especially lending to microentrepreneurs with no collateral , is labour - intensive and costly — in Compartamos 's case , around $ 152 a year per client , with an average loan of $ 450 .
By charging an interest rate that generates a profit , the bank can grow fast and provide many more “ micro- entrepreneurs ” with the finance they need , even at interest rates that by the standards of rich countries seem unacceptably high .
The bank now has over 900,000 clients , and expects to reach over 1 m this year , up from the 61,000 it had in 2000 , after a decade as a traditional non-profit outfit .
None of these new borrowers was compelled to come to its doors .
Compartamos also argues that its profits will build a microfinance industry .
The more it earns , the more attractive microfinance will seem to investors , and the more capital will flow in .
And the evidence supports this apparently self - serving claim : since Compartamos started to pursue profit , seven new regulated microfinance providers have begun to compete with it in Mexico , many of them financed by profit - seeking capitalists .
Greater scale and competition are driving down interest rates — in Compartamos 's case , from 115 % seven years ago .
Even Mr Yunus has recently started to make the case for a more self - sustaining “ social business ” model , though his “ non-loss , non- dividend company ” is hardly as hungry as Compartamos .
Profiting from the poor can be wrong , when lending is predatory — when the lender expects that the borrower will be unable to pay the interest or repay the principal .
Compartamos does not target the poorest of the poor : it argues they would be better served by benefits such as income support from the state .
It reports low default rates and high customer satisfaction .
As for exploiting the ignorance of some borrowers , Compartamos says it is committed to transparency on interest rates and other charges .
Since going public , it has offered financial literacy courses — some 60,000 of its clients went on one last year .
If only those rich - country banks which touted subprime mortgages to the poor had been as public - spirited .
Climate change is expected to exacerbate drought events throughout the world , resulting in large - scale ecosystem alteration and failure of drought - sensitive crops .
In addition , periods of drought vary from year to year in severity and length , making it difficult for plants to adapt to more severe conditions .
Many modern varieties of potatoes are considered to be drought - sensitive .
However , evolution and cultivation in the cold , dry Andean Altiplano gave rise to a number of potato varieties that could tolerate drought .
Scientists are studying these varieties to identify the genes and molecular mechanisms of drought tolerance in order to engineer new drought - resistant crops of potato , as well as other Solanaceous vegetables .
Dr. Roland Schafleitner and his colleagues , Raymundo Oscar Gutierrez Rosales , Luz Rosalina Tincopa Marca , and Merideth Bonierbale , are examining the genes for drought tolerance traits in several native Andean potato landraces .
Dr. Schafleitner , of the Germplasm Enhancement and Crop Improvement Division , International Potato Center in Peru , will be presenting this work at a symposium on the Biology of Solanaceous Species at the annual meeting of the American Society of Plant Biologists in Mérida , Mexico ( June 29 , 8:30 AM ) .
From tiny dark blue tubers to huge tan bakers , potatoes come in an astonishing variety of colors and sizes , reflecting their genetic variety as well as their long history of cultivation .
Potato was first domesticated in the Peruvian Andes over 7,000 years ago and was carried to Europe in the late 16th century , becoming such an important food source that a failure in the crop caused by blight in Ireland triggered a famine .
It is a member of the Solanaceae or nightshade family , which also includes tomato , eggplant , tobacco , and chili peppers .
Drought first causes stomatal closure , reducing CO2 uptake for photosynthesis , reducing plant growth and yield .
Plants vary in the types and speed of responses to drought conditions , depending on their genetic and ecotypic backgrounds , but a number of drought responsive genes are conserved across plant taxa , especially genes involved in osmotic adjustment , detoxification , and cell communication and signaling .
Schafleitner and his co-workers studied two Andean potato clones , SA2563 and Sullu ( Solanum tuberosum ) L. subsp .
Andigena ( Juz , Bukasov ) under field conditions and used microarrays to to identify genes that are up - and down - regulated under drought conditions .
The scientists identified about 2000 genes that were differentially regulated under drought conditions .
Many of these genes contribute to the increased drought tolerance of the two clones under investigation .
Up - regulated genes included transcription factors and cell signaling - related genes such as kinases and phosphatases , which regulate numerous functions , including metabolic changes and cell defense functions .
Solute concentrations were increased , lowering osmotic potential , to induce uptake of water from drying soils .
Increased expression of lipid transfer genes and fatty - acid and wax synthase genes suggested the reinforcement of cell membranes and cuticles .
Genes for cell wall components were also upregulated , as were biosynthetic genes for antioxidants such as flavonoids and anthocyanins , which function in cell protection and detoxification under oxidative stress
Many of the ancient potato landraces were adaptations to different environmental conditions such as different soils , temperature , altitude , and drought .
Preservation of these varieties and knowledge of their genetic and adaptive histories are of paramount importance as farmers around the world cope with changes in temperature and water availability and struggle to maintain a food supply for growing populations .
The International Potato Center in Lima , Peru maintains the world 's largest collection of tubers in the interest of conserving the genetic diversity of potato as well as investigating traits such as resistance to various insects and diseases , as well as to cold , heat and drought .
The results of this research are used for screening and breeding efforts in crop improvement .
The knowledge gained from these efforts can also be applied in crop and yield improvement efforts for other members of the Solanaceae .
###
Contacts :
Dr. Roland Schafleitner
r.schafleitner@cgiar.org
+51 1 349 6017
Fiesta Americana Merida : +52-999-942-1111
Brian Hyps
bhyps@aspb.org
240-354-5160
American Society of Plant Biologists
money.co.uk is owned and managed by Dot Zinc Limited and we 're classed as a credit broker for consumer credit products , not a lender .
Dot Zinc Limited ( 4093922 ) is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ) and registered under number 415689 .
money .co.uk is a free , online comparison service that allows you to compare thousands of financial products .
We offer tools and filters to help you find what you 're looking for , so you can make informed financial decisions .
The FCA is the independent watchdog that regulates financial services and we 're required to give you this information to help you decide whether our services are right for you .
Information on the money .
co.uk website is for general information purposes only and should n't be seen as financial advice or a recommendation to purchase any product or service .
If you 're unsure about which product or service to choose , we suggest you seek independent professional advice before purchasing it via our website .
Last updated at 21:05 07 April 2008
An anorexic woman who dropped to three - and - a - half stone after walking up to 12 hours a day has battled back to health .
Lauren Bailey 's condition sent her weight plummeting to that of an average five - year - old and nearly killed her .
The 26 - year - old , who would obsessively pace the streets from 6 am to 6 pm , spent 18 months in hospital in a last - ditch bid to overcome her anorexia .
Scroll down for more ...
It has taken her more than a decade to overcome , and now the articulate young woman is speaking out about her ordeal to prove to others that they can battle back from the brink .
She said : " I have always suffered from anxiety , depression and obsessive compulsive disorder since I was a child .
" What triggered my anorexia was a combination of things .
I was going through puberty at nine years old , which was very early then , and I was the only one - because of that I was bigger than the others .
" I was bullied because I was different - I was into rock music and playing my guitar .
" When it developed into anorexia , it was after someone told me I should go on a diet - at the time I was 14 and it is very young to be thinking about those things .
Scroll down for more ...
" It was then that my obsession with exercise started . "
Lauren began walking 12 hours a day , and when she was at home she would pace around her room .
Even when not walking , she would set up puzzles on her ironing board so she could remain standing up .
She said : " I was walking the streets from 6 am in the morning to 6 pm at night , or going up and down any stairs I could find .
" I really do n't know how I did it , I should n't have been able to walk that far .
It was the anorexic adrenaline . "
Lauren only realised she was anorexic after reading a magazine article by a husband speaking about his wife 's battle with her illness .
She said : " I thought , ' Oh my god , that 's me - I do all of those things ' .
" I always thought everyone else had the problem and I was doing the right thing .
Everyone is obsessed with celebrities and diets and I thought everyone wanted to be like that .
I was just the same .
She spent 18 months in hospital to overcome her illness .
The breakthrough came when she was allowed to dig her own grave
" It got out of control .
It was n't about wanting to be thin , it was about wanting to disappear . "
One of Lauren 's worst points was in 2004 when she was 23 and her weight dropped to three stone .
Doctors told her mum Alison Williams , who now works for a mental health charity , they feared her daughter would die .
Lauren said : " I remember being transferred to an eating disorders unit and they did n't think I would make it through the night .
" My mum was so worried about me but until I accepted I had a problem there was nothing anyone else could do . "
She managed to put on weight but when out of hospital her old problems returned .
In March 2006 she was again admitted to hospital after her weight plunged to less than four stone where she spent 18 months .
But even while on the wards in Addenbrookes in Cambridge , Lauren still was not ready to accept help and continued to continually pace round and round her room .
After months in the hospital , she finally made a breakthrough .
Lauren said : " They let me dig my own grave and let me get bad again .
In the end they sectioned me because I insisted on going on leave when I was too ill to do so and I refused to give up my exercise .
" My mum and my friends were great but everyone else was getting on with their lives outside .
" I got to the point when I thought , ' This is n't getting me anywhere ' .
I was really miserable and I had no time left in my day because of my obsessions .
" I am a young woman and I was missing out on so much .
" I thought , ' I 'm living the same sad life in hospital as I was outside .
Life can't be any worse - why do n't I just give it a go ? ' "
Lauren finally left hospital in August 2007 and since then she has been back on track .
Although she does not like to talk about her weight , just a glance at her healthy figure shows how far she has come from the skeletal images at the height of her illness .
She also hit out at the glossy magazines sending out " mixed messages " to vulnerable teens .
Lauren said : " It annoys me that these magazines complain about size zero celebrities then the next minute they go on about slimming down for summer .
It sends out a mixed message .
" I still have problems but I am enjoying life now .
" I want to give others hope that they can get over anorexia and rebuild their lives . "
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Sunday , June 1 , 2008 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH DHS PDF Posted by Mikko @ 12:14 GMT
We get samples — lots of samples — every day .
Like tens of thousands of them .
They come from various sources : from our customers ; from honeypots and honeynets ; via our online scanners ; submitted directly from our products ; from operators and ISPs ; via sample exchange with our competitors ; and so on .
We also get copies of samples that people submit to online virus scanning services such as VirusTotal , Jotti , and VirSCAN .
We 'd like to give big thanks to these services for their valuable cooperation .
When we get samples via such online services , we have absolutely no idea where the sample is coming from and who submitted it .
Sometimes such samples can be real mysteries .
Take for example this PDF file that we got a sample of via VirusTotal .
The only information we have on this 130 kB file is that it was named f1be1cdea0bcc5a1574a10771cd4e8e8.pdf ( after its MD5 hash ) and that it was submitted on the 23rd of May .
When you open this document , this is what you 'll see :
Looks like a Department of Homeland Security form G - 325A .
Look again .
What 's the filename ?
It 's not f1be1cdea0bcc5a1574a10771cd4e8e8.pdf .
It 's 0521.pdf .
This is not the document we opened .
So what happens here ?
Apparently this PDF has been used in a targeted attack against an unknown target .
When this PDF is opened in Acrobat Reader , it uses a known exploit to to drop files .
Specifically , it creates two files in the TEMP folder : D50E.tmp.exe and 0521.pdf .
Then it executes the EXE and launches the clean 0521.pdf file to Adobe Reader in order to fool the user into thinking that everything is all right .
D50E.tmp.exe is a backdoor that creates lots of new files with innocent sounding filenames , including :
\windows\system32\avifil16.dll
\windows\system32\avifil64.dll
\windows\system32\drivers\pcictrl.sys
\windows\system32\drivers\Nullbak.dat
\windows\system32\drivers\Beepbak.dat
The SYS component is a rootkit that attempts to hide all this activity on the infected machine .
The backdoor tries to connect to port 80 of a host called nbsstt.3322.org .
Anyone operating this machine would have full access to the infected machine .
Well , 3322.org is one of the well known Chinese DNS - bouncers that we see a lot in targeted attacks .
Does nbsstt mean something ?
Beats us , but Google will find a user with this nickname posting to several Chinese military related web forums , such as bbs.cjdby.net .
Where does nbsstt.3322.org point to ?
IP address 125.116.97.19 is in Zhejiang , China .
And it 's live right now , answering requests at port 80 .
Tags
Paul Krugman writes in the New York Times , April 7 that there is a world food shortage , accompanied by skyrocketing prices .
Because of this , poor people in Africa and other places are starving .
He suggests that this has come about mostly for these reasons :
new food demand by China
the high price of oil
bad weather in important farming areas ( particularly Australia )
the reduction of farmland available to grow foodstuff — in favor of growing biofuel crops , for the purposes of alternative , ( reputedly ) environmentally safe energy sources such as ethanol
Krugman 's proposed solution to these problems is for us to give more of our money to government , so that it can solve the problem the market is apparently incapable of solving .
And now , the real story :
Regardless of whether one thinks the above - listed factors play a role in world food shortages , there are in fact two issues of primary importance related to food shortages and food costs that Krugman does not mention and may not know .
First , the underlying cause of any shortage is the lack of a free market , since genuine shortages cannot appear in a free market .
Instead , while prices of goods would likely rise at the onset of reduced supplies , the goods in question would always be available at some price — and the higher the price , the more the supply would increase to meet demand , which would then of course reduce the price .
If we had free world markets , food would be exported from some countries , such as the United States and Europe , where food is plentiful , to countries where it is needed .
This is because it would be profitable to ship goods to needy areas like Africa , where shortages were making prices rise .
The fact that this is not currently happening can be a result only of government price controls ( which prevent prices from rising in needy countries ) , trade restrictions , or some other government barrier that prevents people from getting what they need .
The World Bank has cited a list of 21 countries that have price controls on basic staples .
We all remember the stories of people in Ethiopia starving in the 1980s , when 3 million people went hungry .
What was unreported was that there were 60 million people in Ethiopia at the same time who were unaffected by famine .
The moving of food from one part of the country , where it was plentiful , to the other part , affected by drought , was prevented by fighting between the government and rebel groups near the area of the drought .
Economic incentives were prohibited by the government 's forced withholding of food shipments ( so that rebel soldiers would not have access to supplies ) , by price controls , by the declaring of grain wholesaling illegal in much of the country , and by the prohibition of the private selling of farm produce or machinery .
A similar situation occurred in Zimbabwe in the early 2000s .
Indian economist Amartya Sen won a Nobel Prize for demonstrating that most famines are caused not by lack of food but by governments ' ill - advised intrusions into the functioning of markets .
The second issue Krugman fails to mention is that high food prices are a manifestation of current worldwide price inflation .
World governments have been printing money at very high rates this decade .
While the United States has been expanding the money supply by " only " about 10 – 15 percent per year , many countries have printed money at rates exceeding 50 percent per year .
This money , which had been previously contained mostly in world stock markets , has now also spread to commodity markets , from which the prices of food are derived .
Since money is now being created faster than goods are being created , prices are rising .
As another example of this phenomenon of the increase of money exceeding the increase in supply of goods , we may cite the rise in oil prices .
Although this has been attributed in the press and other public forums to speculation , greedy oil companies , and increased demands of oil from China , the real cause is the increasing disparity between available money and available oil .
Along this same line , the steep rise in prices — of housing , stocks and bonds , oil , gold , commodities , food prices , etc. that we have seen this decade — would be mathematically impossible without the increased supply of money circulating in the world economy .
In fact , if the supply of goods were increasing , as it has been , and if at the same time the quantity of money remained stable , prices would necessarily fall .
Make no mistake : for various fundamental reasons related to production , supply , and demand , there is a lack of supply of some commodities available relative to the growing real demand for them .
Still , this lack of supply is not the root cause either of the occurrence of shortages or of the extreme increase in world food prices ( by over 80 percent in three years ) .
Additionally , though many commodities such as wheat have been stagnant or in reduced production over the last several years , other commodities have seen continued increases in production ; other food groups such as cereals , fruits , livestock , and fish and seafood products have seen mostly increased supply .
Data from The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations show that both agriculture production and food production per capita has risen since 1990 , and stayed steady since 2000 [ 1 ] .
In comparison , commodities prices have been rising since 1999 .
Returning now to Krugman 's piece , we can see that the reasons he adduces for the food shortages and rising prices are illogical .
For example , " new demand " for food from China would necessarily have resulted not only in the Chinese themselves producing more food to meet this demand , but in the rest of the world doing so as well .
( In fact , China has increased agricultural production per capita by 22 percent since 2000 . )
Can we really imagine that world food producers would not have spotted this demand and tried to make profits by satisfying it ?
In fact , they have spotted it and have therefore been producing more food .
The Chinese population is increasing by just over one - half of one percent per year .
How , then , could the Chinese suddenly have a desire and need for 30 percent or so more food per year in recent years ?
Further : how could they pay for it , even if they had the want of more food ?
As a concept , " demand " is liable to misunderstanding because we use the term in several different ways .
I might have a demand ( desire ) for a house in the south of France in order to have a place to park the yacht I also demand ( desire ) .
In this case " demand " is without consequence , because I do not have the means with which to pay for these items .
Real demand can affect prices only if there is real purchasing power , in the form of money , to support the demand .
Chinese consumers cannot demand , and thus pay for , increased consumption of food without more money , which can only arrive in their pockets after being printed by their central bank .
They can have an increased real demand by way of producing more goods with which to pay for more food , but this would serve to reduce prices , not raise them .
To be clear , it is not the companies that people work for that are producing the money , as companies do n't produce the money they pay out as wages ; they produce only goods .
For companies to have more money ( i.e. , sell their goods at a higher price than last year ) and then pay out more money in wages to workers , more money has to be created by their government in the form of credit expansion .
With regard to China , then : if there were as much of a new demand for food in China as Krugman claims — given a constant amount of money in the economy , there would necessarily be a corresponding reduction in the demand and prices of other goods .
Therefore , the Chinese may well be consuming more food , but this increased consumption would not be responsible for ( absolute ) higher prices or shortages .
What , then , about the bad weather ?
Bad weather could well play a role in the short run .
But
In the longer run , if Australia has bad weather , even for five years straight , other countries could and would step up their production and increase supply .
As an example , more land in the United States would be turned to farming .
Food shortages in one country would cause world prices to rise by some degree temporarily ; but the result in a situation of free trade would be increased production in and increased supply from other countries , a result that would then push the price back down .
It 's possible that the lack of free markets has prevented this from happening , but it 's certain that free supply and demand would preclude the possibility of global emergency .
If there were bad weather in most regions of the world at the very same time , the supply of food would in fact decline and prices would rise .
But in a free market shortages would still not appear .
And in a world of an unchanging supply of money , this effect would be temporary , as prices would fall when supply later increased .
Again , as the price of food rose , the price of other goods would have to fall .
Sustained price rises among all goods can result only from new money entering the ( world ) economy . [ 2 ]
As for Krugman 's last argument , that farmland usable for food is now being used for the growing of biofuel feedstock instead , this is a question mark .
In a free market , if there were a shortage of food and if the necessarily associated high prices of food gave that market signal , land used for any other item — biofuel feedstock , car lots , movie theatres , houses , or whatever — would be converted to use for farming .
If we had sustained food shortages in the United States , for example , this is what would happen .
Indeed , agriculture used to represent 50 percent of GDP at the beginning of last century , but is now less than one percent .
Land use has changed to meet changing demands .
But if we needed food , we could and would build agriculture back up towards that 50 percent level .
On a worldwide scale , as food prices rose , land would be turned to the more profitable growing of food instead of the less profitable growing of biofuel feedstock .
Only if government subsidies were high enough to obscure these market signals , or if government required energy companies to purchase feedstock ( which this author is told is the case in the United States ) , could the agriculture production structure be deformed so that this market response would not take place .
Similarly , if agricultural lands became difficult to develop due to government regulations to , e.g. , protect current farmers , increased production could become difficult .
In sum , the real cause of continually rising food prices is the printing of money by world governments .
And the real cause of actual food shortages is the prevention of profitable global trade in food by the ill - advised policies of the governments of the very people who are starving .
To the extent that any other reasons proposed contribute to a reduced supply more than temporarily , it is likely because governments prevent the market from working .
To ignore these primary drivers of current world food shortages is either willfully to dismiss economic logic , or to be unaware of it .
Following revelations on Friday that police had begun to arrest ex-OiNK users , we are now in a position to add further details .
The police are arresting people allegedly involved in the pre-release uploading of music albums , accusing them of ' Conspiracy to Defraud the Music Industry ' .
After receiving information that British police had started to arrest ex-users of OiNK in the on - going ‘ Operation Ark Royal ’ , we published an article on Friday .
We had been sitting on this story while we negotiated with our sources to be able to include as much information as possible , without compromising their situation .
We are now in a position to offer more information .
It seems the music industry ’s desire to paint OiNK as a criminal network focused on the ruination of the music business , has so far led them to direct the police into arresting users who allegedly pre-released albums , i.e shared albums before their stated retail release date .
As mentioned in our previous article , there are no laws in the UK which give extra gravity to pre-release cases , but the music industry seems keen to portray this type of copyright infringement as being much more serious .
It has been their theme since the day of the original raid and shutdown of OiNK .
Many observers have been questioning for some time now why the police are involved in this case when it ’s believed users of the site committed only civilly actionable offenses at best .
It ’s clear that simple copyright infringement is n’t what the music industry has in mind .
Those accused were visited by detectives involved with ‘ Operation Ark Royal ’ , sometimes accompanied by local police .
After identification , they were arrested under suspicion of “ Conspiracy to Defraud the Music Industry ” , told that they were not alone and that police would be arresting and interviewing more people in connection with the case .
Suspects were then taken to their local police station for questioning and required to provide DNA samples and fingerprinting .
During their interview the suspects were asked all about OiNK , their understanding of the purpose of the site and what they did as a user there .
The police were also keen to discover if these alleged pre-releasers personally knew OiNK admin , Alan Ellis , which of course – like the majority of OiNK members – they did n’t .
The police have been asking the suspects for their account details on OiNK .
The police are in possession of user account names and email addresses registered on the site , but were keen for the suspects to provide their passwords , adding weight to the belief that user ’s passwords were successfully encrypted with a salted MD5 hash .
Suspects were then released on bail while the police went to make further enquiries .
It is believed that those arrested will have to appear at a designated police station on the same day that Alan Ellis is to answer his bail , July 1st 2008 .
So far , Cleveland Police have n’t responded to our request for information .
A really nice gesture has been made by the team of solicitors working on behalf of OiNK administrator Alan Ellis .
They have offered free legal support to certain arrested individuals .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters )  Paul A. Volcker , former chairman of the Federal Reserve , warned on Wednesday the United States could face a 1970s - style period of skyrocketing inflation if investors lost confidence in the buying power of the dollar .
“ If there is a real loss of confidence in the dollar , then I think we are in trouble .
That is something that has to be watched , ” Mr. Volcker told the Congressional Joint Economic Committee .
The former Fed chief , who championed the battle against double - digit inflation in the 1970s by raising interest rates sharply , warned that without careful focus on the declining dollar and inflation , the United States could face similar , or even worse , inflation pressures .
“ That has to be very much in the forefront of our thinking .
Without that , we are back to the inflation of the 1970s or worse , ” Mr. Volcker said , questioning the relevance of measuring inflation by stripping away volatile food and energy prices .
Jon Erlandson shakes out what appears to be a miniature evergreen from a clear ziplock bag and holds it out for me to examine .
As one of the world ’s leading authorities on ancient seafaring , he has devoted much of his career to hunting down hard evidence of ancient human migrations , searching for something most archaeologists long thought a figment : Ice Age mariners .
On this drizzly late - fall afternoon in a lab at the University of Oregon in Eugene , the 53 - year - old Erlandson looks as pleased as the father of a newborn — and perhaps just as anxious — as he shows me one of his latest prize finds .
The little “ tree ” in my hand is a dart head fashioned from creamy - brown chert and bristling with tiny barbs designed to lodge in the flesh of marine prey .
Erlandson recently collected dozens of these little stemmed points from San Miguel Island , a scrap of land 27 miles off the coast of California .
Radiocarbon dating of marine shells and burned twigs at the site shows that humans first landed on San Miguel at least 12,000 years ago , and the dart head in my hand holds clues to the ancestry of those seafarers .
Archaeologists have recovered similar items scattered along the rim of the North Pacific , and some have even been found in coastal Peru and Chile .
The oldest appeared 15,600 years ago in coastal Japan .
To Erlandson , these miniature trees look like a trail left by mariners who voyaged along the stormy northern coasts of the Pacific Ocean from Japan to the Americas during the last Ice Age .
“ We have n’t published the evidence for this hypothesis yet , and I ’m kind of nervous about it , ” he says .
“ But we are getting very close . ”
Until recently most researchers would have dismissed such talk of Ice Age mariners and coastal migrations .
Nobody , after all , has ever unearthed an Ice Age boat or happened upon a single clear depiction of an Ice Age dugout or canoe .
Nor have archaeologists found many coastal campsites dating back more than 15,000 years .
So most scientists believed that Homo sapiens evolved as terrestrial hunters and gatherers and stubbornly remained so , trekking out of their African homeland by foot and spreading around the world by now - vanished land bridges .
Only when the Ice Age ended 12,000 to 13,000 years ago and mammoths and other large prey vanished , archaeologists theorized , did humans systematically take up seashore living — eating shellfish , devising fishing gear , and venturing offshore in small boats .
But that picture , Erlandson and others say , is badly flawed , due to something researchers once rarely considered : the changes in sea level over time .
Some 20,000 years ago , for example , ice sheets locked up much of the world ’s water , lowering the oceans and laying bare vast coastal plains — attractive hunting grounds and harbors for maritime people .
Today these plains lie beneath almost 400 feet of water , out of reach of all but a handful of underwater archaeologists .
“ So this shines a spotlight on a huge area of ignorance : what people were doing when sea level was lower than at present , ” says Geoff Bailey , a coastal archaeologist at the University of York in England .
“ And that is especially problematic , given that sea level was low for most of prehistory . ”
Concerned that evidence of human settlement and migration may be lost under the sea , researchers are finding new ways of tracking ancient mariners .
By combining archaeological studies on remote islands with computer simulations of founding populations and detailed examinations of seafloor topography and ancient sea level , they are amassing crucial new data on voyages from northeast Asia to the Americas 15,000 years ago , from Japan to the remote island of Okinawa 30,000 years ago , and from Southeast Asia to Australia 50,000 years ago .
New evidence even raises the possibility that our modern human ancestors may have journeyed by raft or simple boat out of Africa 60,000 to 70,000 years ago , crossing the mouth of the Red Sea .
“ If they could travel from Southeast Asia to Australia 50,000 years ago , the question now is , how much farther back in time could they have been doing it ? ”
Bailey asks .
“ Why not the Red Sea ? ”
Our new understanding of climate and sea - level change sheds light on something that has long puzzled archaeologists :
How did modern humans colonize the far reaches of the globe so quickly after their exodus from Africa ?
If Erlandson and his colleagues are right , it was a series of sea voyages and river crossings that brought our ancestors to alien lands , launching the greatest biological invasion of all time .
Ancient island - hoppers Erlandson never bought the long - held assumption among archaeologists that our distant ancestors were the ultimate land lovers .
He grew up near the ocean , surfing and snorkeling as a boy in Southern California and Hawaii and earning the nickname Shredded Coconut for his sun-bleached hair .
He could not fathom anyone ’s resisting the call of the sea .
Erlandson began actively questioning the received wisdom while still an undergraduate .
After reading about simple reed boats that the Chumash people once paddled along the California coast , he and a few friends decided to make a replica .
They dried tule reeds , lashed them together in bundles , and coated them with tar to make a 17 - foot - long vessel capable of carrying three people plus cargo .
Then they launched it off the Santa Barbara coast .
Paddling effortlessly from kelp forest to kelp forest , Erlandson once voyaged 14 miles in an afternoon .
“ The boat soaked up a lot of water , but it was unsinkable , ” he recalls .
“ So it does n’t take that much ingenuity and complex technology to make a pretty sound boat that can get you across a fairly substantial strait . ”
By the 1980s , coastal archaeologists were beginning to mull over some remarkably early finds in Australia .
A series of excavations by Jim Bowler , Alan Thorne , and others in the continental interior revealed that ancient humans had fished and collected freshwater mussels along the shores of the Willandra Lakes 50,000 years ago , possibly earlier .
How on earth had humans managed to arrive down under so early ?
Even then Australia was an island continent , and some researchers reported that its indigenous inhabitants , the Aborigines , historically lacked oceangoing boats .
It did not seem possible that their ancestors had arrived by watercraft .
Points found on the Channel Islands in California Image courtesy of Jon Erlandson
What ’s more , detailed studies of the Southeast Asian coastline of 50,000 years ago showed that an 800 - mile - long stretch of islands and at least eight ocean straits separated the island continent from the Asian mainland .
“ By any route , you have to island - hop to Australia , with one water crossing greater than 44 miles , ” Erlandson says .
“ So it is a real exercise to get across , and the magnitude of that is illustrated by the fact that , before anatomically modern humans made the leap , no large - bodied animal ever got all the way across . ”
But modern humans possessed the wherewithal to paddle to Australia .
With stone knives they could have felled Asia ’s giant bamboo and then tied the canes together to make a raft large enough to carry several passengers .
Moreover , they could have navigated by sight for most of the journey .
As they set out from one island to the next , they could generally have spied at least a smudge of land on the far horizon .
Even where land lay beyond view , ancient mariners could have deduced its presence from natural indicators such as cloud formations that tend to gather over islands , mats of drifting land vegetation , and the flight paths of land - roosting seabirds .
Traditional navigators in the Caroline Islands , northeast of New Guinea , make use of such signs today , and many researchers believe that our modern human ancestors possessed the cognitive skills both to perceive the significance of these indicators and to communicate them to potentially fearful passengers .
“ It looks like seafaring capabilities and seafaring technology have a much greater antiquity than conventional wisdom among archaeologists would lead one to expect , ” says James O’Connell , an archae­ologist at the University of Utah .
“ I think water crossing goes with modern language and with modern art , ” says Geoff Irwin , an expert on ancient seafaring at the University of Auckland in New Zealand .
“ I think they are a package . ”
Genes and tools around the Pacific rim
In the wake of the Australian finds , archaeologists are looking long and hard at other major migrations of ancient humans .
For decades researchers have promoted the idea that the first Americans were clans of Siberian big - game hunters who trekked hundreds of miles on foot over a vast land bridge ( where the Bering Strait is now ) and came south from Alaska some 13,000 years ago .
But were these Siberian hunters the first to explore the Americas ?
Or could they have been beaten there by skilled mariners exploring ice - choked northern coasts ?
Erlandson has been examining this possibility since the late 1990s , when he read of a dig on the island of Okinawa , some 1,000 miles southwest of Tokyo .
Poring over archaeological reports from the region , he learned that Japanese researchers had unearthed the 32,000 - year - old bones of a child on Okinawa in the 1950s .
He also examined studies of ancient sea levels and a detailed bathymetric map showing the depth of the seafloor between the islands of Okinawa and Japan .
Some 32,000 years ago , a coastal plain joined Japan to the Asian mainland , allowing travelers to tramp back and forth by foot .
But they could not have trekked to Okinawa , a distant island even then .
“ Several sea voyages would have been required to reach it from Japan , ” explains Erlandson , “ including one crossing roughly 46 miles long . ”
Intrigued , he delved further into Japanese archaeological reports .
Other ancient mariners , he discovered , had ventured into stormier waters to the north : Some 21,000 years ago , people had paddled boats across 30 miles of choppy water from Honshu to Kozushima Island to fetch shiny black obsidian , a type of volcanic glass , for stone tools .
Almost certainly these voyagers traveled in small , sturdy boats — perhaps a type of kayak — and possessed sufficient seafaring skill to avoid spills that would lead to hypothermia and death .
With such experience , the mariners and their children could well have headed northward at least 16,000 years ago .
Crossing the straits by boat and walking the beaches , they could have gradually explored the coasts of the Kuril Islands , the Kamchatka Peninsula , and the Bering Land Bridge until finally reaching the west coast of the Americas , a journey of several thousand miles .
A trail of distinctively shaped points and a telltale pattern of genes support this hypothesis .
Last November an international team of geneticists out of University College London and the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor published a key new study of genetic diversity among Native Americans .
The researchers examined repetitive stretches of short DNA sequences known as micro­satellites in DNA samples taken from 422 individuals , ranging geographically from Chipewyan and Cree individuals in northern Canada to Guarani and Huilliche people in South America .
What they discovered was that genetic diversity decreased from north to south and was higher among tribal groups living along the Pacific coast than among those residing in the continent ’s interior .
This suggested to the team that the first Americans migrated down the west coast of the Americas ; only later did smaller bands — with less genetic diversity — move inland .
Moreover , another new genetic study by Brazilian researchers pegs the date for that coastal migration somewhere between 18,000 and 15,000 years ago .
Taken together , the genetic and archaeological evidence now strongly suggests that ancient mariners from northeast Asia could well have explored the coast of the Americas at least 12,000 or 13,000 years ago , and conceivably earlier .
Erlandson has found two stone tools and a bone bead on San Miguel Island that may be 18,000 years old , but he has yet to confirm the date via further excavation .
“ We need to know more , ” he says .
Just what drew ancient seafarers from northeast Asia to California remains a puzzle .
As they ventured along the southern coast of the Bering Land Bridge , which was an arid grassland at that time , they could have pursued both terrestrial and marine prey .
Then , as they moved into coastal North America after ice sheets there began retreating around 16,000 years ago , they could have continued to dine on a wealth of coastal foods .
Erlandson believes that kelp forests — rich oases of seaweed — were key to their success all along the route .
Giant kelp grows nearly two feet a day , reaching lengths of 150 feet in the water .
Kelp forests teem with abalone , rockfish , and other seafood delicacies .
Furthermore , the fronds of kelp are edible , and its stemlike stipe can be cut to create fishing lines , making it possible to catch fish that live outside the kelp beds , such as halibut and cod .
Ice
Age migrants journeying from kelp forest to kelp forest , Erlandson says , would have had no need to adjust to strange new ecosystems or devise brand - new hunting technologies as they pushed along the rim of the North Pacific .
“ I think they were just moving along and exploring , ” he muses .
“ It was like a kelp highway . ”
Out of Africa — By boat
As the evidence for Ice Age mariners mounts in Australia , Asia , and the Americas , researchers are now peering further and further back in time for traces of seafarers .
When and where , they ask , did humans first journey over the water ?
One highly controversial piece of evidence surfaced a decade ago during an excavation at Mata Menge on the island of Flores in Indonesia .
There Michael Morwood , an archaeologist at the University of New England in Australia , recovered several stone tools as well as the bones of crocodiles and stegodonts — extinct elephantlike animals — beneath a layer of volcanic ash .
Geologists dated the finds to some 800,000 to 880,000 years ago — a time when early humans known as Homo erectus wandered parts of Southeast Asia .
To Morwood , the remains at Mata Menge pointed to a remarkable human journey .
More than 800,000 years ago , he theorized , H. erectus crossed 12 miles of ocean to reach Flores .
Although the Mata Menge discoveries attracted much media attention , there is no conclusive evidence that Flores was even an island at the time .
Moreover , archaeologists have yet to find any other strong evidence of island - hopping by H. erectus .
Instead , Erlandson and others believe that coastal voyaging began with our modern human ancestors , Homo sapiens .
Current research shows that H. sapiens evolved in Africa some 200,000 years ago and soon took an intense interest in the sea .
At Pinnacle Point , a coastal site in South Africa that borders the Indian Ocean , Arizona State University archaeologist Curtis Marean and his colleagues found table scraps from humans ’ feasting 164,000 years ago .
The favorite item was the brown mussel , which is exposed in large numbers during low spring tides .
“ People think that shell­fish are easy to capture , that it ’s a no- brainer , ” Marean says .
“ It ’s not that way at all .
There are optimal times to get shellfish , and going into the water when it ’s roaring in the intertidal zone can easily be fatal . ”
Along the Semliki River in Congo , wandering bands began fishing in earnest 80,000 years ago .
To catch catfish lurking at the bottom of the river , they devised a lethal new weapon — a composite harpoon tipped with a beautifully manufactured , symmetrical barbed point carved from bone .
No earlier hominin had ever created such a specialized technology for systematic fishing .
“ Those harpoons , ” Erlandson says , “ are not like anything the Neanderthals or archaic humans ever produced .
They are extraordinary . ”
With such creative abilities , ancient water - loving Africans could well have devised a new technology for fishing deep waters : the raft .
It is even possible , say some seafaring experts , that H. sapiens spread out of Africa by watercraft 60,000 to 70,000 years ago .
Until recently , most scientists assumed that our modern human ancestors migrated to Asia on foot via the Sinai Peninsula and the eastern shore of the Mediterranean .
But current genetic research suggests that they took a more southerly route , crossing from the African coast of the Red Sea to the Arabian Peninsula and then following the coast to India .
Mitochondrial DNA studies conducted by Lluís Quintana - Murci of the Pasteur Institute in Paris and a team of international researchers reveal , for example , that humans migrated from East Africa to western India more than 50,000 years ago .
Today a 20 - mile stretch of choppy water separates Africa from the Arabian Peninsula .
Locals call this strait Bab el Mandeb , or “ Gate of Tears , ” but it was not always so formidable .
University of York archaeologist Geoff Bailey recently led a major study of the ancient Red Sea coastline .
Between 90,000 and 10,000 years ago , the strait got as narrow as 2.5 miles across .
For Bailey and other coastal archaeologists , this raises a fascinating question .
Could our modern human ancestors have rafted out of Africa , crossing the mouth of the Red Sea 60,000 years ago to reach Saudi Arabia ?
Bailey reflects on this question a moment .
“ I think it ’s entirely possible , ” he says .
Still , many researchers want more evidence of seafaring .
At the Natural History Museum in London , for example , Chris Stringer , an expert on modern human origins , continues to lean toward a terrestrial migration route out of Africa .
He believes that boats did not become necessary until modern humans had already left Africa on foot and confronted coastal mangrove swamps and great river mouths in southern Asia .
Even so , Stringer is looking at the new evidence carefully , noting that he is keeping an open mind on the subject .
Twenty years ago , most archaeologists would simply have laughed at the idea of Ice Age mariners colonizing the globe .
These days , as minds are opening to the possibility , Erlandson and others are beginning to receive major grants that will speed up the pace of research .
“ Now that people are thinking about coastal migration , ” Erlandson says , “ we have a truly golden opportunity . ”
Right , from top :
An Aleutian man fishes for cod in an 1872 drawing by Henry Wood Elliott ; a replica of a 9,000 - year - old dugout , the world ’s oldest known boat ( the original is now on view at the Drents Museum in the Netherlands ) ; islanders in the Torres Strait ( between Australia and New Guinea ) pose aboard a bamboo raft in a 1906 photo .
Below : Points ? found on the Channel Islands in California .
( Image : stock.xchng )
Despite a court - ordered ban on the teaching of creationism in US schools , about one in eight high - school biology teachers still teach it as valid science , a survey reveals .
And , although almost all teachers also taught evolution , those with less training in science – and especially evolutionary biology – tend to devote less class time to Darwinian principles .
US courts have repeatedly decreed that creationism and intelligent design are religion , not science , and have no place in school science classrooms .
But no matter what courts and school boards decree , it is up to teachers to put the curriculum into practice .
“ Ultimately , they are the ones who carry it out , ” says Michael Berkman , a political scientist at Pennsylvania State University in University Park .
Advertisement
But what teachers actually teach about evolution and creationism in their classrooms is a bit of a grey area , so Berkman and his colleagues decided to conduct the first - ever national survey on the subject .
‘ Not shocking ’
The researchers polled a random sample of nearly 2000 high - school science teachers across the US in 2007 .
Of the 939 who responded , 2 % said they did not cover evolution at all , with the majority spending between 3 and 10 classroom hours on the subject .
However , a quarter of the teachers also reported spending at least some time teaching about creationism or intelligent design .
Of these , 48 % – about 12.5 % of the total survey – said they taught it as a “ valid , scientific alternative to Darwinian explanations for the origin of species ” .
Science teaching experts say they are not surprised to find such a large number of science teachers advocating creationism .
“ It seems a bit high , but I am not shocked by it , ” says Linda Froschauer , past president of the National Science Teachers Association based in Arlington , Virginia .
“ We do know there ’s a problem out there , and this gives more credibility to the issue . ”
Better training
When Berkman ’s team asked about the teachers ’ personal beliefs , about the same number , 16 % of the total , said they believed human beings had been created by God within the last 10,000 years .
Teachers who subscribed to these young - Earth creationist views , perhaps not surprisingly , spent 35 % fewer hours teaching evolution than other teachers , the survey revealed .
The survey also showed that teachers who had taken more science courses themselves – and especially those who had taken a course in evolutionary biology – devoted more class time to evolution than teachers with weaker science backgrounds .
This may be because better - prepared teachers are more confident in dealing with students ’ questions about a sensitive subject , says Berkman , who notes that requiring all science teachers to take a course in evolutionary biology could have a big impact on the teaching of evolution in the schools .
Journal reference : PLoS Biology ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0060124 )
Advertising - supported media gains much more from your attention than it does from your edification .
This is not coincidence .
It is fundamental and inherent .
There is a huge economic incentive to grab your attention , and there is no economic incentive at all to give you something worth reading .
post scriptum
This explains why so many “ social news aggregators ” head downhill towards idiocrity so quickly that they produce small sonic booms .
For the site owners , the money is in flame wars and troll - fests .
Such things quickly drive out all useful information , but they bring slavering crowds into the amphitheater to watch the Christians battle the Lions .
And as far as an advertisement for little blue pills is concerned , a slavering non compos mentis is actually worth more than a single , thoughtful programmer seeking self - improvement .
Such folks often block advertisements , and even if they see them they wo n’t buy products just because of an animated , glitzy pitch .
We know a little something about preventing trolls and encouraging thoughtful discussion on the web .
But what I have observed is this : we only see lip service of these ideas in sites that are built for making money through traffic .
We only see a serious attempt to maintain a site ’s value and character when the site owner has an ulterior motive for maintaining a quality social experience .
For example , Hacker News and The Joel on Software Discussion Group .
YCombinator profits from having quality developers pitch their ideas to YCombinator for launching .
FogCreek profits from having quality developers pitch FogCreek ’s software and job board service to their employers .
Neither profit from doubling their readership at the expense of driving their core audience away .
Both have founders with strong opinions about how to maintain a social site ( here and here ) .
At their best , such sites resemble our rosy view of Universities of old : places of learning where people shared and debated ideas for the purpose of advancing knowledge .
I say at their best .
Not always , of course , but far more frequently than the traffic - motivated sites , and that ’s good enough for me .
I think Giles has nailed it neatly in that paragraph .
If you are interested in edification , you have to spend your time in places where people stand to benefit from your edification , not where people stand to gain from your hanging around clicking on things .
This post does not say anything about whether Universities are better than Amphitheaters , or whether people who build Universities are somehow more noble than people who build Amphitheaters .
I mentioned YCombinator .
I have read that they give their investees t- shirts reading “ Make something people want . ”
Statistically speaking , people want amphitheaters .
The people who build them are making something people want .
This post is not about whether Amphitheaters are reprehensible in some grand , social - engineering sense .
Or about the nobility of founding a University .
It is simply a speculation about what sorts of factors conspire to make one site behave like an Amphitheater and another site behave like a University .
And also a far smaller thing that is of little importance to anyone except you and I , namely , a suggestion as to where should we spend our time learning how to make what people want .
When it comes to Iran 's nuclear capabilities , whose word would you rather take : that of a Nobel prize - winning head of an international agency specializing in nuclear issues who was proved triumphantly right about Iraq , or that of a bunch of belligerent neocons who make no secret of their desire to whack Iran at the earliest opportunity and who made such a pigs ear of Iraq ?
That is the stark choice facing the sane people of the world , given the smearing of IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei for not joining the hysterical lynch mob building up against Iran .
Criticised by Condoleezza Rice and others in the Bush administration , it is uncannily reminiscent of the slurs against him and UN weapons inspector Hans Blix in the run up to the invasion of Iraq - and we should remember that the US vindictively tried to unseat him afterwards for not joining in the lying game .
ElBaradei is hardly acting as cheerleader for the Iranians .
He says that his inspectors have not seen " any concrete evidence that there is a parallel military program , " though he could not yet swear to its absence .
But he does believe that our issues with Iran can be resolved through negotiations - in which it would help if the US were not implicitly threatening war .
But it looks as though we have reached a similar stage to when Saddam let in the inspectors .
When they found no WMDs Washington cried foul , ordered the UN inspectors out and sent the troops in .
The US and its allies will not accept anything short of regime change in Teheran - no matter what ordinary Iranians might want and what the IAEA says .
The only difference from last time is that France has defected , and France 's opposition to the war in Iraq was as much because of Saddam 's oil contracts with Total and Elf - Aquitaine as any deep attachment to international law .
Teheran should sign a contract immediately !
There are , of course , several separate issues here .
One is whether Iran has the right to enrich uranium .
The second is whether it is abusing the putative right to build nuclear weapons .
A third is whether the nuclear issue is not just some sort of White House feint , since we all know that if the shooting starts , it will really be about fighting terrorism , liberating gays and women , restoring democracy and taking down a major rival in the region to both Saudi Arabia and Israel - or any permutation of the above .
On the first question , stupid though it is , the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty does not ban countries from reprocessing and purifying uranium .
It should have done , and it should have allowed more intrusive inspections , but it does n't , and one reason for that is that the US , under the influence of the people who now want to cite non-proliferation against Iran , fought against attempts to strengthen the treaty .
These are the same people , in fact , who have successfully fought against the senate ratifying the comprehensive test ban treaty .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's maladroit diplomacy led to Iran being outmanoeuvred .
His comments on Israel and the Holocaust , no matter whether interpreted correctly or not , have made it difficult for many countries to support him .
The US got a resolution against Iran through the IAEA council calling on Iran to stop its uranium reprocessing , largely by promising council member India a free pass for developing nuclear weapons outside the Non-Proliferation Treaty , and with the enthusiastic support of Israel , the only definite nuclear state in the Middle East .
The US then took that IAEA council resolution to the UN security council , whose word , whether Iran likes it or not , is law under the UN charter , even though it is manifestly a political rather than a judicial body .
( The law is not always just , and that goes for international law as well ) .
It does not help Iran as much as it should that Washington , a major scofflaw in the international field , is once again talking piously about the need to enforce UN resolutions , with its own interpretation and its own timetable - just as was the case with Iraq .
Iran is playing a dangerous game .
Most countries have deep reservations about what the US , France and , to a lesser extent , the UK are up to , but few of them are prepared to go to the wall , diplomatically , let alone militarily , for the ayatollahs .
Iran should accept the additional and more intrusive inspections that it did before , and throw open its program to the IAEA inspectors , but the war talk in Washington and Jerusalem gives it a plausible excuse not to , since it would be tantamount to offering them a list of targets .
Of course it is difficult to support someone like Ahmadinejad , even when he does for once have a point in the nuclear stand - off .
But we can support ElBaradei and the IAEA , as the only sane voices around .
With enemies such as ElBaradei has marshalling against him , he must be right .
International Conference on Logic Programming 2008 !
A. Dovier , M. Garcia de la Banda , E. Pontelli
University of Udine , Italy
Monash University , Australia
New Mexico State University , USA
Editor : Enrico Pontelli
Download : POSTER
URL : http://iclp08.dimi.uniud.it/
Location : Udine , Italy
Date : December 9-13 , 2008
CONFERENCE SCOPE
Since the first conference held in Marseilles in 1982 , ICLP has been the premier international conference for presenting research in logic programming .
Contributions ( papers , position papers , and posters ) are sought in all areas of logic programming including but not restricted to :
Theory : Semantic Foundations , Formalisms , Nonmonotonic Reasoning , Knowledge Representation .
Implementation : Compilation , Memory Management , Virtual Machines , Parallelism .
Environments : Program Analysis , Program Transformation , Validation and Verification , Debugging , Profiling , Integration .
Language Issues : Extensions , Integration with Other Paradigms , Concurrency , Modularity , Objects , Coordination , Mobility , Higher Order , Types , Modes , Programming Techniques .
Related Paradigms : Abductive Logic Programming , Inductive Logic Programming , Constraint Logic Programming , Answer - Set Programming .
Applications : Databases , Data Integration and Federation , Software Engineering , Natural Language Processing , Web and Semantic Web , Agents , Artificial Intelligence , Bioinformatics
The three broad categories for submissions are :
Technical papers , providing novel research contributions , innovative perspectives on the field , and / or novel integrations across different areas ; Application papers , describing innovative uses of logic programming technology in real - world application domains ; Posters , ideal for presenting and discussing current work , not yet ready for publication , for PhD thesis summaries and research project overviews .
A separate session dedicated to the celebration of the 20th anniversary of stable model semantics will also be part of the program .
Accepted papers and posters will be allocated time for presentation during the conference .
At least one author of each accepted submission is expected to register and participate in the event .
In addition to papers and posters , the technical program will include invited talks , advanced tutorials , specialized sessions , workshops , and a Doctoral Student Consortium .
Details , as they become available will be posted at :
http://iclp08.dimi.uniud.it
PAPERS AND POSTERS
Papers and posters must describe original , previously unpublished research , and must not be simultaneously submitted for publication elsewhere .
Emphasis will be placed on the novelty and innovative nature of the results ( even if not completely polished and refined ) .
All submissions will be peer - reviewed by an international panel .
Submissions MUST contain substantial original , unpublished material .
All submissions must be written in English .
Technical papers and application papers must not exceed 15 pages in the Springer LNCS format ( see http://www.springeronline.com/lncs/)
The limit for posters is 5 pages in the same format .
The primary means of submission will be electronic , through the Easychair submission system .
The submission page is available at
http://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ICLP08
PUBLICATION
The proceedings of the conference will be published by Springer - Verlag in the LNCS series .
All accepted papers and posters will be included in the proceedings .
WORKSHOPS
The ICLP '08 program will include several workshops .
They are perhaps the best place for the presentation of preliminary work , novel ideas , and new open problems to a more focused and specialized audience .
Workshops also provide a venue for presenting specialised topics and opportunities for intensive discussions and project collaboration in any areas related to logic programming , including cross-disciplinary areas .
DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM
The Doctoral Consortium ( DC ) on Logic Programming is the 4th Doctoral consortium to provide doctoral students with the opportunity to present and discuss their research directions , and to obtain feedback from both peers and word - renown experts in the field .
The DC will also offer invited speakers and panel discussions .
Accepted participants will receive partial financial support to attend the event and the main conference .
The best paper and presentation from the DC will be given the opportunity to present in special session of the main ICLP conference .
CELEBRATING 20 YEARS OF STABLE MODEL SEMANTICS
The year 2008 marks the 20th anniversary of the publication that introduced the stable model semantics for logic programs with negation .
The paper titled " The stable semantics for logic programs " by Michael Gelfond and Vladimir Lifschitz was presented at ICLP - 1988 .
It was a momentous event that gave rise to a vibrant subfield of logic programming known now as the answer - set programming .
Its distinguishing aspects are close connections to the fields of knowledge representation , satisfiability and constraint satisfaction , ever faster computational tools , and a growing list of successful applications .
To celebrate the stable - model semantics , there will be a special session at ICLP 2008 dedicated to answer - set programming .
The session will feature talks by Michael Gelfond and Vladimir Lifschitz .
as well as by other major contributions to the field , presenting personal perspectives on the stable - model semantics , its impact and its future .
There will be a panel discussion , and regular accepted ICLP papers falling into the answer - set programming area will complete the program .
CONFERENCE VENUE
The conference will be held in the city of Udine , the capital of the historical region of Friuli , Italy .
Located between the Adriatic sea and the Alps , close to Venice , Austria and Slovenia , Udine is a city of Roman origins , funded by Emperor Otto in 983 .
Rich of historical sites , Udine is also famous for its commercial and shopping opportunities and its outstanding wine and culinary traditions .
SUPPORT SPONSORING AND AWARDS
The conference is sponsored by the Association for Logic Programming ( ALP ) .
The ALP has funds to assist financially disadvantaged participants .
The ALP is planning to sponsor two awards for ICLP 2008 : for the best technical paper and for the best student paper .
IMPORTANT DATES
PAPERS POSTERS Abstract Submissions June 2nd n/a Submission Deadline June 9th August 15th Notifications August 1st September 1st Camera - ready September 15th September 15th Doctoral Consortium TBA Workshop Proposals June 2nd Early - bird Registrations TBA
ICLP '2008 ORGANIZATION
General Chair : Agostino Dovier ( University of Udine )
Program Co-Chairs :
Maria Garcia de la Banda ( Monash University )
Enrico Pontelli ( New Mexico State University )
Workshop Chair : Tran Cao Son ( New Mexico State University )
Doctoral Student Consortium :
David Warren ( SUNY Stony Brook )
Tom Schrijvers ( K.U.Leuven )
Publicity Co-Chairs :
Marcello Balduccini ( Kodak Research Labs )
Alessandro Dal Palu ' ( University of Parma )
Programming Competition Chair : Bart Demoen ( K.U.Leuven )
20 Years of Stable Models :
Mirek Truszczynski ( University of Kentucky )
Andrea Formisano ( University of Perugia )
Program Committee :
Salvador Abreu
Sergio Antoy
Pedro Barahona
Chitta Baral
Gerhard Brewka
Manuel Carro
Michael Codish
Alessandro Dal Palu '
Bart Demoen
Agostino Dovier
John Gallagher
Michael Gelfond
Carmen Gervet
Gopal Gupta
Manuel Hermenegildo
Andy King
Michael Maher
Juan Moreno Navarro
Alberto Pettorossi
Brigitte Pientka
Gianfranco Rossi
Fariba Sadri
Vitor Santos Costa
Tran Cao Son
Paolo Torroni
Frank Valencia
Mark Wallace
Web Master :
Raffaele Cipriano
Local Arrangements Committee :
Alberto Casagrande
Elisabetta De Maria
Luca Di Gaspero
Carla Piazza
CarnivUL of
The fraudless : exposing the CULT Posted by RB on April 29 , 2008 · 14 Comments
Welcome to the first CarnivUL of The fraudless !!!
This first CarnivUL ( …T ) will be dedicated to tracking major developments that have taken place since January in the international protest against the Cult of Scientology , discussing the why of the protest , the who of Anonymous , and compiling some of the best relevant YouTube video produced over the past 3 months .
For those who have visited Blog Carnivals before , be warned that this will be an unconventional carnival .
CarnivUL of The fraudless , or CarnivUL ( … T ) , will not in this edition or subsequent editions take all of its content from blogs .
It is anticipated that much of CarnivUL ( … T ) ’s content will come from sources such as YouTube , Enturbulation .
Org , websites , and of course blogs .
On with the CarnivUL ( …T ) !
Long long ago – January 14 2008 , to be exact – hilarious ( and concerning ) members - only Scientology propaganda footage featuring the highly indoctrinated Tom Cruise was leaked online .
This video gained instant online popularity , being viewed by millions and covered widely on evening current affairs tabloid programming across the world .
What was funny was Tom Cruise ’s glaring fanaticism , over - the - top laughter , statement that only Scientologists are equipt to deal with serious situations like an automobile accident , and apparent unwavering conviction that Scientology was the answer to pretty - well everything .
What was concerning was Tom Cruise ’s glaring fanaticism , over - the - top laughter , statement that only Scientologists are equipt to deal with serious situations like an automobile accident , and apparent unwavering conviction that Scientology was the answer to pretty - well everything .
Perhaps most concerning was his statement that maybe , and ideally , one day there will be no more SPs – i.e. , people critical of the Cult .
This video was n’t up long before CoS issued a violation of copyright complaint and had YouTube pull the video .
THIS DID NOT FLY WITH SOME PEOPLE .
To some people , the Internet is Serious Business .
Immediately after CoS ’s move to have their members - only video pulled from YouTube members an online leaderless anonymous cluster of Internet users that collectively referred to their loose minimally structured organization as Anonymous launched Project Chanology .
Who is Anonymous ?
Anonymous existed long before January 14 , 2008 .
They are an unassembled assembly of anonymous Internet users that tend to meet anonymously at certain websites in order to exchange ideas , jokes , Internet content ( which , from what I hear , is often very offensive content ) , and ideas for online pranks – which are often enacted .
As I understand it , the two primary rules within Anonymous – which , again as I understand it , are administered collectively by Anons – are 1 ) all posting is done anonymously ( not even with trackable nicknames , but with complete Anonymity from post to post ) ; and 2 ) no child pornography .
The main purposes of anonymity is so that people can express their thoughts , jokes , content and so forth more freely and submissions can be evaluated purely on their own merits , rather than based on the contributor .
Here is one well - produced description of Anonymous :
Many great Internet memes were created and promulgated by Anons – e.g. , the Rickroll , Lol Cats , and so on .
The RickRoll has become one of the Nets most celebrated Internet memes in recent months , and has become the unofficial official song of the international protests against Scientology .
The RickRoll :
Why the name RickRoll ?
Before the RickRoll was the DuckRoll , another meme created by Anons which involved created a threat in which visitors would see an image of a duck on wheels , often to some sort of musical background .
People would then trick people into going to that threat ( i.e. , by telling them that the thread was about something completely different that was of interest ) , and the visitor would be said to have been DuckRoll’d !
This same idea was later applied to the 1980 ’s music video Rick Astley ’s “ Never Gonna Give You Up ” .
This time , though , some Rollers were increasingly creative and ambitious in their RickRolling – often taking their Rolls into real life ( or In Real Life , IRL ) .
Here is the most impressive RickRoll that I ’ve come across ( the level of planning and coordination that must have gone into this is great ) :
Epic Win !
One of the most interesting things about the RickRoll is how it has quite understandably been misunderstood within the Scientology protest world .
One of the automatic things humans do when interpreting things is to try to understand the relations and meaning of things – i.e. , to interpret them .
Because this song , and few others , continued to occur at protests around the world , many protesters inferred that there was some good reason for it .
There were rumors that Rick Astley perhaps had been a Scientologist , was mistreated by the Cult , and so on .
Nope !
There is absolutely no known relationship between Scientology and Rick Astley – until now : his song , by simple coincidence , has serendipitiously become a rallying song for protesters of the cult .
So back to Anonymous ’ connection to Scientology …
Immediately following Scientology ’s insistence that YouTube pull all of these Tom Cruise Scientology videos , some individual Anons were outraged – few things piss many Anons more than perceived attempts at Internet censorship and Internet strong - arming .
Hence the launch of Project Chanology .
“ Members of Project Chanology organized a series of denial - of - service attacks against Scientology websites , prank calls , and black faxes to Scientology centers ” ( Source : Wikipedia ) .
On January 21 , members of Anonymous posted the following video on YouTube , which described their plans to destroy the Church of Scientology in order to stop its suppression of dissent , frivolous and bullying litigiousness , deceit , exploitation of trusting members , and so on .
This and subsequent videos and the realization of Project Chanology attracted huge attention , being covered by many major news organizations and creating an online frenzy of YouTube viewers , excited bloggers , and so on .
Then a major transition in the nature of the opposition was spurred .
In response to Project Chanology , seasoned picketer of Scientology Mark Bunker released a YouTube video entitled “ Message to Anonymous ” ( I would love to present this video , but cannot because YouTube has pulled Bunker ’s account and I cannot find a mirror - copy of this video ) .
In this video , Bunker expressed that he and other long - time protesters of Scientology ( whom are often dubbed the “ Old Guard Critics ” ) are very happy that so many new people are standing against the organization , however , the current means of Anonymous are not the best course of action .
By going about the protest by way of Internet attacks and prank phone calls and faxes , protesters are endangering themselves to a vicious potential response from Scientology ; further , this is just not the most civil way of going about it .
Bunker encouraged Anonymous to transform their movement into a grassroots campaign against the Cult .
Anonymous heard Bunker loud and clear .
The transition from cyber-attacks and prank calls and faxes to grassroots activism and awareness - spreading took place over just a couple of days .
Anons even enshrined Bunker with the nickname “ Wise Beard Man ” , and the co-occurring statement “ Wise Beard Man ;
His words are wise ; His face is beard ” .
This was the beginning of the coming together of the Old Guard with Anonymous .
This union led to the widening of many Anonymous eyes , as protesters came increasingly to know that Scientology is far FAR worse than they had ever figured .
They learned that the CoS is not just a dissent squashing , frivolously litigious , psychotherapy quack peddling , celebrity trophy - keeping , deceitful and highly insecure organization .
The cult is a thorough - going morally - indifferent malevolent organization that will stop at little - to - nothing to advance its ambitions of social propagation and profiteering , and to stop those who oppose these objectives in anyway .
It categorizes enemies of the cult ( or “ Suppressive Persons ” , SPs ) as second - class citizens that are not accorded the same rights as Scientologists and may be destroyed with impunity to Scientologist culprits .
It also has an established practice of encouraging or requiring that Scientologists disconnect from family and friends who are critical of the organization .
CoS ’s Sea Org – the large unit within Scientology that essentially runs the “ Church ” – is staffed by Scientologists who signed a billion year contract with the Sea Org , and are alleged to often be worked over 100 hours per week for less than $ 50 USD / week , live in cramped rooms with 3 - 12 other Org members , are required to have abortions or leave the Sea Org if they become pregnant , may not be married to non-Sea Orgers , are generally not allowed to have telephones and are not allowed Internet connections , TV , or to read their mail before it has been checked by Scientology officials first for entheta ( negativity toward Scientology ) , receive persistent psychological abuse and pressure from superiors , are personally blamed if they get ill , and on and on .
For more on the Sea Org , check out the write - up at ExScientology Kids .
Astra Woodcraft also speaks of her personal experience in the Sea Org in her interview videos at XenuTV .
In addition to the Sea Org is the Rehabilitation Project Force , which has been described by ex-members as a prison labour camp where members are sent and detained against their will , forced to do hours of grueling repetitive labour , etc .
Detainees can be held in the RPF for months or years , it has been claimed .
The second major announcement released by members of Anonymous was “ Call to Action ” , which clarified misunderstandings of who Anonymous is and what their goals are , began the new mega - scale awareness campaign against CoS , and announced the first international day of protest against the cult , February 10 , 2008 :
The 10/02/2008 protest was preceded by a few smaller “ raids ” ( e.g. , Caturday – a Saturday protest a week before Feb 10 – the name inspired by the online Anonymous community ’s interest in cat - related Internet memes just as the LolCats and long cat ( which is long ) ) .
The largest Anonymous flash picket prior 10/02 was held in Orlando , Florida on February 2nd .
You ’ll notice that some signs in this video read “ Honk if you hate Scientology ” .
Such signage has been strongly discouraged by Anonymous , because it conveys the wrong message :
This is not about hatred for a belief system , it is about wanting to expose and stop the crimes conducted in the name of it .
So February 10th happened , and it was HUGE !
Roughly 7-9,000 protesters converged on roughly 100 Scientology centres around the world .
February 10th was huge , and it would surely not be the last time that CoS would come face - to - face with the faceless .
In the following video , footage is presented from February 10 , and the next international day of protest , Operation : Party Hard , which took place on the Ides of March , 15/03/2008 , is promoted :
Now , during all of this , Scientology has been frantic .
After all , they ’d be dealing with a lot .
In the matter of a few months , the cult had to endure to the leaking of the embarrassing Tom Cruise video , the early cyber , phone and fax attacks of Anonymous , the formation and mobilization of Anonymous street protests , the bonding of Anonymous with the Old Guard Critics , the release of Andrew Morton ’s Unauthorized Biography of Tom Cruise – which contained many damning allegations against the cult , the continual flood of more and more bad press and critical websites , and Jenna Miscavige Hill – ex-Scientologist and niece of Scientology leader David Miscavige – speaking out against the cult and verifying allegations that it separates families .
Regarding the Anonymous protests , Scientologists have been under order from administration to not speak to media .
Media relations have been conducted by select administrators who would repeatedly stereotype all of Anonymous as a bunch of lifeless angry bigotted cyber - terrorists who were on par with the KKK .
They have refused to dignify the claims of the protesters against the cult , sticking instead with tarring all of Anonymous as a newfangled Klu Klux Klan out to persecute religious minorities , Scientology in particular .
They released this incredibly slanted video :
Notice how in this video , they present Anonymous as homogenous and structured organization that is capable of exerting control over the conduct of individuals who choose to protest Scientology anonymously ?
Anonymous is nothing more than individuals who conceal their identity .
That ’s it .
It ’s not a structured organization in any sense .
It gets worse than this , though .
There is every reason to believe that much of what they reported is patently false .
Scientology has a history of lying , creating fake and anonymous identities , and forging threats to themselves in order to quash dissent .
Former Scientologist Tory “ Magoo ” Christman has spoken on numerous occasions regarding how the organization had her and others create fake anonymous identities in order to spam online chat forums visited by critics and disgruntled ex-members .
The Cult has also had members flood opinion polls to manufacturer desirable public opinion results .
Most notably , in the 70s the cult stole letterhead from Scientology critic Paulette Cooper and used it to forge bomb threats to themselves .
They also tried to have Cooper committed into a mental institution .
In an FBI raid of CoS a few years later , documentation of a plan entitled “ Operation Freakout ” revealed that the cult ’s Guardian ’s Office ( now called the Office of Special Affairs ; i.e. , CoS ’s personal CIA and police force ) had conspired to have Cooper incarcerated or committed to or hit her so hard that she stops speaking against Scientology – she had been in the process of publishing the first book critical of the cult .
One member of Anonymous has accused Scientology of manufacturing the video bomb threat , pointing to differences in video quality of previous Anonymously - produced video footage with that used in the alleged bomb threat video :
This is also not the first time that the cult has tried to destroy the public image of critics .
In fact , it is official policy to do so .
L. Ron Hubbard - penned Fair Game policy reads as follows :
“ SP Order .
Fair game .
May be deprived of property or injured by any means by any Scientologist without any discipline of the Scientologist .
May be tricked , sued or lied to or destroyed ”
( Source : ExScientologyKids .Com )
In this video , former Scientologist and Guardian ’s Office staff Frank Oliver describes how he personally was involved in the application of Fair Game to critics and disgruntled ex-members .
The level of invasion and abuse is stunning .
In the previous video , you see direct citation of Hubbard saying that the purpose of lawsuits is to harass and discourage rather than to win .
It is official CoS policy to file frivolous lawsuits and other criminal / legal actions to discourage critics .
Such practices have been a part of the cult ’s reaction to the current protest efforts .
In March they tried and failed twice to file injunctions preventing protesters from assembling outside of the Clearwater org on March 15 .
The cult has also pursued frivolous legal action action the protester in Boston , Gregg Housh , who filed the permit for the March 15 protest , pressing charges for trespassing and criminal harassment :
( Hat Tip : GlossLip )
The cult also took it upon itself to single out a few protesters that it had managed to identify and publicize personal information about them – their name , address , phone number and so on .
Sympathizers would interpret this as the CoS standing up for itself .
Critics interpret it as the cult trying to insite terror in the named individuals and everyone else who is rightly afraid of being Fair Game’d .
Probably the most common way of dealing with protester on protest days – aside from shutting the curtains , closing up shop , and keeping the Scientologists away from the windows ( this , surely , is what LRH had in mind when he instructed Scientologists to confront and shatter suppression ) – was to send out Scientologists who would literally masquerade as protesters in order to attempt to get information from Anons ( e.g. , names ) , to incite Anons to do illegal or morally - questionable things ( e.g. , throw things at the “ Church ” or at police , start a riot , begin yelling hate speech ) , and the like .
Fortunately , most protesters are pretty good at identifying these Scilons , as they ’ve been dubbed .
The Scilons were a pretty understandable tactic .
But some of their other tactics were less comprehensible .
For instance , why did this guy have a gun at a peaceful protest that was staffed by police ?
The police have also partaken in many highly questionable responses to protesters .
There was some pretty dubious police activities at the Buffalo 15/03 protest .
In Atlanta two protesters were arrested for using a megaphone , while cars that beeped in supported of the protesters were ticketed :
Despite all of these very unfortunate events , overall the March 15 protest went very well .
The success of the protests should be dedicated to those who had to go through these unjustified disturbances .
Attendance estimates , to my knowledge , were in the 8 - 10,000 range .
Here ’s another good video :
So now the protest efforts have been in full - swing for a while .
More and more major media networks are covering the protests , including SkyNews , FoxNews , CBC ( Canada ) , CTV ( Canada ) , CityTV ( Canada ) , major newspapers and online news sources , and more and more critical blogs , websites and YouTube posts were showing up .
Critics like Mark Bunker , Tory Christman , and Andreas Heldal Lund were becoming household names .
And Tom Cruise ’s Q-rating presumably continued to drop [ Note to Scientology and Tom Cruise : I said presumably ! ] .
Further , heaps of private Scientology documents ( e.g. , materials relating to the Scientology doctrine , the indoctrination process , security , handling of insubordinates , Scientology administration , etc. ) have found their way onto the Internet .
A CarnivUL ( …T ) contributor sent a link to his page which linked to these documents .
I am refraining from posting the link , however , out of fear of legal action .
Sorry , KB …
But they are out there .
The sailing has n’t always been smooth for Anonymous as a whole , though .
In addition to the misfortune visited upon some individual protesters by the CoS and some curiously motivated police , there has also been some in - fighting .
Recall that Anonymous is not something that developed specifically for this protest .
It existed for years before January 2008 for completely unrelated reasons .
As the protest progressed and more and more people from outside of the traditional Anonymous online haunts ( e.g. , the Chan image boards ) began joining in , some of the traditional Anons ( sometimes called oldfags – “ fag ” in oldfag - speak is a term used in order to resist free speech suppression , and does not necessarily mean anything intentionally derogatory toward homosexuals ) began to feel that Anonymous was being hi-jacked by Scientology protesters ( who are sometimes called newfags or moralfags ) .
Surely , the Scientology protesters hope that the two groups can avoid stepping on each others ’ toes .
Soon enough , April came around and it was time for the next protest : Operation Reconnect .
Operation Reconnect took place on April 12 .
This was the first protest dedicated to a particular branch of Scientology ’s moral - indifference : Disconnection policy .
As alluded to above , it is policy within Scientology that members be encouraged or required to break ties ( to “ disconnect ” ) from anyone who is critical of Scientology – be they family , friends , acquaintances , or whomever .
On April 12 approximately 7-8,000 protesters gathered once more at CoS ’s around the world , this time delivering the message “ OT phone home ” ( OT=Operating Thetan , a high - level status within Scientology ) .
I could n’t find a good video compilation of the protests around the world , but here ’s the extremely well done press release and protest promo video ( Note : if anyone knows of any good video compilations for 12/04 , please leave a link in the comment section ) :
In the days immediately following Operation Reconnect , things really started to get interesting .
Within a week , Tory Christman ’s YouTube account , ToryMagoo44 , was pulled from Youtube ( no doubt due to Scientologists flooding YouTube with complaint flags , resulting in YouTube ’s automated system automatically disabling Christman ’s account ) and then reinstated it about a day later , Mark Bunker released the 3 - minute teaser of Jason Beghe ’s recollections of his experience and his knowledge of Scientology , and Mark Bunker ’s account , XenuTV1 , was pulled from Youtube a matter of hours before he was scheduled to release the full Beghe interview .
Apparently , Bunker ’s account was removed because he had used some content from the Colbert Report .
The account remains down .
However , he now has a new account over at Vimeo , where you can find the full Jason Beghe interview ( which is also all over YouTube ) and on Mark ’s personal blog .
The Beghe interview has attracted substantial media coverage from outfits such as FoxNews , TodayTonight ( Australia ) , A Current Affair ( Australia ) , the Village Voice ( US ) , and more .
And then it was only a little over a week until Jenna Miscavige Hill along with Astra Woodcraft gave another television interview regarding Scientology .
Click here to see this very damning review of the cult on ABC‘s Nightline .
Nightline reported that they tried earnestly for weeks to get a statement from the CoS .
Finally , the CoS gave a statement saying that they would not comment on JMH ’s claims as they believe that she has made an ecclesiastical issue a family issue , which they did n’t want to be apart of , and that they did n’t want to lower the dignity of the CoS by having to make negative statements regarding JMH ’s character .
Anyone who has been paying attention to Scientology knows that this was a transparent diversion .
Scientology has spent years defaming critics and ex-members ( e.g. , Bob Minton , Stacy Brooks , Mark Bunker , Shawn Lonsdale , Gregg Hagglund , and so on ) .
And their disconnection policy casts serious doubts on any significant value they place on family .
TodayTonight then ran a very damaging investigative report on Scientology ’s Narconon drug- rehabilitation program :
And recently , a YouTuber posted a video of himself reading through the German government ’s lengthy and detailed warning package on Scientology :
Germany is surely not the only nation to have been highly suspicious of Scientology .
A 10 - year study recently led a Belgian prosecutor to contend that the CoS should be labeled a criminal organization :
Israel TV recently declared Scientology to be a “ medical , moral and social threat ” .
In response to the release of this video , Dawn of GlossLip wrote :
“ Are there any countries left besides the United States who have n’t declared Scientology to be a powerful , sinister and dangerous cult ?
So far , most of the Western World has identified this organization as a threat to the very fabric of society .
When will we wake up ? ”
Many people are waking up .
Thanks to the efforts of the Old Guard , Anonymous , the ExScientology Kids admins Kendra Wiseman , Astra Woodcraft and Kendra Wiseman , the many people hosting websites on Scientology , and the news agencies , more and more people are coming to see the dark side of Scientology .
Dawn herself has played a heroic role in exposing Scientology .
In my eyes , GlossLip has become one of if not the leading non-forum website for news updates and exclusive interviews regarding Scientology .
In the past few weeks she has conducted interviews with people such as Mark Bunker and ex-Scientologist Marc Headley .
Her most recent posts pertaining to Headley , David Miscavige , the Sea Org , the Rehabilitation Project Force , Tom Cruise , and recent developments have been eye - opening and should definitely be checked out .
Here we are now on April 29th .
This wave of protests has been in progress now for over 3 months .
According to seasoned critics like Tory Christman and supposed Scientology insider leaks the impact has been huge .
Scientology stats ( i.e. , sales , recruits ) are claimed to be down , the number of defections is said to have risen , and the number of ex-members speaking out has absolutely increased .
In addition to the major monthly protests , flash mini-raids have been staged in Toronto , various places in California , and presumably elsewhere .
But the biggies have n’t stopped .
The next international day of protest : May 10
The focus : Fair Game policy
Operation : FairGameStop
This , the first CarnivUL of The fraudless , has come to close .
To wrap it up , I offer this final ( and truly excellent ) video as a personal gift to Tory Christman :
To everyone in the Old Guard , to Wise Beard Man ( you ’re spectacular ) , to the “ moralFags ” of Anonymous , and to everyone who stands up for human rights everywhere , this delicious cake is for you !
Everyone , regardless of where you stand on the protest , is encouraged to leave comments below !
