Switzerland faced a renewed assault on its private banking system as Germany considered paying for secret Swiss account data detailing alleged tax evasion by about 1,500 German taxpayers .
German authorities familiar with the investigation said Sunday that a confidential informant offered to sell them the data for € 2.5 million ( $ 3.5 million ) .
The authorities , who say the information was stolen from a Swiss bank , say officials examined samples of the data that proved to be authentic .
Swiss ...
Via Jason Linkins at HuffPo , Michael Isikoff had a critical article this weekend , following the release of the OPR report .
A crucial CIA memo that has been cited by former Vice President Dick Cheney and other former Bush administration officials as justifying the effectiveness of waterboarding contained “ plainly inaccurate information ” that undermined its conclusions , according to Justice Department investigators .
Cheney has publicly called for the release of the CIA ’s still classified memo and another document , insisting their disclosure will bolster his claim that the rough interrogation tactics he vigorously pushed for while in the White House yielded actionable intelligence that foiled terrorist plots against the United States .
But a just released report by the Justice Department ’s Office of Professional Responsibility into the lawyers who approved the CIA ’s interrogation program could prove awkward for Cheney and his supporters .
The report provides new information about the contents of one of the never released agency memos , concluding that it significantly misstated the timing of the capture of one Al Qaeda suspect in order to make a claim that seems to have been patently false .
... One key claim in the agency memo was that the use of the CIA ’s enhanced interrogations of Zubaydah led to the capture of suspected “ dirty bomb ’ plotter Jose Padilla .
“ Abu Zubaydah provided significant information on two operatives , Jose Padilla and Binyam Mohammed , who planned to build and detonate a ‘ dirty bomb ’ in the Washington DC area , ” the CIA memo stated , according to the OPR report .
“ Zubaydah ’s reporting led to the arrest of Padilla on his arrival in Chicago in May 2003 [ sic ] . ”
But as the Justice report points out , this was wrong .
“ In fact , Padilla was arrested in May 2002 , not 2003 ...
The information ‘ [ leading ] to the arrest of Padilla ’ could not have been obtained through the authorized use of EITs . ”
( The use of enhanced interrogations was not authorized until Aug. 1 , 2002 and Zubaydah was not waterboarded until later that month . )
“ Yet Bradbury relied upon this plainly inaccurate information ” in two OLC memos that contained direct citations from the CIA Effectiveness Memo about the interrogations of Zubaydah , the Justice report states .
( I 'm presenting the Newbie Nugget tonight @ Baypiggies .
My topic is Python Code Quality - read on for the scoop . )
Code quality sometimes seems like an inherently subjective term - you like OOP , I like procedural , you prefer CamelCase and I like delimited_identifiers .
Explicit self is ugly , explicit self is explicit and therefore pythonic .
And some areas of code quality are even harder to quantify - what makes an API elegant ?
How do you measure Pythonic - ness ?
Ok , that 's not even a word - but I just want to issue the disclaimer at the beginning - high quality code will continue to be a matter of opinion .
Low quality code - well that we can measure .
One more quick disclaimer here - why do we care about code quality ?
Let 's face it - there are two reasons that we need to improve the quality of our code .
The first reason is that I suck .
It 's true !
Sometimes I write really poor code ; usually , even .
There are lots of reasons ; excuses really - maybe I 'm exploring the problem space .
Maybe I thought it would be a one - off script .
Maybe I 'm new to the language or the library .
Maybe I 'm under time pressure so I just want it to work .
Maybe I just do n't care .
The second reason is that you suck too .
In fact the only code worse than my code is other people 's code - and I 'm confident that you all could make that statement yourselves .
Seriously though - every working programmer at some point deals with maintenance , with bugfixing , with legacy code and has to start refactoring .
I can't encourage strongly enough the Martin Fowler refactoring book - it is n't just for Java programmers and it will help you think practically about how you can get from " here " ( large code base of varying quality ) to " there " ( better quality code that 's easier to maintain , bugfix , etc ) .
So lets look at a couple of tools for finding crappy code in your python projects .
Just for fun I ran these on the current Django trunk to see if I could find any dusty corners .
First up is a tool called clonedigger .
Clonedigger is really cool and does exactly what it says - it looks for clones or regions of similar code .
Often these are evidence of copy - n- paste style programming and should generally be refactored .
DRY !
Clonedigger installs via easy_install and running it on the Django trunk took over an hour and produces an html report .
It found 1323 clones and says that 6,143 out of 50,782 are duplicate lines ( 12 % ) but most of these were legitimate duplication ; locale files for instance .
You can see an example of the output here .
Basically clonedigger has detected that the classes that define the widgets for the DateInput , DateTimeInput , and TimeInput are 18 lines of code apiece but differ only by the classname in the call to super .
Introducing a common parent class or having 2 of the three subclass the other would eliminate the duplication ( reducing the code by 36 lines ) and more importantly make clear that currently the widget for all three classes functions in exactly the same way - something that is n't instantly obvious when you scan the code .
There might be good reasons not to introduce another class in the hierarchy and arguably you should n't have DateTime subclass Date ( or vice versa ) , similarly the clones found in django / db / models / fields / __init__.py might best be left alone ( should Integer Field subclass FloatField or should it be the other way around ) .
Clonedigger did find some repetition in in the generic views , however , and if you 're interested you can download the whole output ( 137 k gzipped ) here
OK - the Django codebase certainly has less duplication than the stuff I produce , clonedigger has found some nice areas needing refactoring in my own code .
I 've also used another tool to find different sorts of problems to good effect , so let 's take a look at the Cyclomatic Complexity in Django .
Cyclomatic Complexity is basically the measure of how complicated a unit of code is - it counts all the independent paths through a unit of code to produce a unique score .
Obviously a function that has a very high cyclomatic complexity score ( say 100 ) needs to be refactored .
It 's doing too much for you to get your head around , it can't be unit tested and can't safely be changed .
The refactoring necessary might simply be to extract a lot of methods or functions but I frequently find an area of high cyclomatic complexity indicates a problem that needs some rethinking as to the approach .
I 've used David Stanek 's tool pygenie to scan python code and report on Cyclomatic Complexity - it is n't released but you can check it out of svn and use it to scan your python source .
Running it on the Django trunk produces a text report with any functions with a CC score of more than the ideal of 7 .
Django actually is outstandingly well written by this measure - the high scores are some dense thickets of third party code .
The doctest and pure python Decimal implementation have functions with scores in the 20's , 30's and one 52 !
The highest scores in code that originated in the Django project looks like it lives in the utils module .
The normalize method in django / utils / regex_helper.py is pretty scary and has a CC score of 25 !
To be fair , it 's reversing regex patterns - that 's a legitimately complicated task that may be written as it is for performance reasons .
A more likely candidate for refactoring by mere mortals is the truncate_html_words function in django / utils / text .py - although with a CC score of only 14 and using regexes to parse html and close any tags in the truncated portion it's also legitimately complicated .
The _html_output method of the BaseForm class could probably safely be tackled but even this does n't look to bad .
Pygenie is actually a more useful tool than this demonstration shows - on my own codebases it picked up some unmaintained messes of procedural code that was complex only because I was lazy .
You can look at the report for the rest of the Django code base but I encourage you to use this tool on your own code - it runs fast and is ignored at your own peril .
Code quality is subjective .
It 's possible to have crappy code with low duplication and low cyclomatic complexity .
But removing duplication from your code and making sure that the codebase stays in discrete ( testable ) chunks definitely helps .
Imgur 's website is located at imgur.com and their official Twitter account is twitter.com / imgur
Diamonds ... and women ... they are so close and so far from each other ... Women have been favoring these sparkly stones for centuries already .
Mae
West has once said , " I never worry about diets .
The only carrots that interest me are the number of carats in a diamond !
" America features a wide range of stores which house diamonds for decades .
One of them has been around since 1924 , offering the best quality diamonds at the lowest possible prices .
Zales ... the best - known name in retail jewelry .
The company also launched its online location at Zales.com .
It also provides the richest choice of rings , necklaces , pendants , cameos , earrings and bracelets in a wide variety of designs at discount prices .
The company 's coupons offer discounts on jewelry , delivery and personalized orders .
At sales times the company brings its prices to 60 % down .
Online Zales store enables customers to design their own rings .
Among the possible options are engagement rings , quick - ship engagement rings , three - stone rings and bridal sets .
These orders usually take from 2 to 4 weeks to be delivered , except for quick - ship engagement rings with the 5 - day delivery service .
On the Zales.com web site one may read more about diamonds and their main characteristics in a specialized pad " Diamond Education " .
One will also appreciate the company 's flexible payment options .
In additional to accepting all major credit cards ( Visa , MasterCard , Maestro ) , Zales also provides its own credit card with convenient payment plans .
Zales also offers its online customers the option of paying with PayPal and Bill Me LaterÂ® .
Earlier , the company announced its possible merger with Kays Jewelry .
The form of partnership has not been yet revealed , however it is more likely that Signet is about to acquire Zales .
These news are rumors only while are not backed by official statements from any of the companies .
On the other hand , the merger is no surprise as Zales has been through tough times recently with a bunch of its retail locations closed .
A year ago the company started its anti-crisis program and closed 123 stores .
Another reason to cut locations was the company 's plan to reach $ 65 million in annual savings .
Anyway , before the ' transaction ' even starts , Zales is a purely American company and offers diamonds of no lesser purity .
The company 's family of brands include Zales Jewelers , Zales Oulet , Gordon 's Jewelers , Peoples Jewellers , Mappins Jewellers , and Piercing Pagoda .
Under these names the company operates 1,931 retail locations across the US and Canada as well as Puerto Rico .
W.H. deputy chief of staff Jim Messina ( left ) is likely to head the campaign , while senior adviser David Axelrod may reprise his role as Barack Obama 's campaign muse .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Exclusive : W.H. plots 2012 campaign
President Barack Obama ’s top advisers are quietly laying the groundwork for the 2012 reelection campaign , which is likely to be run out of Chicago and managed by White House deputy chief of staff Jim Messina , according to Democrats familiar with the discussions .
For now , the planning consists entirely of private conversations , with Obama aides at all levels indulging occasionally in closed - door 2012 discussions while focusing ferociously on the midterm elections and health care reform , the Democratic sources said .
“ The gathering storm is the 2010 elections , ” one top official said .
Advertisement
But the sources said Obama has given every sign of planning to run again and wants the next campaign to resemble the highly successful 2008 effort .
David Axelrod , White House senior adviser , may leave the West Wing to rejoin his family in Chicago and reprise his role as Obama ’s muse , overseeing the campaign ’s tone , themes , messages and advertising , the sources said .
David Plouffe , the Obama for America campaign manager , described by one friend as " the father of all this , " will be a central player in the reelect , perhaps as an outside adviser .
" The conversations are beginning , but decisions have n't been made , " a top official said .
" If you look at David Plouffe 's stepped - up level of activity with the political organization [ as an outside adviser on the 2010 races ] , that is obviously the beginning of the process . "
Anita Dunn , former White House communications director , will be intimately involved , too .
Brad Woodhouse , the Democratic National Committee ’s communications director , enjoys rising stock and would be a logical choice to be communications director for the reelection campaign , the sources said .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs , White House communications director Dan Pfeiffer and senior adviser Valerie Jarrett are likely to remain at the president ’s side in Washington , while exercising major influence over the campaign .
Pfeiffer , communications director of the last campaign and always a trusted insider , has a higher public profile every day .
Other central figures are likely to be DNC Executive Director Jennifer O'Malley Dillon ; her husband , Patrick Dillon , who is deputy White House political director and is likely to bring his extensive gubernatorial contacts to Chicago ; Mitch Stewart , executive director of the DNC's Organizing for America ; Jon Carson , national field director of Obama for America ; and White House political director Patrick Gaspard .
The DNC sees Republican challengers ramping up earlier than ever and has decided to begin defining potential opponents early .
Operatives are already assembling research and drafting unflattering narratives to push about the leading possible 2012 candidates .
Even though the planning is still very preliminary , the campaign is likely to launch in just over a year .
President Bill Clinton opened his second presidential campaign in the March after his first midterm congressional elections , and President George W. Bush opened Bush - Cheney '04 a month later in the political cycle .
Aides expect Obama to hew to a similar schedule .
A president ’s reelection campaign — “ the reelect , ” as Obama intimates are already calling it — is a massive , lavishly funded machine that hires hundreds of people and spends hundreds of millions of dollars to carry out the mechanics of a national campaign , while the candidate and many of his top aides continue their day jobs of running the free world .
Obama 's campaign will get a head start from the large machine he has built at the DNC , including Organizing for America , the successor to his grass - roots campaign operation .
OFA is now a DNC project with staff in all 50 states and has worked to keep Obama 's army active through engagement on health care and other issues .
Messina , the likely manager , largely ran the operations part of the 2008 campaign after joining it in June 2008 , while Plouffe focused on the big picture .
Advisers said Messina is valued for his relationships on Capitol Hill , where he has been chief of staff to Democratic Sens. Max Baucus of MontanaSen .
Byron Dorgan of North Dakota , as well as Rep. Carolyn McCarthy ( D - N.Y. ) , and advised others on their campaigns , including Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester .
“ Jim can bring the bare knuckles , and he can make sure members are advocating for the president , ” a colleague said .
The question of where to locate the campaign has not been decided by the president , and is the subject of much internal speculation .
Top sources say they will be surprised if the headquarters is not in Chicago , which will always hold a certain magic for the president and first lady Michelle Obama .
Obama for America senior staff felt there was a huge advantage in having distance from insiders in Washington who were constantly giving advice and asking for things .
And Obama advisers see the advantages George W. Bush reaped by basing his original campaign in Austin , Texas , giving it a beyond - the - Beltway aura .
" We were able to focus on nothing but the campaign , " said one Obama for America veteran who plans to saddle up again .
" We did n't play the inside - Washington game , and that 's a huge piece of who we are . ''
However , some top advisers are skeptical that running the campaign from Chicago would have the same advantages that it did last time , since face - to - face contact will be necessary among top officials from the different arms of Obama ’s operation .
'' It was hard enough to get people to move there in 2007 , " one Obama for America alumnus said .
A compromise might be to follow the example of the Bush - Cheney reelection campaign and put the office in Virginia , a swing state .
The themes for Obama ’s campaign are not yet chosen , but a top adviser said not to expect a radical surprise : “ He knows who he is . "
Sanford Law Group provides quality legal services to families , business owners , and drivers in Lee County .
Our Sanford law office has served the needs of the community for over 50 years .
Known for integrity , honesty , and personal service , our firm is a reliable resource for accomplished legal counsel .
Our team of attorneys concentrate in the practice areas most needed by the families and businesses in the Sanford area .
Our family law and estate planning practice handles divorce , child custody , wills , trusts , and probate matters .
Our business and real estate attorneys facilitate legal transactions for local industry , developers , and homeowners .
Our criminal defense practice serves the needs of drivers and other clients facing charges in the local courts , of Lee , Moore , Chatham , and Harnett counties .
All of the Sanford Law Group attorneys have lived in Lee County for more than 25 years , and are dedicated to giving back to the community .
In addition to providing ethical , reliable legal services , we also serve on the boards for local non-profits and institutions , as well as in our churches .
OMG I am in AGONY right now .
It happened this morning before school ... I was having a shower and thought I did n't like how horribly long and curly my pubic hair was ... so I decided to take the nail scissors and trim it all !
But then I got carried away , and was delicately trying to cut each and EVERY little hair completely off .... even those teeny ones on the inside ...
And that is when it happened !
My hand slipped and I got the end of my clit off !
It was bleeding but I put some tissues down there to clot it , then put on a sanitary pad and went to school anyway without telling my mum because of how embarrassing it is .
Sitting through school was agony and when I got home I checked it and it has stopped bleeding .
It looks okay now .... I mean it is n't bleeding but it looks seriously freaky .
I dont want to go to the doctor but I do n't know what to do .
Does your clitoris ever grow back ??
I do n't want my boyfriend to notice it !!! =[
please help =[
Report for the UN into the activities of the world 's 3,000 biggest companies estimates one - third of profits would be lost if firms were forced to pay for use , loss and damage of environment
The cost of pollution and other damage to the natural environment caused by the world 's biggest companies would wipe out more than one - third of their profits if they were held financially accountable , a major unpublished study for the United Nations has found .
The report comes amid growing concern that no one is made to pay for most of the use , loss and damage of the environment , which is reaching crisis proportions in the form of pollution and the rapid loss of freshwater , fisheries and fertile soils .
Later this year , another huge UN study - dubbed the " Stern for nature " after the influential report on the economics of climate change by Sir Nicholas Stern - will attempt to put a price on such global environmental damage , and suggest ways to prevent it .
The report , led by economist Pavan Sukhdev , is likely to argue for abolition of billions of dollars of subsidies to harmful industries like agriculture , energy and transport , tougher regulations and more taxes on companies that cause the damage .
Ahead of changes which would have a profound effect - not just on companies ' profits but also their customers and pension funds and other investors - the UN - backed Principles for Responsible Investment initiative and the United Nations Environment Programme jointly ordered a report into the activities of the 3,000 biggest public companies in the world , which includes household names from the UK's FTSE 100 and other major stockmarkets .
The study , conducted by London - based consultancy Trucost and due to be published this summer , found the estimated combined damage was worth US $ 2.2 trillion ( £ 1.4tn ) in 2008 - a figure bigger than the national economies of all but seven countries in the world that year .
The figure equates to 6 - 7 % of the companies ' combined turnover , or an average of one - third of their profits , though some businesses would be much harder hit than others .
" What we 're talking about is a completely new paradigm , " said Richard Mattison , Trucost 's chief operating officer and leader of the report team .
" Externalities of this scale and nature pose a major risk to the global economy and markets are not fully aware of these risks , nor do they know how to deal with them . "
The biggest single impact on the $ 2.2tn estimate , accounting for more than half of the total , was emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for climate change .
Other major " costs " were local air pollution such as particulates , and the damage caused by the over -use and pollution of freshwater .
The true figure is likely to be even higher because the $ 2.2tn does not include damage caused by household and government consumption of goods and services , such as energy used to power appliances or waste ; the " social impacts " such as the migration of people driven out of affected areas , or the long - term effects of any damage other than that from climate change .
The final report will also include a higher total estimate which includes those long - term effects of problems such as toxic waste .
Trucost did not want to comment before the final report on which sectors incurred the highest " costs " of environmental damage , but they are likely to include power companies and heavy energy users like aluminium producers because of the greenhouse gases that result from burning fossil fuels .
Heavy water users like food , drink and clothing companies are also likely to feature high up on the list .
Sukhdev said the heads of the major companies at this year 's annual economic summit in Davos , Switzerland , were increasingly concerned about the impact on their business if they were stopped or forced to pay for the damage .
" It can make the difference between profit and loss , " Sukhdev told the annual Earthwatch Oxford lecture last week .
" That sense of foreboding is there with many , many [ chief executives ] , and that potential is a good thing because it leads to solutions . "
The aim of the study is to encourage and help investors lobby companies to reduce their environmental impact before concerned governments act to restrict them through taxes or regulations , said Mattison .
" It 's going to be a significant proportion of a lot of companies ' profit margins , " Mattison told the Guardian .
" Whether they actually have to pay for these costs will be determined by the appetite for policy makers to enforce the ' polluter pays ' principle .
We should be seeking ways to fix the system , rather than waiting for the economy to adapt .
Continued inefficient use of natural resources will cause significant impacts on [ national economies ] overall , and a massive problem for governments to fix . "
Another major concern is the risk that companies simply run out of resources they need to operate , said Andrea Moffat , of the US - based investor lobby group Ceres , whose members include more than 80 funds with assets worth more than US$ 8tn .
An example was the estimated loss of 20,000 jobs and $ 1bn last year for agricultural companies because of water shortages in California , said Moffat .
So far , no images or video have surfaced of the huge fireball that was reported in the skies over Ireland on February 3 , 2010 .
The Daily Mail posted a video , but it appears to be one from a year ago , maybe earlier .
They write that meteorite hunters are on the look - out for fallen space rocks in Ireland , and David Moore of Astronomy Ireland is quoted as saying that meteorites likely landed on Irish soil and not at sea , as many witnesses who saw it along the coast said it was traveling inland .
“ This is a huge event , ” Moore said , “ There ’s a good chance we may end up finding this one . ”
Witnesses from around the country spotted the fireball around 6 pm local time , but so far not many images or videos have been posted online .
The images The Daily Mail posted were not credited and appear to be screen shots from the video .
Moore said the meteor was traveling at a 100,000 miles per hour , or the equivalent of a small atomic bomb blast in the skies .
If any of our readers from Ireland saw the fireball and / or recorded video or images , send us an email .
Source : The Daily Mail
MIAMI -- Anyone advocating Jerry Rice as the greatest player in NFL history can bury the opposition in statistics .
Rice averaged 1,145 yards receiving and more than 10 total touchdowns per season -- for 20 NFL seasons .
Rice caught 69 touchdown passes -- more than the career totals for Art Monk , Michael Irvin , Charlie Joiner , John Stallworth and numerous other Hall of Fame receivers -- during a five - season span ending in 1993 .
Rice then caught 28 touchdown passes over the next two seasons , more than half the career total for Hall of Famer Lynn Swann .
He retired holding NFL records for :
Touchdowns ( 208 ) , receiving TDs ( 197 ) , receiving TDs in a season ( 22 ) , consecutive games with a TD reception ( 13 ) , TDs in Super Bowls ( 8 ) , receiving TDs in a single Super Bowl ( 3 ) and postseason TDs ( 22 ) .
Receptions ( 1,549 ) , consecutive games with a reception ( 274 ) , receptions in Super Bowls ( 33 ) and postseason receptions ( 151 ) .
Receiving yards ( 22,895 ) , receiving yards in a season ( 1,848 ) , receiving yards in Super Bowls ( 589 ) , receiving yards in a Super Bowl ( 215 ) , postseason receiving yards ( 2,245 ) and seasons with at least 1,000 yards receiving ( 14 ) .
Rice , whose selection to the Pro Football Hall of Fame is a formality Saturday , probably enjoyed the greatest NFL career .
He was probably the greatest wide receiver despite some arguments for Don Hutson .
But was he the greatest player , period ?
" Oh , yeah , " Hall of Fame defensive back Rod Woodson said almost reflexively during Super Bowl media day .
Woodson , perhaps mindful of history as a member of the NFL's 75th Anniversary team , then showed he could still backpedal a bit .
When talking about the greatest players ever , Jim Brown needs to be in the conversation .
Getty Images
" I mean , he is definitely up there , " he said .
" I do n't think one player is the greatest player ever , but he is in that water - cooler conversation .
Now , if you say greatest receiver , absolutely .
But the greatest player , to make him the most dominant player ever in NFL history or just say pro football history , that is a profound statement .
But I can say that he will be in that argument time in and time out . "
The conversation might include Otto Graham , Jim Brown , Sammy Baugh , Lawrence Taylor , Joe Montana , Johnny Unitas , Hutson , Walter Payton and Barry Sanders among players no longer active .
And that list is probably shortchanging defensive greats such as Deacon Jones and Dick Butkus .
But Ray Lewis , arguably the greatest defensive player of the current era , did n't hesitate in singling out Rice .
" I do n't know what argument you are going to make why he is not , " Lewis said .
And that might be what separates Rice from the rest .
There really is n't a great case against him .
No one played at such a high level for as long with such grace .
" Jerry Rice does n't rank in the all - time greats , " said Saints safety Darren Sharper , a five - time Pro Bowl choice and member of the 2000s All - Decade team .
" He is the greatest receiver and maybe the greatest football player of all time . "
Maybe ?
" I can't comment on eras that I did n't perform in , " retired cornerback Deion Sanders said , " but the era I performed in , Jerry Rice is the best football player to play in that era . "
On what grounds beyond the numbers ?
" Work ethic , precision , routes , physical toughness , awareness , that hunger , " Sanders said .
" Jerry stayed hungry until the day he retired . "
Perhaps more than anyone , Rice changed the way players trained , particularly during the offseason .
Running sprints up a 2.5 - mile hill was n't enough .
Rice would even run stairs on game days to lose weight if he felt the need to trim down .
" Not many people that own all the records spend that type of commitment and give that type of commitment in the offseason , " Broncos coach Mike Shanahan told reporters when Rice retired in 2005 after one final training camp , with Denver .
" That 's why , in my opinion , he 's the greatest player to ever play the game . "
Despite playing on sub-par teams , Barry Sanders still put up Hall of Fame numbers .
US Presswire
The numbers Rice put up after age 30 -- 1,000 receptions for 13,546 yards and 102 touchdowns -- would put him in elite company if left to stand on their own .
Marvin Harrison , Cris Carter and Terrell Owens are the only other players in league history with career totals on those levels for all three categories .
" If you ask me , " Lewis said , " I 'm talking about the greatest . "
Rice was a 13 - time Pro Bowler and 10 - time first - team All - Pro choice .
Only Bruce Matthews and Merlin Olsen had more Pro Bowls ( 14 apiece ) .
Only Jim Otto earned as many first - team All - Pro honors .
But there are many ways to measure excellence .
Sometimes only a trained eye will catch them .
" People talk about excellence , and when I saw him , I saw excellence defined as attention to details , " said retired defensive back Aeneas Williams , like Sanders an eight - time Pro Bowl choice and member of the 1990s All - Decade team .
" There are some guys who are very good and probably Hall of Famers , and some like Jerry where , not only did it look like his shoes fit his feet , but they were so well shined and buffed that you would notice it . "
Some great players exercise caution in anointing one of their peers as the greatest ever .
Not so much , the rest of us .
Some boldly proclaimed Rice or Brown or Montana or others as easy choices for greatest player when I encouraged discussion on the subject Monday .
The ensuing conversation did not devolve into chaos , though .
Several made strong , reasoned points bearing mention :
" There is something singular about Jerry Rice 's contribution to the game , " rrobinsrc1 wrote .
" When I hear people talk about the best player ever , Jerry Rice and Jim Brown seem to pop up most often .
I think it 's because both were the best ever at their positions ( arguably , in Brown 's case ) AND both brought something more than mere performance on the field .
I 'm not as familiar with Brown , but his fans talk about the ruthlessly physical way he played .
In Rice 's case , it was the peerless level of professionalism he brought to the sport . "
Williams called it grace , noting that Rice was n't the type to taunt opponents , hog the credit or indulge the selfish nature Williams said all players possess on some level .
Quarterback Joe Montana was a three - time Super Bowl MVP .
US Presswire
" The truly great understand that their masterpiece is on display for the benefit of those watching , " Williams explained , " and they always leave the display and the perception of what we are seeing to determine the value that each person will place on him . "
" Greatest player ever ?
Not quite , " rblain 26 wrote .
" [ Rice ] could easily be considered the best player at his position of anyone , but the impact a QB has on a game is too much to discount when talking about the best ever .
Peyton Manning , in my opinion will go down as the best , but Rice , I think , is the best non -QB to ever play the game . "
That 's a fair and rational argument .
Quarterback is the most important position , and increasingly so .
Montana and the 49ers won two Super Bowls before Rice helped the organization win three more .
Rice benefited from great quarterbacks throughout his career .
But receiver can be an underappreciated position , in part because so many wideouts have shown prima donna tendencies over the years .
Rice was n't that way at all .
Quite the opposite .
" I 've always thought the wide receivers , because of what you ask them to do , are some of the best athletes on your team , first of all , " former 49ers offensive coordinator Mike Holmgren said when I reached out to him for a piece on all - time great receivers .
" They may be the toughest guys , the really good ones , because they get a hit a lot of times when they do not see the hit coming .
There are usually collisions with those guys on every play , one way or another way .
You must have tremendous courage and concentration .
Not every great athlete can do that . "
Rice played in 303 regular - season games , never missing a game to injury for his first 12 seasons .
Even when Rice suffered a torn ACL and MCL when Warren Sapp tackled him awkwardly in 1997 , he bounced back with 82 catches for 1,157 yards and nine touchdowns the following season .
Rice caught seven passes for 133 yards against the Rams on his 40th birthday , the first of seven 100 - yard games in his 40s .
Rice played 16 games in 17 of his 20 regular seasons .
He played 17 games in 2004 , when Seattle acquired him from Oakland .
" I find it virtually impossible to say any player is the absolute best even at their own position , " crixtopher wrote .
" Rice was a great player , but I have a hard time anointing him , without a doubt , the best receiver to ever play the position .
Stats do n't tell the whole story .
Still , even if stats are a huge part of the argument , what about Don Hutson ?
Obviously , I never saw him play , but many of his stats are better .
Throw out stats and just talk about domination .
Cris Carter , Randy Moss , Lynn Swann , Lance Alworth , Don Maynard , Marvin Harrison , Sterling Sharpe , James Lofton -- the list could go on .
Step outside of wide receiver and how about Walter Payton ?
Earl Campbell ?
Bo Jackson ?
Eric Dickerson ?
Dick Butkus , Lawrence Taylor , Ronnie Lott , Joe Montana , Johnny Unitas ?
There are so many greats .
Picking one as above all others ?
I just ca n't do it . "
Inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1979 , Johnny Unitas was a 10 - time Pro Bowler .
Malcolm Emmons / US
Presswire
Football is such a team sport .
Rice made those around him better , no doubt , but if the Colts , Lions or Bucs had n't passed on him in the 1985 draft , the conversation might be taking a different course .
" Being on teams that did n’t win , I know what it ’s like , " said Williams , who played for the Cardinals before finishing his career with the Rams .
" I also know what it was like when I got here with the Rams , with a Marshall Faulk , Torry Holt , Kurt Warner , Orlando Pace and Isaac Bruce .
It ’s a difference .
Jerry could have been on a lousy team and put up some of the same numbers , but would we have the same reverence for him ?
Collectively , they did it as a team , which caused the shoe to shine on not only one person . "
Four of the 14 other modern - era finalists for the 2010 Hall of Fame class played with Rice in San Francisco .
Four additional Rice- era 49ers -- Montana , Steve Young , Lott and Woodson -- are already enshrined in Canton , as is former 49ers coach Bill Walsh .
Rice outlasted and outproduced all of them .
" You talk about longevity and playing at a high level for umpteen number of years , " Sharper said .
" His work ethic , I think it permeated through his team and allowed for them to kind of win the championships that they did , even though they had a lot of good players .
I think he always just strove for excellence , and as a football player , that is what you want to try to achieve .
It 's being excellent year in and year out .
You have to rank him as the top receiver of all time and one of the top football players , too . "
See also : Sando mailbag continues the conversation .
( CNN ) --
A growing number of software companies are capitalizing on an unexpected business opportunity : Internet censorship .
In countries where governments continue to ramp up Web filtering systems , more people are searching for tools that will allow them to access inaccessible information -- and they are willing to pay for them .
Such tools include virtual private networks ( VPN ) , proxy servers and other workarounds that enable users to breach barriers to blocked information online .
VPNs " tunnel " through to servers in a country with no Web controls , encrypting information under an anonymous computer address to conceal private traffic .
Proxies also allow unfiltered Internet access but are considered less secure than VPNs .
" The market is growing very rapidly at the moment , " said Patrick Lin , who offers a circumvention technology he calls " Puff " to those looking for ways to leap over firewalls .
One version is available for free , while another costs $ 16 to use for a year .
According to Lin , since he launched the application from his California office last June , it has been downloaded more than 500,000 times .
Sixty percent of its 60,000 daily users are from China while 40 percent are in Iran , he said .
" The reason is the Chinese and the Iranian governments are becoming more aggressive with blocking Web sites , " he told CNN .
" If China blocks Gmail , then the user base will increase a lot more rapidly . "
Earlier this month Iranian authorities imposed restrictions on Internet access in the country and a permanent ban on Gmail , Google 's e-mail service .
While there has been no such move in China , there has been speculation Google 's international site could be blocked after the company announced on January 12 it was considering ending its operations in the country and would stop censoring results on its Chinese search engine , Google.cn .
On February 12 , Google co-founder Sergey Brin said the Internet giant will not pull the plug in China and would agree to filter pornographic and other potentially objectionable material .
However , Google 's video sharing portal , YouTube , and popular social networking sites Facebook and Twitter are blocked in China , which means companies have already been cashing in on censored Web surfers who can no longer connect with friends and family online .
David Gorodyansky , founder of the U.S. - based company AnchorFree , said his business has around one million people in China using its free VPN Hotspot Shield each month .
The VPN has over 7 million monthly users in 100 countries .
Gorodyansky says the company is profitable and generates revenues by selling ads appearing on every Web page .
There are 50 million page views a month in China and more than a billion worldwide .
" We have grown 500 percent in the last 12 months , " Gorodyansky told CNN .
" We would like to continue growing as fast as possible .
We think there is no reason why usage can't grow from 7 million to 70 million around the world . "
When AnchorFree introduced its product in 2005 , it was intended for people concerned about online identity theft or who are safely using wireless networks in hotels and other public places .
" It is an interesting position to be in , for sure , " said Gorodyansky .
" Our goal is not to in anyway disrespect the government of China .
We just happened to build a cool technology that people in China want to use . "
Too many people in China , apparently .
When firewall - breaching services accrue substantial user bases , more often than not , they fall victim to government blocks .
Hotspot Shield , along with other , usually free , VPNs and proxies have been temporarily shut down or completely banished by Internet police in China as well as Iran .
" That is why we have not specifically done a tremendous amount of advertising in China , " Bill Bullock , head of WiTopia , a Virginia - based company that sells a VPN service , told CNN .
" We just kind of do what we need to do , " he said .
" When we see new blocking techniques come out [ in China ] , we have counter measures for those .
It is an ongoing battle , we are doing business in a country that does not want us to do business there . "
Steve Dickinson , a China - based lawyer with Harris & Moure , an international business law firm , said that companies supplying VPN products in China are technically breaking Chinese law .
" China has no jurisdiction over such persons .
As long as they do not physically enter China , there is no risk , " he said in an email to CNN .
While free proxies are frequently shut down , subscription VPNs rarely face blockages , largely because they target expatriates and foreign businesspeople , an almost inconsequential share of Web users in China .
" It is only the elite who can get access or know how to use [ the software ] , " Andrew Lih , director of new media at the University of Southern California 's Annenberg School of Communication and Journalism , told CNN .
" As long as the Chinese government can keep 90 percent [ behind the firewall ] , then there is not enough critical mass for there to be a problem , " he said .
" Even though you will have new ways of piercing the firewall , as long as you have the authorities controlling the physical access points , in the long term , the authorities will have the upper hand . "
There could one day be a limit to the expansion of an industry banking its future on selling what is , in essence , freedom .
While there is growing awareness of the technologies , companies running them must constantly outsmart Internet police intent on shutting them down .
And in China , many local users are unwilling to pay , either because they lack access to a foreign credit card or would rather use something that is free .
Research also suggests many Chinese may not have a desire to use the tools at all .
A 2007 study conducted by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences found 80 percent of those surveyed supported government control of the Internet .
" We do n't want to rely on [ censoring of the Internet for our business ] , " said Bullock .
" But we may never get rid of it .
Someone will always be trying to control the flow of information . "
The folks over at CRAP !
( Child Rearing Against Patriarchy ) have released a feminist kidzine , Spratz !.
It sounds cool , but the thing is : I do n't really get it .
Advertisement
CRAP ! has just made the zine available for download in PDF form .
It 's a good idea - parents can print out the zine and distribute it to their kids and young feminists can search out the alternative form of media on their own , maybe even circulate copies amongst their friends .
However , reading through Spratz ! , I found myself confused as to who its creators are targeting .
The zine is compiled by a group of kids and adults , who clearly have very different ideas about the message they want to disseminate .
As one might expect , it 's the kids who have a better handle on what children might want to read .
The stories and illustrations created by children - including The Tough Cinderella and a short cartoon about sexism - are more lighthearted and fun than just about anything else .
Which is the major problem with Spratz ! : it 's just not very much fun .
I can't imagine a time in my childhood when I would have picked this up and thought how exciting !
let 's read about sexism and discrimination !
While , yes , it must be difficult to make learning about these topics enjoyable , I am not sure why one would try .
The word - searches and crossword puzzles are a fun inclusion ( although somewhat poorly executed ) but the feminist quiz , featuring questions like " How many women and children were murdered in total as part of the ' witch hunts ' between the 14 - 17th century in Europe ? " and " How many of the world 's poor are women and girls ? " is baffling .
As is the inclusion of a blurb about Andrea Dworkin , who is described as " famous for her passionate campaign against pornography . "
The entire thing goes back and forth between sending the message that " Sexism is n't funny ! " and trying to make learning about sexism fun .
I 'm no expert , I can't help but think that the children young enough to enjoy this sort of thing are also too young to appreciate the true meaning of homophobia , and probably too young to be discussing the evils of pornography .
Advertisement
That said , in the end , Spratz ! is probably more a zine for feminist parents than anyone else .
It highlights the difficulties of teaching kids about something as pervasive and nuanced as the patriarchy , or as frighteningly real as domestic violence .
However , these topics are probably something best approached not through a zine filled with cartoons and games , but an honest , serious conversation .
I do n't believe in coddling children , or shielding them from reality , but there are ways to introduce children to feminism that are a lot more fun .
As a kid , my favorite books were a series of fantasy novels by Tamora Pierce about a girl who wanted to be a knight .
I read that series - which this site revisited in a post back in May 2008 - until the spines fell apart and the pages were stuck together with maple syrup .
Alanna was a far more accessible feminist hero to me than Germaine Greer , and I do n't think there is anything wrong with that .
She may not have been real , but she opened the door for me to discuss sexism and gender discrimination with my openly feminist mother .
There are so many books out there about strong girls and admirable historical figures , that it does n't make much sense to set kids looking for " Dworkin " in a word search .
Parents should be able to speak with their children about violence and injustice , but to indoctrinate them into feminism through anger seems somehow counterproductive .
Kids need positive role models , people to admire , more than they need someone to hate .
There is time enough for that when they 're a bit older .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Spratz - A Feminist Kidzine [ F Word ]
Spratz [ Zine Library ]
Earlier : Alanna : The First Adventure : For The Crossdressing Knight In Every Girl
A question rarely asked regarding the housing market today is whether prices are affordable .
There seems to be this implicit belief that because prices have fallen so drastically that they somehow must reflect a bargain .
This is not necessarily true .
I think in our consumerist society people are conditioned to automatically assume that a lower price somehow means a good deal .
Go to any mall after the Christmas shopping season and you ’ll see “ amazing ” bargains for 50 , 60 , or even 70 percent off .
But is it really a bargain ?
This question is not often asked yet this is the central tenet to the housing bubble that got many Americans into trouble .
In order to understand the housing market , we need to look at the income of the average American .
Yet this is something that is usually removed from the equation when discussing housing policy .
How do Americans pay for their mortgage ?
From an ever scarcer W - 2 job yet Wall Street and policy makers have somehow consciously avoided focusing on this connection because headline unemployment is at 10 percent .
But let us look at the relation of income to home prices over the decades :
Source : Visual Economics
Now this is a critically important chart .
At the height of the bubble it took 473 percent of the median household income to purchase a median priced home .
Compare this to 297 percent in 1975 .
The current number is 331 percent .
But let us run our own numbers based on Census data .
The median U.S. household income is $ 52,029 according to the 2008 Census ( this number is lower for 2009 but data wo n’t be released until September of 2010 ) .
The current median home price is $ 172,600 .
Median Household income : $ 52,029 Median U.S. home price : $ 172,600
But is this affordable ?
Not necessarily .
First , let us look at the home ownership rate in the U.S .
67.6 percent of U.S. households own their home .
The housing situation is very much a majority issue for average Americans .
This is where most Americans store their wealth .
51 million households have a mortgage while 23 million live in homes with no mortgage at all ( approximately 30 percent ) .
Let us run the numbers for someone looking to buy a home today with a FHA backed loan since this only requires a 3.5 percent down payment .
Here are the numbers :
We ’ll go ahead and use Texas since there is no state income tax there and it will give a better overall net income to the median income household .
After taxes , the family is taking home roughly $ 3,570 per month .
How much money down is need for a FHA backed loan ?
3.5 percent and let us use the $ 172,600 median home price :
Down payment : $ 6,041 Now if we run the numbers , things look okay here : $ 982.60 / $ 3,570 = 27.5 % Debt to Income ( DTI )
Many bankers will even go with gross income so you will have a better ratio .
However , taxes and insurance are other costs associated with owning a home .
In Texas , these run anywhere from 2.5 to 3 percent .
Let us add that in as well :
PI ( $ 982.6 ) + TI ( $ 431.5 ) = $ 1,414 Now , your housing payment is eating up nearly 40 percent of your income : $ 1,414 / $ 3,570 = 39.6 %
What about repairs ?
Landscaping ?
Garbage pickup ?
These are all other items associated with owning a home .
Keep in mind we are using the median priced home in our example and not some extravagant home .
This is what the average American is facing .
Even going back to 1975 , prices would still need to fall to meet that price to income percentage :
$ 50,029 x 2.97 = $ 148,586
The median home price would need to fall an additional 13.9 percent to go back to 1975 affordability levels .
I ’ve seen a few articles mention home prices falling an additional 10 to 15 percent and this seems to fall in line with the above .
Keep in mind this is important because buying a home is now based on income and monthly fixed outlays .
The maximum leverage products like option ARMs are now a thing of the past .
You now have to demonstrate via reportable income that you can afford a home .
With unemployment so high this becomes a challenge .
I always find it fascinating that most charts looking at home prices seem only to go back to the 1970s .
This is when the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve disconnected the dollar from any connection to the gold standard .
But let us look at two other periods of relative good economic times , 1950 and 1960 :
1950 Median household income : $ 3,319 Median home price : $ 7,354 Home price / income = Percent of 221 1960 Median household income : $ 5,620 Median home price : $ 11,900 Home price / income = 211 percent
Now this is interesting data .
If we use the 1960 ratio home prices today would need to be :
$ 50,029 x 2.11 = $ 105,561
A 38.8 percent drop from current levels .
The above chart from 1975 to the current housing peak in the late 2000s shows housing prices going up for nearly 30 years .
Many average Americans simply assumed this was the normal trajectory of home prices .
But the 1950 to 1960 example shows that after one decade , relative to income , home prices in 1960 were actually cheaper than they were in 1950 .
In 1960 the median home price cost about twice the median annual household income .
Some ca n’t even imagine this number and think this would be ruinous for the economy .
Nonsense from the banking industry .
In fact , the 1950s saw some of the best GDP growth :
Now many would argue that the rise of the two income household has pushed home prices up .
But you can easily argue that it now takes two incomes merely to have what those in the 1950s and 1960s had .
Of course this comes from the insidious ability of the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve to siphon off the earning power of average Americans and give massive handouts to the banking industry .
And that is exactly what occurs .
Look back up at the mortgage calculation chart .
Aside from the monthly payment , notice something else ?
The “ cost ” of that cheap 5.85 percent mortgage is going to run you $ 187,176 after 30 years .
In other words , the interest you pay is more than the actual home price .
Now if banks are borrowing near zero from the Fed why not allow average Americans to borrow directly from the Fed since virtually every mortgage is now guaranteed by the taxpayers ?
Because interest and fees , unproductive aspects of our economy are being taken from the banking industry and suffocating the balance sheet of average Americans .
Home prices have gotten more expensive because the crony banking system is hungry for more and more profits .
If banks had to lend their own money , home prices would automatically adjust lower .
Is that necessarily bad ?
This would provide more mobility and less of a focus on homes as commodities and more as a place of shelter .
Take for example the current bust .
Say someone in struggling Detroit finds a job in New York but ca n’t sell his home .
Say that new job utilizes their skills more effectively .
How is their inability to move helping the overall prosperity of our economy ?
It is n’t .
Yet this is the position millions now find themselves in .
I would argue that homes are still very expensive yet the propaganda is flying from the banking industry because they want people to buy homes even though they ca n’t afford them .
Ironically cheaper home prices would help our economy in the long term but this would cut into additional banking profits since they currently hold over priced real estate , both residential and commercial , and want to off load the waste at peak prices to the taxpayer .
The corporatocracy has caused more and more damage to our economy and inflating home prices has been one of the outcomes of giving too much power to the financial sector .
In the 1950s and 1960s when our economy was relatively healthy and booming home prices cost about twice the annual median income .
That number sounds about right even for today .
Yet the propaganda is strong and many simply want to believe that a big drop in prices means homes are now cheap .
Do n’t believe it .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
The secret behind the hot sales of " The Road to Serfdom " by free - market economist F. A. Hayek
By Bruce Caldwell
Friedrich Hayek , Nobel - prize winning economist and well - known proponent of free markets , is having a big month .
He was last seen rap - debating with John Maynard Keynes in the viral video above , ( in which Hayek is portrayed as the sober voice of reason while Keynes overindulges at a party at the Fed ) .
His 1944 book , " The Road to Serfdom , " provided the theme for John Stossel 's Fox Business News program on Valentine 's Day .
Hayek , who died in 1992 , is also reemerging as a bestselling author .
A new edition of Hayek 's seminal book , " The Road to Serfdom , " was published in March 2007 by the University of Chicago Press as part of a series called " The Collected Works of F. A. Hayek , " for which I serve as editor .
For over a year - and - a - half , the book sold respectably , at a clip of about 600 copies a month .
But then , in November 2008 , sales more than quadrupled , and they have n't slowed down since .
What 's more , the Kindle edition went on sale in late May 2009 and is now the best - selling book that the University of Chicago Press has offered in that format .
This would be a pretty good sales record for a contemporary author , but it is nothing short of amazing for a book originally published in 1944 , and by an economist , no less .
What accounts for it ?
I would like to think that it 's due to the exceptional editing I did on the volume , but , alas , I think there is something larger going on .
First off , the November 2008 sales spike date certainly suggests that Obama 's election and the passing of control of both houses of Congress to the Democrats may have been an initial factor .
The Republicans had been walloped , and some sought principled arguments that could be used to combat the policies of the party in power .
Even though Hayek himself disdained having his ideas attached to either party , he nonetheless provided arguments about the dangers of the unbridled growth of government .
Another early impetus may have been the characterization of the health care debate as being about socialized medicine .
Hayek , whose book is perhaps the most famous attack on socialist central planning , would naturally be invoked by the health plan 's opponents .
But perhaps the biggest stimulus to sales was , well , the stimulus package .
The macroeconomic analyses of John Maynard Keynes had gone quickly out of vogue in the 1970s , when a decade of stagflation delivered a death blow to the notion of Keynesian fine - tuning of the economy .
But in early 2009 , people were talking about Keynes again , and indeed the fiscal stimulus package , to the extent that it had a theoretical underpinning , would find one in Keynesian economics .
( The Fed 's policy of flooding the financial system with liquidity , on the other hand , finds its grounding in the economic analysis of Milton Friedman , the father of monetarism , a doctrine that used to be portrayed in introductory macroeconomics classes as the chief rival to Keynesian thought . )
Because Keynes and Hayek actually did have a great debate over their rival theoretical models of a monetary economy in the early 1930s , just as the Slump of 1930 was turning into the Great Depression , it seemed natural for opponents of these policies to turn to Hayek 's writings .
( For those who are interested in this episode , I recommend a perusal of volume 9 of The Collected Works , Contra Keynes and Cambridge . )
Not only is " The Road to Serfdom " still relevant in our own time , it has something else going for it , too .
It is actually readable .
Anyone who has tried to master Keynes 's " General Theory , " or for that matter Hayek 's rival title " Prices and Production , " will find the going pretty tough .
Not so for " The Road to Serfdom , " a book that was condensed by Reader 's Digest in April 1945 , just as the war in Europe was ending .
Plus , " The Road to Serfdom " is , simply put , a great , evocative title .
And with 10 percent unemployment , people certainly have more time to read it .
In the end , however , I think that the underlying reason for the sustained interest in Hayek 's book is that it taps into a profound dissatisfaction in the public mind with the machinations of its government .
Both Presidents Bush and Obama have presided over huge growth in the size of the federal government and in the size of the federal deficit , with little obvious effect on unemployment .
Things seem out of control .
Furthermore , a recurrent theme in the news is that , in contrast to the millions who are suffering , the politically connected are doing just fine .
The examples are everywhere , from bailed out financiers getting huge bonuses to public union employees getting hefty pensions , from auto companies that are nationalized instead of going belly up to politically savvy firms that get government subsidies to produce products that would be otherwise unprofitable .
For people upset by such trends , " The Road to Serfdom " opens a window onto another time , when debates about how best to restructure an economy emerging from wartime were taking place .
Such debates , as the strong sales of the book clearly show , still have resonance today .
-- Bruce Caldwell is a professor of economics and director of the Center for the History of Political Economy at Duke University and general editor of " The Collected Works of F. A. Hayek . "
By Steven E. Levingston | February 17 , 2010 ; 5:30 AM ET Politics , Steven Levingston
Previous : Poet 's Choice : " Embedded in the Language " by Maxine Chernoff | Next :
How the conservative media harm democracy
Posted by : Avid-Reader | February 17 , 2010 10:48 AM
Posted by : ContrarianLibertarian | February 17 , 2010 4:55 PM
Posted by : piniella | February 17 , 2010 9:04 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
When a hospital or temporary agency wants to hire a nurse , there ’s no easy way to check whether the person has run afoul of regulators elsewhere in the country .
A solution has sat in the hands of federal bureaucrats more than two decades -- but it ’s off limits to most employers .
In 1987 , Congress ordered federal health officials to create a database of state disciplinary actions against nurses and other health professionals .
The information was to be added to a database of similar information about doctors , which was opened up to hospitals and other eligible health employers in 1990 .
But the move to add the nurses and others got caught in years of technological difficulties , uncertainty over what should be released and questions about who ’d foot the bill .
Currently , only federal and state agencies and health plans , such as HMOs , are allowed access to the information about nurses .
If hospitals could gain access , “ then it would be very hard to hide any action taken against you anywhere in the country , ” said Katherine Eaves , chief nursing officer for Riverside County Regional Medical Center .
An official at the U.S. Health Resources and Services Administration said the information on nurses and other health professionals should be available next year .
There is one obstacle remaining , however :
Under the law , temp agencies would be allowed to search a nurse ’s background only if they were designated as agents of particular hospitals or other authorized users .
Hospitals might not be willing to designate multiple staffing firms as their agents .
“ The way our industry works is really crazy , ” said Mark Stagen , chief executive officer of Emerald Health Services , a temp firm in Marina del Rey .
“ You ’ve got people with lives in their hands , and there ’s no effective way to check if they ’ve had serious problems . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An independent group designed to give " politically neutral " information about the risks of drugs is being launched .
It has been set up by the government 's former chief drugs adviser , David Nutt , who was sacked last October for criticising government policy .
The Independent Council on Drug Harms consists of about 20 specialists .
Prof Nutt has said the group will be " very powerful " and its " goal " will be to take over from the official Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs .
' Focus on science '
Several former and current ACMD members are among the specialists in drugs , addiction and medicine who have joined the group , which held its first private meeting on Thursday .
I think in a way we will take over that particular role of the ACMD
Professor David Nutt BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said he understood the new organisation had secured funding from a benefactor for three years .
It is also being supported by the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies think tank .
When he announced his plans for the group , Prof Nutt said : " We have a really very , very powerful grouping - more powerful than the ACMD in the past has ever managed to pull together . "
He said the new body would provide independent scientific evidence about the effects of drugs .
" I think in a way we will take over that particular role of the ACMD , " said Prof Nutt .
" We 're going to focus on the science and the ACMD can continue , if it likes , to deal with issues about treatment provision , about social policy etc . "
Prof Nutt was sacked by Home Secretary Alan Johnson last October after publicly disagreeing with the government 's decision to re-classify cannabis as a Class B drug and not to downgrade ecstasy .
Appointment overshadowed Five ACMD members then resigned in the row that followed Prof Nutt 's departure .
It later emerged that two other ACMD members had also stepped down , though the Home Office said their departures were unrelated to the Nutt affair .
On Wednesday the Home Office named pharmacology specialist Les Iversen as the new chairman of the ACMD , but the appointment was overshadowed by the revelation he had once backed the legalisation of cannabis .
In an article in 2003 , Prof Iverson wrote that cannabis had been " incorrectly " classified as a dangerous drug for almost 50 years and said it was one of the " safer " recreational drugs .
However , he told BBC Radio 5 live he had since changed his mind because of new evidence about the dangers of cannabis .
It was the home secretary 's prerogative to make decisions about drug classification and accept or reject scientific advice , Prof Iverson added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yes , LOST enthusiasts , I know this comic does n’t reflect what is actually going on this season .
Just consider this an exasperated cartoonist ’s rendition of what may as well be going on .
Related
( CNN ) --
An American accused of sexually abusing boys he was supposed to help in Haiti now faces additional charges , federal court records show .
Douglas Perlitz , 39 , was arrested in September after a federal grand jury indicted him on 10 counts related to the abuse of nine boys over a period of 10 years .
Last week , a superseding indictment brought an additional nine counts against Perlitz , and alleges he abused a total of 18 boys .
Perlitz founded and operated a home and school for needy children in Haiti , known as Project Pierre Toussaint , which has since closed .
He is accused of enticing the boys with promises of food and shelter and with gifts such as cell phones and cash , in exchange for sexual acts .
According to the new indictment in federal district court in Connecticut , Perlitz provided money and told one of the boys that he would not be kicked out of the school even if he failed his classes .
He allegedly offered another boy and his family money and other benefits , and in another case , gave a television , shoes , clothes and meals to another boy , all in exchange for sexual acts and their silence .
Those who did not cooperate with Perlitz were denied benefits , the indictment states .
Perlitz was arrested in September at his home in Colorado , but he had lived for years in Haiti , according to the U.S. Department of Justice .
The Haiti Fund Inc. , the nonprofit fundraising arm of his project , was incorporated in Connecticut , where Perlitz had attended Fairfield University .
If convicted , Perlitz would face a maximum of 30 years in prison and fine of $ 2.5 million , according to the Justice Department .
In times of crisis , good news is no news .
Iceland ’s meltdown made headlines ; the remarkable stability of Canada ’s banks , not so much .
Yet as the world ’s attention shifts from financial rescue to financial reform , the quiet success stories deserve at least as much attention as the spectacular failures .
We need to learn from those countries that evidently did it right .
And leading that list is our neighbor to the north .
Right now , Canada is a very important role model .
Yes , I know , Canada is supposed to be dull .
The New Republic famously pronounced “ Worthwhile Canadian Initiative ” ( from a Times Op - Ed column in the ’ 80s ) the world ’s most boring headline .
But I ’ve always considered Canada fascinating , precisely because it ’s similar to the United States in many but not all ways .
The point is that when Canadian and U.S. experience diverge , it ’s a very good bet that policy differences , rather than differences in culture or economic structure , are responsible for that divergence .
And anyway , when it comes to banking , boring is good .
First , some background .
Over the past decade the United States and Canada faced the same global environment .
Both were confronted with the same flood of cheap goods and cheap money from Asia .
Economists in both countries cheerfully declared that the era of severe recessions was over .
Millennials stand out for their technology use , but older generations also embrace digital life
Millennials have often led older Americans in their adoption and use of technology .
But there has also been significant growth in tech adoption in recent years among older generations .
AP /AFP
FOR six decades now , Taiwan has been where the simmering distrust between China and America most risks boiling over .
In 1986 Deng Xiaoping called it the “ one obstacle in Sino - US relations ” .
So there was something almost ritualistic about the Chinese government 's protestations this week that it was shocked , shocked and angered by America 's decision to sell Taiwan $ 6 billion - worth of weaponry .
Under the Taiwan Relations Act , passed in 1979 , all American administrations must help arm Taiwan so that it can defend itself .
And China , which has never renounced what it says is its right to “ reunify ” Taiwan by force , feels just as bound to protest when arms deals go through .
After a squall briefly roils the waters , relations revert to their usual choppy but unthreatening passage .
With luck , this will happen again .
But the squalls are increasing in number , and the world 's most important bilateral relationship is getting stormy .
If it goes wrong , historians will no doubt heap much of the blame on China 's aggression ; but they will also measure Barack Obama on this issue , perhaps more than any other .
The China ascendancy
As if to highlight the underlying dangers , China has this time gone further than the usual blood - and - thunder warnings and suspension of military contacts ( see article ) .
It has threatened sanctions against American firms and the withdrawal of co-operation on international issues .
Those threats , if carried out , would damage China 's interests seriously , so its use of them suggests that it hopes it can persuade Mr Obama to buckle — if not on this sale then perhaps on Taiwan 's mooted future purchases of advanced jet - fighters .
But the unusual ferocity of the Chinese regime 's response also points to three dangerous undercurrents .
The first is the failure of China 's Taiwan policy .
Under the presidency of Ma Ying - jeou , Taiwan 's relations with the mainland have been better than ever before .
Travel , trade and tourist links have strengthened .
A free - trade agreement is under negotiation .
Yet there is little sign of progress towards China 's main goal of “ peaceful reunification ” .
Most Taiwanese want both economic co-operation and de facto independence .
A similar failure haunts policy in Tibet , where our correspondent , on a rarely permitted trip to the region , found the attempt to buy Tibetans ' loyalty through the fruits of development apparently futile ( see article ) .
As talks between China and the emissaries of the Dalai Lama ended in the usual stalemate this week , China warned Mr Obama against his planned meeting with Tibet 's exiled spiritual leader .
Again , nothing new in that .
There is , however , a new self - confidence these days in China 's familiar harangues about anything it deems sovereign .
That is the second trend : China , after its successful passage through the financial crisis of late 2008 , is more assertive and less tolerant of being thwarted — and not just over its “ internal affairs ” .
From its perceived position of growing economic strength , China has been throwing its weight around .
It played a central and largely unhelpful role at the climate - change talks in Copenhagen ; it looks as if it will wreck a big - power consensus over Iran 's nuclear programme ; it has picked fights in territorial disputes with India , Japan and Vietnam .
At gatherings of all sorts , Chinese officials now want to have their say , and expect to be heeded .
This suggests a dangerous third trend .
As China has opened its economy since 1978 , it has been frantically engaged in catching up with the rich West .
That has led to the idea , even among many Chinese , that it would gradually become more “ Western ” .
The slump in the West , however , has undermined that assumption .
Many Chinese now feel they have little to learn from the rich world .
On the contrary , a “ Beijing consensus ” has been gaining ground , extolling the virtues of decisive authoritarianism over shilly - shallying democratic debate .
In the margins of international conferences such as the recent Davos forum , even American officials mutter despairingly about their own “ dysfunctional ” political system .
A swing not a seesaw
Two dangers arise from this loss of Western self - confidence .
One is of trying to placate China .
The delay in Mr Obama 's meeting with the Dalai Lama in order to smooth his visit to China in November gave too much ground , as well as turning an issue of principle into a bargaining chip .
America needs to stand firmer .
Beefing up the deterrent capacity of Taiwan , which China continues to threaten with hundreds of missiles , is in the interests of peace .
Mr Obama should therefore proceed with the arms sales and European governments should back him .
If American companies , such as Boeing , lose Chinese custom for political reasons , European firms should not be allowed to supplant them .
On the other hand the West should not be panicked into unnecessary confrontation .
Rather than ganging up on China in an effort to “ contain ” it , the West would do better to get China to take up its share of the burden of global governance .
Too often China wants the power due a global giant while shrugging off the responsibilities , saying that it is still a poor country .
It must be encouraged to play its part — for instance , on climate change , on Iran and by allowing its currency to appreciate .
As the world 's largest exporter , China 's own self - interest lies in a harmonious world order and robust trading system .
It is in the economic field that perhaps the biggest danger lies .
Already the Obama administration has shown itself too ready to resort to trade sanctions against China .
If China now does the same using a political pretext , while the cheapness of its currency keeps its trade surplus large , it is easy to imagine a clamour in Congress for retaliation met by a further Chinese nationalist backlash .
That is why the administration and China 's government need to work together to pre-empt trouble .
Some see confrontation as inevitable when a rising power elbows its way to the top table .
But America and China are not just rivals for global influence , they are also mutually dependent economies with everything to gain from co-operation .
Nobody will prosper if disagreements become conflicts .
Words of Man Thought to be ' Vegetable ' Were False Doctors say Rom Houben was not really communicating through assited technology .
Feb. 23 , 2010  --
When the story broke in November that a paralyzed Belgian man , who had been diagnosed as being in a vegetative state for 23 years supposedly typed words , people across the world were captivated .
" I shall never forget the day when they discovered what was truly wrong with me -- it was my second birth , " 46 - year - old Rom Houben supposedly told the German magazine Der Spiegel , communicating via a keyboard and an assistant .
Houben 's doctors have now concluded those words were not his own , but say brain scans show activity and the diagnosis that he is in a vegetative state still appears to be wrong .
Immediately after Houben appeared in the media , skeptics cried foul over the facilitated communication method in which an assistant holds the hand of the paralyzed person over a keyboard and waits for slight movements as a signal to type .
According to a Feb. 20 interview with Agence France Presse , Houben 's neurologist Dr. Steven Laureys said additional testing showed that facilitated communication indeed " did not work in the majority of cases . "
For example , if an object was shown just to Houben while his assistant typist was out of the room , Houben could not describe it when the assistant came back to help him type .
Critics of facilitated communication guess either slight involuntary movements are misinterpreted by the assistant , or assistants may even be intentionally speaking for the paralyzed .
Yet , brain scans still show that Houben 's mind is far too active for him to be considered in a vegetative state .
Now that his words typed out by facilitated communication have been debunked , exactly what Houben is thinking or how much he is thinking is still a mystery .
What Could be Happening in Houben 's Mind ?
After Houben 's car crash in 1983 , doctors diagnosed him as being in a vegetative state -- meaning his brain is so damaged that he is incapable of conscious thoughts , but his brain stem is working well enough to keep him alive and for Houben to go through wake and sleep cycles .
As Dr. James L. Bernat of the American Academy of Neurology explained , " awake " can be different from " conscious . "
The Difference Between Awake and Conscious
" One is called wakefulness ; eyes open , eyes moving -- that element is conducted primarily by the brainstem , " Bernat said .
" The second dimension of consciousness requires self - awareness -- they ( the patients ) are aware of what 's going on , they can feel , they can think .
A person in a vegetative state may be awake , but is not conscious .
A vegetative state is also different from a coma , which is a state of full paralysis and full unconsciousness similar to the experience of going under anesthesia .
Decades after Houben 's accident , he was sent to Laureys of the University of Liege in Belgium , where doctors use new brain imaging to retest patients who were diagnosed as being in a vegetative state .
In a small imaging study of 44 patients thought to be in a vegetative state , Laureys found 18 of them responded to communication , according to the Gaurdian .
In a separate paper published in the journal Neuroradiology , Laureys wrote that he found three patients , including Houben , were misdiagnosed as being in a vegetative state with an old technique called the Glasgow Coma Scale , which is a 15 - point check list of eye and motor movements in response to questions .
Doctors could tell Houben was not in a vegetative state , but they could n't tell from scans alone exactly how conscious he was .
He could be " locked - in , " meaning he was fully conscious and aware but too paralyzed to communicate , or he could be what 's called " minimally conscious . "
Unlike a coma or a vegetative state , neurologists define a third state in people with brain injuries as " minimally conscious , " which is a state of semi- consciousness and limited self - awareness .
In 1994 , an article in the New England Journal of Medicine estimated there were 15,000 to 30,000 people living in a vegetative state in the United States .
A 2002 article in the journal Neurology estimated between 112,000 to 280,000 people in the United States are living in what is known as a " minimally conscious " state .
In a minimally conscious person , " there may be parts of the brain that are able to generate certain types of thoughts similar to what a conscious person would do , but they 're still quite devastated and quite injured , " said Dr. Paul M. Vespa , director of Neurocritical Care at the David Geffen School of Medicine at the University of California , Los Angeles .
" There are probably a very small number of patients who are in this minimally conscious state , " Vespa said .
" The exciting thing is , is that maybe there 's a potential for rehabilitation . "
Overview
In this tutorial , learn to design a disk partitioning layout for a Linux system .
Learn to :
Allocate filesystems and swap space to separate partitions or disks
Tailor the design to the intended use of the system
Ensure the system can be booted
Understand the basic features of Logical Volume Manager ( LVM )
Linux filesystems
A Linux filesystem contains files that are arranged on a disk or other block storage device in directories .
As with many other systems , directories on a Linux system can contain other directories called subdirectories .
Unlike a system such as Microsoft® Windows ® with a concept of separate file systems on different drive letters ( A : , C : , and so on ) , a Linux filesystem is a single tree with the / directory as its root directory .
About this series
This series of tutorials helps you learn Linux system administration tasks .
You can also use the material in these tutorials to prepare for the Linux Professional Institute ’s LPIC - 1 : Linux Server Professional Certification exams .
See “ Learn Linux , 101 : A roadmap for LPIC - 1 ” for a description of and link to each tutorial in this series .
The roadmap is in progress and reflects the version 4.0 objectives of the LPIC - 1 exams as updated April 15th , 2015 .
As tutorials are completed , they will be added to the roadmap .
This tutorial helps you prepare for Objective 102.1 in Topic 102 of the Linux Server Professional ( LPIC - 1 ) exam 101 .
The objective has a weight of 2 .
Note :
This tutorial deals mostly with planning the layout .
For the implementation steps , see the tutorials for Topic 104 ( described in our series roadmap ) .
Prerequisites
To get the most from the tutorials in this series , you should have a basic knowledge of Linux and a working Linux system on which you can practice the commands covered in this tutorial .
Sometimes different versions of a program will format output differently , so your results might not always look exactly like the listings and figures shown here .
Branching out with mount
You might wonder why disk layout is important if the filesystem is just one big tree .
Well , what really happens is that each block device , such as a hard drive partition , CD - ROM , or floppy disk , actually has a filesystem on it .
You create the single tree view of the filesystem by mounting the filesystems on different devices at a point in the tree called a mount point .
Usually , the kernel starts this mount process by mounting the filesystem on some hard drive partition as /.
You can mount other hard drive partitions as / boot , / tmp , or /home .
You can mount the filesystem on a floppy drive as / mnt / floppy , and the filesystem on a CD - ROM as / media / cdrom1 , for example .
You can also mount files from other systems using a networked filesystem such as NFS .
There are other types of file mounts , but this gives you an idea of the process .
While the mount process actually mounts the filesystem on some device , it is common to simply say that you “ mount the device , ” which is understood to mean “ mount the filesystem on the device . ”
Now , suppose you have just mounted the root file system ( / ) and you want to mount a CD - ROM , / dev/ sr0 , at the mount point / media / cdrom .
The mount point must exist before you mount the CD - ROM over it .
When you mount the CD - ROM , the files and subdirectories on the CD - ROM become the files and subdirectories in and below / media / cdrom .
Any files or subdirectories that were already in / media / cdrom are no longer visible , although they still exist on the block device that contained the mount point / media / cdrom .
If the CD - ROM is unmounted , then the original files and subdirectories become visible again .
You should avoid this problem by not placing other files in a directory intended for use as a mount point .
Table 1 shows the shows the directories required in / by the Filesystem Hierarchy Standard ( for more detail on FHS , see resources on th right ) .
Table 1 . FHS directories in / Directory Description bin Essential command binaries boot Static files of the boot loader dev Device files etc Host - specific system configuration lib Essential shared libraries and kernel modules media Mount point for removable media mnt Mount point for mounting a filesystem temporarily opt Add - on application software packages sbin Essential system binaries srv Data for services provided by this system tmp Temporary files usr Secondary hierarchy var Variable data
Partitions
The first SCSI drive is usually / dev/sda .
On an older Linux system , the first IDE hard drive is / dev/hda .
With the advent of serially attached ( SATA ) IDE drives , a mixed PATA / SATA system would sometimes use / dev/hda for the first PATA drive and / dev/sda for the first SATA drive .
On newer systems , all IDE drives are named / dev/sda , / dev/sdb , and so on .
The change of name for IDE drives is a result of the hotplug system , which initially supported USB drives .
Hotplug allows you to plug in new devices and use them immediately and is now used for all devices whether they are built into the system or plugged later into a running system using USB or Firewire ( IEEE 1394 ) or potentially other types of connection .
MBR partitions
Traditionally , a hard drive is formatted into 512 byte sectors .
All the sectors on a disk platter that can be read without moving the head constitute a track .
Disks usually have more than one platter .
The collection of tracks on the various platters that can be read without moving the head is called a cylinder .
The geometry of a hard drive is expressed in cylinders , tracks ( or heads ) per cylinder , and sectors / track .
At the time of this writing , drive manufacturers are starting to introduce disks with 4 K sectors .
If a filesystem still assumes 512 byte sectors , you can lose performance if a partition does not start at a sector that is on a 4 K boundary .
Limitations on the possible sizes for cylinders , heads , and sectors used with DOS operating systems on PC systems resulted in BIOS translating geometry values so that larger hard drives could be supported .
Eventually , even these methods were insufficient .
More recent developments in disk drive technology have led to logical block addressing ( LBA ) , so the CHS geometry measurements are less important , and the reported geometry on a modern disk bears little or no relation to the real physical sector layout .
The larger disks in use today have forced an extension to LBA known as LBA48 , which reserves up to 48 bits for sector numbers .
A new format called GUID Partition Table ( GPT ) is now being used for larger drives instead of the MBR format .
GPT drives support up to 128 partitions by default .
The space on a hard drive is divided ( or partitioned ) into partitions .
Partitions cannot overlap ; space that is not allocated to a partition is called free space .
The partitions have names like / dev/hda1 , / dev/hda2 , / dev/hda3 , / dev/sda1 , and so on .
IDE drives are limited to 63 partitions on systems that do not use hotplug support for IDE drives .
SCSI drives , USB drives , and IDE drives supported by hotplug are limited to 15 partitions .
A partition used to be allocated as an integral number of cylinders ( based on the possibly inaccurate notion of a cylinder ) .
There are still vestigial remains of cylinder allocation , such as the - C option of parted , which specifies that allocation of new partitions should be on cylinder boundaries .
You can use either the fdisk or parted commands to display partition information on MBR disks .
Both commands can operate interactively , or you can pass parameters on the command line .
You can use the -v parameter of either to display information about the program version .
Both support several different units for displaying and allocation partitions .
Listing 1 shows an example of using fdisk with parameters and parted interactively to display the partitions on an MBR formatted disk using sectors as units .
You will need to be root or have root authority via sudo , as shown here , to display or manipulate the partition table .
Note :
All of these partitioning tools will keep changes in memory until you choose to write the updates to disk .
If in doubt , QUIT :
You might render your disk or system unusable if you do not know what you are doing or you make a mistake .
Listing 1 . Displaying MBR partitions with fdisk and parted [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ fdisk ‑v fdisk from util‑linux 2.26.2 [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ fdisk ‑l / dev/sdb fdisk : cannot open / dev/sdb : Permission denied [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo fdisk ‑l / dev/sdb [ sudo ] password for ian : Disk / dev/sdb : 232.9 GiB , 250059350016 bytes , 488397168 sectors Units : sectors of 1 * 512 = 512 bytes Sector size ( logical / physical ) : 512 bytes / 512 bytes I/O size ( minimum / optimal ) : 512 bytes / 512 bytes Disklabel type : dos Disk identifier : 0x000404d6 Device Boot Start End Sectors Size Id Type /dev/sdb1 63 401624 401562 196.1M 83 Linux / dev/sdb2 401625 252786687 252385063 120.4G 83 Linux /dev/sdb3 252786688 375631871 122845184 58.6G 83 Linux / dev/sdb4 375647895 488392064 112744170 53.8G 83 Linux [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo parted / dev/sdb GNU Parted 3.2 Using / dev/sdb Welcome to GNU Parted !
Type ' help ' to view a list of commands .
( parted ) help u unit UNIT set the default unit to UNIT UNIT is one of : s , B , kB , MB , GB , TB , compact , cyl , chs , % , kiB , MiB , GiB , TiB ( parted ) u s ( parted ) p Model : ATA HDT722525DLA380 ( scsi ) Disk / dev/sdb : 488397168s Sector size ( logical / physical ) : 512B/512B Partition Table : msdos Disk Flags : Number Start End Size Type File system Flags 1 63s 401624s 401562s primary ext3 2 401625s 252786687s 252385063s primary ext4 3 252786688s 375631871s 122845184s primary ext3 4 375647895s 488392064s 112744170s primary ext4 ( parted ) q Show more
Show more icon
Note that the sector size is given as both logical and physical .
Since late 2009 , hard drive companies have started migrating to larger sectors on disk .
These larger sectors provide improved performance and better error recovery .
Disks using these larger 4 K sectors are called Advanced Format by IDEMA ( The International Disk Drive Equipment and Materials Association ) .
See resources on the right for more information .
Because most operating systems expect 512 byte sectors , Advanced Format drives provide 512 byte sector emulation .
Performance is generally improved if a partition starts on a logical sector that is a multiple of 4096 ( sector 0 , 8 , 16 , and so on ) .
You can see the nominal geometry on a Linux system using either parted or fdisk .
Older Linux systems also reported geometry in the / proc filesystem , in a file such as / proc / ide / hda / geometry , a file that might not be present on newer systems .
If two different partitioning programs have different understandings of the nominal disk geometry , it is possible for one partitioning program to report an error or possible problem with partitions created by another partitioning program .
You might also see this kind of problem if a disk is moved from one system to another , particularly if the BIOS capabilities are different .
You can use fdisk to display units in cylinders , using the - u=cylinders option , or you can use the u subcommand in interactive mode to toggle between sectors and cylinders .
Recent versions of fdisk will tell you that the cylinders unit is now deprecated .
The parted command supports several different units .
Listing 2 displays partition information in cylinders using fdisk and parted for the same disk as used in Listing 1 .
We also illustrate greater detail using the chs ( cylinder , head , sector ) unit available in parted .
For this example we ’ll use fdisk interactively , and show you how to enter a string of parted subcommands on the command line .
Listing 2 . Displaying MBR disk geometry with fdisk and parted [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo fdisk / dev/sdb Welcome to fdisk ( util‑linux 2.26.2 ) .
Changes will remain in memory only , until you decide to write them .
Be careful before using the write command .
Command ( m for help ) : u Changing display / entry units to cylinders ( DEPRECATED ! ) .
Command ( m for help ) : p Disk / dev/sdb : 232.9 GiB , 250059350016 bytes , 488397168 sectors Geometry : 255 heads , 63 sectors / track , 30401 cylinders Units : cylinders of 16065 * 512 = 8225280 bytes Sector size ( logical / physical ) : 512 bytes / 512 bytes I/O size ( minimum / optimal ) : 512 bytes / 512 bytes Disklabel type : dos Disk identifier : 0x000404d6 Device Boot Start End Cylinders Size Id Type /dev/sdb1 1 25 25 196.1M 83 Linux / dev/sdb2 26 15736 15711 120.4G 83 Linux / dev/sdb3 15736 23383 7647 58.6G 83 Linux / dev/sdb4 23384 30401 7019 53.8G 83 Linux Command ( m for help ) : q [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo parted / dev/sdb u cyl p u chs p Model : ATA HDT722525DLA380 ( scsi ) Disk / dev/sdb : 30401cyl Sector size ( logical / physical ) : 512B/512B BIOS cylinder , head , sector geometry : 30401,255,63 .
Each cylinder is 8225 kB.
Partition Table : msdos Disk Flags : Number Start End Size Type File system Flags 1 0cyl 24cyl 24cyl primary ext3 2 25cyl 15735cyl 15710cyl primary ext4 3 15735cyl 23382cyl 7646cyl primary ext3 4 23383cyl 30400cyl 7018cyl primary ext4 Model : ATA HDT722525DLA380 ( scsi ) Disk / dev/sdb : 30401,80,62 Sector size ( logical / physical ) : 512B/512B BIOS cylinder , head , sector geometry : 30401,255,63 .
Each cylinder is 8225 kB.
Partition Table : msdos Disk Flags : Number Start End Type File system Flags 1 0,1,0 24,254,62 primary ext3 2 25,0,0 15735,62,6 primary ext4 3 15735,62,7 23382,0,41 primary ext3 4 23383,0,0 30400,254,62 primary ext4
Show more
Show more icon
Note the apparent discrepancy between the starting cylinder and ending cylinders shown by parted and fdisk output when using cylinders as the unit .
This is due to the fact that parted starts counting cylinders at 0 , while fdisk starts counting them at 1 .
As you can see from the parted display of chs information , two partitions do n’t start on a cylinder boundary ( head not equal to 0 ) and two do not end on a cylinder boundary ( sector not equal to 62 ) .
GPT partitions
Disks formatted with the GUID Partition Table ( GPT ) do not have the concept of geometry as MBR disks do .
For these disks you use the gdisk ( GPT fdisk ) command or parted .
If you use gdisk on an MBR formatted disk it will do an in -memory conversion of the disk to GPT format .
You can write this to convert the disk , but this is a very risky operation , so make sure you have a good backup before you try it .
Note : GPT was designed for use with a UEFI - based ( Unified Extensible Firmware Interface ) system rather than a BIOS - based system to boot from a GPT disk , although there are ways around this .
When planning your partitions keep this in mind .
In Listing 3 we use parted with the -l option to display information about all the disks on a system that has two GPT disks .
One ( / dev/sda ) is the original solid state drive ( SSD ) as supplied by Lenovo with Windows 8 .
The second ( / dev/sdb ) is a 16GB USB flash drive with Ubuntu 15.04 installed .
Listing 3 . Displaying GPT partitions with parted and gdisk ian@yoga‑u15 : ~$ sudo parted ‑l Model : ATA SAMSUNG MZMTD512 ( scsi ) Disk / dev/sda : 512GB Sector size ( logical / physical ) : 512B/512B Partition Table : gpt Disk Flags : Number Start End Size File system Name Flags 1 1049 kB 1050 MB 1049 MB ntfs Basic data partition hidden , diag 2 1050 MB 1322 MB 273MB fat32 EFI system partition boot , hidden , esp 3 1322 MB 2371 MB 1049 MB fat32 Basic data partition hidden 4 2371 MB 2505 MB 134MB Microsoft reserved partition msftres 5 2505 MB 470 GB 467GB ntfs Basic data partition msftdata 6 470 GB 497GB 26.8 GB ntfs Basic data partition msftdata 7 497GB 512GB 15.5 GB ntfs Basic data partition hidden , diag Model : USB DISK 2.0 ( scsi ) Disk / dev/sdb : 32.1 GB Sector size ( logical / physical ) : 512B/512B Partition Table : gpt Disk Flags : Number Start End Size File system Name Flags 1 1049 kB 316MB 315 MB bios_grub 2 316MB 4510 MB 4194MB linux‑swap( v1 ) 3 4510 MB 32.1 GB 27.6GB ext4 ian@yoga‑u15 :~$ sudo gdisk ‑l / dev/sdb GPT fdisk ( gdisk ) version 0.8.10 Partition table scan : MBR : protective BSD : not present APM : not present GPT : present Found valid GPT with protective MBR ; using GPT .
Disk / dev/sdb : 62685184 sectors , 29.9 GiB Logical sector size : 512 bytes Disk identifier ( GUID ) : FEE4E37D‑AE90‑43A1‑A6A7‑97ADA4618384
Partition table holds up to 128 entries
First usable sector is 34 , last usable sector is 62685150 Partitions will be aligned on 2048 ‑sector boundaries Total free space is 4029 sectors ( 2.0 MiB ) Number Start ( sector ) End ( sector ) Size Code Name 1 2048 616447 300.0 MiB EF02 2 616448 8808447 3.9 GiB 8200 3 8808448 62683135 25.7 GiB 8300 Show more
Show more icon
MBR Partition types
IDE drives formatted for MBR use have three types of partition : primary , logical , and extended .
The partition table is located in the master boot record ( MBR ) of a disk .
The MBR is the first sector on the disk , so the partition table is not a very large part of it .
This limits the number of primary partitions on a disk to four .
When more than four partitions are required , as is often the case , one of the primary partitions must instead become an extended partition .
An extended partition is a container for one or more logical partitions .
In this way , you can have more than four partitions on a drive using the MBR layout .
The MBR layout also limits the maximum size of disk that is supported to approximately 2TB .
The newer GUID Partition Table ( or GPT ) layout solves this size limitation and also the rather small limitation on the number of partitions .
A disk formatted using GPT layout supports up to 128 primary partitions by default and does not use extended or logical partitions .
For more information on MBR internals and how the GUID Partition Table ( GPT ) works , see MBR , EBR , GPT , and LVM internals .
An extended partition is simply a container for one , or usually more , logical partitions .
This partitioning scheme was originally used with MS DOS and PC DOS and permits PC disks to be used by DOS , Windows , or Linux systems .
You can have only one extended partition and the space within it must be contiguous .
Data is stored in the logical partitions within the extended partition .
You can not store data in an extended partition without first creating a logical partition within it .
Linux numbers primary or extended partitions as 1 through 4 , so dev/sda can have four primary partitions , / dev/sda1 , / dev/sda2 , / dev/sda3 , and / dev/sda4 .
Or it can have up to three primary partitions and one extended partition .
A common layout is to have a single primary partition / dev/sda1 and an extended partition / dev/sda2 .
If logical partitions are defined , they are numbered starting at 5 , so the first logical partition on / dev/sda will be / dev/sda5 , even if there are no primary partitions and one extended partition ( / dev/sda1 ) on the disk .
So if you want more than four partitions on an IDE drive , you will lose one partition number to the extended partition .
Although the theoretical maximum number of partitions on an IDE drive is now limited to 15 for kernels with hotplug , you might or might not be able to create the last few .
Be careful to check that everything can work if you plan on using more than 12 partitions on a drive .
Listing 4 shows the output from the parted command p for an internal drive with primary , extended , and logical partitions on a Fedora 22 system .
Note the different filesystem types and compare them with earlier listings , including the GPT listings .
Listing 4 .
An example of MBR partition types [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo parted / dev/sda p Model : ATA WDC WD6401AALS‑0 ( scsi ) Disk / dev/sda : 640 GB Sector size ( logical / physical ) : 512B/512B Partition Table : msdos Disk Flags : Number Start End Size Type File system Flags 1 32.3 kB 1045 MB 1045 MB primary ext3 2 1045 MB 11.5 GB 10.5 GB primary linux‑swap ( v1 ) 4 11.5 GB 640 GB 629 GB extended 5 11.5 GB 85.7GB 74.2 GB logical ext4 boot 6 85.7GB 159GB 73.4GB logical ext4 7 159GB 233GB 74.1 GB logical ext4 8 233GB 307GB 74.1 GB logical ext3 9 307GB 381GB 73.9GB logical ext3 10 381GB 470 GB 89.1 GB logical ext4 11 470 GB 552GB 82.2GB logical ext4 12 552GB 640 GB 87.7GB logical ext4 Show more Show more icon
Logical Volume Manager ( LVM )
Now that you understand the various types of partitions , you might wonder what happens if you do n’t plan the right sizes for your various partitions .
How do you expand or contract them ?
Or what happens if you need more space than the capacity of a single disk for a large filesystem ?
Enter Logical Volume Manager ( LVM ) .
With LVM , you can abstract the management of your disk space so a single filesystem can span multiple disks or partitions and you easily can add or remove space from filesystems .
The current version is lvm2 , which is backwards compatible with the original lvm ( sometimes now called lvm1 ) .
LVM manages disk space using :
Physical Volumes ( PVs )
Volume Groups ( VGs )
Logical Volumes ( LVs )
A Physical Volume is either a whole drive or a partition on a drive .
Although LVM can use the whole drive without having a partition defined , this is not usually a good idea as you will see in the section MBR , EBR , GPT , and LVM internals .
A Volume Group is a collection of one or more PVs .
The space in a VG is managed as if it were one large disk , even if the underlying PVs are spread across multiple partitions or multiple disks .
The underlying PVs can be different sizes and on different kinds of disks as is illustrated shortly .
A Logical Volume is analogous to a physical GPT or MBR partition in the sense that it is the unit of space that is formatted with a particular filesystem type , such as ext4 or XFS , and is then mounted as part of your Linux filesystem .
An LV resides entirely within a VG .
Think of a PV as the unit of physical space that is aggregated into an abstraction called a VG , which is rather like a virtual drive .
The VG or virtual drive is then partitioned into LVs for use by filesystems .
Within a VG , you manage space in terms of extents .
The default extent size is 4MB , which is usually adequate .
If you use a larger extent size , be aware that all PVs in a VG must use the same extent size .
When you allocate or resize an LV , the allocation unit is the extent size .
So the default results in LVs that are multiples of 4MB and must be incremented or shrunk in multiples of 4MB .
The final piece of the LVM puzzle is the device mapper .
This is a piece of the Linux kernel that provides a generic foundation for virtual devices such as LVM or software RAID .
The commands for working with LVM are usually in the lvm2 package .
You can run a number of commands from the command line , or you can run the lvm command , which provides a shell for running the various LVM commands .
Listing 5 shows the lvm command and the various commands that can run from it .
As with other partitioning tools , you have only limited function unless you have root authority .
Listing 5 .
The lvm command and its subcommands [ ``[ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ lvm WARNING : Running as a non‑root user .
Functionality might be unavailable .
lvm > help /run/lvm/lvmetad.socket : connect failed : Permission denied WARNING : Failed to connect to lvmetad .
Falling back to internal scanning .
Available lvm commands :
Use 'lvm help < command > ' for more information devtypes Display recognised built ‑in block device types dumpconfig Dump configuration formats List available metadata formats help Display help for commands lvchange Change the attributes of logical volume (s ) lvconvert Change logical volume layout lvcreate Create a logical volume lvdisplay Display information about a logical volume lvextend Add space to a logical volume lvmchange
With the device mapper , this is obsolete and does nothing .
lvmdiskscan
List devices that can be used as physical volumes lvmsadc Collect activity data lvmsar Create activity report lvreduce Reduce the size of a logical volume lvremove Remove logical volume (s ) from the system lvrename Rename a logical volume lvresize Resize a logical volume lvs Display information about logical volumes lvscan List all logical volumes in all volume groups pvchange Change attributes of physical volume (s ) pvresize Resize physical volume (s ) pvck Check the consistency of physical volume (s ) pvcreate Initialize physical volume (s ) for use by LVM pvdata Display the on‑disk metadata for physical volume (s ) pvdisplay Display various attributes of physical volume (s ) pvmove Move extents from one physical volume to another pvremove Remove LVM label (s ) from physical volume (s ) pvs Display information about physical volumes pvscan List all physical volumes segtypes List available segment types tags List tags defined on this host vgcfgbackup Backup volume group configuration (s ) vgcfgrestore Restore volume group configuration vgchange Change volume group attributes vgck Check the consistency of volume group (s ) vgconvert Change volume group metadata format vgcreate Create a volume group vgdisplay Display volume group information vgexport Unregister volume group (s ) from the system vgextend Add physical volumes to a volume group vgimport Register exported volume group with system vgmerge Merge volume groups vgmknodes Create the special files for volume group devices in / dev vgreduce Remove physical volume (s ) from a volume group vgremove Remove volume group (s ) vgrename Rename a volume group vgs Display information about volume groups vgscan Search for all volume groups vgsplit Move physical volumes into a new or existing volume group version Display software and driver version information lvm > quit Exiting .
Show more
Show more icon
To give you a brief sampling of LVM in action , Listing 6 shows two PVs on a USB drive where you use the pvscan command to display the PVs on the system .
Listing 6 . Displaying your physical volumes [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo pvscan PV / dev/sde8 lvm2 137.58 GiB PV / dev/sde7 lvm2 137.06 GiB Total : 2 [ 274.64 GiB ] / in use : 0 [ 0 ] / in no VG : 2 274.64 GiB
Show more
Show more icon
Now , you will use the vgcreate command to create a volume group from these two PVs and then use the lvcreate command to create a logical volume that is larger than either of the PVs .
Finally , you will format your new LV as ext4 and mount it at / mnt / lvdemo , as shown in Listing 7 .
Listing 7 .
Creating a volume group and a logical volume [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo vgcreate demo‑vg / dev/sde7 / dev/sde8
Volume group " demo‑vg " successfully created [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo lvcreate ‑L 200G ‑n demo‑lv demo‑vg Logical volume " demo‑lv " created .
[ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo lvscan ACTIVE '/ dev/demo‑vg / demo‑lv ' [ 200.00 GiB ] inherit [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo mkfs ‑t ext4 / dev/ demo‑vg / demo‑lv mke2fs 1.42.12 ( 29 ‑Aug‑2014 )
Creating filesystem with 52428800 4 k blocks and 13107200 inodes Filesystem UUID : d8589116‑f58f‑4e09‑ac70‑77543afd49 da
Superblock backups stored on blocks : 32768 , 98304 , 163840 , 229376 , 294912 , 819200 , 884736 , 1605632 , 2654208 , 4096000 , 7962624 , 11239424 , 20480000 , 23887872
Allocating group tables : done Writing inode tables : done Creating journal ( 32768 blocks ) : done Writing superblocks and filesystem accounting information : done [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo mkdir / mnt/lvdemo [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo mount / dev/demo‑vg / demo‑lv / mnt/lvdemo [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo df ‑h /mnt / lvdemo / Filesystem Size Used Avail Use % Mounted on /dev/ mapper/demo‑‑vg ‑demo‑‑lv 197G 60 M 187G 1 % /mnt/lvdemo
Show more
Show more icon
Note :
Filesystem commands such as mkfs and mount access the LV using a name like / dev / / .
and access the LV using a name like / dev /
By default , when you create an LV , it immediately becomes active as shown by the output of the vgscan command in Listing 7 .
If the LV is on a removable drive , you need to unmount any mounted filesystems that are on it and then deactivate it using the lvchange command before removing the drive from the system .
MBR , EBR , GPT , and LVM internals
Before you learn about allocating disk space , take a little detour through the internals of MBR , EBR , GPT , and LVM partition tables to help reinforce the concepts as they can be difficult to grasp .
Note :
You do not need this level of detail for the LPI exam , so feel free to skip to Allocating disk space if you are pressed for time or less interested in internals .
Master Boot Record
The Master Boot Record ( MBR ) is the first sector on a hard drive .
The MBR contains the bootstrap code , and possibly some other information , followed by the 64 - byte partition table and a two - byte boot signature .
The 64 - byte partition table has four 16 - byte entries and starts at offset 446 ( 1BEh ) .
Table 2 shows the layout of each 16 - byte entry .
Table 2 . Partition table entry format Offset ( hex ) Length Description 0h 1 Status .
80h indicates active ( or bootable ) partition .
1h 3 CHS ( Cylinder - Head - Sector ) address of first absolute sector in partition 4h 1 Partition type .
5h 3 CHS ( Cylinder - Head - Sector ) address of last absolute sector in partition 8h 4 Logical Block Address ( LBA ) of first absolute sector in partition .
Ch 4
Count of sectors in partition
Look at a real example .
The root user can read sectors from a disk directly using the dd command .
Listing 8 shows the output from dumping the first 510B of the MBR on / dev/sda , then using the tail command to select only the last 64B of the record , which you then display in hexadecimal .
Listing 8 . Displaying the partition table on / dev/sda [ root@atticf20 ~] #dd if=/dev/sda bs=510 count=1 2>/dev/null|tail ‑c 64 |hexdump ‑C 00000000 00 01 01 00 83 fe 3f 7e 3 f 00 00 00 80 21 1f 00 |......?~?....!..| 00000010 00 00 01 7f 82 fe ff ff bf 21 1f 00 3 b 8 b 38 01 |.........!..;. 8.| 00000020 00 fe ff ff 83 fe ff ff 00 70 85 4a 00 10 00 00 |.........p. J....| 00000030 00 fe ff ff 05 fe ff ff 37 ad 57 01 8a c1 2d 49 |........ 7. W...‑I| 00000040 Show more Show more icon
Notice that none of these records has a status of 80h indicating a bootable partition .
The partition types are 83h ( Linux ) , 82h ( Linux swap ) , 83h ( Linux ) , and 05h ( Extended ) , so the disk has three primary partitions and one extended partition .
All of the CHS values except the first are feffff , which is typical on disks that use LBA .
The LBA starting sectors and sector counts are interpreted as 32 - bit little - endian integers , so 80 21 1f 00 represents 001f2180h , which is 2040192 in decimal .
So the first partition starts at sector 63 ( 3 fh ) and extends for 2040192 ( ) sectors .
Thus , fdisk would show an ending sector of 63+2040255-1=2040254 .
In the example , the last line ( partition type 05h ) describes the extended partition , which starts at sector 0157ad37h or 22523191 decimal .
You ’ll need that number in just a moment when you look at logical partitions .
Notes :
The partition table in the MBR does not contain any information about logical partitions , other than a record describing the extended partition container .
You ’ll see how those are found shortly .
If your disk uses the CHS values rather than the LBA values , you will need to do some additional arithmetic to translate the CHS values into absolute sectors .
Other than using different arithmetic to find the absolute sectors , the principles are the same as those outlined here , so CHS computations wo n’t be covered in this short introduction .
Listing 9 . Fdisk output for / dev/sda [ ian@atticf20 ~ ] $ sudo fdisk ‑l / dev/sda Disk / dev/sda : 596.2 GiB , 640135028736 bytes , 1250263728 sectors Units : sectors of 1 512 = 512 bytes Sector size ( logical / physical ) : 512 bytes / 512 bytes I/O size ( minimum / optimal ) : 512 bytes / 512 bytes Disklabel type : dos Disk identifier : 0x00064a1a Device Boot Start End Sectors Size Id Type / dev/sda1 63 2040254 2040192 996.2M 83 Linux / dev/sda2 2040255 22523129 20482875 9.8G 82 Linux swap / Solaris / dev/sda3 1250258944 1250263039 4096 2M 83 Linux / dev/sda4 22523191 1250258624 1227735434 585.4G 5 Extended / dev/sda5 `` 22523193 167397299 144874107 69.1G 83 Linux / dev/sda6 167397363 310761359 143363997 68.4G 83 Linux / dev/sda7 310761423 455442749 144681327 69G 83 Linux / dev/sda8 455442813 600092009 144649197 69G 83 Linux / dev/sda9 600092073 744436034 144343962 68.8G 83 Linux / dev/sda10 744436098 918439935 174003838 83G 83 Linux / dev/sda11 918441984 1079044095 160602112 76.6G 83 Linux / dev/sda12 1079053983 1250258624 171204642 81.7G 83 Linux Partition table entries are not in disk order .
Show more
Show more icon
And indeed / dev/sda1 ends at 2040254 .
Note the warning that the partition table entries are not in order .
This is because / dev/sda3 is a small primary partition that was just added to the end of the disk to illustrate this point .
This is not an error , although the fdisk program and some other tools have options to rewrite the partition table so that it is neatly in order .
Extended Boot Record ( EBR )
Before you explore extended partitions further , take a quick look at the graphical output from the gparted command as that will give you a graphical picture of the partition layout and show the container nature of the extended partition ,
Figure 1 shows the display from the gparted command for / dev/sda .
As noted earlier , the disk has three primary partitions ( / dev/sda1 , / dev/sda2 , and / dev/ sda4 ) and one out - of - order extended partition ( / dev/sda3 ) .
The extended partition contains logical partitions / dev/sda5 through / dev/sda12 .
In the pictorial display at the top of the image , the extended partition is shown as frame ( colored light blue ) around the logical partitions .
Figure 2 shows the partitions on the USB drive that contain our LVM partitions .
Note that these are flagged as LVM and / dev/sda6 has the boot flag set .
Figure 1 .
Using gparted to display / dev/sda with several partition types
Figure 2 .
Using gparted to display / dev/ sde with several more partition types
As you saw previously , the MBR does not contain partition table entries for the logical partitions ; it defines a container that looks to the rest of the system something like a special partition .
The logical partitions are defined within this container .
So how does this work ?
With no hard limit on the number of logical partitions inside an extended partition , no fixed - size partition table defines the logical partitions .
Instead , there is an Extended Boot Record ( EBR ) for each logical partition .
Like the MBR , the EBR is 512B in length and it uses a partition table at offset 446 ( 1BEh ) as for the MBR .
Only two entries in the EBR partition table are used .
The first defines the offset and size of the current partition and the second defines the offset and count to the end of the next logical partition .
For the last logical partition in this singly - linked chain , the second entry contains zeroes .
To ease the job of converting little - endian hex digits to decimal numbers , create a small Bash function to display the first two entries from an EBR .
Then , use the formatting string capability of the hexdump command to display the LBA starting sector and sector count as decimal numbers instead of hex digits .
Listing 10 shows the showebr function .
Paste this function definition into your Bash terminal session to try it yourself .
Listing 10 .
Function to display an EBR showebr ( ) { dd if =$ 1 skip= $ 2 bs=512 count=1 2 > / dev/null | tail ‑c 66 | hexdump ‑n 32 ‑e '" %07.7_ax " 8/1 " %2.2 x " 2/4 " % 12d " "
" ' } Show more Show more icon
The first EBR is the first sector of your extended partition , so use your new showebr function to display it using the sector offset of 0157AD37h or 22523191 decimal that you found in the MBR in Listing 8 .
Listing 11 shows the output .
Listing 11 .
The first EBR on / dev/sda [ root@atticf20 ~] #showebr /dev/sda 22523191 0000000 80 fe ff ff 83 fe ff ff 2 144874107 0000010 00 fe ff ff 05 fe ff ff 144874109 143364060
Show more
Show more icon
The first entry ( / dev/sda5 ) in the EBR partition table shows that the partition ( / dev/sda5 ) starts at offset 2 from this EBR and the partition contains 144874107 sectors , so the partition ends at sector 22523191 + 2 + 144874107 -1 = 167397299 .
The second entry ( / dev/sda6 ) shows the next EBR starting at offset 144874109 from the first EBR in the extended partition or sector 22523191 + 144874109 = 167397300 .
The count is the count of sectors starting at the next EBR to the end of the next logical partition , or 143364060 , so the last sector is 167397300 + 143364060 -1 = 310761359 .
Listing 12 shows the partition information for the extended and logical partitions on / dev/sda .
Note that the sector count for / dev/sda6 is 143363997 , which is 63 sectors smaller than the 143364060 you just saw .
The start at 167397363 rather than the 167397300 that you just calculated is also off by 63 sectors .
You ’ll see in a moment that the 63 sector discrepancy is the offset that you will see in the NEXT EBR as you walk the EBR chain .
Listing 12 .
Extended and logical partitions on / dev/sda Device Boot Start End Sectors Size Id Type / dev/sda4 22523191 1250258624 1227735434 585.4G 5 Extended / dev/sda5 * 22523193 167397299 144874107 69.1G 83 Linux / dev/sda6 167397363 310761359 143363997 68.4G 83 Linux / dev/sda7 310761423 455442749 144681327 69G 83 Linux / dev/sda8 455442813 600092009 144649197 69G 83 Linux / dev/sda9 600092073 744436034 144343962 68.8G 83 Linux / dev/sda10 744436098 918439935 174003838 83G 83 Linux / dev/sda11 918441984 1079044095 160602112 76.6G 83 Linux / dev/sda12 1079053983 1250258624 171204642 81.7G 83 Linux
Show more
Show more icon
Using what you just learned , along with the showebr function and some inline shell arithmetic , you can now walk the entire EBR chain for / dev/sda as shown in Listing 13 .
Listing 13 .
Walking the chain of logical partitions on / dev/sda [ root@atticf20 ~] #showebr /dev/sda 22523191 0000000 80 fe ff ff 83 fe ff ff 2 144874107 0000010 00 fe ff ff 05 fe ff ff 144874109 143364060 [ root@atticf20 ~] #showebr /dev/sda $ (( 22523191 + 144874109 ) ) 0000000 00 fe ff ff 83 fe ff ff 63 143363997 0000010 00 fe ff ff 05 fe ff ff 288238169 144681390 [ root@atticf20 ~] #showebr /dev/sda $ (( 22523191 + 288238169 ) ) 0000000 00 fe ff ff 83 fe ff ff 63 144681327 0000010 00 fe ff ff 05 fe ff ff 432919559 144649260 [ root@atticf20 ~] #showebr /dev/sda $ (( 22523191 + 432919559 ) ) 0000000 00 fe ff ff 83 fe ff ff 63 144649197 0000010 00 fe ff ff 05 fe ff ff 577568819 144344025 [ root@atticf20 ~]#showebr /dev/sda $ (( 22523191 + 577568819 ) ) 0000000 00 fe ff ff 83 fe ff ff 63 144343962 0000010 00 fe ff ff 05 fe ff ff 721912844 174003901 [ root@atticf20 ~] #showebr /dev/sda $ (( 22523191 + 721912844 ) ) 0000000 00 fe ff ff 83 fe ff ff 63 174003838 0000010 00 fe ff ff 05 fe ff ff 895916745 160604160 [ root@atticf20 ~] #showebr /dev/sda $ (( 22523191 + 895916745 ) )
#/dev/sda11 0000000 00 fe ff ff 83 fe ff ff 2048 160602112 0000010 00 fe ff ff 05 fe ff ff 1056530729 171204705 [ root@atticf20 ~] #showebr /dev/sda $ (( 22523191 + 1056530729 ) ) 0000000 00 fe ff ff 83 fe ff ff 63 171204642 0000010 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 0 0 Show more
Show more icon
You now see that / dev/sda6 does indeed have an offset of 63 sectors , accounting for the discrepancy just noted .
Most other partitions also have an offset of 63 in this example .
This was traditional in most Windows and Linux systems .
With the advent of advanced format disks and larger sectors , and also solid state drives ( SSDs ) where partition alignment is more important for performance , you now have the ability to align partitions to specific boundaries .
Note that / dev/sda11 has an offset of 2048 sectors
You might have noticed in Figure 1 that there is a small gap between / dev/sda11 and / dev/sda12 .
With what you know now , you should be able to calculate the size of the gap using the extended partition start and the values from the EBR for / dev/sda11 .
GUID Partition Table ( GPT )
I mentioned earlier that the MBR layout limits disks with 512B sectors to 2TB in size .
With the advent of disks larger than 2TB , a newer layout called GUID Partition Table ( GPT ) was designed .
This format can be used on smaller disks , but is required for larger disks .
Disk formatting puts a so - called protective MBR in the usual MBR location so that operating systems and utilities that do not understand GPT see the whole disk as an unknown partition type ( EEh ) , with the size appearing to be clipped to either the whole disk or the maximum supported by MBR for the sector size of the disk .
Recent Linux distributions include tools for formatting and booting from GPT disks , including gdisk ( similar to fdisk ) , parted , gparted , grub2 , and recent versions of grub .
Recent Linux systems also support booting from GPT partitions using either the traditional PC BIOS or the newer Extensible Firmware Interface ( EFI ) .
Recent 64 - bit versions of Windows also support booting from GPT partitions using EFI and Windows 8 requires this .
GPT partitions contain a GPT header and a GPT partition array .
The GPT partition array contains at least 128 entries , so a GPT disk can support at least 128 primary partitions .
The GPT header is in the first sector of the GPT partition and the partition array follows in the next sector .
Both the GPT header and the partition array are replicated at the end of the partition .
For additional protection , the header also contains a 32 - bit CRC of the partition array .
Listing 14 shows the output from the gdisk command for a SSD primary disk ( / dev/sda ) on a Window 8.1 laptop and a 32 GB USB flash drive ( / dev/sdb ) containing the necessary partitions for the Ubuntu 15.04 system used in these examples .
Note the EFI system partition ( / dev/sda2 ) which is where the UEFI boot loader looks for files to boot .
Listing 14 .
Output from gdisk for / dev/sdc ian@yoga ‑u15 : ~$ sudo gdisk ‑l / dev/sda GPT fdisk ( gdisk ) version 0.8.10
The protective MBR's 0xEE partition is oversized !
Auto‑repairing .
Partition table scan : MBR : protective BSD : not present APM : not present GPT : present Found valid GPT with protective MBR ; using GPT .
Disk / dev/sda : 1000215216 sectors , 476.9 GiB Logical sector size : 512 bytes Disk identifier ( GUID ) : 2D3D303D‑0161‑4AB2‑A713‑41DD1A88A647
Partition table holds up to 128 entries
First usable sector is 34 , last usable sector is 1000215182 Partitions will be aligned on 2048 ‑sector boundaries Total free space is 2669 sectors ( 1.3 MiB ) Number Start ( sector ) End ( sector ) Size Code Name 1 2048 2050047 1000.0 MiB 2700 Basic data partition 2 2050048 2582527 260.0 MiB EF00 EFI system partition 3 2582528 4630527 1000.0 MiB ED01 Basic data partition 4 4630528 4892671 128.0 MiB 0C01 Microsoft reserved ... 5 4892672 917575679 435.2 GiB 0700 Basic data partition 6 917575680 970004479 25.0 GiB 0700 Basic data partition 7 970004480 1000214527 14.4 GiB 2700 Basic data partition ian@yoga‑u15 : ~$ sudo gdisk ‑l / dev/sdb GPT fdisk ( gdisk ) version 0.8.10 Partition table scan : MBR : protective BSD : not present APM : not present GPT : present Found valid GPT with protective MBR ; using GPT .
Disk / dev/sdb : 62685184 sectors , 29.9 GiB Logical sector size : 512 bytes Disk identifier ( GUID ) : FEE4E37D‑AE90‑43A1‑A6A7‑97ADA4618384
Partition table holds up to 128 entries
First usable sector is 34 , last usable sector is 62685150 Partitions will be aligned on 2048 ‑sector boundaries Total free space is 4029 sectors ( 2.0 MiB ) Number Start ( sector ) End ( sector ) Size Code Name 1 2048 616447 300.0 MiB EF02 2 616448 8808447 3.9 GiB 8200 3 8808448 62683135 25.7 GiB 8300 Show more
Show more icon
You can find more information on GPT in the tutorial “ Make the most of large drives with GPT and Linux ” ( see resources on the right ) .
LVM
I mentioned previously that LVM can utilize a whole disk without the disk first being partitioned .
For the same reason that GPT uses a protective MBR , you should create a partition on your disk and then create a PV in the partition rather than using the native LVM capabilities to define the whole disk as a PV .
That way , other operating systems that do not understand LVM will recognize that the disk has an unknown partition on it rather than thinking it is not formatted .
The management of the abstraction layers used in LVM obviously requires considerably more information than the original MBR partition table .
Other than advising you to create a partition for your PV , I will not further go into the on - disk data structures used by LVM .
Allocating disk space
As mentioned earlier , a Linux filesystem is a single large tree rooted at /.
You will at least want the filesystems described in the Filesystem Hierarchy Standard .
Refer back to Table 1 for a list of these or see resources on the right .
It is fairly obvious why data on floppy disks or CD - ROMs must be mounted , but perhaps less obvious why you should consider separating data that is stored on hard drives .
Some good reasons for separating filesystems include :
Boot files .
Some files must be accessible to the BIOS , UEFI , or boot loader at boot time .
Multiple hard drives .
Typically each hard drive will be divided into one or more partitions , each with a filesystem that must be mounted somewhere in the filesystem tree .
Shareable files .
Several system images can share static files such as executable program files .
Dynamic files such as user home directories or mail spool files can also be shared , so that users can log in to any one of several machines on a network and still use the same home directory and mail system .
Potential overflow .
If a filesystem might fill to 100 percent of its capacity , it is usually a good idea to separate this from files that are needed to run the system .
Quotas .
Quotas limit the amount of space that users or groups can take on a filesystem .
Read - only mounting .
Before the advent of journalling filesystems , recovery of a filesystem after a system crash often took a long time .
Therefore , you can mount filesystems that seldom change ( such as a directory of executable programs ) as read - only to reduce the time spent checking it after a system crash .
In addition to the filesystem use covered so far , you also need to consider allocating swap space on disk .
For a Linux system , this is usually one , or possibly multiple , dedicated partitions .
Finally , you might need to consider partitions needed for systems that have UEFI firmware rather than BIOS and whether you should use GPT or MBR formatting of your disks .
Making choices
Let ’s assume that you are setting up a system that has at least one hard drive , and you want to boot from the hard drive .
( This tutorial does not cover setup for a diskless workstation that is booted over a LAN or considerations for using a live CD or DVD Linux system . )
Although it might be possible to change partition sizes later , this usually takes some effort , so making good choices up front is important .
Let ’s get started .
Your first consideration is to ensure that your system will be bootable .
Some older systems have a limitation that the BIOS can boot only from a partition that is wholly located within the first 1024 cylinders of disk .
If you have such a system , then you must create a partition that will eventually be mounted as / boot that will hold the key files needed to boot the system .
Once these have been loaded , the Linux system will take over operation of the disk , and the 1024 cylinder limit will not affect further operation of the system .
If you need to create a partition for / boot , approximately 100 megabytes ( MB ) is usually sufficient .
Your next consideration is likely to be the amount of required swap space .
With current memory prices , swap space represents a very slow secondary memory .
A once common rule of thumb was to create swap space equivalent to the amount of real RAM .
Today , you might want to configure one or two times real RAM for a workstation so that you can use several large programs without running out of RAM .
Even if it is slow to switch between them , you are probably working in only one or two at any given time .
A large swap space is also advisable for a system with very small memory .
For a server , you might want to use a swap space of about half of your RAM , unless you are running an application that recommends a different value .
In any event , you should monitor server memory usage so that you can add real RAM or distribute the workload across additional servers if needed .
Too much swapping is seldom good on a server .
It is possible to use a swap file , but a dedicated partition performs better .
Now we come to a point of divergence .
Use of a personal workstation tends to be much less predictable than use of a server .
My preference , particularly for new users , is to allocate most of the standard directories ( / usr , / opt , / var , etc. ) into a single large partition .
This is especially useful for new users who might not have a clear idea of what will be installed down the line .
A workstation running a graphical desktop and a reasonable number of development tools will likely require 5 GB or more of disk space plus space for user needs .
Some larger development tools can require several gigabytes each .
I usually allocate somewhere between 40 GB and 60 GB per operating system , and I leave the rest of my disk free to load other distributions .
The 32GB USB flash drive has 3,9GB used with a basic Ubuntu 15.04 graphical workstation install and no additional tools .
Server workloads will be more stable , and running out of space in a particular filesystem is likely to be more catastrophic .
So , for them , you will generally create multiple partitions , spread across multiple disks , possibly using hardware or software RAID or logical volume groups .
You will also want to consider the workload on a particular filesystem and whether the filesystem is shared among several systems or used by just one system .
You can use a combination of experience , capacity planning tools , and estimated growth to determine the best allocations for your system .
Regardless of whether you are configuring a workstation or a server , you will have certain files that are unique for each system located on the local drive .
Typically , these include /etc for system parameters , / boot for files needed during boot , / sbin for files needed for booting or system recovery , / root for the root user ’s home directory , / var / lock for lock files , / var / run for running system information , and / var / log for log files for this system .
Other filesystems , such as / home for user home directories , /usr , / opt , / var / mail , or / var / spool / news might be on separate partitions , or network mounted , according to your installation needs and preferences .
This concludes your introduction to hard disk layout .
( CNN ) --
Seven people , mostly tourists , were killed Thursday when a small plane crashed in southern Peru near the famous Nazca Lines , the official Andina news agency reported , citing Nazca police .
The morning accident happened during a flyover of the mysterious geoglyphs in the sand that are one of Peru 's largest tourist attractions .
Three Chilean tourists , three Peruvian tourists , including a child , and the pilot were killed , Andina reported .
The plane belonged to Nazca Airlines , which had not made a statement as of Thursday afternoon .
There are more than 1,500 geoglyphs extending over 190 square miles , according to the National Geographic Society .
They were constructed by the Nazca culture about 2,000 years ago .
Though they 're virtually indecipherable from the ground , from the air they are clearly visible as a monkey , a killer whale , a hummingbird , a condor , a pelican among flowers , trees and geometric shapes .
The Nazca Lines are believed to have had ritual astronomical functions , according to UNESCO , which designated them a World Heritage site in 1994 .
Teen Girl Hires Assassin to Kill Her Mother and Stepfather for $ 1,500
A fourteen - year old teenager had conflicts with her mother and stepfather as they did not let her live the way she wanted .
It is a common problem for teenagers , but the girl decided to solve hers in the most radical way .
Teen Girl Hires Assassin to Kill Her Mother and Stepfather for , 500
She complained about the conflict to her 19 - year old boyfriend Isaev , a vocational school student .
She told him she wanted to get rid of them both and asked him to find an “ executor . ”
She promised to pay 45,000 rubles ( $ 1,500 ) for the “ job . ”
" She did not have this kind of money , but was hoping her stepfather had it and she would pay after the fact , ” Galina Gagalaeva , senior assistant to the director of the regional investigative department press service , told to Pravda.ru .
Isaev hired a 16 - year old high school student to do the job .
The three of them devised the murder plan together .
“ The girl was the most active .
She gave her friends a knife and an axe , ” Gagalaeva explained .
The murder was planned for February 2 .
At the planned time , the girl was at the entrance to her house .
She had to watch the surroundings and warn her co-conspirators if something looked suspicious .
The guys entered the building .
Isaev stayed outside of the apartment , and the killer rang the bell .
Earlier the guys took the bulbs out in the lobby so no one could see their faces .
The girl ’s mother opened the door .
The killer stubbed her in the stomach right at the threshold .
The woman screamed , and the girl ’s stepfather ran out of the room .
He managed to kick the knife out of the killer ’s hand and accidentally injured him .
The teenager hit the man with an axe on the head .
Both guys fled the crime scene immediately after .
The neighbors heard the noise and called the police and ambulance .
Unfortunately , the mother died on the way to a hospital , but the stepfather survived .
" The crime was solved within a few hours .
The stepfather remembered the attackers and recognized Isaev he has seen with his step daughter before .
The neighbors were also able to describe the attackers , ” Gagalaeva said .
Soon the suspects were arrested .
They plead guilty .
The girl did not deny her fault either .
She said that her mother paid no attention to her and was not interested in her life .
She also claimed that her stepfather hit on her .
This information was not confirmed during the investigation .
Finally , the girl confessed that she wanted to move in with her boyfriend ( Isaev ) but her parents were against the idea .
In October the case was transferred to criminal court .
Due to the fact that two of the accused were underage , the court hearing was closed to the public .
Sergey Isaev was found guilty of aiding in the murder and involving an underage person into a crime .
He will be imprisoned for 13 years .
The girl was sentenced to eight years in prison for organizing the murder of her mother and a murder attempt of her stepfather .
The murderer himself will spend nine years in prison .
The underage criminals will serve their time in a juvenile correctional facility , while Isaev will serve in a correctional colony of strict regime .
" The verdict has not yet entered into effect and may be appealed within 10 days , ” concluded Gagaeva .
Not that long ago , a similar case was investigated in the Amursky region , where a 15 - year old student hired three adult men to kill her stepfather .
She promised to pay 400,000 rubles ( $ 13,000 ) and give them jewelry stored in her stepfather ’s apartment .
On December 5 , 2008 , three killers attacked the man in his garage .
One of them shot the man several times in his head with an air gun , and then the criminals locked the garage door and fled .
The injured man managed to call his wife on his cell phone before he lost consciousness .
He told her he was attacked .
Later he was airlifted and taken into a hospital in the neighboring city of Blagovesvhensk where he was immediately operated on .
The man survived .
The crime was solved in three days .
The man was shot because he did not let his stepdaughter move in with an ex-convict .
In the beginning of December , the court of the Amursky region sentenced the student to five years in prison .
The man who shot the victim was sentenced to 10 years , and his accomplices were sentenced to eight and nine years , respectively .
Psychologists believe that many family issues occur because parents fail to build relationship with their children built on trust .
Teenagers are surrounded by violence in real life , and on TV , and it often happens that they copy movie plots into their own lives .
Yelena Tsekhanskaya
Pravda .
Ru
Read the original in Russian
“ All violent feelings have the same effect , ” John Ruskin wrote , in one of his most famous essays .
“ They produce in us a falseness in all our impressions of external things , which I would generally characterize as the ‘ Pathetic Fallacy . ’ ” Ruskin published “ Of the Pathetic Fallacy ” in 1856 , as a chapter of “ Modern Painters . ”
His subject , in this chapter , was poetry , not painting , and it was certainly not politics .
But his insight may help explain the American political atmosphere at the beginning of the year 2010 , especially the subdued , sometimes even angry , mood among many of President Obama ’s wavering , if not quite erstwhile , supporters .
Illustration by Tom Bachtell
When Congress reconvenes a few days from now , it will be on the cusp of enacting a sweeping reform of American health insurance and health care that could be , as the President put it on Christmas Eve , just after the Senate passed its version of the bill , “ the most important piece of social legislation since the Social Security
Act passed in the nineteen - thirties and the most important reform of our health - care system since Medicare passed in the nineteen - sixties . ”
Perhaps he was exaggerating , but not by much .
Jonathan Cohn , the New Republic ’s health - care correspondent , calls the bill “ the most ambitious piece of domestic legislation in a generation — a bill that will extend insurance coverage to tens of millions of Americans , strengthen insurance for many more , and start refashioning American medicine so that it is more efficient . ”
Paul Krugman , the Times ’ resident Nobel laureate ( and a frequent Obama critic ) , calls the bill “ a great achievement ” that “ establishes the principle — even if it falls somewhat short in practice — that all Americans are entitled to essential health care . ”
Princeton ’s Paul Starr , the author of the Pulitzer Prize - winning history “ The Social Transformation of American Medicine , ” calls it “ the single biggest measure on behalf of low - income Americans in more than forty years . ”
How big ?
The University of Chicago ’s Harold Pollack has done the sums .
By the time the reforms are fully implemented , “ the Senate bill would provide about $ 196 billion per year down the income scale in subsidies to low - income and working Americans . ”
That ’s more , Pollack notes , than the federal government spends on the earned - income tax credit , Head Start , assistance to single mothers and their children , nutrition programs like food stamps , and the National Institutes of Health combined .
None of these people , from Obama on down the wonk scale , deceive themselves that the Senate bill , which now must be merged with its ( marginally stronger )
House equivalent , comes within hailing distance of perfection .
All of them recognize that the final bill , in the now overwhelmingly likely event that it surmounts the remaining hurdles , will be flawed and messy .
All of them also understand that , compared with the status quo— and the status quo , not perfection or anything like it , is the alternative — it will constitute a moral and material advance of historic proportions .
Nevertheless , a nontrivial portion ( though far from a majority ) of the Democratic left , particularly its Internet cohort , feels alienated and disappointed , with the bill and with the President .
As the Senate vote neared , Markos Moulitsas , the chief of Daily Kos , sent his followers a tweet : “ Insurance companies win .
Time to kill this monstrosity coming out of the Senate . ”
MoveOn.org called on “ progressives ” to “ block this bill . ”
Arianna Huffington dismissed it as “ reform in name only . ”
Keith Olbermann , MSNBC ’s Savonarola , lectured the President that he was about to consign his countrymen to a “ Chicago stockyards of insurance ” that would be “ immoral and a betrayal of the people who elected you . ”
Even Dr. Dean himself — Howard Dean , the former Vermont governor , Presidential candidate , and Democratic Party chairman — wrote that the Senate should defeat the bill , claiming that it “ would do more harm than good to the future of America . ”
And in the nether reaches of the left blogosphere the epithets flew .
Obama is a “ sellout . ”
He ’s a “ liar . ”
He ’s a “ Judas , ” a “ fraud , ” a “ corrupt fool . ”
He ’s a “ Liebermanite . ” ( Ouch ! )
He ’s “ an Uncle Tom groveling before the demands of the corporations that are running our country . ”
( This last not from some anonymous blog commenter but from Ralph Nader , without whose efforts Joe Lieberman would be just another former Vice - President . )
The pathetic fallacy is a category mistake .
It ’s the false attribution of human feelings , thoughts , or intentions to inanimate objects , or to living entities that cannot possibly have such feelings , thoughts , or intentions — cruel seas , dancing leaves , hot air that “ wants ” to rise .
The American government has its human aspects — it is staffed by human beings , mostly — but its atomized , at - odds - with - itself legislative structure ( House and Senate , each with its arcane rules , its semi- feudal committee chairs , and its independently elected members , none of whom are accountable or fully responsible for outcomes ) makes it more like an inanimate object .
In our sclerotic lawmaking process , it is not enough that the President , a majority of both Houses of Congress , and a majority of the voters at the last election favor extending health care to all citizens .
The left - wing critics are right about the conspicuous flaws of the pending health - care reform —its lack of even a weak “ public option , ” its too meagre subsidies , its windfalls for Big Pharma , its capitulation on abortion coverage , its reliance on private insurance .
And there are surely senators and representatives whose motives are base or , broadly speaking , corrupt .
But it is nonsense to attribute the less than fully satisfactory result to the alleged perfidy of the President or “ the Democrats . ”
The critics ’ indignation would be better directed at what an earlier generation of malcontents called “ the system ” — starting , perhaps , with the Senate ’s filibuster rule , an inanimate object if there ever was one .
On May 20 , 1962 , at Madison Square Garden , John F. Kennedy spoke to some twenty thousand people at a rally in support of a bill to provide hospital care for the aged , one of forty - five such rallies around the country .
In his speech , President Kennedy acknowledged that his bill would fall short of meeting every need .
“ We ’ve got great unfinished business in this country , ” he said , “ and while this bill does not solve our problems in this area , I do not believe it is a valid argument to say , ‘ This bill is n’t going to do the job . ’
It will not , but it will do part of it . ”
Two months later , Kennedy ’s bill was defeated in the Senate .
It took his assassination , a huge Democratic victory in 1964 , and the legislative talents of President Lyndon Johnson to get Medicare enacted .
The health - care bill now being kicked and prodded and bribed toward passage will not “ do the job , ” either — only part of it .
Are Barack Obama and the Democrats in Congress doing enough ?
No .
But they are doing what ’s possible .
That may be pathetic , but it ’s no fallacy . ♦
You have already voted for this video .
Do you have CDs without case ?
You will not believe , how easy you can make one .
Make an easy and nice cd cas ...
Do you have CDs without case ?
You will not believe , how easy you can make one .
Make an easy and nice cd case in few min .
No glue .
You need normal printer paper .
One source of confusion about the status of the science or theory of evolution stems from the difference between the " everyday " meaning of the word " theory " and the scientific meaning the word .
Below we list some common misconceptions about the term " theory " and describe a classroom activity that can help students rethink their understanding of this term .
Misconception 1 " Evolution is ' just a theory ' " .
Misconception 2
" Theories become facts when they are well supported and / or proven . "
There are three important misconceptions propagated in the above statements .
The first statement implies that a theory should be interpreted as just a guess or a hunch , whereas in science , the term theory is used very differently .
The second statement implies that theories become facts , in some sort of linear progression .
In science , theories never become facts .
Rather , theories explain facts .
The third misconception is that scientific research provides proof in the sense of attaining the absolute truth .
Scientific knowledge is always tentative and subject to revision should new evidence come to light .
Classroom Activity
“ Fact - Hypothesis - Theory Word Jumble ”
Provide students with some examples of a theory , fact , hypothesis , and law .
Discuss each example with students , focusing on whether the statement is based on evidence and under what conditions the statement is true .
Ask students to organize these statements in some type of relative order , from that which they most readily accept to that which they consider most tentative .
Provide students with the definitions of these terms from the National Academy of Sciences1 Fact :
In science , an observation that has been repeatedly confirmed and for all practical purposes is accepted as “ true ” .
Truth in science , however , is never final and what is accepted as a fact today may be modified or even discarded tomorrow .
Hypothesis : A tentative statement about the natural world leading to deductions that can be tested .
If the deductions are verified , the hypothesis is provisionally corroborated .
If the deductions are incorrect , the original hypothesis is proved false and must be abandoned or modified .
Hypotheses can be used to build more complex inferences and explanations .
Law :
A descriptive generalization about how some aspect of the natural world behaves under stated circumstances .
Theory :
In science , a well - substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world that can incorporate facts , laws , inferences , and tested hypotheses .
Ask students to identify each of the original statements as a Fact , Hypothesis , Law , or Theory and to revisit the arrange of statements , from that which they would most readily accept to that which they consider most tentative , and make any changes deemed necessary .
Did the order change ?
If so , how and why ?
Recommended Resources :
Understanding Evolution and UC Museum of Paleontology
From the PBS Evolution series " Evolving Ideas : Is n’t Evolution Just a Theory ? "
" Theory in Theory and Practice " ( pdf ) by NCSE 's Glenn Branch and Louise Mead Evol Edu Outreach 1:287-289 , 2008
" Evolution as Fact , Theory , and Path " by Ryan Gregory , Evo Edu Outreach 1:46 - 52 , 2008 .
" The Role of Theory in Advancing 21st Century Biology " , a special brief report from the National Academies of Science , 2007 ( pdf )
A common theme : Violence against innocent people
Ow , My Balls !
Doritos contain MSG
( Natural News ) Junk food advertising has reached a new low with the recent Doritos " Crash the Super Bowl " ads which portray Doritos consumers as violent murderers who will kill fellow human beings to get a bag of Doritos .
One Doritos ad portrays a man backing out of a parking lot when his car strikes an innocent person who drops a bag of Doritos and falls to the ground behind the car .
Rather than trying to help the innocent victim , this man throws his car into reverse and drives over the victim , killing him with the vehicle and stealing the bag of Doritos .
The message ?
Doritos are so valuable that it 's okay to kill people just to score a bag .
( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1T_DiTPoy-A
A second Doritos ad shows two loser - looking gym bums being attacked by an insane junk food ninja who uses Doritos chips as throwing stars to murder the guy who stole his bag of Doritos .
The message here ?
Doritos are so valuable that it 's okay to kill others to defend your snack .
( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bRSM4EbLFw&f...
A third Doritos ad shows one elderly man attacking a young man with a stun gun in order to buy the last bag of Doritos from a vending machine ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4YNFO70Qhk&f... ) .
Same gratuitous violence .
Same message : Committing violent acts against others is perfectly acceptable when you 're pursuing a bag of Doritos .
Yet another Doritos ad shows two grown men smacking each other in the face to decide which loser has to go buy more Doritos .
The loser ends up with a black eye after being punched so hard he flies through the air and lands on a coffee table , shattering it .
Gee , why not just use the women in this role and make it a wife - beating commercial ?
( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpRbbtHp5Qg
What 's the common theme of all these Doritos television commercials ?
Doritos marketing executives apparently think these commercials showing gratuitous acts of violence and murder are going to help them sell more Doritos .
Maybe they 've been eating too much of their own product and their brain function has been suppressed by all the MSG found in Doritos ... because " Demented " might be a better term .
It 's hard to see the humor when there 's so much realistic violence in the way .
And yet somehow Frito - Lay executives gave these ads the big thumbs up .
Let 's use violence to sell junk foods !
It sort of makes sense , actually : .
Virtually all the criminals in prison across the country are nutritionally imbalanced due to their consumption of processed junk foods and their lack of sufficient nutritional supplementation .
In fact , I would n't be surprised if a study revealed that fried snack foods like Doritos are a favorite food among violent criminals .
These are , after all , the kind of people depicted in some Doritos advertisements .
In my view , the violent Doritos commercials accurately reflect the senseless , violent behavior that typifies people ( younger males , mostly ) who consume large quantities of processed junk foods , sugary soft drinks and gimmicky " sports drinks . "
These are the people who end up being put on antidepressants and other psychotropic drugs , after which they sometimes end up in a school shooting rampage .
It might make a good Doritos commercial , actually : A kid grows up on junk food and diet soda laced with aspartame .
He 's drugged up on Ritalin and Prozac .
One day he brings a semiautomatic rifle to school , barges into a classroom and opens fire on his classmates , shooting and screaming , " I WANT MY F*@ !
KING DORITOS !
" Hilarious , huh ?
Some people think so .
The Frito - Lay executives apparently think this kind of violence is appropriate for mainstream television .
This is the kind of imagery they 're using to try to convince people to buy their products !
How sick is that ?
If you 've ever seen the movie , you may remember the popular TV show being watched by the dumbed - down , brain - numbed junk food consumers who inhabit the world depicted in the film .
That show was called , " " and it consisted of random acts of violence against the testicles of the show host who is seen being kicked in the balls , falling on his balls , being hit in the balls by a wrecking crane and other similar acts .
( https://www.naturalnews.com/021558.html
This show is the single most popular broadcast in the world of Idiocracy .
When this parody movie first came out , it seemed impossible to imagine a world full of people who were so stupid that they just sit around watching some guy get kicked in the balls over and over again ... but guess what ?
Doritos has achieved the distinction of being the first mainstream consumer product company to produce a series of advertisements that are intellectually equivalent to " Ow , My Balls !
" Doritos are , of course , a processed junk food made with -- a taste - enhancing chemical that experts like Dr. Russell Blaylock link to obesity , food addictions , headaches and neurological damage .
MSG is anthat 's used along with huge amounts of processed salt to enhance the flavor of dead foods like Doritos .
Read more about the dangers of MSG here : https://www.naturalnews.com/msg.html
Being a fried snack food , Doritos also contain -- toxic substances formed when carbohydrates are cooked a high temperatures .
Acrylamides are linked to cancer and other serious diseases .
( https://www.naturalnews.com/acrylamides.html
One study shows that eating acrylamides increases the risk of kidney cancer by 59 percent ( https://www.naturalnews.com/024585_cancer_acr... ) .
PepsiCo , the parent company that makes Doritos , claims that its product is n't made with genetically modified corn , but tests conducted by GreenPeace proved that Doritos sold in India actually did contain GM corn varieties http://indiatoday.intoday.in/site/Story/8059... ) .
So eating a bag of Doritos involves not only the ingestion of MSG and cancer - causing acrylamides ; it may also expose you to genetically modified corn that has been scientifically linked to internal organ damage .
( See books by Jeffrey Smith for loads of research on that ... )
So now all the violence actually starts to make sense : from the chemicals in the product .
And because they 're brain damaged , they have lost the higher brain functions of critical thinking or expressing human compassion .
They are operating from their lower " reptilian " brain stem functions which respond to two things :
No wonder the Doritos ads are focused on sex and violence .
SOUTH Australia has become one of the few states in the world to censor the internet .
The new law , which came into force on January 6 , requires anyone making an online comment about next month 's state election to publish their real name and postcode .
The law will affect anyone posting a comment on an election story on The Advertiser 's AdelaideNow website , as well as other Australian news sites .
It could also apply to election comment made on social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
The law , which was pushed through last year as part of a raft of amendments to the Electoral Act and supported by the Liberal Party , also requires media organisations to keep a person 's real name and full address on file for six months , and they face fines of $ 5000 if they do not hand over this information to the Electoral Commissioner .
' Still free speech '
Attorney - General Michael Atkinson denied that the new law was an attack on free speech .
" The AdelaideNow website is not just a sewer of criminal defamation , it is a sewer of identity theft and fraud , " Mr Atkinson said .
" There is no impinging on freedom of speech , people are free to say what they wish as themselves , not as somebody else . "
Mr Atkinson also said he expected The Advertiser to target him for sponsoring the law .
" I am also certain that Advertiser Newspapers and News Limited will punish me personally , viciously for being the attorney - general responsible for this law , " he said .
" You will publish false stories about me , invent things about me to punish me . "
The Advertiser 's editor , Melvin Mansell , said : " Clearly this is censorship being implemented by a government facing an election .
" The effect of that is that many South Australians are going to be robbed of their right of freedom of speech during this election campaign .
" The sad part is that this widespread suppression is supported by the Opposition .
" Neither of these parties are representing the people for whom they have been elected to govern . "
The Right to Know Coalition , made up of Australia 's major media outlets including News Limited , publisher of The Advertiser and parent company of news.com.au , has called the new laws " draconian " .
" This is one of the most troubling erosions of the right to free speech in Australia for many years , " Right to Know spokeswoman Creina Chapman said .
Ms Chapman also pointed out that newspaper blogs such as AdelaideNow were moderated and publishers and broadcasters took responsibility for the material they published .
Liberal doubts
Opposition justice spokeswoman Vickie Chapman said yesterday while the Liberal Party had supported the amendment to the Electoral Act , she believed it would be too broad to implement if it included Facebook and Twitter .
Ms Chapman said Mr Atkinson should introduce a regulation to limit its scope .
" It is clearly not the intention of what we understood that to be , " she said .
The SA law - which could also apply to talkback radio - differs from federal legislation , which preserves the right of internet users to blog under a pseudonym .
The law will apply as soon as the writs for the March 20 election are issued .
The writs for the election can be issued any time between now and 25 days before the election .
The law will then lapse at 6 pm on polling day .
Mr Atkinson said there was no intention to broaden the law to take it beyond the period of elections .
Israel has agreed to pay the UN around $ 10 m in compensation for damage caused to UN buildings in Gaza during last year 's war , according to diplomatic sources .
The payout is the first since Israel 's heavily criticised three - week war a year ago in which around 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis were killed .
It is also thought to be one of the first times Israel has paid the UN any compensation for damage to its facilities in the occupied Palestinian territories .
The UN's Office for Legal Affairs , in New York , has been in negotiations with Israeli officials for months over the payment before Ehud Barak , Israel 's defence minister , agreed to pay .
In an embarrassment to Israel some of the damage to UN buildings occurred while Ban - Ki Moon , the UN secretary general , was in meetings with Israeli leaders trying to win a halt to the fighting .
However , there is no sign yet that Israel is ready to pay any other compensation over the war or conduct its own independent inquiry , despite repeated allegations that its military committed war crimes .
Immediately after the war the UN commissioned an inquiry into damage to its buildings in Gaza and injuries to its staff .
That investigation accused the Israeli military of " negligence or recklessness " in its conduct of the war and said reparations for death and damage should be paid , putting the figure at more than $ 11 m .
The inquiry , led by Ian Martin , a Briton who is a former head of Amnesty International , marked the first major challenge to Israel over its conduct of the war .
It found the Israeli military 's actions " involved varying degrees of negligence or recklessness " and that the military took " inadequate " precautions towards UN premises and said the deaths of civilians should be investigated under the rules of international humanitarian law .
Israel at the time rejected those findings , even before the summary of the report was made public , saying it was " tendentious " and " patently biased " .
However , the allegations were matched by international human rights groups and by a second , broader UN inquiry , commissioned by the UN Human Rights Council , and led by the former South African judge Richard Goldstone , which accused both Israel and Hamas , the Palestinian Islamist group , of war crimes .
One of the most serious incidents involving the UN in Gaza took place on 6 January near a UN boys ' prep school in Jabaliya being used as a shelter for hundreds of Palestinians who had fled their homes to escape the fighting .
The Israeli military fired several 120 mm mortar rounds in the " immediate vicinity " of the school , killing between 30 and 40 people .
Although Israel at the time insisted Hamas had fired mortars from within the school , the UN inquiry found this was untrue .
It held Israel responsible for the attack .
UK magazine Ngamer has posted an interesting tweet on Twitter this afternoon , making a rather bold claim that not only comes right out of the left field and has left us all a bit dazed and confused here at Nintendo Life Towers .
We should stress this is currently deep in the realms of rumour territory for now , with no confirmed word from Sega or Nintendo , so please take it with a rather large pinch of salt for the time being .
Here 's the Tweet in question :
We 've just had some shocking news from an inside source at Nintendo : Sonic will be a playable character in Mario Galaxy 2 !
Wha ?
They sound about as surprised as we are !
As always we 'll keep you posted if the blue speedster and the world 's favourite plumber do indeed join forces outside of the Olympics .
By now , we 're all familiar with Apple 's culture of control .
Particularly when it comes to the App Store , the crew from Cupertino is famous for its frequent rejections and vague explanations .
The process can make the satirical comparisons of Apple and a communist regime seem pretty reasonable at times .
This , my friends , is one of those instances .
Apple has apparently just forbidden a developer from using the word " Android " in his app 's description .
The message : Drop the A - word , or drop your application .
My response : Seriously , Apple ?
Apple and App Store Bans
Apple 's heavy - handed use of the rejection stamp has hit everything from podcasting programs to breast - oriented offerings .
If there 's one company that knows the feeling of being banned , it 's Google .
Apple banned Google 's Google Voice app from its App Store last year , a move so strange - looking that even the FCC questioned it .
Apple , according to documents made public as part of that investigation , said the app " duplicated the core dialer functionality of the iPhone . "
Apple also waved away Google 's Latitude app , reportedly claiming it was too similar to the iPhone 's built - in Maps application and could offer features not found in the native program .
This new godlike stance , however , gets even more petty .
Tim Novikoff , the developer of the Flash of Genius app , says he tried to submit his program to the App Store with a mention of its success in Google 's Android Developer Challenge .
The Developer Challenge is an annual contest that seeks to honor the most innovative and useful new mobile apps .
The Flash of Genius app was a finalist in the Challenge , and Novikoff thought including that information in the description could help illustrate the program 's value and increase its iPhone - based sales .
Apple evidently did n't agree ; Novikoff says he received a notice from Apple 's app approval department that stated the following :
" During our review of your application , we found that your application contains inappropriate or irrelevant platform information in the Application Description and / or Release Notes sections .
" While your application has not been rejected , it would be appropriate to remove ' Finalist in Google 's Android Developer 's Challenge ! ' from the Application Description .
" Please log into iTunes Connect to make appropriate changes to the Application Description now to avoid an interruption in the availability of Flash of Genius : SAT Vocab 2.2 on the iPhone App Store . "
Apple 's Bans : A New Extreme
We know Apple sees Google as an enemy these days ; the two companies , after all , are going head - to - head for smartphone sales .
But not allowing an app into the App Store simply because it uses the word Android in its description ?
That 's a pitiful new low , even by Apple 's standards .
To be clear , the developer himself does n't appear to feel so strongly about the matter ( either that , or he 's afraid that expressing dissent could get him axed from Apple altogether ) .
The app sells decently without the mention of the Android Developer Challenge in its description , Novikoff says , and he 's willing to leave well enough alone .
I guess I 'm just old - fashioned : I like to receive my content unfiltered and make my own decisions .
If I want to use a program that references a competing company , I like knowing that I can .
If I want to use a program that contains content someone else deems " objectionable " -- or , dare I say it , even adult - themed -- I like knowing I have that right .
Apple 's never going to operate under an open and transparent model ; that 's simply not in the cards .
But taking App Store censorship and control to this kind of comedic extreme is nothing short of silly .
The iPhone is n't the only contender in the market anymore .
Trying to pull the wool over your customers ' eyes is n't going to change that ; it 's only going to make you look dated and desperate .
Come on , Apple .
You 're better than that .
JR Raphael is a PCWorld contributing editor and the co-founder of eSarcasm .
He 's on Facebook : facebook.com /The.JR.Raphael
Show only :
videos no name set no tags set exact name match hidden gems
Naming Schemes [ edit ]
A good naming scheme is scalable , unique , and easy to remember .
The purpose of these naming schemes is to name networked servers , wireless access points or client computers , but it can also be used to name projects , products , variables , streets , pets , kids , or any other project where unique names and rememberable names are required .
The Rise of Modular Construction : A Deep Dive into the Perspectives of Architects and Contractors on Its Current and Future Use
Use of modular construction has been growing in ...
Read More
Outdoor cooking was once mainly a summer activity , but now more than 50 % of Americans say they do it year round .
Still , the number of grillers dramatically increases in the summer .
So does the amount of food - borne illness .
There is probably some connection between cooking and eating outside and contamination of food .
Perhaps the risk is greater for those cooking and eating away from home ( picnicking or camping out ) because they may not have access to refrigeration and clean , hot water for washing utensils and hands well .
However , even those grilling and dining in their backyards can benefit from tips on how to produce a safe and healthy meal .
In the U.S. , outdoor grills are the cause of 19,000 emergency - room visits and 7,900 home fires every year .
In previously unseen footage , Michelle Obama has described how she had to consider her family 's future and be sure her questions were answered before she supported her husband 's bid for the US presidency .
Intimate family moments , along with footage of Barack Obama and his election team , were captured by film - makers Amy Rice and Alicia Sams , during his journey to the White House in 2008 .
By The People : The Election Of Barack Obama , Saturday 9 January at 1930 GMT on BBC Two .
SEE MORE : By the People : the Election of Barack Obama
Chris Floyd Published : 02 February 2010 Hits : 14008
The American elite 's unbounded , unquestioned , indeed unconscious sense of imperial entitlement and dominance -- based ultimately on war , the threat of war and the profit from war -- is one of the defining characteristics of our age .
And if you would like to see a glaring example of this attitude in action , look no further than the front page of Tuesday 's New York Times , where one David Sanger gives us his penetrating " news analysis " of the Administration 's just - announced $ 3.8 trillion budget .
Sanger focuses on the huge , continuing deficits that the budget forecasts over the next decade .
Completely ignoring the plain truth that his own expert source tell him later in the story -- that " forecasts 10 years out have no credibility " --
Sanger boldly plunges forward to tell us just what it all means .
You will not be surprised to hear that the upshot of these big deficits is that neither Obama nor his successors will be able to spend any money on " new domestic initiatives " for years to come .
But let 's let Sanger , savant and seer , tell it in his own words :
In a federal budget filled with mind - boggling statistics , two numbers stand out as particularly stunning , for the way they may change American politics and American power .
The first is the projected deficit in the coming year , nearly 11 percent of the country ’s entire economic output .
That is not unprecedented : During the Civil War , World War I and World War II , the United States ran soaring deficits , but usually with the expectation that they would come back down once peace was restored and war spending abated .
But the second number , buried deeper in the budget ’s projections , is the one that really commands attention :
By President Obama ’s own optimistic projections , American deficits will not return to what are widely considered sustainable levels over the next 10 years .
...
For Mr. Obama and his successors , the effect of those projections is clear : Unless miraculous growth , or miraculous political compromises , creates some unforeseen change over the next decade , there is virtually no room for new domestic initiatives for Mr. Obama or his successors .
Beyond that lies the possibility that the United States could begin to suffer the same disease that has afflicted Japan over the past decade .
As debt grew more rapidly than income , that country ’s influence around the world eroded .
While the mood in the city has picked up since the start , when many people were suffering a severe case of buyer ’s remorse , the looming budget realities make it unlikely that all will be forgiven or forgotten .
“ While it ’s very hard to see all the costs , I think people are going to pay for it for a long time , ” said Lee Fletcher as he walked past several flowering cherry trees near his apartment outside Stanley Park , a large tract of forest tucked up against the city ’s downtown .
“ Some people are going to benefit hugely , not the average guy .
The average guy is going to see his taxes increase . ”
The average guy , who cannot easily afford Olympics tickets ( even attending the medals ceremonies costs $ 21 , plus service charges ) , has had other reasons to complain .
The flaming caldron that Mrs. Lombardi admired was initially hidden behind a chain link fence that evoked a medium - security prison .
And until local spirits were dampened by the Canadian hockey team ’s loss to the United States , a large section of downtown was overrun nightly by boisterous , hollering celebrants , an astonishing number of whom were drunk .
The task of defending the Olympics has fallen to Vancouver ’s mayor , Gregor Robertson , who won office in large part because of a voter revolt over the Olympic Village that led voters to dump the right - of - center party that brought the Games to town .
The real estate development industry , which is unusually powerful in Vancouver , provided the city with an Olympic Village plan that seemed — and ultimately was — too good to be true .
A development firm would finance and build the village on a desirable piece of city - owned land .
After the Games , the developer would convert the accommodations into luxury condominiums and pay the city for the property .
Vancouver would get its village and turn a profit as well .
Image Mayor Gregor Robertson , left , and Andrew Lavigne , a resident who is making a documentary , days before the Games opened .
Credit ... Kim Stallknecht for The New York Times
But cost overruns , combined with the credit crisis in 2008 , destroyed the financing .
Once in office , Mr. Robertson had to obtain special permission from the province to borrow $ 434 million to complete the village .
In all , the city is responsible for about $ 1 billion in development costs , a situation that lowered its credit rating .
MONTCLAIR , N.J. , Sept. 28 — The parents of Damion Frye ’s ninth - grade students are spending their evenings this fall doing something they thought they had left behind long ago : homework .
So far , Mr. Frye , an English teacher at Montclair High School , has asked the parents to read and comment on a Franz Kafka story , Section 1 of Walt Whitman ’s “ Song of Myself ” and a speech given by Robert F. Kennedy in 1968 .
Their newest assignment is a poem by Saul Williams , a poet , musician and rapper who lives in Los Angeles .
The ninth graders complete their assignments during class ; the parents are supposed to write their responses on a blog Mr. Frye started online .
If the parents do not comply , Mr. Frye tells them , their child ’s grade may suffer — a threat on which he has made good only once in the three years he has been making such assignments .
The point , he said , is to keep parents involved in their children ’s ’ education well into high school .
Studies have shown that parental involvement improves the quality of the education a student receives , but teenagers seldom invite that involvement .
So , Mr. Frye said , he decided to help out .
Police are talking to a Taupo boy and his family after the child brought a grenade to his intermediate school , sparking its evacuation .
Taupo Intermediate School staff called police about 11.50 am today , and students were evacuated into the middle of the field , where they waited for about two hours for the all - clear to be given .
The army bomb squad arrived at the school about 2.10 pm , finding the grenade to be missing its detonator .
" Other than that , it looked like the genuine article , " Taupo acting Senior Sergeant Stuart Duncan told NZPA .
He commended the school 's staff on their dealing with the situation .
Officers were talking to the boy and his family to find out where the weapon came from and why he had it , Mr Duncan said .
" He is back in the care of his family , with police inquiries continuing as to why the child thought it was a good idea to bring it to school . "
About The Author Paul is a leader in conversion rate optimisation and user experience design thinking .
He has over 25 years experience working with clients such as Doctors … More about Paul …
Is John The Client Dense or Are You Failing Him ?
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Meet John the client .
John runs a reasonably large website .
He is a marketer who considers himself smart , articulate and professional .
That said , he does n’t know much about Web design , and so he needs your help .
John comes to you with a clear set of business objectives and asks for a quote .
But what happens next leaves John confused , frustrated and extremely unhappy .
Explain Why You Are Asking About Money
Before giving John his quote , you ask a little more about the project .
After chatting for a few minutes , you ask him about his budget .
A fair question , you think .
After all , you could approach the project in so many ways .
Without knowing the budget , knowing where to begin is impossible .
In your mind , building a website is like building a house .
Without knowing the budget , you ca n’t possibly know how many rooms the client can afford or what materials you should use to build .
John , on the other hand , is instantly suspicious .
Why would you want to know about his budget ?
The only reason he can think of is that you want to make sure you do n’t charge him less than what he is willing to give .
Besides , he does n’t really know his budget .
How the heck is he supposed to know how much a website costs ?
Do n’t come across as money - grubbing .
( Image credit )
John leaves , determined to find a Web designer who does n’t want to take advantage of him .
Fortunately for you , all of the other designers he speaks with also neglect to explain why they need to know about his budget , and so you manage to win the project after all .
Justify Your Recommendations
In Language John Can Understand
Once you have won the job , you arrange a kick - off meeting to nail down the specifications .
However , John instantly regrets his decision to hire you because his worse fears have been confirmed .
In his eyes , you are all of a sudden trying to squeeze more money out of him as you waffle about the importance of usability and accessibility .
John does n’t care about disabled users .
He does n’t expect disabled users to visit his website anyway .
And as for usability , surely the job of the Web designer is to make the website usable .
Why do we need expensive usability testing ?
He is pretty certain that usability testing involves expensive things like cameras , labs and two - way mirrors .
You thought you had explained these issues clearly .
You spoke of WCAG 2 , and you mentioned Jakob Neilsen .
You are beginning to wonder if John is a bit thick .
Avoid techno - babble if you expect clients to understand what you ’re talking about .
( Image credit )
Perhaps if you had talked about accessibility in terms of assessing search engine rankings and testing usability as a way to increase conversion , then John might have listened .
As it is , John puts his foot down and refuses to pay for any of these “ unnecessary extras . ”
Include John In The Process
You walk away from the kick - off meeting pleased to have a signed contract .
But that feeling in the pit of your stomach tells you that this might be another one of those projects .
Regardless , you try to be optimistic , and you dive into the design process .
Almost immediately , you get a phone call from John asking if there is anything for him to see .
You explain that it is still early in the process and that you are not ready to present anything .
John sounds disappointed but resigned .
A short while later , you are ready to present the design to John .
You are pleased with the result .
It took you a lot more time than you had budgeted for , but it was worth it .
The final design is extremely easy to use and will make for a great portfolio piece .
Stop hiding from your clients .
Show them your work early on , and include them in the process .
( Image credit )
When John sees the design , he is horrified .
From his perspective , you have entirely missed the point .
The design clashes with his offline marketing materials and does n’t hit the right selling points .
Also , he is convinced that his suppliers will hate it and , although they are not his end users , their opinion matters .
After a tense conference call , you feel demoralized but have struck a compromise that hopefully will make John happy .
You wonder in hindsight whether showing John some of your initial ideas and sketches would have been better .
Perhaps you should have presented a wireframe first .
Educate John About Design
After much agonizing and compromise , you are once again ready to present to John .
John is much happier with the new design and feels it is heading in the right direction .
However , he does have some concerns .
For starters , he has to scroll to see most of the content , and yet white space takes up either side of the design .
He tells you to move key content into this wasted space .
Also , as he thinks about his young male target audience , he realizes that the color scheme is too effeminate , so he tells you to change it to blue .
While John feels somewhat happier , you feel crushed .
You feel as though he is trying to do the job for you .
The instructions to move this there and change this color to that makes you feel like you have been reduced to pushing pixels .
Educate your clients so they make more informed decisions .
( Image credit )
By this point , you are sure the client is dim , and now you just want him to sign off on a design .
At no stage do you think to ask John why he is requesting these changes .
Perhaps if you had appreciated his thinking , you could have explained concepts such as screen resolution and suggested an alternative to corporate blue , which is so over - used on the Web .
Instead , you wash your hands of the design and just give John what he wants .
Communicate With John Regularly
Now that the design is complete , you turn your attention to building it .
John certainly wo n’t care about your code .
Now you can finally do things right .
It ’s a big job and takes a lot of time .
Even though you put too much time into the design and washed your hands of it , you still have your pride .
You are not about to cut corners with the code .
After all , other designers might look at it and judge you !
You work really hard , putting in more work than you probably should have .
John even manages to slip in some extra functionality at the scoping phase , which turns out to be a pain in the butt .
For his part , John is wondering what ’s going on .
He has n’t heard from you in weeks .
Surely the website must be ready now ?
He decides to email you to ask how things are progressing .
You reply with a short email telling him that everything is progressing smoothly .
You never did like project management , and you are sure John would prefer that you spend time building his website instead of writing him detailed reports .
John receives your email and is becoming increasingly frustrated .
What does “ progressing smoothly ” mean ?
He writes back asking for an expected date of completion , and you reply with a rough estimate .
The date comes and goes without a word from you .
After all , it was merely an estimate , and several complications have delayed completion by a few days .
John finally loses his temper and calls you .
He tells you that he has arranged a marketing campaign to coincide with the launch date , and because he had n’t heard from you , he presumed everything was on schedule .
Communicate with your client regularly .
( Image credit )
You defend yourself , citing “ scope creep ” and unanticipated delays .
But responding is difficult when John says , “ All I needed was a weekly email keeping me up to date on progress . ”
Explain John ’s Ongoing Role
By this stage , the relationship has broken down entirely .
You finish your work , and the website finally launches .
Begrudgingly , John pays the invoice after delaying it for as long as possible .
What amazes you most is John ’s pronouncement that he is bitterly disappointed with the result .
How can that be when you gave him exactly what he asked for ?
This guy is n’t just thick : he ’s a jerk !
Of course , John sees things differently .
He came to you with a list of his business objectives , and the website has failed to meet any of them .
He had hoped to launch the website , watch it achieve his objectives and then move on to the next project .
Instead , after an initial spike in interest , the number of users and inquiries dropped over time , and the website stagnated .
Ensure that your client understands what kind of ongoing care their website will need .
( Image credit )
What John does not realize is that websites need continued love and support .
You cannot build a website and then abandon it .
John has to nurture it by adding new content , engaging with visitors and planning for ongoing development .
If only someone had told him .
The Moral Of The Story
It ’s amazing how quick we are to judge our clients .
As Web designers , we communicate and empathize for a living .
Our job is to communicate messages to our clients ’ users .
We create usable websites by putting ourselves in the position of our users , which allows us to design around their needs .
Why , then , do we so often seem to be incapable of empathizing or communicating with our clients ?
Perhaps it is time for us to apply the skills we have cultivated as Web designers to our own customers .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
After a day of debate and disagreement , President Barack Obama concluded Thursday ’s unprecedented live talkfest on health care with the bleak assessment that accord between Democrats and Republicans may not be possible .
He rejected Republican preferences for seeking a step - by - step solution or simply starting over .
Obama strongly suggested that Democrats will try to pass a sweeping overhaul without GOP support , by using controversial Senate budget rules that would disallow filibusters .
And then , he said , this fall ’s elections would write the verdict on who was right .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We cannot have another yearlong debate about this , ” Obama said at the end of a 7 1/2 - hour marathon policy session .
Neither side gave much ground , sticking mostly to familiar arguments and talking points .
The president urged Republicans to “ do a little soul searching ” but said majority Democrats would decide quickly how to move forward on a priority that has eluded leaders for half a century .
“ This will take courage to do , ” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif .
said in her own closing speech .
“ But we will get it done . ”
With the conversation veering between mind - numbing detail and flaring tempers , Obama and his Democratic allies clashed with congressional Republicans over the right prescription for the nation ’s broken health care system .
Though there was much talk of agreement , each side held onto long - entrenched positions that left them far apart .
Democrats seek a kind of broad remake ; Republicans favor much more modest changes .
“ We have a very difficult gap to bridge here , ” said Rep. Eric Cantor , the No. 2 House Republican .
“ We just ca n’t afford this .
That ’s the ultimate problem . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
With Cantor sitting in front of a giant stack of nearly 2,400 pages representing the Democrats ’
Senate - passed bill , Obama said cost is a legitimate question , but he took Cantor and other Republicans to task for using political shorthand and props “ that prevent us from having a conversation . ”
And so it went , hour after hour at Blair House , just across Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House .
It was essentially a condensed , one - day version of the entire past year of debate over the nation ’s health care crisis , with all its heat , complexity and detail , and a crash course in the partisan divide .
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama and other Democrats argued that a broad overhaul is imperative for the nation ’s future economic vitality .
The president cast health care as “ one of the biggest drags on our economy , ” tying his top domestic priority to an issue that ’s even more pressing to many Americans .
“ This is the last chance , as far as I ’m concerned , ” Rep. Louise Slaughter , D - N.Y .
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama lamented partisan bickering that has resulted in a stalemate .
“ Politics I think ended up trumping practical common sense , ” he said .
And yet , even as he pleaded for cooperation — “ actually a discussion , and not just us trading talking points ” — he insisted on a number of Democratic points and acknowledged agreement may not be possible , particularly on the trickiest area of extending coverage to the uninsured and preventing insurers from denying coverage to those with pre-existing conditions .
“ I do n’t know frankly whether we can close that gap , ” he said as he wrapped things up .
With such hardened positions well staked out before the meeting , the president and his Democratic allies prepared to move on alone — a gamble with political risks no matter how they do that .
ADVERTISEMENT
The option preferred by the White House and progressives in the Democratic caucus is the reconciliation route .
GOP Sen .
Lamar Alexander asked Democrats to swear it off , while Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , defended it .
Obama weighed in with gentle chiding , asking both sides to focus on substance and worry about process later — a plea he made repeatedly throughout the day with little success .
A USA Today / Gallup survey released Thursday found Americans tilt 49 - 42 against Democrats forging ahead by themselves without any GOP support .
Opposition was even stronger to the idea of Senate Democrats using the special budget rules , with 52 percent opposed and 39 percent in favor .
A second alternative for Obama and his party is going smaller , with a modest bill that would merely smooth some of the rough edges from the current system .
A month after the Massachusetts election that cost Democrats their Senate supermajority and threw the health legislation in doubt , the White House has developed its own slimmed - down health care proposal so the president will know what the impact would be if he chooses that route , according to a Democratic official familiar with the discussions .
That official could not provide details , but Democrats have looked at approaches including expanding Medicaid and allowing children to stay on their parents ’ health plans until around age 26 .
Obama himself hinted at a Democrats - only strategy .
When asked by reporters as he walked to the summit site if he had a Plan B , he responded : “ I ’ve always got plans . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Many lawmakers and Obama stressed areas of agreement , including items such as allowing parents to keep young adult children on their health plans into their 20s , cutting fraud and waste and ensuring that sick people are n’t dropped by insurance companies .
But such items occupy the edges of reform .
Indeed , any skepticism about reaching broad consensus was vindicated as soon as the first Republican spoke — in opposition to the mammoth bills that have passed the House and Senate .
Alexander , of Tennessee , said Congress and the administration should start over and take small steps , including medical malpractice reform , high - risk insurance pools , a way to allow Americans to shop out of state for lower - cost plans and an expansion of health savings accounts .
“ We believe we have a better idea , ” Alexander said .
“ Our views represent the views of a great number of American people . ”
Disagreements were not always expressed diplomatically .
ADVERTISEMENT
Alexander challenged Obama ’s claim that insurance premiums would fall under the Democratic legislation .
“ You ’re wrong , ” he said .
Responded Obama : “ I ’m pretty certain I ’m not wrong . ”
As with much in the complicated health care debate , both sides had a point .
The Congressional Budget Office says average premiums for people buying insurance individually would be 10 to 13 percent higher in 2016 under the Senate legislation , as Alexander said .
But the policies would cover more medical services , and around half of people could get government subsidies to defray the extra costs .
Obama and his 2008 GOP opponent for the presidency , Sen. John McCain of Arizona , had a barbed exchange .
McCain complained at length about what he said was a backdoor process to produce the original bills that resulted in favors for special interests and carve - outs for certain states .
“ We ’re not campaigning anymore .
The election ’s over , ” responded a clearly irritated Obama .
“ I ’m reminded of that every day , ” McCain shot back , adding that “ the American people care about what we did and how we did it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Said Obama :
“ We can have a debate about process or we can have a debate about how we ’re actually going to help the American people at this point .
And I think that ’s — the latter debate is the one that they care about a little bit more . ”
Generally , polls show Americans want solutions to the problems of high medical costs , eroding access to coverage and uneven quality .
But they are split over the Democrats ’ sweeping legislation , with its $ 1 trillion , 10 - year price tag and many complex provisions , including some that would n’t take effect for eight years .
The Democratic bills would require most Americans to get health insurance , while providing subsidies for many in the form of a new tax credit .
The Democrats would set up a competitive insurance market for small businesses and people buying coverage on their own .
Democrats also would make a host of other changes , which include addressing a coverage gap in the Medicare prescription benefit and setting up a new long - term - care insurance program .
Their plan would be paid for through a mix of Medicare cuts and tax increases .
“ Not only are lawmakers polarized , the parties ’ constituencies are far apart , ” said Robert Blendon , a Harvard University professor who follows public opinion trends on health care .
“ The president is going to use it as a launching pad for what will be the last effort to get a big bill passed .
He will say that he tried to get a bipartisan compromise and it was n’t possible . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Blair House setting was n’t grand , or even particularly comfortable .
About 40 senators , representatives and administration officials were crowded shoulder - to - shoulder around a hollow square table , perched for the six - hour marathon on wooden chairs with thin cushions .
Coffee breaks were ruled out , so the only pause in the action came during lunch .
C-SPAN carried complete coverage , while news operations from cable networks to public broadcasting were making it the focus of their day .
Leaving the site during a lunch break , Obama was asked by waiting reporters if he thought the debate was engendering a lot of interest across the country .
“ I do n’t know if it ’s interesting watching it on TV , ” he responded .
IN THE days after the election of Scott Brown as the new Senator from Massachusetts , many left - leaning pundits echoed the message that what bothered them most about the outcome was not the defeat itself but the overreaction from the Democratic leadership .
The loss was disappointing , no doubt , but Democratic legislators seemed to be treating the defeat of a terrible candidate by a very good one in a special election in one state as the very death knell of their party .
Republicans , by contrast , reacted to their overwhelming electoral defeat in November of 2008 by bucking themselves up to stand firm against the new president and large majorities in both houses of Congress .
I suspect those left - leaning bloggers will be fuming tomorrow :
On an exciting phone call with progressive internet writers earlier this evening , a senior administration official outlined the Obama administration 's plan to call for a freeze in non-security discretionary spending starting with the Fiscal Year 2011 budget .
Described as an effort to balance concern with a “ massive GDP gap ” in the short run and “ very substantial budget deficits out over time , ” the plan calls for the FY 2011 budget to be higher than the FY 2010 budget , but then for non-security discretionary spending to be held constant in FY 2012 and FY 2013 .
( Let me note right here that all of the reporters on the call , myself included , screwed up and forgot to seek clarification as to whether this is a nominal freeze or a real dollar freeze ) .
The freeze would not apply to the Department of Defense , the Department of Veterans Affairs , the Department of Homeland Security , or to the foreign operations budget of the State Department .
The official emphasized that the freeze is not the only element of the administration 's plans for deficit reduction , just the only element he was prepared to discuss on this particular call .
“ This is only one component of an overall budget , ” he said , “ you 'll see other components on Monday . ”
So is this an across - the - board freeze like we 've heard Republicans call for ?
No , it 's “ not a blunt across the board freeze . ”
Rather , some agencies will see their budgets go up and others will go down , producing an overall freeze effect .
The senior official sought to portray this as not just a question of spending less money , but of getting our money 's worth — cutting ( unspecified ) ineffective programs and spending more on programs that work .
Here 's the New York Times version of the story .
There really is no good way to interpret this turn of events .
From the standpoint of the purely economical , this is a huge mistake .
Even if we assume that the economy will be strong enough in 2011 to handle budget balancing , this proposal is practically worthless .
The administration has said this will produce $ 250 billion in savings over ten years , but as The Economistnoted in November , the fiscal deficit will be over $ 700 billion in 2014 alone , and will grow from there .
Non -defence discretionary spending is nothing ; those who are serious about long - term budget sustainability talk about defence , they talk about entitlements , and they talk about revenues .
In other words , this will do very little about the deficit , and it will do even less to convince markets of the credibility of the American effort to trim the deficit .
So perhaps this is all about politics ?
Well , maybe , but there are two enormous problems with that .
One is that the campaign - trail version of Barack Obama railed against John McCain 's proposal for a spending freeze , rightly , as using a hatchet where a scalpel was needed .
It 's unlikely that Mr Obama 's political opponents will let him forget that .
The other is that this is a complete betrayal of the political ideal Mr Obama seemed to espouse from the beginning of his political career — the rejection of the argument by the lowest common denominator in favour of a more reasoned and argued approach .
This is yet another move toward the infantilisation of the electorate ; whatever the gamesmanship behind the proposal , Mr Obama has apparently concluded that the electorate can't be expected to handle anything like a real description of the tough decisions which must be made .
I sympathise with Mr Obama 's position — would that American voters were patient enough to hear and consider a detailed policy discussion on a complex issue — but it 's unreasonable to expect that Americans can be hoodwinked into major policy shifts .
And this is an incredibly risky political gamble for the president .
Much of the liberal base of the Democratic party was already prepared to mutiny after the overreaction to the Massachusetts defeat and the abandonment of the health - care reform bill .
This may well drive them over the edge .
If it were n't enough that the proposal treats voters as children and a serious problem as a political football to be kicked around , the president 's plan also appears to endanger an economy that has n't meaningfully raised employment in over a decade and it solidifies defence spending as the untouchable budget category , when in fact it should be anything but .
I understand the arguments from supporters of the president that this is a poltical gambit , that it wo n't actually amount to much but a sound talking point and a tool with which to co-opt the president 's moderate antagonists .
What 's the difference ?
Seriously .
How does the president move from this to any important policy goal ?
What room does this leave him to deal with either the jobless recovery or the long - run budget deficit ?
Through bad times and good times for the president , there was one word I never associated with him and his approach to the challenges facing the country : gimmick .
But this is a bright shining gimmick that advertises a lack of seriousness to both near - term economic weakness and long - run budget problems .
This is decidedly not what is needed right now .
If this is the best the president can do , Democrats , and the country , are in for a very long few years .
Pupils will learn about all types of relationships Children 's Secretary Ed Balls has denied plans for compulsory sex education in England 's schools have been watered down .
But an amendment to a government bill gives faith schools more freedom to tailor teaching to their own beliefs .
Pressure groups claim this amendment would allow faith schools to ignore requirements in the bill to teach it in a balanced way , respecting diversity .
The government has denied it could result in a rise in homophobia .
If a school does n't approve of contraception or abortion or homosexuality , then it can give that message
Rabbi Dr Jonathan Romain
Accord coalition Mr Balls dismissed suggestions the amendment to the Children , Schools and Families Bill , which was first revealed by the BBC News Website , represented an " opt out " for faith schools .
He told the Today programme : " A Catholic faith school can say to their pupils we believe as a religion contraception is wrong but what they can't do is therefore say that they are not going to teach them about contraception to children and how to access contraception .
" What this changes is that for the first time these schools cannot just ignore these issues or teach only one side of the argument .
" They also have to teach that there are different views on homosexuality .
They cannot teach homophobia .
They must explain civil partnership . "
But opponents say this requirement was already in the Children , Schools and Families Bill .
Rabbi Dr Jonathan Romain , of the Accord Coalition which calls for an end to what it sees as religious discrimination in school staffing and admissions , told Today he was " astonished and saddened " that Mr Balls had chosen to effectively give faith schools an opt - out .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
' Negative '
" If a school does n't approve of contraception or abortion or homosexuality , then it can give that message or it can omit certain facts .
" We know there are some faith schools which take a very negative view . "
Under the plans , all schools are to be required to teach children aged seven to 11 about relationships including marriage , same sex and civil partnerships , divorce and separation under Personal , Social , Health and Economic Education .
Secondary school pupils are to learn about sexual activity , reproduction , contraception as well as same sex relationships .
Sex and relationship education - who does what ?
Age 5 - 7 - puberty , relationships and how to keep safe Age 7 - 11 - puberty , relationships including marriage , divorce , separation , same sex and civil partnerships and managing emotions and dealing with negative pressures Age 11 - 14 - Sexual activity , human reproduction , contraception , pregnancy , STDs including HIV / Aids and high risk behaviours , relationships , including those between old , young , girls , boys and same sex Age 14 - 16 - Body image and health , choices relating to sexual activity and substance misuse , and the emotional well - being , reducing risk and minimising harm , parenting skills and family life , separation , divorce and bereavements , prejudice and bullying
Send us your comments
The bill states the subject is to be taught in a way that promotes equality , accepts diversity and emphasises both rights and responsibilities .
This requirement could have been problematic for schools governed by religions that are specifically opposed to homosexuality and contraception .
About a third of schools in England are faith schools .
In a statement on its website , the Catholic Education Service says the amendment , which was tabled by Children 's Secretary Ed Balls , was secured after a period of " extensive lobbying " .
But it refused to comment on the issue .
Liberal Democrat Children 's spokesman David Laws said the amendment was " a serious and undesirable U - turn " .
' Homophobia '
He told Today : " This government has n't had a bad record over the years in trying to challenge things like homophobia .
" Now , with this amendment it 's undermined a lot potentially , that it 's been achieving .
I think it will upset many people who believe that in today 's Britain we should have a society where the taxpayer should not be subsidising prejudice . "
The British Humanist Association is also among those who have criticised the amendment .
Its chief executive Andrew Copson said the amendment effectively gave a licence to faith schools to teach sex and relationships educations in ways that were homophobic , gender discriminatory and violated principles of human rights .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In another calamitous blow to the global warming church , the highly anticipated National Oceanic and Atmosphere Administration ( NOAA ) , which is part of the Commerce Department , had to cancel their global altering press conference about man-made global warming in Washington D.C. because of an unprecedented winter storm that has shut D.C. and the federal government down .
Alas , all is not lost ; they will hold their press conference via telephone , God willing the snow and ice does not disable the telephone system .
The gist of the meeting according to the NOAA press release :
“ More and more , Americans are witnessing the impacts of climate change in their own backyards , including sea - level rise , longer growing seasons , changes in river flows , increases in heavy downpours , earlier snowmelt and extended ice - free seasons in our waters .
People are searching for relevant and timely information about these changes to inform decision - making about virtually all aspects of their lives . ”
It is interesting to consider the information the NOAA decided to leave out regarding the weather and climate : anomalous winter storms around the world , a trend towards globally cooler temperatures for the past decade , atmospheric CO2 and temperatures lower than during the medieval era , the decline of the earth ’s temperatures between 1940 and 1980 , and during the 1970 ’s , the same global scientists wringing their hands about the impending cooling of the earth and the devastation it would wreak upon mankind if the earth did not start warming .
But fear not , NOAA spokesman , Justin Kenny , is happy .
Kenny states that , “ NOAA is happy to have a chance to educate people about the difference between the climate and the weather .
Education is well needed in this arena . ”
Clarification please : if the earth has been cooling for the past decade , and winter storms are coming earlier each year and are more severe , is that the weather or the climate ?
I am going to take a stab in the dark and say the earth is cooling , not warming .
My untrained and anecdotal logic : Fact , the earth has been cooling for a decade ; fact , for the past ten years there has been an increase in aberrant winter storms around the globe ; fact , various places around the globe are either receiving snow for the first time in many decades , or are receiving snow earlier than any time on record ; fact , the more prominent American and British climate scientists had almost the entirety of their man-made global warming science indicted as a first - rate counterfeit ring by thousands of hacked emails substantiating their deception .
And let ’s not forget the granddaddy of all global warming summits in Copenhagen , Denmark , which was decimated by winter storm .
Denmark has a maritime climate that lends itself to mild winters .
But for the first time in 14 years , Denmark had a white Christmas , as the temperature plummeted to an unprecedented 25 degrees Fahrenheit and dumped 4 inches of snow on the city .
This was of the utmost inconvenience for the 1200 limousines and 140 private jets that dumped their CO2 across the globe en-route to Copenhagen to save the planet .
Does a decade constitute weather or does it constitute climate ?
Here is a list from the Examiner :
January 15 , 2004 – A global warming rally held in New York is subdued by one of the coldest days in New York City history .
Gore tells the audience it was caused by global warming .
November , 2006 – Al Gore visits Australia two weeks before the start of summer .
Ski resort operators are caught off guard by the snowfall .
February , 2007 – A hearing in the House of Representatives on global warming is cancelled after a snow and ice storm strike DC .
April , 2007 – Two feet of snow arrive on Itaca , NY in time for an Earth Day rally .
April , 2007 – A rally in Reno , Nevada held by the Northern Nevada Coalition for Climate Change is cut short by heavy rain and sleet .
March , 2007 – A media briefing on the Senate ’s climate bill is cancelled due to a snowstorm .
December 5 , 2007 – Washington DC receives its first snow of the season as the Senate ’s Environment and Public Works Committee debates global warming legislation .
January , 2008 – A global warming rally in Baltimore , Maryland is held amidst falling snow .
October 22 , 2008 – Al Gore appears at Harvard amidst temperatures that approached 125 year old low temperature records .
October 28 , 2008 – The House of Commons debates a climate change bill as London gets its first October snow since 1922 .
October 28 , 2008 – John McCain and Barack Obama campaign in Pennsylvania .
A wet , wintry mix causes McCain to cancel a rally while Obama goes forward .
He teases people holding ‘ stop global warming ’ signs saying , “ This is probably not the weather to hold up those signs .
I ’m not into global warming either but it ’s a little chilly today . ”
November , 2008 – The “ People ’s Power for the Climate ” protest in Newcastle , Australia is canceled after one day due to rain and cold .
Participants had been told to bring sunscreen and hats .
December , 2008 – The former vice president speaks to an audience in Milan , Italy about global warming .
Outside it is snowing , a rare event in the area .
Snow and freezing rain also strike Rome , Naples , Palermo and Sicily .
January 17 , 2009 – President - elect Obama on his train tour to the capital stops in Philadelphia .
He tells those gathered , “ A planet that is warming from our unsustainable dependence on oil . ”
Temperatures were 18 degrees with a wind chill below 10 degrees .
January 28 , 2009 – Al Gore is set to testify to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee about global warming .
A winter storm arrives at the nation ’s capital .
February 5 , 2009 – Temperatures down to - 6 degrees freeze a major global warming conference in Buffalo .
March 2 , 2009 – A major global warming rally billed as “ the nation ’s largest act of civil disobedience ” sees low turnout after a blizzard blanketed the nation ’s capital with snow .
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi cancels an appearance at the event after her flight was delayed due to the storm .
July , 2009 – Leading up to a visit from Al Gore to launch Safe Climate Australia , Melbourne suffers through temperatures approaching zero degrees .
October 9 , 2009 – Al Gore is in Madison , Wisconsin for a convention of the Society of Environmental Journalists .
Record cold temperatures arrive with him .
March 2 , 2009 – Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) had to cancel an appearance Monday at a global warming rally in Washington , D.C. , that was hit by a snowstorm because her flight was delayed , her office told CNSNews.com .
December 24 , 2009 – Copenhagen Climate Summit ravaged by unusual winter storm .
February 10 , 2010 – NOAA forced to hold press conference by phone due to unprecedented D.C. winter storm .
Perhaps if I look at man-made global warming through the same prism that Obama looks through to determine the state of the U.S. economy , I would see the light : the more debt he can pile on the country , and the higher he can make the deficit of the United States , and the more people that are unemployed , then apparently , the better , as just last week Obama told us so : “ We are seeing the corner turn on the economy growing again . ”
So with that logic , the colder it gets , the warmer it must be getting .
Makes sense to me .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News , San Diego
NAS chief Ralph Cicerone says crisis is a ' wake - up call ' for researchers Leading scientists say that the recent controversies surrounding climate research have damaged the image of science as a whole .
President of the US National Academy of Sciences , Ralph Cicerone , said scandals including the " climategate " e-mail row had eroded public trust in scientists .
His comment came at the annual American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in San Diego .
Dr Cicerone joined other renowned scientists on a panel at the event .
' Distrust has spread '
He said that the controversial e-mail exchanges about climate change data had caused people to suspect that scientists " oppressed free speech " .
His fellow panel members , including Lord Martin Rees , president of the UK's Royal Society , agreed that scientists needed to be more open about their findings .
" There is some evidence that the distrust has spread , " Dr Cicerone told BBC News .
" There is a feeling that scientists are suppressing dissent , stifling their competitors through conspiracies . "
Recent polls , including one carried out by the BBC , have suggested that climate scepticism is on the rise .
Dr Cicerone linked this shift in public feeling to the hacked e-mails and to recently publicised mistakes made by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) in one of its key reports .
' More transparency '
He said he was convinced that these events had had a wider knock - on effect .
" Public opinion polls are showing that the answers to questions like : ' how much do you respect scientists ? ' or ' are they behaving in disinterested ways ? ' , have deteriorated in the last few months . "
He said that this crisis of public confidence should be a wake - up call for researchers , and that the world had now " entered an era in which people expected more transparency " .
" People expect us to do things more in the public light and we just have to get used to that , " he said .
" Just as science itself improves and self - corrects , I think our processes have to improve and self - correct . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Israeli foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman yesterday flatly rebuffed David Miliband 's request for cooperation with an investigation into the use of forged British passports in the assassination of a Hamas leader .
The request for assistance came as the total number of fake British passports believed to have been used in last month 's assassination rose from six to eight .
But private discussions on the sidelines of an EU meeting in Brussels – and an identical request from Irish foreign minister Micheál Martin – yielded no concessions on the Israeli side .
A statement from Mr Lieberman 's office reiterated that there was " no proof " of Israeli involvement in the affair .
" If someone would present information beyond articles in the media , we would relate to it , " he is said to have told Mr Miliband .
" But since there is no such information , there is no need to deal with the matter . "
Mr Miliband , meanwhile , said simply that he had " set out for the foreign minister the seriousness of the issue " .
Israel also came under pressure from a joint statement by the EU foreign ministers that " strongly condemned " the use of forged passports , although it did not mention Israel by name .
Israel 's position forces the UK to decide whether tensions over the passport use will escalate into a crisis that could affect bilateral relations .
The Israeli assumption is that Britain has no such intention .
Mr Miliband 's references to " the profound concern that exists not just in Britain but all over Europe about this incident " were not matched by any concrete steps .
The British inquiry into the use of passports belonging to dual British - Israeli nationals was announced by Gordon Brown last week after authorities released details of suspects in the killing of a Hamas official , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in Dubai .
Police there believe the hit squad were from Israel 's intelligence agency , Mossad .
Mr Lieberman suggested to Mr Miliband and Mr Martin that the killing may have been the result of inter-Arab feuding .
" There is an Arab tendency to blame Israel for everything .
In the Middle East there are many internal struggles within states and bodies that are n't democratic like Israel , " he said , according to the spokesman .
The EU 's statement said that the assassination raised " profoundly disturbing " issues .
But Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri criticised its wording .
" Condemning the use of passports was insufficient , " he said .
" The statement did not indicate any condemnation of the crime , Mabhouh 's assassination . "
I noticed the similarities to the current feature film LITTLE MAN to a particular Bugs Bunny cartoon when I first saw the trailer back on May 3rd – and many critics have mentioned it in their reviews .
I have no interest in seeing the flick .
But thankfully our pal Art Bininger scored a free ticket and reports back that the film is even closer to the cartoon than we thought :
LITTLE MAN , from the Wayans Brothers , is an unmistakeable rip - off of BABY BUGGY BUNNY , which you mentioned in Cartoon Brew a while back .
As comedy misfires go , this one does have a few chuckles sprinkled throughout .
There are at least three lifts from the Bugs Bunny
cartoon : 1 . The couple discovering a military tattoo on the tyke .
2. John Witherspoon ( “ Pops ” ) giving the “ baby ” the old “ upsy daisy ” against the ceiling .
3 . The lights - out gag , where little Calvin clubs a henchman ( in cartoonish silhouette ) every time the lights are turned off .
The henchman then leans over the sleeping baby , says “ Click ” and gets whomped again .
I stayed through the closing credits , hoping that maybe there would be a reference to Chuck Jones or Michael Maltese but no such luck .
Based on the opening weekend grosses , and the success of Disney ’s Pirates of the Carribbean , perhaps the Wayans brothers should have studied BUCCANEER BUNNY instead !
I do n't know why this is difficult for people , but Joe Stack , the American who recently flew his plane into an Austin IRS building was a terrorist .
Some people call him a patriot .
Others argue whether he is a criminal or a terrorist .
What people are not doing , at least from what I 'm reading , is defining the word " terrorist " .
Also , curiously , they 're not talking about his victims ( few , fortunately ) .
Were he to have caused damage anywhere close to 9/11 or the Oklahoma City bombing I suspect that people would be more sensible about this , but hey , he only appears to have killed one person so far , so no big deal , eh ?
Unless you 're in that person 's family .
Let 's get one thing straight : terrorism is the use or threat of violence against non-combatants to effect political change [ 1 ] .
Ignore the the " proctologist with a flashlight " explanations from politicians or , for that matter , from most law enforcement officers with little to no experience with terrorism .
This phenomenon , despite what people say , is actually fairly well known and understood and has been for quite some time .
While those who truly study the field will have varying definitions , they all revolve around the central concepts of violence , non-combatants , and political change .
Is a police officer a non-combatant ?
That 's a subject of debate , but no one ( even bin Laden , if you listen to him ) denies that 9/11 was an act of terrorism because it clearly fits the definition . [ 2 ]
From this we can conclude :
A man beating his wife is not a " domestic terrorist " .
He 's a bastard , not a revolutionary .
A hacker cracking the stock exchange 's computers is a criminal , but regardless of his motive , he 's not using or threatening violence and thus is not a terrorist ( remember , without terror , there is no terrorism ) .
The Thuggee Cult in India were not terrorists because their use of violence against civilians was to honor Kali , not to bring about political change .
The Nicaraguan Contras , regardless of whether or not you agree with them , are extremely well documented as having used violence against innocent civilians that they thought were sympathetic to the government .
The issue with the Nicaraguan Contras is particularly telling .
Many Americans thought the US was right to support the Contras .
Regardless of whether or not you supported them , though , they still clearly engaged in terrorist activities .
Like the many IRA groups in Ireland , whether or not you sympathize with someone 's point of view has absolutely no bearing on whether or not they are a terrorist .
You can call them " freedom fighters " if you like , but they 're still terrorists .
You can't have it both ways .
They 're not suddenly " unterrorists " just because you like them .
So what did Joe Stack do ?
He flew his plane into an IRS building in Austin , killing one person , critically injuring two others and injuring eleven more .
More casualties or deaths may emerge later .
He had no reason to believe , and his writings support this , that he was attacking a military institution full of combatants .
Further , he was doing this in protest to what he felt was unfair behavior by a branch of the US government .
He wanted things to change and he wrote " Violence not only is the answer , it is the only answer . "
Thus , he 's a terrorist .
There 's no way to escape this fact .
It does n't matter whether or not you sympathize with his position .
He murdered at least one person and others may still die .
If he had , however , flown his plane into a building at Randolph Air Force Base in San Antonio , you could argue he was a guerilla fighter .
He did n't and he is n't .
Joe Stack was a suicide bomber .
A terrorist .
To argue otherwise is to make a mockery of the " War on Terror " .
1 . While most experts agree on a variant of this , they often disagree sharply on whether or not terrorism is exclusively the province of " non-state actors " .
The argument is that while a government might support terrorist groups , were they to directly engage in the same activities , it 's an act of war , not of terrorism .
Fortunately , this particular point is irrelevant to the fact that Joe Stack , not just a murderer , is also a terrorist .
I first tasted the Twice - Baked Goat Cheese Souffle more than a decade ago at Zax in San Francisco .
That restaurant died in 2002 , but the recipe endured .
Owners Barbara Mulas and Mark Drazek closed Zax in San Francisco and moved to Berkeley , where they opened , and closed , Zax Tavern .
In 2008 , they opened Sidebar in Oakland , where Drazek 's goat cheese souffle is on the menu every Wednesday .
Drazek bakes 28 and they sell out every time .
Even though I 've tasted thousands of dishes in between , the souffle remains one of my all - time favorites .
Some combinations can't be bested , no matter how many other places open and how the trends evolve .
I could say the same about the beer - battered green beans at Coco500 .
They first appeared on Loretta Keller 's menu at Bizou in 1993 and even though she came up with a new concept for the restaurant in 2005 and transformed it into Coco 500 , the beans remain .
It 's both a blessing and a curse having dishes that are so popular .
On most nights she serves at least 30 plates of these light , crispy fried beans .
" I 've had mixed feelings about them , " she confesses .
" I 've had cooks quit because they were sick of cooking it . "
For several years , she refused to serve them in January and February because she could n't find great beans , but because of customer demand they 're now on the menu at all times .
" I think it 's going to be on my tombstone , " she says with a laugh .
These are n't the only dishes I return to again and again .
The clay pot chicken with caramel sauce at Slanted Door has followed Charles Phan to three locations , and is also on the menu at his Out the Door franchise .
When I walk through the door at Betelnut , I immediately crave the chicken in lettuce cups ; same with the rich chocolate pot de creme at Slow Club .
These recipes define the restaurants and bring back the customers .
In the case of Betelnut 's minced chicken , that 's about 80 to 100 orders a night .
" We affectionately call it the Happy Meal of Betelnut , " says Alexander Ong , who took over the kitchen nine years ago .
He tried to revamp the menu , but realized that some dishes can't be changed .
" I look at myself as the keeper of the flame . "
More than a decade ago , I collected 200 of these memorable recipes for a weekly column in the Food section ; the columns were then incorporated into a book , " The Secrets of Success Cookbook , " published in 2000 by Chronicle Books .
Although the book is 10 years old , many of the dishes still resonate and , in many cases , are still on the restaurants ' menus .
These dishes , all of which are approachable for the home cook , have ingredient combinations , culinary tricks or techniques that set them apart .
I 've made the twice - baked goat cheese souffle many times through the last decade .
It 's great for a party , or restaurant service , because it 's made ahead and reheated right before serving .
So what 's the secret ?
The souffle uses cake flour rather than all - purpose .
In addition , the ramekins are lined with bread crumbs , which give the filling support when the souffle is turned out on a cookie sheet after the first baking .
The crumbs also provide a dramatic crunchy element that enhances the creamy interior .
For many years , I dropped my quest for these special recipes , but never my interest .
When I went to the Tipsy Pig last year , I marveled at the macaroni and cheese , and wondered why it was so much better than the 50 or so other versions I 've tasted through the years .
It 's just one of a whole new generation of recipes I 've uncovered that make me want to head to the stove .
The chicken in brown butter at Corso in Berkeley , the warm pecorino pudding from Bottega in Yountville , and the warm ginger cake with caramel sauce at Chow are just a few of the others .
In coming weeks , I hope to share these special recipes with you through the Chefs ' Secrets column that begins this week with the macaroni and cheese at Tipsy Pig .
-- Recipes and the Chefs ' Secrets column on L6 and L7
Bittersweet Chocolate Pot de Creme Serves 10 The Bittersweet Chocolate Pot de Creme at San Francisco's Slow Club is a misnomer .
Pot de cremes are generally baked custards and this is a stovetop pudding , but who 's quibbling with a dessert this good ?
Similar versions at other restaurants can be too sweet and one - dimensional .
Here the sugar is in perfect balance with the cream , eggs and bittersweet chocolate , resulting in complex flavor .
4 cups heavy cream
1 3/4 cups half - and - half
1/2 cup sugar
-- Pinch of kosher salt
18 large egg yolks
12 ounces finely chopped bittersweet chocolate , preferably Callebaut
1 teaspoon vanilla
-- Lightly sweetened whipped cream , for serving ( optional ) Instructions : Combine the cream , half - and - half , 1/ 4 cup sugar and the salt in a large saucepan .
Bring to a simmer .
Combine the egg yolks and remaining 1/ 4 cup sugar in a mixing bowl and whisk until blended .
Pour a few tablespoons of the hot cream mixture into the egg yolks to help temper them , then pour the yolk mixture into the hot cream mixture .
Stir over medium heat until the pudding thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon , about 10 minutes .
Place the chocolate in a large bowl .
Pour the hot pudding over it .
Add the vanilla and whisk until the chocolate melts and the mixture is blended .
Strain the mixture through a sieve .
Divide evenly between 10 5 - ounce ramekins .
Refrigerate until fully chilled , at least 2 hours .
Serve with lightly sweetened whipped cream , if desired .
The secret :
The large number of egg yolks gives this pudding a unique richness .
Per serving : 718 calories , 11 g protein , 35 g carbohydrate , 60 g fat ( 35 g saturated ) , 536 mg cholesterol , 85 mg sodium , 2 g fiber .
Chicken in Caramel Sauce Serves 4 to 6
The inspiration for this dish that Charles Phan serves at his Slanted Door restaurant in San Francisco came from a street cart in Vietnam .
It 's a good example of the great food that is served from street stands throughout that country .
1/2 cup dark brown sugar
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup Asian fish sauce ( see Note )
3 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 teaspoon dark or regular soy sauce
1 teaspoon slivered ginger
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 small Thai chiles ( fresh or dried ) , broken in half
1tablespoon canola oil
1 shallot , sliced
1 3/4 pounds skinless , boneless dark - meat chicken , cut into bite - size pieces
1/4 pound skinless , boneless white - meat chicken , cut into bite - size pieces
Steamed white rice
Cilantro sprigs for garnish Instructions : Combine the brown sugar , water , fish sauce , vinegar , garlic , soy sauce , ginger , pepper and chiles in a small bowl .
Mix well , and set aside .
Heat the oil in a large pot over high heat .
Add the shallot and saute until brown , about 3 to 5 minutes .
Add the chicken and saute until it is slightly browned , about 5 minutes .
Add the sauce mixture and bring to a boil .
Reduce the heat to medium and cook , stirring occasionally , until the sauce has reduced by half , about 12 to 20 minutes depending on the pot size .
Serve over rice and garnish with cilantro .
Note : Fish sauce is available in Asian markets and upscale supermarkets .
Per serving : 400 calories , 41 g protein , 22 g carbohydrate , 15 g fat ( 4 g saturated ) , 131 mg cholesterol , 903 mg sodium , 0 fiber
The secrets :
The interplay between the fish sauce and brown sugar creates a complex flavor .
The combination of white and dark meat gives interesting texture to the dish .
Wine pairing :
Try something slightly offdry with pear and honeysuckle aromas and flavors , such as the 2008 Columbia Winery Cellarmaster 's Columbia Valley Riesling ( $ 12 ) .
Twice - Baked Goat Cheese Souffle Serves 8 Mark Drazek 's souffle , originally served at the now - closed Zax in San Francisco and now at Sidebar in Oakland , is baked in individual ramekins , then cooled and baked again right before serving , making it a great choice for entertaining .
Its delicate texture and subtle goat cheese flavor make it great alone or surrounded by lightly dressed greens such as arugula .
It also shines with baby spinach dressed with an apple cider vinaigrette , apples , celery and fennel .
3 tablespoons butter + extra for coating ramekins
1 cup dry breadcrumbs
3 tablespoons cake flour
1 cup milk
10 ounces soft goat cheese
3 large egg yolks
-- Kosher salt and pepper to taste
1 cup egg whites ( about 7 large ) Instructions : Position the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 425° .
Butter eight 5 - ounce ramekins , making sure to coat them well .
Coat each ramekin with breadcrumbs then turn them over and tap out the excess .
Reserve any remaining breadcrumbs .
Melt the 3 tablespoons butter in a stainless - steel skillet over medium - high heat .
Whisk in the flour and cook for 20 seconds , whisking constantly .
Whisk in the milk and cook for about 1 minute , whisking constantly , until the mixture has thickened to the consistency of a thin , pourable pudding .
Crumble 8 ounces of the cheese into a large mixing bowl .
Pour the hot milk mixture over the goat cheese and mix well .
Add the egg yolks and mix again .
Season with salt and pepper .
Using an electric mixer with clean , dry beaters , beat the egg whites in a large clean , dry bowl until stiff peaks form .
Fold half of the whites into the cheese mixture to lighten it , then gently fold in the remaining whites .
Divide half of the souffle mixture among the prepared ramekins .
Crumble the remaining 2 ounces of goat cheese and divide among the ramekins , then top with the remaining half of the souffle mixture , dividing it equally among the ramekins .
Sprinkle the remaining breadcrumbs over the top .
Place the ramekins in a large baking pan and pour in boiling water to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins .
Bake for about 25 minutes , or until the souffles are golden .
Remove from the oven and let stand , still in their water bath , for 15 minutes .
Using a towel to hold the ramekins , run a knife around the inside rim to loosen .
Turn out the souffles onto a baking sheet .
The souffles may be held at room temperature for up to 6 hours before the final baking , or cover well and refrigerate overnight .
When ready to serve , bake the souffles in a 425° oven for 5 - 7 minutes , or until light brown .
Per serving : 250 calories , 13 g protein , 14 g carbohydrate , 16 g fat ( 9 g saturated ) , 112 mg cholesterol , 320 mg sodium , 0 fiber .
The secrets :
Using cake flour gives the souffle its airy , refined texture .
The bread crumbs help give the souffles enough structure to maintain their shape after being turned out .
Wine pairing : Serve a tart wine like Sauvignon Blanc , which will stand up to the tangy goat cheese .
Minced Chicken in Lettuce Cups Serves 4
If you really want to splurge , replace one - fifth of the chicken with squab .
1 head iceberg lettuce
1/4 cup dried black mushrooms
1/2 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs , finely minced
1 tablespoon light soy sauce
1 egg white
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon finely minced fresh ginger
1/2 cup finely minced water chestnuts
2 tablespoons finely minced Chinese sausage ( see Note )
1 tablespoon oyster sauce
2 scallions , finely chopped
-- Pinch of ground white pepper
-- Asian sesame oil , to taste
1 tablespoon pine nuts , toasted
-- Plum sauce , for serving Instructions : Remove the core from the lettuce and gently separate the leaves .
Use a knife or scissors to cut the leaves into cup shapes .
Refrigerate until well chilled .
Place the mushrooms in a small bowl .
Add enough hot water to cover .
Let soak until soft , about 1 hour .
Drain , reserving the mushroom - soaking liquid .
Cut off and discard the mushroom stems .
Finely chop the caps .
Combine the chicken , soy sauce , egg white and cornstarch in a large bowl .
Heat the vegetable oil in a wok or skillet over high heat .
Add the chicken mixture and ginger and cook until the chicken loses its translucency , about 3 minutes .
Add the rehydrated mushrooms , water chestnuts and sausage .
Reduce heat to low .
Stir in the oyster sauce , scallions and white pepper .
If the mixture seems too dry , add enough of the reserved mushroom - soaking liquid to moisten .
Remove from the heat , and drizzle with sesame oil .
Spoon the mixture onto a platter .
Sprinkle with pine nuts .
Serve with the chilled lettuce cups and small bowls of plum sauce .
To eat : Each diner takes a lettuce cup , adds a dab of plum sauce , spoons in some of the filling , then eats the delicacy like a taco .
Note : Chinese sausage ( lop chong ) is available at Asian markets .
Per serving : 175 calories , 16 g protein , 10 g carbohydrate , 8 g fat ( 1 g saturated ) , 53 mg cholesterol , 430 mg sodium , 3 g fiber .
The secrets :
Adding the egg white to the chicken before stir - frying gives it a moist , velvety coating .
Making sure the lettuce is well - chilled enhances the contrast with the hot chicken .
Wine pairing : Depending on the amount of plum sauce used , a rosé like the 2008 Toad Hollow Carneros Dry Pinot Rose .
Need to nail some storage ?
Seagate is bringing the HAMR !
Rahman is a composer with a staggering range
Indian composer AR Rahman has won two Grammy Awards at the prestigious US music ceremony in Los Angeles .
Rahman received awards for best film song and best soundtrack , both compositions for the Oscar - winning film Slumdog Millionaire .
Rahman won two Oscars , a Bafta and a Golden Globe last year for his soundtrack to the multi award - winning Slumdog Millionaire .
The composer is often called the Mozart of Madras , the city where he works .
Rahman won in the best compilation soundtrack for a motion picture .
His Jai
Ho song in the film also won in the best motion picture song .
" This is insane , god is great again , " Rahman said as he accepted his award .
He later told the BBC it felt " so good , because the Grammies are meant to be the greatest music awards " .
Rahman beat such rivals as Quentin Tarantino for Inglourious Basterds and rock star Bruce Springsteen in the soundtrack and best song categories respectively .
Last month , Rahman was shortlisted for an Oscar nomination for his Tamil song NaNa from the Hollywood film , Couples Retreat .
The song is vying with 62 others for the nominations which will be revealed on 2 February .
The Grammy awards are further recognition of Rahman 's enormous talents , says the BBC's Soutik Biswas in Delhi .
The 44 - year - old composer is a musician with a staggering range - from raga to reggae to hip hop to Indian folk to jungle rhythms to western classical , our correspondent says .
Seventeen years after he began writing music and songs for films , the jingle maker - turned - musician finally got recognition as India 's first truly global film music composer with his score for Danny Boyle 's sleeper hit Slumdog Millionaire in 2009 .
Sitar maestro Ravi Shankar , guitarist Vishwa Mohan Bhatt and tabla player Zakir Hussain are the other Indian musicians who have won Grammy Awards .
Pulled muscles and twisted ankles are the downside of sports and exercise .
Sometimes it ’s hard to know whether to rest an injury , see a doctor or even push on through the pain .
If you are starting a new activity , do n’t be put off by some aches and stiffness during the first couple of days .
“ There ’s [… ]
As others said , you can go to the Rosetta Stone website and do a demo there , and also get a free CD sent to you , as a sample , so you can try it before you buy it .
You may also be able to get it via your library , so I 'd have you search for the program there first , and only buy it if you can't get it there .
In addition if you do buy , I suggest you only buy one language at first , and see how it goes .
If it goes well , you buy the other .
If not , you 're only out the cost of the one language .
That said , I 've tried Rosetta , as well as Pimsleur , and classes .
Of those , my recommendation would be to combine a class with either Rosetta or Pimsleur .
You only learn so much vocabulary off Pimsleur or Rosetta , and you really need a class to bring your skills up to the next level .
With something like Rosetta , you really only learn the language at a very , very basic level - no where near true speaking ability .
But it can be a good place to start , and it would be a wonderful addition to an actual class , if they were to also take a class .
With that said , if a class is not available to you , and you are choosing between Pimsleur and Rosetta for two boys , I think Rosetta might work better for them ... while Pimsleur would work better for you .
I believe Rosetta would work better for them because it 's fully interactive - there are pictures , sounds , the kids speak , they can record themselves speaking , etc .
It should keep them interested .
Pimlseur is audio-only , which for two boys , probably wo n't hold their attention .
I think Rosetta would be the better option .
The problem I have with Rosetta is that it really just teaches you words without much context , and what context there is is n't particularly relevent to the situation you'd be in if you went to Germany tomorrow .
For example , if you want to string the words you know together in a sentence and speak to someone , you wo n't really get that from Rosetta , unless you want to ask them " Where is the book ?
Where is the pen ?
It 's in the library .
: LOL :.)
But you will get real world context from Pimsleur ( Do you speak English ?
I only speak a little German .
I 'm sorry , but where is the toilet , etc. )
But Pimsleur does n't teach as many words as you 'll get from Rosetta .
What I mean is that , with Rosetta , you 'll get all the basics re : what you yourself may remember from language classes .
" Where is the book ?
It 's under the shed . " etc. Pimsleur , however , does an amazing job of teaching useful language ; what I 'd call " tourist German " - you 'd finish the CDs not only being able to ask and answer all the basic questions , but you 'd have amazingly good pronunciation ( another strength of Pimsleur ) .
One of the nice things that Rosetta does is that there are no actual translations .
You see a picture , hear and see the text of the German word , and it clicks in your head .
As an aside , though , one of the problems I had with it was that sometimes , I could n't tell what the pictures were supposed to * be * .
I mean , I grew up in Boston ; how was I supposed to know if the picture of this animal they showed was a cow , a steer , cattle , a bull , or something else ?
:LOL :
So for you , an adult ?
Pimsleur .
But for your boys ?
Rosetta .
If this was a real virus I would actively send it to everyone I know .
h/t Daily Kos
He would be wonderful in the Republican Party , he aligns with their platform .
Now he want to bring this crap to NY ?
PLEASE .
New Yorkers just say NO to Harold Ford , Jr. Remember he is Ann Coulter 's favorite Democrat !!!
Home Page
Oklahoma City police arrested a Midwest City man early New Year 's Day after his ex-girlfriend said he kicked in her door , fought with her current boyfriend and used his rear end to smash her television set .
Chad Anthony Logan , 25 , was booked into Oklahoma County jail Friday on a burglary complaint , according to a police report .
He was later released .
His bail information was not immediately available .
Logan 's ex-girlfriend called 911 about 3:20 a.m. Friday and said Logan , with whom she has a daughter , broke into her apartment in the 700 block of Anaheim Court and started a fight , according to a police report .
The woman told police Logan jumped into her 72 - inch high - definition television , using his rear end to shatter the screen , the report states .
Logan then ran outside the apartment .
He was banging on the front door when police arrested him .
He was not seriously injured , police said .
Far -Right Rhetoric Germany 's Very Own Minaret Debate Turns Nasty
A small Muslim community in a western German town would like to build a minaret on its mosque .
But the plan has triggered passionate opposition from locals , many of whom rely on rhetoric from the extreme right in railing against the " symbol of Islam 's quest for power . "
If they had an Oscar for " Best Complaint From a Movie Patron That Blew Up Into an Internet Phenomenon , " this would be a contender .
An unpleasant night at the movies has snowballed from an e-mail complaint , to a profanity - laced response from the movie theater company 's vice president , and now to feuding Facebook pages that have drawn more than 3,300 people in just a matter of days .
It started when Sarah Kohl - Leaf of Taylors Falls , Minn. , her husband and another couple headed to Saturday 's 9:40 p.m. showing of " Shutter Island " at the St. Croix Falls Cinema 8 in St. Croix Falls , Wis .
The first problem , she said , was that the theater did n't accept debit or credit cards .
They had brought cash for popcorn and sodas , but not enough to buy tickets .
The lobby 's ATM was out of cash , so their friends covered them by writing a check .
That was just the beginning .
" I would say within the first five or 10 minutes , a woman came into the theater and announced that eight people were in there who were n't supposed to be in there , " she said .
For about 20 minutes , she said , staff members flashed their lights , checking ticket stubs and being a distraction .
" Once I got back into the movie , it was great , " Kohl - Leaf said , but the first part of the night out had been marred .
Once home , she decided to e-mail the theater management to complain .
Her note went to Evergreen Entertainment LLC of New Brighton , owners of St. Croix Falls Cinema 8 and five movie complexes in Minnesota .
" I did not pay 18.00 to have a distracted experience , " she wrote . " ... I would rather drive to White Bear Lake , where they obviously know how to run a theater than have this experience again . "
The e-mailed response that greeted her the next morning left her stunned .
A few weeks ago , we received an intriguing invitation in the tips inbox .
Ann Taylor wanted us to come inspect their summer Loft collection — and they were willing to pay us to do it .
Advertisement
" Come take a sneak peak at LOFT 's summer 2010 collection before anyone else ! " the note raved .
" Bloggers who attend will receive a special gift , and those who post coverage from the event will be entered in a mystery gift card drawing where you can win up to $ 500 at LOFT ! "
The fine print explained an unusual catch : the bloggers who went to the event would have to send their posts back to Loft 's publicist within 24 hours — and then she would reveal what value of gift card they had won .
The minimum card value was $ 50 .
Advertisement
We did not attend .
Thirty - one bloggers did ; the company president says each took a gift card .
We made a mental note to keep an eye out for coverage of the event .
And aside from the Los Angeles Times blog calling attention to the attempted bribery , that coverage has been overwhelmingly positive .
And almost none of the bloggers who typed write - ups and posted grainy cell - phone photos disclosed their financial relationship — or lack thereof , if in fact anyone turned down the cards — with Ann Taylor .
A gift card might not be the most liquid form of currency , but it certainly has monetary value — and $ 500 is no small sum .
And under recently revised Federal Trade Commission regulations , any online writer who fails to mention the receipt of freebies that might have swayed his or her coverage of a product is liable for fines of up to $ 11,000 .
( Now if only we could have such a regulation governing the print media . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" We do n't incentivize the press , " protests Loft 's president , Gary Muto .
" We would never do that . "
" They could write whatever they want .
Obviously , there 's freedom of speech . "
I 'm sure as much will be obvious from this sampling of coverage of the collection and its three monthly deliveries :
" Very chic and wearable ... I so love what LOFT is doing with their brand .
The collection looks really fresh and modern while still managing to keep the ' relaxed ' attitude that has always been the essence of the line . "
— Saucyglossie.com
" Thanks to an exclusive blogger preview of LOFT 's ( formerly known as Ann Taylor LOFT Tracy Hopkins of Splendicity.com
" A collection that makes us wish we could press fast forward and magically appear on a St. Thomas beach in their ' Sailing Ferns Maxi Dress ' ( $ 98 ) .
Or at a see and be seen Brooklyn outdoors brunch spot in their ' Zebra Print Pencil Skirt ' ( $ 69.50 ) and ' Knotted Hobo Bag ' ( $ 148 ) .
The LOFT Summer 2010 collection is targeting the young jet setter with an exhilarating mix of prints and luxe accessories .
The brand even boasts an industrious team of trendsetters anchored by a Fashion Director who wore a sporty cropped trench over a dress with the sailing ferns signature print .
The LOFT has your Summer 2010 must - haves down to a sartorial science . " — Geneva S. Thomas of Clutchmagonline.com
" An oceanic pillage seemed evident when viewing the brightly colored coral and floral shaped accessories .
Surfacing to another delivery the colors grew a little softer with airy ruffles and lighter fabrics .
The last delivery favored a safari expedition ; full of fiery reds and tangerines paired with earth tone shorts and jackets , with a touch of animal print .
I adored how gallantly color and print were used , allowing a touch of graceful eccentricity . "
— Filecellia Sampson of Johnsimondaily.com
" The collection contained everything a woman would need for the weekend or a vacation ... Stop by your local Loft anytime starting in May to see the entire collection .
You wo n't be disappointed . " — Zia of Mylifeonandofftheguestlist.blogspot.com
The Budget Fashionista posted 20 photos
" I hate cold weather and always look forward to warmer climes .
But this year , I have an added urgency since I can't wait to don the adorable pieces from the upcoming Ann Taylor Loft 2010 spring / summer season !
Last Wednesday , we were treated to a preview party featuring all their lovely dresses , tops , skirts , and accessories .
Held in the beautiful Industria Superstudio with tons and tons of yummy hor d'ouerves [ sic ] and free flowing wine and champagne topped with a gift bag with a look book and a cute necklace : this was a preview done right ! " — Thatgirlattheparty.com
Advertisement
A real free - flowing range of opinion , that .
Of these bloggers , only two — Hopkins and My Life On And Off The Guest List 's Zia — mentioned the gift cards .
UPDATE : Courtney Henley - Anderson , the publisher of That Girl At The Party says that she was unaware of the gift card drawing as she was not officially invited to the event , adding ,
" I was invited by a colleague to the 5 to 9 pm Fashion preview , not the blogger event described in this article .
As such , I was never sent the invite with the 24 - hour posting incentive .
Nor was I given a gift card since I was not aware of the offer .
My post about the event went up on Monday , February 1st , a full five days after the event took place and four days after the gift card reimbursement described here .
In addition , in keeping with the FTC rules , I duly state when I am given a product and review it . "
Advertisement
We 've noticed when other sites have failed to mention , oh yeah , that the Fabulous New Product You Just Have To Try ! was given to them for free at a schoozy event .
Just like we 've drawn attention to the fact that magazines stock their pages with editorial payola ; the fashion print media are so beholden to their advertisers that it's not unusual for luxury brands to dictate how the clothes they lend magazines can be styled and shot for editorials , and what their paid ads must be adjacent to in the book .
Perhaps some editors and bloggers are too excited by the opportunities for graft to notice that it 's precisely this kind of constriction of editorial judgment that atrophies creativity , and which is turning the fashion media — women 's media — into a lowest - common - denominator whirl of focus - grouped , product - placed bullshit .
The Internet was supposed to be different .
Advertisement
Loft Gift Cards For Bloggers Stir Buzz [ WWD ]
Crossing The Line ? Loft Barters Gift Cards For Blog Coverage [ LATimes ]
Venetia Scott : " I Find Magazines Less And Less Interesting " [ Fashionologie ]
The Public Domain , as we understand it , is the wealth of information that is free from the barriers to access or reuse usually associated with copyright protection , either because it is free from any copyright protection or because the right holders have decided to remove these barriers .
It is the raw material from which new knowledge is derived and new cultural works are created .
The Public Domain is the rule , copyright protection is the exception .
The Public Domain Manifesto aims at reminding citizens and policy - makers of a common wealth that , since it belongs to all , it is often defended by no - one .
In a time where we for the first time in history have the tools to enable direct access to most of our shared culture and knowledge it is important that policy makers and citizens strengthen the legal concept that enables free and unrestricted access and reuse .
Taken together , the public domain , the voluntary sharing of works and exceptions and limitations to copyright , fair use and fair dealing go a long way to ensure that everyone has access to our shared culture and knowledge in order to facilitate innovation and cultural participation for the benefit of the entire society .
It is therefore important that the Public Domain is actively maintained so that it can continue to fulfill this key role in this period of rapid technological and social change .
We invite you to read the Manifesto and sign it , if you wish to show your support .
We also invite you to share this website with your contacts and friends .
Extracting a 3DES key from an IBM 4758 Part 1 : What is an IBM 4758 ?
Photo of IBM 4758 Cryptographic Coprocessor ( courtesy of Steve Weingart )
The IBM 4758 is a commercially available cryptoprocessor .
It was the first such device to have been successfully evaluated to the highest level of tamper resistance , the US Government standard called FIPS 140 - 1 level 41 .
It is also of interest because there is a great deal of publicly available documentation regarding its design evolution2 , protection mechanisms3,4 and the transaction set it supports .
5
To understand the substantial physical security provided by the IBM 4758 , a history lesson is necessary ... ( a longer version of this account appears in Chapter 14 of Ross Anderson 's book6 )
The arrival of multi-user operating systems in the 1960s showed that it was extremely difficult to process sensitive data on a computer and protect it from other programs running on the same computer .
The operating systems were meant to provide protection , but in practice there were bugs and design limitations that meant that cryptographic keys and personal identification numbers ( PINs ) were always at risk .
This led to the development of standalone " security modules " such as the IBM 3848 and the VISA security module .
These were basically just microprocessors in robust metal enclosures .
When you opened the lid the power supply was disabled and they " forgot " their sensitive information .
The obvious attack is to drill through the lid ; so devices acquired photocells and tilt devices .
Later , it was realised that substantial protection could be acquired by " potting " the device in a block of epoxy resin .
The idea was that the device would be " tamper evident " in that the epoxy would be damaged -- and since the device was in a secure location , someone might notice you drilling into it .
However , if you could get a few minutes alone with the device , it turned out to be possible to scrape away the epoxy with a knife and drop a logic analyser probe onto the microprocessor bus .
Cryptographic algorithms like RSA and DES have the unfortunate property that monitoring a single bitplane during the computation allows access to the key7 .
So anyone looking like a maintenance engineer who can get a logic analyser near the device has a reasonable chance of obtaining secret key material .
The response to this threat was the development of tamper - sensing barriers .
On the IBM µABYSS system3 this was 40 gauge nichrome wire wound around the device before it was embedded in the epoxy .
If you mount a physical attack on the epoxy then you break the wire and the keys are erased .
In the IBM 4758 this type of protection has been significantly enhanced .
It has four overlapping zig - zag conducting patterns doped into a urethane sheet which in turn is potted in a chemically similar substance .
An attacker has difficulty detecting the conductive path and attempts to remove the potting material are very likely to damage it .
Other types of attack relate to memory remanence .
If keys are stored in the same place in RAM forever then those locations will " remember " the values even when the power is removed .
Devices attempt to avoid this 8 by techniques such as constant movement of values from place to place , rather as a screen saver avoids " burning " patterns onto a VDU screen .
If you can get the memory very cold ( below - 20 degrees C ) then it will maintain its contents for many minutes9 -- long enough for a physical attack to get through the outer protective layers .
The 4758 detects changes of temperature and erases the key material if it starts getting chilly .
Similar issues arise if you bombard the memory chips with X- rays .
So the 4758 has a radiation sensor as well .
Computers also leak electromagnetic signals , or consume different amounts of power depending upon what they are doing .
So called " Tempest " or " power analysis " looks for these signals and deduces what calculations the processor is performing .
The 4758 has solid aluminium shielding and a low - pass filter on the power supply to minimise this type of radiation .
So all in all , the IBM 4758 is a pretty secure device from a physical point of view .
There 's no known attack upon it .
Next part :
What is an FPGA ?
Links 1 National Institute of Standards and Technology , " Security Requirements for Cryptographic Modules " ( 11 Jan 1994 ) .
http://www.itl.nist.gov/fipspubs/0-toc.htm#cs
2 S W Smith , S H Weingart , " Building a High - Performance , Programmable Secure Coprocessor " , Computer Networks ( Special Issue on Computer Network Security ) 31 : pp 831-860 . ( April 1999 )
http://www.cs.dartmouth.edu/~sws/papers/cn99.pdf
3 S H Weingart , " Physical Security for the µ ABYSS System " , in Proceedings of the 1987 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy , IEEE Computer Society Press , pp 52 - 58 .
4 S H Weingart , S R White , W C Arnold , G P Double " An Evaluation System for the Physical Security of Computing Systems " , in Sixth Annual Computer Security Applications Conference ( Dec 3 - 7 , 1990 ) Tucson Az. Proceedings published by the IEEE ( 1990 ) , pp 232-243. 5 IBM PCI Cryptographic Coprocessor Library http://www-3.ibm.com/security/cryptocards/html/library.shtml
6 R Anderson , " Security Engineering .
A Guide to Building Dependable Distributed Systems . "
Wiley 2001 .
http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~rja14/book.html
7 H Handschuh , P Paillier , J Stern " Probing Attacks on Tamper - Resistant Devices " in " Cryptographic Hardware and Embedded Systems -- CHES 99 " Springer LNCS 1717 , pp 303-315 .
http://www.di.ens.fr/~stern/data/St78.pdf
8 Department of Defense , " A Guide to Understanding Data Remanence in Automated Information Systems " , NCSC - TG - 025 ( 1991 ) .
[ usually known as ' The Forest Green Book ' ]
9 Sergei Skorobogatov , " Low Temperature Data Remanence in Static RAM " http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~sps32/sram_article.pdf
Back to main page last modified 11 NOV 2001 -- http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~rnc1/descrack/ibm4758.html
© 2009 - 2020 The Art of Charm , Inc .
All rights reserved .
“ AOC , ” “ The Art of Charm ” and “ Art of Charm School ” are registered trademarks of The Art of Charm , Inc .
Jordan Harbinger is no longer affiliated with Art of Charm , Inc . Use of Jordan Harbinger ’s name , image , likeness , and appearance is made with his consent and under license .
And the winner of the 2010 CPAC straw poll is ... Ron Paul ?
Yep .
The libertarian - leading congressman from Texas bested all - comers today with an impressive victory at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) in Washington , DC .
Attendees of CPAC , or as Chris Matthews once called it a " Star Trek convention , " cast their ballots on the third and final day of the conference and Paul was the clear winner with 31 percent of the vote .
Romney / Spock 2012
Mitt Romney was unable to keep a " Vulcan grip " on his three - year reign as CPAC 's top vote getter netting 22 percent of the ballots for a solid second place finish .
Perhaps rap - loving Republicans were sending a message to Romney that they disapproved of his problem solving skills on that airplane the other night .
Then again , as Talking Points Memo blogger Evan McMorris - Santoro points outs , there are no rap - loving Republicans .
Palin wins the bronze
Sarah Palin , who enjoys a new kinship with Joy Behar , grabbed the CPAC bronze medal with seven percent .
Was Palin crushed by the third place finish ?
She seemed more concerned with another race .
" Family is getting ready for Todd 's IronDog race tomorrow , " Palin tweeted .
" I 'm watching @GlennBeck on TV now giving #CPAC speech , while racers are in garage . "
Quickly discounted
Despite Paul 's significant victory , boos rang out from the convention hall when the poll results were announced .
And many in the blogosphere quickly discounted the results .
" We can thank Ron Paul for showing just how worthless straw polls are , " wrote RedState blogger Erick Erickson .
" There ’s never been a poll Ron Paul could n’t win , unless you count a presidential primary race , " adds the guys over at Little Green Footballs .
Not so fast
Hang on , writes the National Review 's Robert Costa .
Paul knew what he was doing .
There may have been some boos , but Paul was by far one of the more popular speakers at CPAC this year , " Costa writes .
" While Paul mingled with his acolytes , the big guns — Pawlenty , Romney — were often shrouded by aides or mingling backstage , " he adds .
" Believe me : CPAC folks noticed .
And now , thanks to the straw poll , for a moment , Paul ’s opening line from his address is true :
His ' revolution is alive and well , ' at least this weekend . "
Disclaimer :
This does n't count
In case you thought that today 's event meant that Paul had actually won the presidency , FOX News offered this helpful reminder : " The straw poll is not binding . "
And Ben Smith over at Politico notes that the attendees of the conference do n't really sync up with the rest of the country .
" Not only did Obama 's approval rating stand at 2 % , but Congressional Republicans stand at a full 62 % approval rating , " he writes .
That makes you wonder how those two percent got in there .
World record
By the way , the nearly 2,400 people who voted represents an all - time high for the conference .
Republican pollster Tony Fabrizio said the number is about 40 % higher than last year .
Here 's the final tally .
Ron Paul 31 %
Mitt Romney 22 %
Sarah Palin 7 %
Tim Pawlenty 6 %
Mike Pence 5 %
Newt Gingrich 4 %
Mike Huckabee 4 %
Mitch Daniels 2 %
John Thune 2 %
Rick Santorum 2 %
Haley Barbour 1 %
--------------
Hey , you 're always number one in our straw poll .
So follow us on Twitter !
Peg +
Cat
What would it be like to wake up and find yourself in the middle of a math word problem ?
That 's what life is like for Peg and Cat , the heroes of this animated math - based adventure series and web site for 3 - 5 year olds , on PBS KIDS .
With much bloodshed and ruthless , duplicitous behavior , the indigenous population of the US was driven from its homelands , and confined to reservations .
( Except for the tribes , like the Mandans on the Plains , that died off completely . )
Tactics included wanton slaughter of the buffalo to deprive the natives of their means of material survival , thus forcing them into submission and opening up their territories for white settlers .
Public debate back in the 1800s centered on questions like whether or not the Indians were human possessing souls , and whether the nations first peoples should be " civilized " or simply killed off by genocide .
Private Allotments
The latter option was only partially accomplished ( via bounties for Indian scalps , and other atrocities ) , and the former eventually became policy .
In the 1880s , the Dawes Act was passed , dividing much reservation land into individually owned allotments , meant to be developed as family farms .
In short order , most Indian land ended up in non-Indian ownership .
This is not so surprising , if one considers that the Indians had non-written languages , and concepts like foreclosure and executed contracts and arguing cases before judges in courtrooms were utterly and completely alien to them .
The very concept of individuals owning a piece of ground was n't how they 'd ever thought about their relationship to Mother Earth .
Of course , this is grossly oversimplified , since there are a wide array of cultures amongst the hundreds of different tribes once native within the present U.S. boundaries .
But it applies pretty well to the nomadic Plains tribes with reservations on the High Plains .
In time , the ability to transfer title of Indian land to non-Indian owners was curtailed .
( Except when the Congress declares an emergency - like in World War II , when large tracts of Lakota and Washington state 's Nisqually lands got annexed to military facilities , never to be returned .
But I digress . )
Legally , to this day , the federal government has a trust responsibility towards the tribes .
Tribes exist , legally , as dependent sovereign entities , with all the ambiguity and confusion that oxymoronic phrase suggests .
There are treaty obligations the U.S. government owes the tribes , in exchange for giving up most of the country .
For laying down their arms , and not contesting ( i.e. killing ) settlers taking over most all of what was once theirs .
Those obligations include health care , education and various general welfare items such as roads .
Too often , uninformed people tend to think of those obligations as some kind of welfare .
I think of it is as if there were an " interest - only " mortgage on the entire country , and the U.S. owes , in perpetuity , to make good on the deal .
The Cobell Case
There 's another frequently overlooked angle on the impoverished state of the reservations .
The federal government , via the Bureau of Indian affairs ( long since transferred from War to Interior Dept. ) , acts as a trustee for both the tribes and the owners of the individual land allotments .
Remembering that the allotments were first carved up back in the 1800s , and that the owners typically died without written wills or even file change of title ( much less have a survey done ) when a piece of land was sold or given away , keeping track of the ownership of these tracts is a non-trivial problem .
The feds , as trustees , have leased out lands for various purposes over the decades - purposes such as logging , mining , grazing , farming ( where non-Indians could get soil bank payments for not planting crops , but Indians could not ) and oil and gas drilling .
As trustees , the Bureau of Indian Affairs ( BIA ) was supposed to account for those payments , and disburse them to the land owners .
The records were bad , and back in the 1990s , a Blackfeet woman from Montana called Eloise Cobell , a banker , started getting serious about getting those records accounted for , and proper payments made to landowners for said leases .
Let me restate the problem :
For well over a century , the US government had been taking in lease payments , but could n't account for something in excess of $ 100 billion dollars dating back to the 1880s .
A trustee in any other context would have had their ass tossed in jail long since for such sloppy work .
To be clear , payments were made over , but there were n't records to account for it all .
And so was born the Cobell class action lawsuit , filed in 1996 :
On June 10 , 1996 , Indian plaintiffs including Elouise P. Cobell , Mildred Cleghorn , Thomas Maulson and James Louis Larose , filed a class action lawsuit against the federal government for its failure to properly manage Indian trust assets on behalf of all present and past individual Indian trust beneficiaries , including over 300,000 current Individual Indian Money ( IIM ) account holders .
The assets at issue are the monies that belong to the individual Indians .
The named defendants are the Secretaries of the Interior and Treasury and the Assistant Secretary - Indian Affairs
The case moved along slowly under a Reagan - appointed federal judge , until the Bush - Cheney years .
Gale Norton and her minions got declared in contempt of court by Judge Lambeth , who had strong language about their lack of good faith action in the matter .
So strong that the Bush Justice Department successfully moved to have him removed , nearly a decade into the case .
John McCain , Chairman of the Indian Affairs Committee while the Republicans were in the majority in the Senate insisted that $ 25 million was too large a sum to settle on the case .
So it went nowhere .
On June 10 , 1996 , Indian plaintiffs including Elouise P. Cobell , Mildred Cleghorn , Thomas Maulson and James Louis Larose , filed a class action lawsuit against the federal government for its failure to properly manage Indian trust assets on behalf of all present and past individual Indian trust beneficiaries , including over 300,000 current Individual Indian Money ( IIM ) account holders .
The assets at issue are the monies that belong to the individual Indians .
The named defendants are the Secretaries of the Interior and Treasury and the Assistant Secretary - Indian Affairs .
...
also in 2008 , the District Court granted equitable restitution to the plaintiff class based on the unproven shortfall of the trust ’s actual value as compared with its statistically likely value .
It stressed that breaching the duty to account did not generate the government ’s financial liability .
Rather , it said the government ’s failure properly to allocate and pay trust funds to beneficiaries gave rise to restitution or disgorgement of the very money that had been withheld .
The plaintiff class was awarded $ 455,600,000 ( although this figure did not include interest ) .
A settlement was announced two months ago on December 8 , 2009 - a specific case where the Democrats are different from ( and better than ) the Republicans :
Yes .
The federal government has agreed to create a $ 1.412 billion Accounting / Trust Administration Fund and $ 2 billion Trust Land Consolidation Fund .
The Settlement also creates a federal Indian Education Scholarship fund of up to $ 60 million to improve access to higher education for Indian youth .
Needless to say , it 's too soon for this all to have been implemented , but it 's a step in the right direction .
And , too , remember that none of this is welfare or charity .
It 's what 's due - long past due .
The Current Situation
What I 've written above is n't immediately germane to the acute crisis currently unfolding on the reservations .
That 's the consequence of other kinds of neglect and malfeasance than just that covered in the Cobell suit , which litigation only covers accounting for leases of individually - owned land allotments .
Basic welfare issues on the Reservations are the responsibility of the federal government .
State jurisdiction is limited , and rightly so , owing to disputes like those of salmon fishing rights of Coast Salish tribes in western Washington .
As it happens , I was in the courtroom when the 1974 Boldt decision was delivered , and the wiki description comports with my own understanding of the case :
The decision was the culmination of years of State of Washington limitation of treaty fishing by the Tribes , resulting in the United States suing the State of Washington to force the state to comply with the treaties .
It was immediately met with shock and outrage by non-Native fishermen , but the ruling has held for more than 30 years .
The Boldt decision also upheld that U.S. federal treaties signed with the Native Americans continue to be in effect as are all International Treaties agreed to with the U.S. government .
So , the donations are good , as a humanitarian effort to rescue people in trouble in an emergency situation .
Navajo's diary from yesterday is full of contact information and links for donations , such as :
Thanks to Kossack Keith Olbermann , 3 major charities benefiting the South Dakota reservations will get some huge donations now .
Today , I want to call your attention to a faster and more direct way you can help .
The LIHEAP ( Low Income Home Energy Home Assistance ) programs ran out of winter funding in early December .
Here 's the hard part ; you will need to write a check because of no online presence for any tribe .
But Keith got it right in the bolded words below :
Transcript courtesy of Kimberley : " And now tonight 's first Quick Comment , and you overwhelm me -- as usual .
" Last night , continuing our coverage of the humanitarian crisis on the ice storm and blizzard ravaged reservations of South Dakota , I mentioned a Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe Storm Relief emergency assistance fund , and we linked to it .
They were hoping , by the end of the month , to have raised $ 35,000 .
In 24 hours , you donated approximately $ 185,000 .
They thank you and I thank you .
" If anybody wants to go further , the chairman of the tribe tells us the consciousness of politicians is as important as donations right now .
FEMA has yet to declare the region a disaster area , and there 's something else that could kill about 40 birds with one stone there :
They 've patched much of the water and power infrastructure back together but they really need an overhaul and something in the jobs bill , or some stimulus money , could not only protect power , heat and water there , it could also put some of the thousands of unemployed Native Americans to work in their own communities .
So you could call , write , or e-mail your congressmen and or senator .
So this diary is a call for action that way - putting a little pressure on the political will .
Reminding our elected officials that the nation has a trust obligation to the tribes .
It 's not charity , and it's not welfare , and there 's a lot of room for improvement .
Contacting any Senator or House member could help , but those serving on the Senate Indian Affairs Committee are particularly relevant , so here 's their contact information .
You know what to do from here :
BACKGROUND
There are nine reservations In South Dakota .
News reports are covering only two reservations , Pine Ridge and Cheyenne River .
Full size photo courtesy of South Dakota Office of Tribal Government Relations
We 've also had a number of Kossacks volunteer to be a part of a new team ( currently un- named ) that will focus on a continuing diary series on the current conditions of our poorest reservations and discuss proactive and preventative measures that could be taken to prevent similar disasters next winter .
Those volunteers currently are :
4 Freedom , Aji , bablhous , Bill in MD , cacamp , Deep Harm , exmearden , KentuckyKat , Kimberley , Kitsap River , Land of Enchantment , Lexalou , No Way Lack of Brain , oke , ParkRanger , Richard Cranium , SarahLee , Soothsayer , swampus , TiaRachel , tlemon , translatorpro , Zenox
Many thanks to them for all their research and support .
Palestinians inspect fire damage at the Yasuf mosque
Israeli police have arrested 10 people as part of investigations into an arson attack on a West Bank mosque .
Police carried out a pre-dawn raid on the Yitzhar settlement , near the Palestinian town Yasuf , where the mosque was attacked last month .
They are investigating whether there is a link between those arrested and the arson attack , police sources said .
The floor of the mosque and a stand holding copies of the Quran were burned in the December attack .
Of the 10 people arrested on suspicion of damaging Palestinian property four were minors and would be released soon , Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said .
The other six , who included Zvi Sukkot of Yitzhar , Eliran Elgali of Yitzhar and Shlomo Gilbert of Elon Moreh , all 20 years old , were still being questioned , he said .
He denied claims by a Yitzhar resident , reported in the Israeli media , that police beat residents , damaged property and even confiscated cameras .
Mr Rosenfeld said the only items confiscated were spikes , as sometimes used on roads to prevent entry , and the type of torches used to carry a flame .
Witnesses told local media about 100 police entered the settlement , some of whom forced their way into the Od Yosef Hai yeshiva , or Jewish seminary .
The yeshiva issued a statement accusing the authorities of persecuting its staff and students .
The head of the yeshiva , Rabbi Yitzhak Shapira , published a controversial book last year which includes discussion of interpretations of the circumstances under which Jewish law permits Jews to kill non-Jews .
In the December attack , graffiti was sprayed in Hebrew on the mosque wall which read : " Get ready to pay the price , " Israeli public radio reported .
Another read : " We will burn you all . "
Some hard - line settlers say they will attack Palestinians in retaliation for any Israeli government measure they see as threatening Jewish settlements .
It is a policy they call the " price tag " .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a 10 - month lull in permits for new settlement homes in the West Bank , not including East Jerusalem .
The order followed US and Palestinian calls for a total freeze in settlement building .
Palestinian officials have refused to rejoin peace talks until a total freeze is imposed .
All Jewish settlements in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , are illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
Concerns over privacy have aligned with apocalyptic Biblical prophecy in a proposed Virginia law that limits the use of microchip implants on humans because of a lawmaker ’s concern that the chips will prove to be the Antichrist ’s “ mark of the beast . ”
On Wednesday , Virginia ’s House of Delegates passed a bill that forbids companies from forcing their employees to be implanted with tracking devices , a move likely to be applauded by civil libertarians .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Virginia state Delegate Mark Cole ’s reasons for proposing the law have as much to do with the Book of Revelation as they do with concerns over privacy in the digital age .
Cole says he is concerned that the implants will turn out to be the “ mark of the beast ” worn by Satan ’s minions .
“ My understanding — I ’m not a theologian — but there ’s a prophecy in the Bible that says you ’ll have to receive a mark , or you can neither buy nor sell things in end times , ” Cole said , as quoted at the Washington Post .
“ Some people think these computer chips might be that mark . ”
Cole is not alone in making that assertion .
Evangelical Outreach , a Web site run by pastor Dan Corner , states that “ [ w ] ith modern technology , it is very possible that this mark may be directly linked with a computer chip . ”
“ Radio frequency identification ( RFID ) implants are currently the prime candidate for this beastly technology , ” says the Riding the Beast blog .
ADVERTISEMENT
David Neff , editor of Christianity Today , says that “ this is part of a larger attempt to constantly read current history in the light of the symbolic language of the Book of Revelation , ” according to the Post .
Opponents of Cole ’s measure argue that it ’s “ a solution in search of a problem , ” the Fredericksburg Free Lance - Star reports .
Virginia Democratic delegate Bob Brink said : “ As I went door to door , there were a number of issues that never came up .
I did n’t hear anything about the danger of an asteroid striking the earth or about the menace of forced implantation of microchips in humans . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But Cole says it was his constituents who brought the issue to his attention .
He says people are concerned that chip implants will replace employee ID badges in offices .
If passed by the full legislature , Virginia will become the fourth state in the US to have such a law .
California , Missouri and Georgia have all passed a similar measure , or are working to pass one .
ADVERTISEMENT
Momentum behind microchip implants has been building for years .
Perhaps most significantly , Florida - based VeriChip introduced an implant in 2001 that can store medical data .
The FDA approved the technology for use in humans in 2004 .
1 of 289
Rating : 5 stars
These dates are served at a downtown tapas restaurant in Atlanta ; a friend of mine who raved about them taled me into trying one although I have never particularly cared for dates .
I am so happy I did .
These are wonderful , easy to make and your guests will be coming back for more - that is if you want to serve them to guests - I might be inclined to keep them all for myself .
A good glass of red wine and you have a real treat !
Note : the restaurant mentioned grills theirs to the point where the bacon becomes blackened on the top .
Either way , if you grill or bake them , I suggest doing so on a rack so that they do n't sit any grease that comes from the bacon .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 320 )
Rating : 4 stars I read all of the reviews before making this recipe and decided to try all recommended variations because it is such an easy recipe .
I have to say either way you go any variation is delicious : blue cheese ricotta gorgonzola adding brown sugar wine reduction and almonds .
BUT ... I think my favorite is the bacon rolled in brown sugar stuffed with smoked almonds and blue cheese with a wine reduction .
It is much tastier with the brown sugar believe me !
I think my second favoriate was the dates stuffed with ricotta .
But regardless of the cheese you use - you can't go wrong I would definitely add almonds to the mix as the crunch is very nice .
Enjoy !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 309 )
Rating : 5 stars my cousin made these for the holidays ' 2007 ' but what she did was she reduced balsamic vinegar to a thick sauce .. and used it for dipping ..OMG !!!
IT WAS HEAVEN ... two dozen were gone in 15 minutes !!!!
Thumb Up Helpful ( 221 )
Rating : 5 stars
These are absolutely heavenly !
I did a test - run before the party ... my guess is they 'll be gorgeous with a champagne cocktail or a nice white wine ( even a Chardonnay might be good ) .
I tried some with Old Amsterdam cheese ( like Gouda ) and some with almonds - both turned out great !
I used Medjool dates which are very plump and rich .
Also I found that there was no real need to use a toothpick - the bacon stayed wrapped by itself .
Lastly I baked them on a broil pan so the bacon grease had a place to drip into .
I can't wait to serve these to my guests !:)
Thumb Up Helpful ( 107 )
Rating : 5 stars I did make modifications to mine since I do n't like blue cheese , so my rating does n't apply to that part .
It 's a great base recipe to try different stuffing in the dates .
I used feta and slivered almonds and they fit perfectly in the dates .
The cooking and the directions worked great .
The cheese stayed put and the dates were delicious .
I used skewers and put 5 - 6 dates on one skewer to save toothpicks and the amount of time I had to flip each date .
I just had to flip the skewers and it was easy to pop the dates off and put them in a dish .
Putting them on a skewer also helped keep the bacon stay put .
So tasty !
Thanks for sharing !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 104 )
Rating : 5 stars Oh. My. God. Thumb Up Helpful ( 98 )
Rating : 3 stars
These were good but the bacon wrapped dates stuffed with almonds were by far the bigger hit at the party ... even the blue cheese fanatics prefered the " crunch " of the almond stuffed version .
Good but will stick to the other ( which were easier to work with as well ) .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 88 )
Rating : 4 stars I 've always ordered these at one of my favorite tapas restaurants here in Chicago .
So this past weekend I decided to make some for a cocktail party I was hosting .
Instead of blue cheese , I filled the dates with slivered almonds and baked them for 20 minutes in a 450 degree oven .
They turned out crispy and delicious .
A HUGE hit with my guests .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 68 )
President Zarkozy 's speech was welcomed by developing nations French President Nicolas Sarkozy has backed calls by developing nations to keep the Kyoto Protocol , which only requires rich nations to cut emissions .
Speaking in Copenhagen , he broke away from the EU position of favouring a new deal that saw all nations commit to measures to curb climate change .
Elsewhere , the US and China have been at loggerheads over binding targets .
With one day remaining , observers say the climate summit is unlikely to deliver a meaningful deal .
The Danish presidency of the climate summit in Copenhagen has sought to play down expectations of a comprehensive deal emerging from the meeting .
ANALYSIS Richard Black , BBC News environment correspondent
The shape of a possible political deal has emerged here during a day of private ministerial meetings .
It appears that the Danes have been relieved of political leadership behind the scenes , with Gordon Brown and Kevin Rudd - with input direct from the Washington White House - steering moves to induce all the " important " parties to buy in .
Leaders would have some big decisions to make , however , probably including a target for limiting temperature rise , long - term funding for developing countrues , and verification of emission cuts .
Some small developing countries are not entirely happy but the big players appear to be more confident than they were this morning of bringing everyone on board .
Richard Black 's Earth Watch blog
The hosts had to drop plans to propose new draft texts on Thursday after opposition from many developing nations , which saw the talks grind to a halt on Wednesday .
Officials said progress could be made , but an international agreement may have to wait until a 2010 meeting in Mexico .
In his address to delegates , Mr Nicolas Sarkozy called on nations to " stop posturing " .
" A failure in Copenhagen would be a catastrophe for each and everyone of us , " he said .
" If we keep on heading where we 're going , we are heading for failure . "
" So people want to keep Kyoto , OK let 's keep Kyoto .
But let us agree on an overall political umbrella , " he stated .
The French president went on to urge ministers and leaders to adopt a full climate treaty in June 2010 .
" Let 's give ourselves six months after the Copenhagen conference to transform political commitments into a legal text . "
Money on offer Eariler , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the meeting her country was prepared to work towards mobilising $ 100bn a year for developing countries .
She told delegates : " In the context of a strong accord in which all major economies pledge meaningful mitigation actions and provide full transparency as to those actions , the US is prepared to work with other countries towards a goal of mobilising $ 100 bn a year to address the needs of developing countries . "
She made it clear - as did Japan on Wednesday when announcing a specific figure for assistance - that the money was contingent on reaching a global deal here that met its criteria .
COPENHAGEN CLIMATE SUMMIT
Delegates from 193 nations are in Copenhagen to negotiate an agreement on curbing greenhouse gas emissions , in order to prevent dangerous climate change Developing nations want rich nations to cut emissions by at least 25 % by 2020 - rich nations are reluctant to go so far and want developing countries to curb emissions too
The US will not accept legally binding emissions cuts unless China does the same .
China is unlikely to allow international scrutiny of its emission cuts Ongoing disagreement on how funds to mitigate and adapt to climate change will be provided .
Poor nations want direct aid , while the West favours schemes like carbon trading BBC environment correspondent Richard Black said developing countries are likely to point out that there is no figure for what the US is prepared to provide itself , either from public or private finance .
The sum is also less than the amount that UN agencies such as the World Bank and International Energy Agency calculates is necessary to help mitigation and adaptation in the developing world .
But transparency has emerged as a major sticking point for the US .
It has been calling on some developing countries , including China and India , to open their emissions controls to international scrutiny .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said China had to give ground on the US demand for transparency .
China says it is willing to provide information about its measures to reduce emissions , reports the AP news agency .
Vice Foreign Minister
He Yafei is quoted as saying that China is ready for " dialogue and co-operation that is not intrusive , that does not infringe on China 's sovereignty " .
New alliance ?
Addressing the summit on Thursday , Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said he feared " a triumph of form over substance " at the outcome of the UN climate summit .
In his speech , UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , meanwhile , urged the summit to " summon up the greatest level of ambition " .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full " The success of our endeavours depends on us forging a new alliance , " he told delegates .
He added : " In these few days in Copenhagen which will be blessed or blamed for generations to come , we cannot permit the politics of narrow self - interest to prevent a policy for human survival . "
Yvo de Boer , executive secretary of the UN 's climate body , told reporters that negotiators would consider two negotiating texts ; one looking at further emission cuts by developed nations ( except the US ) by 2020 , and another that looks at committing all nations to curbing climate change .
Mr de Boer added that the texts would be considered by two working groups , which were expected to report back to the main conference on Thursday evening .
Saleemul Huq , senior fellow in climate change at the International Institute for Environment and Development , told BBC News : " The negotiation process is in a high state of confusion . "
" On the other hand , heads of state are arriving and talking to each other , and within hours every important decision - maker on the planet will be in the same town at the same time .
" If they can't do it , no - one can - and I think that they will . "
India 's environment minister Jairam Ramesh said a " blame game " had already begun because of the slow progress towards a deal .
Containing emissions to a level associated with a temperature rise of no more than 2C is the stated aim of the big nations here .
As things are going they will miss that target by a considerable margin , our correspondent says .
The poorest and most vulnerable nations say emissions should be contained to a level associated with a temperature rise of 1 or 1.5C .
Are you in Copenhagen ?
Are you taking part in the demonstrations or are you a delegate at the talks ?
What is the atmosphere like ?
Send us your comments using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Angela Harrison
BBC News education reporter
The school district says the laptops had a " security device " Parents in the US have accused a school of spying on children by remotely activating webcams on laptops .
A couple from Pennsylvania have filed a lawsuit against a school district which gave laptops to its high school pupils .
They say their son was told off by teachers for " engaging in improper behaviour in his home " and that the evidence was an image from his webcam .
Lower Merion School District says it has now deactivated a tracking device installed on the laptops .
It says the security feature was only used to track lost , stolen and missing laptops .
But it was deactivated on Thursday and would not be re-instated without informing students and families , the district said .
' Stages of undress '
The Lower Merion School District gave the laptops to all 1,800 students at its two high schools with the aim of giving them access to school resources around the clock , according to its website .
Michael and Holly Robbins are suing the district on behalf of their child and all the children in the district issued with the laptops .
They allege the school district invaded their privacy and are guilty of " wiretapping " by putting children under covert surveillance .
Images captured may consist of minors and their parents or friends in compromising or embarrassing positions , including in various stages of dress or undress
Lawsuit claims
In their lawsuit , they claim the webcams were activated remotely and images were taken which could have included anything going on in a room where the laptop was placed .
The legal papers say : " As the laptops were routinely used by students and family members at home , it is believed that many of the images captured and intercepted may consist of images of minors and their parents or friends in compromising or embarrassing positions , including in various stages of dress or undress " .
On Thursday , the Lower Merion School District posted a letter to parents on its website saying it had always " gone to great lengths " to protect the privacy of its students .
In it , the Schools Superintendent Christopher McGinley gives details of the security feature , which he said was activated only if a laptop was reported lost , stolen or missing .
" The security feature 's capabilities were limited to taking a still image of the operator and the operator 's screen , " he wrote .
" This feature was only used for the narrow purpose of locating a lost , stolen or missing laptop .
The District never activated the security feature for any other purpose or in any other manner whatsoever . "
However , the district had carried out a preliminary review of security procedures and had disabled the security - tracking program , he added .
The district would now conduct a thorough review of the existing policies for student laptop use and look at any other " technology areas in which the intersection of privacy and security may come into play " .
" We regret if this situation has caused any concern or inconvenience among our students and families , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mitch McConnell gives a speech .
McConnell wants to fund Afghan surge
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) – who was against the stimulus in the first place – has come up with a Republican - endorsed way to spend the untapped balance of that money : funding the surge in Afghanistan .
“ We know the stimulus failed , ” McConnell said Tuesday .
“ It was sold to the Congress and to the American people with the suggestion that it would hold unemployment below eight percent .
We know unemployment is over 10 percent .
We ’re looking for a way to fund several years of the war .
I would suggest unexpended stimulus funds would be a good place to start . ”
Advertisement
Although unlikely , McConnell comments are part of a larger argument in Washington about how to pay for the Obama administration ’s plans to increase troops in Afghanistan .
House Appropriations Chairman David Obey ( D - Wisc. ) said he wanted to institute a surtax to pay for the war .
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) and Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) said they do not support that measure .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) said those questions are “ way ahead of what ’s necessary at this stage . ”
But it sets the stage for a fight in Congress .
Democrats have made fiscal responsibility a centerpiece in the fight for health care reform .
Now , the party is divided if , and how , it should pay for an increase in troops in Afghanistan .
Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services committee , said he would freeze discretionary spending in appropriations bills – much of it in earmarks .
McCain suggested a freeze on that type or spending at last year ’s level – something that would save approximately $ 60 billion , he said .
“ I would look forward eagerly to going through the appropriations those items which are far , far less important than funding our efforts in Afghanistan , ” McCain said .
By Sean Ammerman
Aaron Fotheringham went into the record books as a pioneer in wheelchair sports Saturday .
Guinness World Records recorded the Northwest Las Vegas resident , in front of a crowd of more than 300 at Doc Romeo Park , as the first to complete a back flip in a wheelchair .
“ It feels awesome to get this , ” said Fotheringham , 16 , who performed the flip before the Vegas AmJam skatepark competition .
To achieve the trick , Fotheringham , rolled down a skatepark ramp to generate enough speed .
He then went up another ramp and landed his flip on flat ground .
Full Article
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 567 - Football and Hockey
Well , now you 're saying , even if a study said the 11 minutes thing is true , football is still better than baseball because baseball is so slow , and Dante , you 're biased in favor of baseball anyway .
Well , have you been to a major football game ?
All the players do half the time is stand around waiting for commercial breaks to end .
And as for baseball , let 's assume there are 130 pitches per team per game , OK ?
Now , including the time from windup to the umpire calling the pitch a ball or strike , probably 5 seconds go by .
260 pitches * 5 seconds per pitch = 1300 seconds = over 21 minutes > 11 minutes .
Thus baseball is more action packed than football .
Q.E.D. ( Quite excellent , Dante . )
Anyway , enjoy the Super Bowl .
One of the advances Apple plans for future MacBook Pro models is an improvement to the handling of the notebooks ' dual graphics chips , AppleInsider has learned .
Dual - graphics auto switching
More specifically , the Mac maker has up and running in its labs several next - generation MacBook Pros that can switch between their integrated and discrete graphics processors automatically , according to people familiar with the matter .
This differs from the company 's existing MacBook Pro lineup , which requires users to manually toggle between an integrated Nvidia GeForce 9400 M graphics core and the more powerful 9600M GT discrete processor by first making a selection in their Mac 's Energy Saver system preference pane , then logging out and back in for the change to take effect ( as shown below ) .
While those privy to Apple 's plans could not say with complete certainty that the new technology would qualify for inclusion in the most immediate update to the MacBook Pro family , they do believe that 's indeed the Cupertino - based company 's plans .
The current chipset situation Apple faces across its notebook lines also lends support to these claims .
Chipset setback
A year and a half ago , Apple made a radical decision to jettison Intel 's supporting chipsets from its MacBook line in favor of cutting - edge chipset technology from Nvidia , one which works to support the systems ' primary Intel CPU while bundling a GeForce 9400 M integrated graphics processor supporting better battery life and up to five times faster graphics performance .
MacBook Pros received similar treatment , with the addition of a secondary , more powerful Nvidia GeForce 9600M GT discrete graphics processor for higher performance operations .
The move threatened Intel 's chipset business , prompting the chip maker to refuse Nvidia a licensing extension to develop rival chipsets for its latest - generation Nehalem architecture .
Nehalem embodies the new Core i5 and Core i7 processors Apple and the broader industry are widely expected to use ( 1 , 2 ) to power their forthcoming notebook refreshes , thereby requiring PC manufacturers like Apple to once again rely on proprietary Intel chipsets and their integrated graphics processors .
For its part , Nvidia disputed Intel 's claim , saying it believed its license with Intel extended to the Nehalem architecture .
In an effort to hold its ground , Intel took the matter to the courts , filing a lawsuit against the graphics chip maker to halt its development of compatible chipsets for Nehalem and future Intel architectures .
These actions caused the U.S. Federal Trade Commission to step in last December with a lawsuit of its own against Intel , accusing the company of using its leverage in the market to stifle competition .
The ongoing high - tech spat has brought Nvidia 's fledgeling chipset business to screeching halt , hindering Apple 's future notebook designs in the process , according to people familiar with the matter .
They say these unexpected complications may be a cause of blame for the aging status of the existing MacBook Pro line , which has n't seen a significant update in over 16 months — well beyond its average .
Still , Nvidia has n't been standing idle and as recently as this month introduced a new technology called Optimus [ white paper PDF ] to help secure its footprint in notebook designs across the industry .
It 's also strikingly similar to the description of the technology said to be making its way into next - generation MacBook Pros , which , given Apple 's tight relationship with Nvidia , appears to be a bit more than a coincidence .
Specifically , Optimus was designed to work alongside Nehalem notebook designs that include an integrated Intel graphics processor in addition to a discrete Nvidia graphics chip , choosing the best of the two graphics processors for running a given application and automatically routing the workload to either the discrete Nvidia chip or Intel integrated graphics core to deliver the best performance while also providing optimal battery life .
" Just as a Hybrid car chooses between the gas - powered and electric car engine on - the - fly and uses the most appropriate engine , Nvidia Optimus technology does the same thing for graphics processors , " Nvidia explains .
" Optimus Technology instantly directs the workload through the most efficient processor for the job , extending battery life by up to 2 times compared to similarly configured systems equipped with discrete graphics processors . "
Nvidia Optimus Application Scenario Comparison
For example , playing 3D games , running videos , or using graphics - intensive applications will trigger the high - performance Nvidia discrete chip while basic applications , like web surfing or email , will call upon the integrated Intel graphics processor .
Nvidia says the technology , which begins shipping in notebooks this month , supports the GeForce 200M and GeForce 300 M series — the successors to the GeForce 9600M GT chip found in existing MacBook Pros — as well as its future GeForce chips .
Although Optimus only officially supports Windows 7 at present , those briefed on the technology say that 's only due to software limitations that Nvidia and Apple are likely tackling behind closed doors .
The oil was stored in a former refinery which is now used as a storage depot .
It was sabotaged on Tuesday when someone opened the main valve and allowed the fuel to empty into the Lambro , a tributary of the Po .
The Abdulmutallab Dots that Should Have Been Connected
The notion that U.S. intelligence should have “ connected the dots , ” and caught Abdulmutallab , is n’t going away .
This is a typical example :
So you ’d need come “ articulable facts ” which could “ reasonably warrant a determination ” that the guy may be a terrorist based on his behavior .
And one assumes his behavior would have to catch the attention of the authorities , correct ?
Well let ’s see .
His dad , a former minister in Nigeria , informed the US embassy there that his son had been radicalized ( the dad obviously had a reason for concern ) .
US intelligence had been following him for a while , dubbing him “ the Nigerian ” ( one assumes there was a reason ) .
He was on a watch list ( one assumes there was a reason ) .
He had been banned from Britain ( yup , one assumes there was a reason ) .
The British intelligence service had identified him to our intelligence agencies in 2008 as a potential threat ( sigh , uh , yeah , reason ) .
He ’d just visited Yemen , an al Qaeda hotbed ( given the first 5 , one can reasonably guess at the reason ) .
He bought a one - way ticket to the United States in Africa through Europe ( red flag 1 ) .
He paid cash ( red flag 2 ) .
He checked no luggage ( red flag 3 ) .
… are those or are those not “ articulable facts ” which should have “ reasonably warranted a determination ” that this guy fit the profile of someone who is usually up too no good ?
No ?
Kevin Drum responds to this line by line :
… the more we learn , the less this seems to be holding water .
Let ’s go through the list one by one : Jim Arkedis , a former intelligence analyst : “ For the record , 99 percent of the time , walk - in sources to U.S. Embassies are of poor - to - unknown quality .
That includes friends and family members who walk into the embassy and claim their relatives are potential dangers .
Why ?
Family relations are tangled webs , and who really knows if your uncle just might want you arrested in revenge for that unsettled family land dispute . ”
This is true .
But we did n’t have a name , only a tip that “ a Nigerian ” might be planning an attack .
Yes .
But as the LA Times puts it , he was on a list of half a million people with “ suspected extremist links but who are not considered threats . ”
Yes , but not because of any suspected terrorist ties .
From the New York Times : “ [ Home Secretary Alan ] Johnson said Mr. Abdulmutallab ’s application to renew his student visa was rejected in May after officials had determined that the academic course he gave as his reason for returning to Britain was fake … .
The rejection of the visa renewal appeared to have been part of a wider process initiated by British authorities this year when they began to crack down on so - called fake colleges that officials said had been established in large numbers across Britain in an attempt to elude tightened immigration controls . ”
No , they did n’t .
From the Telegraph : “ Diplomatic sources said that the Prime Minister ’s spokesman had intended to refer to information gleaned by MI5 after the Christmas Day incident following an exhaustive examination of records going back through Abdulmutallab ’s time in Britain up to October 2008 . ”
True .
No , it was a roundtrip ticket .
Nigeria and Ghana ( where Abdulmutallab bought his ticket ) are largely cash economies .
Andrew Sprung tells us that Abdulmutallab “ would certainly raise no alarms by paying cash . ”
This is apparently true .
I ’d go even further on point 9 .
I fly 240,000 miles a year , and I almost never check luggage .
And that goes double when flying in or out of the Third World .
And I ’ve also read that he did n’t have a coat , something else that — living in Minneapolis — I regularly see .
As I keep saying , everything is obvious in hindsight .
After the fact , it ’s easy to point to the bits of evidence and claim that someone should have “ connected the dots . ”
But before the fact , when there are millions of dots — some important but the vast majority unimportant — uncovering plots is a lot harder .
I wrote in 2002 :
The problem is that the dots can only be numbered after the fact .
With the benefit of hindsight , it ’s easy to draw lines from people in flight school here , to secret meetings in foreign countries there , over to interesting tips from foreign governments , and then to INS records .
Before 9/11 it ’s not so easy .
Rather than thinking of intelligence as a simple connect - the - dots picture , think of it as a million unnumbered pictures superimposed on top of each other .
Or a random - dot stereogram .
Is it a lion , a tree , a cast iron stove , or just an unintelligible mess of dots ?
You try and figure it out .
It ’s certainly possible that intelligence missed something that could have alerted them .
And there have been reports saying that a misspelling of Abdulmutallab ’s name caused the Department of State to miss an alert .
( I ’ve also heard , although I can’t find a link , that some database truncated his name because it was too long for the database field . )
And I ’m sure that a lot of the money we ’re wasting on full body scanners and other airport security measures could be much better spent increasing our intelligence and investigation capabilities .
But be careful before you claim something that ’s obvious after the fact should have been obvious before the fact .
Posted on January 25 , 2010 at 7:09 AM • 66 Comments
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
David Tennant 's Doctor Who turns into Matt Smith on New Year 's Day .
Tennant , who is arguably the most popular Doctor in the programme 's 46 - year history , replaced Christopher Eccleston 's ninth Doctor in 2005 .
David Tennant gave the BBC's Lizo Mzimba his last TV interview before his time as the Doctor comes to an end .
In “ The Nutmeg of Consolation ” by Patrick O’Brian , the 14th in his series of maritime novels , the good Dr. Stephen Maturin ’s unabashed joy at finally seeing a platypus in Australia is almost immediately tempered by the incapacitating pain he experiences when he is stung by poisonous spurs on the animal ’s rear legs .
Dr. Maturin could be forgiven if he did n’t know that the platypus is among the few mammals that produce venom ( and with platypuses , only the male does ) .
Even those who know about platypus venom do not really know much about it .
They know a little more now .
Researchers in Japan have identified some of the constituents of the venom that may help make it so painful .
Using high - performance liquid chromatography and other techniques , Masaki Kita of the University of Tsukuba , Daisuke Uemura of the Nagoya University and colleagues analyzed venom samples and identified about a dozen peptides , small chains of amino acids that are the building blocks of proteins .
Their findings are reported in The Journal of the American Chemical Society .
Google Buzz has been making waves ever since it was launched .
Love it , hate it , but you simply can’t ignore it .
In fact , Google Buzz is still trending on Twitter .
Thanks to tight integration with Gmail , Google Buzz already has a huge user base and most Buzz users are already following dozens of users .
However , you can further increase your Buzz reach by tapping into Twitter .
Google allows you to connect your Google Profile with Twitter , but does n’t offer any way to directly import your Twitter contacts .
This is where Tw2 buzz comes in .
Tw2buzz is a simple service , which cross-references your Twitter Followers list with Google Profiles and automatically builds a list of tweeples you may want to follow in Buzz .
Using the service itself is pretty simple .
Make sure that you are logged into your Google account and authorize the app to connect with your Twitter profile .
Tw2buzz will automatically parse and analyze your followers and prepare a list of Google Profiles .
Due to the lack of a Google Buzz API , Tw2 buzz does n’t implement bulk follow .
Instead you will have to open each user ’s Google Profile page and follow them individually .
Techie Buzz Verdict
Tw2 buzz is a handy service , if you are looking to grow your Google Buzz social circle .
The lack of a mass follow option is disappointing , but as they say , something is better than nothing .
At least Tw2buzz helps you in identifying Google Profiles of your followers .
Another aspect , which may irk some users , is that Tw2buzz refers to your Followers list ( instead of Following list ) .
It is just a personal opinion , but I would be more interested in connecting with the people I follow rather than people who follow me .
Techie Buzz Rating : 2.5/5 ( Good )
Invites
Tw2Buzz is currently in private beta phase and requires an invitation code to signup .
We have 250 invites to give away .
Simply click here or enter the invitation code “ T3cH!3BuzZ ” while signing up .
Amid controversy surrounding the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) report on melting glaciers , Xie Zhenhua , Vice - Chairman of China ’s National Development and Reform Commission , today urged the UN panel to make the fifth assessment report comprehensive by also citing contrarian views .
He said there is a view that climate change is caused by the cyclical element of nature itself .
“ Climate change concerns survival and development of people .
We need to adopt an open attitude to scientific research and incorporate all views , ” said Xie , while addressing a conference of BASIC ( Brazil , South Africa , India and China ) countries here today .
The fourth assessment report of IPCC , chaired by R K Pachauri , had stated -- erroneously , it now admits -- that the Himalayan glaciers would disappear altogether by 2035 , if not sooner .
Stressing the fact that more scientific and consistent views are required , Xie said : “ Scientists are waiting for the fifth assessment report and amongst us ( BASIC countries ) , we will enhance cooperation in the report to make it more comprehensive .
This will need prompt and scientific action . ”
“ We need an intensified programme in glaciology by cooperating with China , Pakistan , Nepal and Bhutan , besides building our own glacial ( study ) capacity , ” corroborated India ’s environment minister , Jairam Ramesh , who added that the IPCC did n’t carry out due diligence on the fourth assessment report .
“ The health of the Himalayan glaciers is precarious and we need to make major investments in the next five to 10 years on what is happening there and policy interventions .
We need intensified measuring , modelling and monitoring of the glaciers , ” said Ramesh .
Though the four ministers agreed more science and research is required , Brazilian environment minister Carlos Minc noted all science should not be rejected if one scientist makes a mistake .
“ It is important to deepen scientific studies and use it to reduce emissions , ” he said .
On the fact that the very existence of climate change is questioned , Buyelwa Sonjica , South Africa ’s minister of water & environmental affairs said : “ All that we do depends on sciences and their validity .
BASIC , as a part of the G 77 , must clear all doubts on the impact of climate change and find mechanisms with the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and IPCC to clear doubts about the existence of climate change . ”
IPCC , in an earlier statement , said the broader assessment remained correct , that warming of the earth would lead to widespread losses of glaciers .
The concluding document of its fourth assessment report stated : “ Climate change is expected to exacerbate current stresses on water resources from population growth and economic and land - use change , including urbanisation . ”
WASHINGTON — Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said his government would accept a nuclear fuel - swap agreement overseen by the United Nations , a deal the Obama administration has viewed as central to limiting Tehran 's ability to develop atomic weapons .
The Iranian leader 's announcement on state television Tuesday , however , was immediately greeted with skepticism by Western diplomats , who have watched Tehran flip - flop on the fuel - swap issue since it was proposed in October .
Senior ...
The Dresden Codex
" The height of Maya civilization in what are now parts of Central America and Mexico ’s Yucatán Peninsula lasted for most of the first millennium CE , and elements of Maya culture survived until the arrival of Europeans in the early sixteenth century .
Among the greatest accomplishments of the Maya was the development of highly sophisticated mathematical and astronomical systems , both of which played an important role in their religious beliefs and practices . " [ source ]
( named for the city where it is housed )
" The Dresden Codex was written by eight different scribes using both sides .
They all had their own particular writing style , glyphs and subject matter . [..]
Its images were painted with extraordinary clarity using very fine brushes .
The basic colors used from vegetable dyes for the codex were red , black and the so - called Mayan blue . " [ source ]
Introduction - Invocation of the gods ; preparation of prophecies
&
The Grand Deluge
( another version of that page on the right can be seen at wikimedia )
Tables for the Planet Jupiter
Tables for the Planet Mars
Serpent numbers ; the columns of the universe ; manifestations of the Rain God
Rituals at the beginning of the New Year
Food offerings to the Rain God
Food offerings to the Rain God
Food offerings to the Rain God
Eclipse tables
The Moon Goddess ; illness and birth
Sächsische Landesbibliothek
The Dresden Codexis a fig bark paper manuscript in concertina style , produced around the beginning of the 13th century ( a contentious point ) .
The seventy - four pages are sewn together producing an eleven foot long document which was originally folded up between protective wooden covers bearing engraved jaguars .
As the most complete of the few remaining Maya manuscripts , it is a comprehensive source for Maya calendar and astronomy systems and an aid to glyph interpretation in the wider iconography of the Maya culture .
The Dresden codex is believed to be a copy of an original text that was composed between about 700 to 900 AD , prompting some historians to assert that it's the earliest known book from the Americas .
The surviving copy may have been one of a number of pre-Columbian works sent to Europe by Hernán Cortés in 1519 .
It first surfaces in recorded history in 1739 when it was purchased from a private collection in Vienna by the ( then ) Royal Library of Dresden ( now : ) .
The manuscript has been published in various facsimile and reproduction formats beginning with Alexander von Humboldt 's inclusion of a few codex pages in one of his books in the early 1800s .
During the bombing of Dresden in WW2 the manuscript suffered water damage but it has since been restored .
Although a couple of versions of the Dresden Codex have been online for some time , they are - as far as I can tell - interpretive reproductions or doctored photographic facsimiles and the image quality varies .
So it 's good to see that the Dresden Library last month uploaded ( fairly ) high resolution unaltered images of all the pages from the codex .
The dual - page and detail images below are from the 1933 Gates reproduction ( of variable accuracy , so it is said ) of the Dresden Codex .
They came from a large MesoAmerican manuscript BitTorrent file downloaded ages ago ( thanks Tia !) but I 'm fairly certain they are actually extracted / compiled from the FAMSI site , as noted above .
Jon Stewart , who already had a reputation for lobbing word grenades at media personalities and outlets that displease him , this week delivered one of the most sustained criticisms of Fox News ever heard on Fox News .
That network , lambasted by many on the left as an arm of the conservative movement , is a “ cyclonic perpetual emotion machine ” that has “ taken reasonable concerns about this president and this economy and turned it into a full - fledged panic about the next coming of Chairman Mao , ” Mr. Stewart told Bill O’Reilly of Fox .
Parts of the interview were shown on Wednesday and Thursday evenings on Fox News ’s most popular program , “ The O’Reilly Factor , ” and were widely praised by television critics .
But Mr. Stewart had a lot more to say about
Fox in the portions of the interview that were edited out of the television broadcast .
The exchanges are notable because Mr. Stewart , the host of “ The Daily Show ” on Comedy Central , has occasionally strayed beyond his comedy roots into serious media criticism and drawn great attention for doing so .
On “ Crossfire ” on CNN in 2004 , he claimed the left - right debate format was “ hurting America , ” three months before the program was canceled .
Last year he took aim at CNBC for being Wall Street cheerleaders , telling Jim Cramer , the host of its “ Mad Money ” program , that “ the financial news industry is not just guilty of a sin of omission but a sin of commission . ”
Now that CBS has a new policy allowing advocacy ads , The United Church of Christ , rebuffed when it submitted an ad in 2004 showing gay men welcome at worship , has a new question for this network and others :
Why is only one Christian viewpoint -- the Focus on the Family conservative right viewpoint ( opposing gay marriage and women 's reproductive rights ) -- welcome on the air ?
Focus on the Family will run an anti-abortion ad starring NFL - draft - bound college star Tim Tebow and his mom .
I asked the UCC if they were going to jump in to run their own ad since CBS , which is notably still trying to fill ad slots , says the new policy would allow it .
No , says spokesman Rev. J. Bennett Guess , they 'd rather send any millions available to relief in Haiti right now .
Guess then went on to look at the " arbitrary " way networks make decisions , he says , help foster the ...
... common misunderstanding in this country that all religious people hold a monolithic view on certain issues , such as reproductive choice or same - gender marriage equality , and this is not the case ...
...
The UCC encountered a similar situation in early 2005 when our church sought air time on the ABC network , only to be told that ABC did not accept any religious advertising .
The very next month , Focus on the Family was allowed prime time advertising on ABC's SuperNanny show .
The UCC will do advertising , on line , later this spring , but , Guess says ,
Our media - buying plan , at present , does not include spending $ 2.5 million for a single 30 - second Super Bowl ad .
Our current churchwide fundraising is very much focused on recovery and longterm rebuilding efforts in Haiti .
Yet the larger issue of access remains , " not just for the UCC but for all religious groups , " says Guess ...
When the UCC does return again to CBS or another network , will our distinctive religious viewpoint be heard ?
Do you think , like Guess , that networks are screening out Mailine Protestant social activist views in favor of evangelical Christian Focus on the Family ?
Do you think faith - based groups should be spending funds on advertising at all ?
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 February 27
Dawn 's Endeavour
Credit & Copyright : Malcolm Park
Explanation : On February 21st , the Space Shuttle Endeavour and the International Space Station ( ISS ) flew through the sky near dawn over Whitby , Ontario , Canada .
Along with star trails , both were captured in this single time exposure .
Glinting in sunlight 350 kilometers above the Earth , Endeavour slightly preceeded the ISS arcing over the horizon .
But the brighter trail and the brighter flare belongs to the space station just visited by Endeavour .
Near the completion of the STS - 130 mission , hours later Endeavour made a night landing at Kennedy Space Center .
Here 's my easy and modern guide to getting pleasant looking fonts on Gentoo with minimal effort .
Wikipedia rendered with the end result of this guide
USE Flags
Enable the following USE flags :
euse -- enable truetype type1 cleartype corefonts
and make sure everything is built with them enabled :
emerge - uDNa world
Emerge Fonts
X.org and other apps should pull in some common fonts .
Here are some additional fonts useful for OpenOffice and other programs .
Dejavu provides excellent default fonts which we will enable in the next section .
app-admin/eselect-fontconfig media-fonts/corefonts media-fonts/dejavu media-fonts/font-bh-ttf media-fonts/font-bh-type1 media-fonts/freefonts media-fonts/ttf-bitstream-vera media-fonts/unifont media-fonts/artwiz-aleczapka-en
Enabling fontconfig options
Use ' eselect fontconfig list ' to see a list of available configuration options .
Try enabling the following with ' eselect fontconfig enable < num from list above > ':
10-autohint.conf 10-sub-pixel-rgb.conf 20-unhint-small-dejavu-sans-mono.conf 20-unhint-small-dejavu-sans.conf 20-unhint-small-dejavu-serif.conf 25-unhint-nonlatin.conf 57-dejavu-sans-mono.conf 57-dejavu-sans.conf 57-dejavu-serif.conf
This will give you very nice hinted fonts suitable for the great majority of RGB LCD displays .
The 57 - series rules enable dejavu fonts as the default Serif and Sans Serif fonts .
This will improve the look of your desktop environment and programs like Firefox immediately .
~/.fonts.conf
This file controls your user fontconfig settings .
We will reiterate RGB hinting and disable it for bold fonts so they are not overly bold .
There are plenty of other tricks you can perform in this file to get more Windows - like text , but I 'm quite satisfied with the following and find it very easy to read .
<?xml version = ' 1.0 ' ?>
<!
DOCTYPE fontconfig SYSTEM ' fonts.dtd '> < fontconfig > < match target= " font " > < edit mode= " assign " name= " rgba " > < const > rgb </ const > < /edit > </ match > < match target= " font " > < edit mode= " assign " name= " hinting " > < bool > true </bool > < /edit > </ match > < match target= " font " > < edit mode= " assign " name= " hintstyle " > < const > hintfull </ const > < /edit > </ match > < match target= " font " > < edit mode= " assign " name= " antialias " > < bool > true </bool > < /edit > </ match > <!--
Disable autohint for bold fonts so they are not overly bold --> < match target= " font " > < test compare= " more " name= " weight " > < const > medium </ const > </ test > < edit mode= " assign " name= " autohint " > < bool > false </ bool > < /edit > </ match > </ fontconfig >
Conclusion
Please share any thoughts and tips in the comments .
I recommend browsing the X.org Font Guide on Gentoo Wiki , though some of the information there is out of date or more complex than the method I just outlined .
There ’s no denying it , Avatar the movie has caused a revolution not only in film making , but has affected other spheres of life as well , almost to the point of it becoming an inspiration and a way of life for some .
The strong emotional bond that it created with audiences can also be attributed in a way to the immersion that only Stereoscopic 3D movies can , as in people ’s opinion the story line was not something so unique , so it could be the 3D effect that created the bond .
There was a similar phenomenon that happened a few years ago with another movie that reached cult status and inspired a whole legion of followers to the very futurist ideas and thinking it provoked in those who understood the deep meaning that the movie presented .
– The Matrix .
In fact the storyline behind the Matrix was complex and thought provoking enough to actually warrant more than a few repeat viewings , and unlike Avatar , for which repeat viewings are for the exquisite CGI eye - candy presented in stereoscopic 3D , The Matrix was a 2D movie and the reasons for going back to watch it was almost always because people went back home and had that question in their heads “ what is the Matrix ” .
The reason to compare the two movies in this article however is not for philosophical reasons , but because ... Read the rest in the book THINK IN 3D
Are Dolphins Also Persons ?
If Dolphins Are So Intelligent , Some Scientists Ask Why They 're Kept in Aquariums
Scientists who have studied the remarkable lives of dolphins have found themselves in a bit of an ethical quagmire .
There seems to be little doubt now that dolphins are surprisingly intelligent , know who they are as individuals , and engage in cultural traditions that can be passed on to succeeding generations .
In short , they are a lot like humans .
So , should they be treated as " persons " ?
Should they be recognized as fellow travelers on this planet , rather than captive exhibitionists or laboratory specimens ?
Leaders in the field held a standing - room - only symposium last Sunday in San Diego during the annual convention of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , and they got an earful .
" The response was very much divided , " Lori Marino , a neuroscientist and animal behaviorist at Emory University said in a telephone interview .
Marino was a co-investigator in a convincing experiment that showed in 2001 how dolphins are incredibly self - aware , returning to a mirror over and over again to check out their bodies .
Determining animal intelligence is a thorny problem , even if the animals are somewhat like ourselves .
But it 's especially difficult if the animals are very different from us , and live in a world that is unlike ours , but clearly have active minds .
Some Say Dolphins Should Be Considered ' Non-Human Persons '
Do other animals ponder the stars and wonder about the universe ?
Probably not .
But research shows that dolphins can at least think about the future .
Findings like that have led some distinguished scientists and ethicists to suggest we need to rethink our role as humans .
It turns out we are not alone , and we did n't need to journey into space to find out .
Thomas I . White of the Oxford Centre for Animal Ethics and Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles told the AAAS session that dolphins should be regarded as " non-human persons , " a phrase that has caught on among some scientists .
" Like humans , dolphins appear to be self - conscious , unique individuals with distinctive personalities , memories and a sense of self , who are vulnerable to a wide range of physical and emotional pain and harm , and who have the power to reflect upon and choose their actions , " White told an audience that lingered long after the session had ended because participants wanted to discuss the issue further .
What If Dolphins Were Given ' Person ' Status ?
Giving " person " status to another creature could embolden radical animal protectionists , thus complicating the lives of scientists who depend on a wide range of animals for laboratory research .
But the evidence that some animals are more like us than we might want to believe is so compelling that Marino , one of the leaders in dolphin research , vowed in the telephone interview that she would now study only dolphins in nature , not captivity .
That 's significant , because Marino and a colleague , Diana Reiss , successfully carried out one of the most compelling experiments in the relatively brief history of research into intelligence among marine animals .
Marino 's grad school adviser at the State University of New York at Albany , Gordon Gallup , is the scientist who first used a mirror to show that chimps recognize themselves , a major breakthrough in the search for other animals with self - awareness .
Intrigued with that work , Marino wanted to expand into some area other than heavily researched primates .
Dolphins Are Self - Aware , Research Indicates
Marino began researching dolphins and determined that they had a brain - to - body - mass ratio that is second only to humans .
Human beings have the largest brains , compared to their body mass , of any known animals .
Brain size , relative to body size , is believed by many scientists to be a key prerequisite to intelligence , although there are many other factors as well .
So Marino and Reiss turned to the New York Aquarium , which had a couple of male bottlenose dolphins in captivity , to see if they knew who they were .
" We marked them on different parts of their bodies with a magic marker , " Marino said .
Each dolphin immediately raced to the mirror , " postured in front of the mirror and positioned itself in strange ways to expose the marked part of its body much the same way that you and I would if we passed a wall with wet paint on it .
As soon as we get to the bathroom we would look in the mirror and turn around to see if we got any paint on us . "
Sometimes the researchers used a marker that left no mark , and the result was quite different .
The dolphin would dash to the mirror , but if he could not find a mark , he would immediately move on , ignoring the incident .
Marino and other researchers have concluded that the experiment showed the dolphins were aware of who they were and knew it was their body they were checking out .
Dolphins , Whales , Primates Can Follow Certain Rules
" That 's a very rare capacity in the non- human animal kingdom , " Marino said .
Other researchers have found that dolphins also know how to observe and perpetrate their own traditions .
A number of animals , especially whales and dolphins and primates , know how to follow certain rules .
Dolphins , like humpback whales , are known to engage in bubble feeding , a complex system in which some members of the pod create a cage of bubbles to give the prey the sense of being captive .
Then , other members charge in and dine effortlessly .
" That 's a great example of cultural tradition , " Marino said .
Not all whales , for example , engage in bubble feeding .
" It 's something that a specific group does , and they pass it along to the next generation through learning , " she added .
So what does it all mean ?
" It means that as human beings , we are not alone in being the kind of animals that reflect upon ourselves and put into perspective who we are , " Marino said .
So our world has , relatively recently , become much more complicated .
And despite the fact that about 300,000 dolphins , whales and porpoises die every year as unintentional victims of fishermen 's nets , and some end up in captivity for our amusement , they still seem to like us .
Dolphins Sometimes Protect Humans
Marino said she has looked into reports that dolphins have shielded some humans from sharks , and she has become a believer .
Many of the reports , she said , have been corroborated .
" It 's not much of a stretch , " she noted .
" The behavior they use to protect people when people are in danger are very much the same behavior they use to protect their juveniles . "
They form a circle around the swimmer , slap the water with their tails and create a barrier between the humans and the shark , she said .
And that 's just what they do to protect their own .
But not always .
Sometimes dolphins look the other way when a shark cruises toward humans .
And considering how we sometimes behave , who could blame them ?
After all , are n't they persons , too ?
SOFIA , NASA ’s 747 - mounted flying telescope , has passed a crucial test , as there “ were no problems with aircraft handling , vibrations or acoustic resonance . ”
What purpose does this flying telescope serve ?
Well , it “ will be a world - class observatory for research astronomy . ”
Videos after the break .
The plane will fly in a long arc across the sky between 41,000 and 45,000 feet , above 99 percent of infrared - blocking atmospheric water vapor .
The autopilot and telescope computers will communicate so astronomers can track a single object throughout the flight .
One of them , Mamadou Sy , said in his complaint : “ Directing himself towards the West Africans present , he said , ‘ Wow , there are a lot of Africans , and I do n’t like some of the faces I see here . ’
We felt as if he was threatening us . ”
Image Didier Kane Barrault , one of the complainants .
Credit ... Dana Romanoff for The New York Times
Most of the employees said they had been repeatedly disciplined for not meeting production requirements .
Eventually , they were fired .
Most of the workers had never been reprimanded before , and non-African workers were not subject to the same criticism , they said .
Mr. Sy , 61 , said he was fired in September after his supervisors told him he had to greatly increase the number of boxes he was stocking .
He was not physically able to do so , he said .
“ I worked here for more than three years and never had any complaints about my job , ” he said .
“ Now , we have all been getting fired .
We felt it was racism . ”
Ophelia Hinojosa , a former assistant night manager at the Wal - Mart in Avon , said her supervisors had pressured her to discipline the men for not working fast enough , even though she believed they performed well .
“ They were trying to get most of the Africans out , ” said Ms. Hinojosa , who quit in April because , she said , her job had become too stressful .
“ A lot of them had been there for a long time .
They were n’t being treated right . ”
Well , as reported over the weekend on this blog , the EU Commission did in fact demand “ more sacrifices ” from the Greek people , and in the end Prime Minister Papandreou had to make a last minute TV appearance to explain to his incredulous listeners that the time had come “ to take brave decisions here in Greece just as other countries in Europe have also taken … .
We all have a debt and duty towards our homeland to work together at this difficult time to protect our economy . ”
I thought that that time had come last November , but evidently I was precipitate in my judgement , but now it has finally arrived , although I ould note that hope does spring eternal , and that even now not everyone is 100 % convinced .
When Adreas Papandreou said Greece needed the same brave decisions others have taken I presume he was in fact referring to Latvia , Hungary and Romania .
More than the measures themselves , what is interesting about the Brussels acceptance speech were the series of measures put in place to monitor and control Greek economic policy .
As the Financial Times put it , the EU puts Athens under close scrutiny .
“ The European Commission , the guardian of Europeâ€™s fiscal rules , struck out into uncharted territory by placing Greeceâ€™s economic and budgetary policies under closer surveillance than has yet been applied to a eurozone country . ”
In fact the European Commission has put Athens on an unprecedentedly short leash , since there is to be a mid-March interim progress report , a further one in mid-May , and quarterly updates thereafter .
In addition , an infringement procedure was also launched against Athens for “ failing in its duty to report reliable budgetary statistics ” .
The Commission recommendations will now be forwarded to EU finance ministers for possible approval on 15 - 16 February .
If endorsed , it will be the first time that a eurozone member country will be put under such strict surveillance .
And the agreed measures are obviously far from being the end of the road , since the EU executive only conditionally approved Greece ’s three - year fiscal plan and warned further cuts in public sector wages would be required ( that dreaded internal devaluation ) if , as many economists believe , the measures so far announced prove to be insufficient to generate the economic growth which will be needed to meet the steep deficit - reduction targets .
Thus the die is cast , and Greece will not , as I recommended , be going to the IMF .
Such a move is now seen as superflous , since the EU Commission is steadily transforming itself into a local “ mini- version ” of the Fund in order to try to handle the cases of those countries who show continuing reluctance in implementing those much needed deep structural reforms .
I only hope the Commission have the will to follow this through with all the determination that is needed , since if Greece do now finally go to the IMF for help it will surely now be as an ex-member of the Eurogroup .
Not that this weeks session was entirely accident free .
Retiring Economy Commissioner Joaquin Almunia gave yet another example of how clumsy he can at times be , by declaring that “ En esos paÃ­ses ( Greece , Portugal and Spain ) , observamos una pÃ©rdida constante de competitividad desde que son miembros de la zona euro ” ( a “ continuous ” loss of competitiveness ) , which appeared in the English language press as : “ Almunia Says South Europe Has â€ ˜Permanentâ€ ™ Competitiveness Loss “ .
It is n’t clear to me from this distance whether he was speaking in English and his core message got “ lost in translation ” , or whether he thought the speech out in Spanish , and the faux pas is down to his advisers .
Either way the damage was done , causing even more problems than needed – according to data from CMA datavision , Credit Default Swaps were up on Spanish Sovereign Debt to 151 bps , or up 18.24 on the day .
Portugal CDS also rose sharply on the day – 28.47 bps to 195.80 .
As Deutsche Bank ’s Jim Reid said after the announcement :
Clearly aggressive fiscal tightening can look plausible on paper but the reality is that the path will be full of potential roadblocks .
Future strike action will be sign of how prepared the general population is to take the hard medicine .
The jury must still be out on this and the market will look to exploit any set backs .
However in the short - term the market does seem to have lined up an alternative target .
So the jury still is very much out on just how viable the GDP targets being offered by the Greek government really are .
George Papaconstantinou , Greeceâ€™s finance minister , may have told the Financial Times that he expected a return to economic growth from the middle of this year – boosted , he said , by strength in the shipping and tourism industries and the â€œhidden power of consumersâ€ in the shadow economy .
But saying this is one thing , and achieving it is another .
Growth across Europe will at best be modest this year – let ’s say between 0.5 % to 1 % of GDP at the most optimistic – with labour markets week everywhere , so I think it is rather unrealistic to expect a tourist boom going much beyond the one we saw ( or did n’t see ) last year , and the same goes for shipping , which is a sector where surplus capacity still abounds .
As for those affluent Greek consumers he is talking about , we have to hope they all dig deep into their wallets , and that each and every one of them now insists on a VAT valid invoice !
But so far there is not much sign of this , and retail sales are actually falling steadily ( see chart below ) .
In fact I seriously doubt we are going to see much support from internal consumption at this point .
Greece is all about exports now , but where are they going to come from ?
And how is the country going to get a trade surplus big enough to achieve the sort of economic growth they are talking about without a much stronger internal devaluation ?
Industrial output has been falling for some time .
And the latest January PMI only served to underline how Greece was becoming detached from the recovery elsewhere .
Commenting on the Greece Manufacturing PMI survey data , Gemma Wallace , economist at Markit said : â€ œThe onset of the new year brought little hope of a near - term recovery in Greek manufacturing .
Accelerating contractions in new orders , output and employment caused the headline PMI to sink to an eight - month low .
Meanwhile , firms were struggling to cover rising costs , as strong competition and unfavourable demand conditions rendered them unable to raise charges .
Eurozone unemployment hit 10 % for the first time in December , underlining the extent to which the timid economic recovery has yet to translate into job creation .
Spain ’s jobless rate rose to nearly 20 % , and Ireland , which like Spain has also been hard hit by a housing downturn , saw its jobless rate climb to 13.3 % from 13 % .
As is normal Eurostat did n’t have data on the jobless rate in Greece , where , as Market Watch point out , statistics are notoriously hard to come by .
The lastest – EU comparable – number we have is for October , but at this point such a data point is the next best thing to useless .
A similar situation exists in the construction sector , we have no clear idea of what is happening since the Greek statistics office simply to not supply comparable data to Eurostat .
Meanwhile the drama in the bond markets looks set to trundle on :
Greece ’s acute problem is the need to raise financing to allow it to roll over maturing debt in April and May , while preserving sufficient cash to fund current expenditure .
We estimate an additional funding need of at least â‚ ¬30bn by May .
The concentration of maturing debt is unusual , but even if this immediate source of stress can be overcome , the funding profile for coming years remains demanding .
The next three months will have a heavy bearing on the profile that is followed , but whatever happens , Greece and other peripheral euro area countries will still suffer from a chronic need to improve productivity , raise national savings and cut government borrowing .
Christel Aranda - Hassel , Director , European Economics , Credit Suisse .
An all the doubt continue as to whether , with the fiscal retrenchment process and the competitiveness correct Greece can manage to achieve the debt to GDP reductions promised in their Stability Programme .
As Credit Suisse ’s Giovanni Zanni puts it , previously
Nominal GDP growth was systematically higher than the average rate of interest paid on the governmentâ€™s debt .
The implication was that the government could run significant fiscal deficits and still reduce the debt - to- GDP ratio .
It did not exploit that advantage significantly , however , and the Greek governmentâ€™s debt ratio fell only slightly over the period .
Things have changed drastically since last year .
Nominal growth fell to 0 % in 2009 .
Although it should recover from 2009 lows , we think it will remain subdued relative to the recent past .
Even if Greek sovereign credit spreads versus Germany fall back somewhat from the peaks reached last week , it seems extremely unlikely that the favourable dynamics of the past will reappear anytime soon .
As such , there are few options open to the government other than to move the primary balance into surplus â€ “ a surplus that is sufficient to first stabilise the debt - to - GDP ratio and then push it downwards .
This primary surplus seems a very , very long way off at this point .
And Greek bonds fell again yesterday , pushing the premium investors demand to hold 10 - year securities instead of German bunds up by 12 basis points to its highest level in a week .
The move followed news that Greeceâ€™s biggest union had approved a mass strike while tax collectors began a 48 - hour walkout .
The Greek 10 - year yield jumped 8 basis points to 6.76 percent as of 11:45 a.m. in London .
The difference in yield , or spread , with benchmark German bunds was at 365 basis points .
It widened to 396 basis points on Jan. 28 , the most since before the euroâ€™s debut in 1999 .
And Citicorp warns that investors may well continue to cut their holdings of Greek bonds amid skepticism the government can overcome public hostility to budget cuts .
â€ œAlthough Greece has secured the expected backing from the EU for its latest austerity program , we expect markets to remain very fearful of the potential for the fiscal consolidation process to slide or to be derailed by public dissent , â€ according to Steve Mansell , director of interest - rate strategy at Citigroup in London .
Investors , he said , may be â€œmore prone to lighten exposure on any significant spread tightening movesâ€ .
And it is n’t only the bank analysts who are not convinced .
According to this article in Le Monde IMF head Dominique Strauss Kahn and his close associate Jean Pisani -Ferry , director of the Brussles based think tank Bruegel also have their doubts :
Celui-ci estime que l’UE n’a ni la vocation , ni les Ã©quipes , ni les techniques pour analyser les carences d’un pays et prÃ©coniser des remÃ¨des .
L’Union n’a pas l’habitude d’affronter l’impopularitÃ© des thÃ©rapies de choc et pourrait cÃ©der aux manifestations de rue .
Le FMI peut jouer de sa rÃ©putation de duret
Ã© pour aider le gouvernement grec Ã imposer les sacrifices inÃ©vitables .
Which in plain English says that they thing the EU Commission has neither the vocation , nor the teams , nor the technical experience to take on a job of this size , and while it is vital that the necessary structures and policy tools are developed , in the meantime the clock is ticking away , and the infection is spreading to the Sovereign Debt of other countries – even as far away as Japan .
Basically M. Strauss
Kahn seems to feel that the EU Commission is assuming an unnecessarily high risk , and that the Greek dossier should really have been sent to the IMF as a matter of some urgency .
I can not but agree .
when in doubt , pull a bait and switch ?
Pundits and commentators are still perplexed by Ken Ham and his temple of ignorance , and keep setting out on a snipe hunt for a deep , complicated reason why he created it .
For his article in Vanity Fair , British writer and critic A. A. Gill took a trip to Ken Ham ’s grand temple to Biblical literalism and fundamentalist indoctrination ; the Creation Museum .
And needless to say , he ’s not impressed by either the heavy handed preaching , the appeals to emotion in the exhibits , or the exhibits themselves .
This , according to him , is taking whatever inspiration the high flying metaphors of the Bible could offer to the faithful and inspire amateur scientists to study the world around them in search of existential answers , and reducing them down to simplistic , bombastic proselytizing for the sake of proselytizing .
Despite passionately insisting that they ’re just better at interpreting the same volumes of scientific evidence studied in colleges and research labs across the world , everything the Creation Museum is about can be summarized in just one question .
After PZ Myers and a group of atheists and agnostics took a look at the museum for themselves , I tried to give an answer to this false dichotomy and that answer boiled down to only one thing .
Creationists do n’t just have dissenting opinions on the evidence for evolution and modern cosmology .
They have a worldview they want to defend and whenever we challenge their ideas , the comfort they take in their assurance that they have almost everything in this universe figured out thanks to a manual from its creator is suddenly shaken .
They hate that .
They hate that very much .
For them science is only good when it can be either twisted to justify their views and opinions , or when it does n’t concern anything they passionately guard from scientific inspection .
Because the vulnerability they feel when their beliefs are questioned is so deep but they know that the word science has to be somewhere in the mix for anyone to take them seriously , they stage science fairs minus the actual science by mandating that participants discard any scientific concept contradicting the Bible in their entries .
And it was this attempt to seem scientific without compromising their beliefs on which the Vanity Fair piece quickly focused when describing their museum itself .
One very interesting thing to Gill seems to be the fact that instead of incorporating religious elements into the museum ’s appearance to those about to enter it , Ham chose a secular motif of a scientific institution , trying to somehow dress up his blatantly transparent intentions in a veneer of scientific credibility .
This is Ham ’s good , old trick of repeatedly using the word science and pretending he actually cares about it .
You can see this in a few of his publications which employ an astrophysicist who jumps from sound science to gibberish in just two sentences , and someone who claims to be a former space program engineer who converted into full blown fundamentalism after being swayed by “ the evidence he saw in his long line of work ” but does n’t seem to have a grasp of even middle school level astronomy .
And what happens when you point out all their errors ?
Why they simply jam their fingers further and further down their ear canals and start screaming louder to tune out those nasty naturalists and skeptics .
For example , take the creationist science teacher who decided to justify that the Bible is perfectly compatible with modern science on this blog , arguing that because they ’re so compatible , he should have the right to turn his science class into Christian Theology 101 .
After reading a counter - argument for the examples he provided can you guess what his reply was ?
It is obvious your ignorance of science is superceded by your ignorance of the Bible .
I ’ve gleamed from your comments that I need to be more fervent in my efforts to make positive [ that ] all students understand the evidence supporting the existence of God and His creation .
Even though he had n’t made a single scientific assertion and actually got several things wrong about tectonic plate movements and the classification of cetaceans , I ’m the ignorant one and it ’s his duty to make sure that his view of the world is treated as gospel .
There was n’t even a single counter - argument or attempt to create a real exchange .
Just an outraged insult and a promise to shout his arrogant ignorance louder to his students .
And so it seems that the evidence for God is so powerful that students ca n’t be allowed to be taught only facts or be left alone to make up their own minds because they ’ll choose wrong .
Unless of course “ make up their own minds ” is used as a euphemism that they ’ll be indoctrinated into creationism and fed distortions of what evolutionary and cosmological theories entail by someone who lacks the requisite knowledge in those areas .
This is the goal of our creationist teacher and Ken Ham .
Their questions about evidence and pleas for open - minded inquiry are just cheap bait and switch .
And believe it or not , so would be our insistence that religious tenets and science are always compatible and we never have to choose between one or the other …
Note ..
If you turn it on and play a game with 150 + planets ..
i suggest turning the dip rate down .
Or its too easy lol .
3.5 hours with 150 + planets and didnt take out any AIs .
Check the options .
Last speed one changes the rate .
During pre-Islamic Arabia , the Arabs were so ashamed of having daughters , that they would bury their new born daughters alive .
The above is an example of how the Prophet of Islam changed the attitudes of the people during that time & emphasized the importance of the role of women in society .
One would have thought that after centuries of progress mankind would have matured enough to realise the role that the women plays is critical for a healthy society .
Yet in many places around the world , the role of the women is still seen as inferior .
This has resulted in an alarming rate of female fetuses being aborted .
We need to introspect our attitudes and culture , because a society that does not value their women , will always be limited in their growth .
Did you like this comic ?
Copy this Code to add the above Comic to your Blog / Website :
{code type=html}
{/ code}
Domestic Violence , Domestic Violence and Children , Restraining Orders
The Domestic Violence Industry ’s War on Men
By painting all males as brutes , feminists hope to reduce half the population to a state of dhimmitude .
The industry that has grown up around domestic violence ( DV ) , or , as it is more precisely situated these days in research circles , intimate partner violence ( IPV ) , began in good faith decades ago as a legitimate campaign to help women trapped in abusive relationships .
Over the years , as the triumphalist feminist revolution ’s long march through the institutions of the West proceeded with eerily unchallenged vigor , DV emerged as a highly politicized touchstone justifying women ’s entitlements — legal , economic , familial — at the expense of boys ’ and men ’s human rights .
A tipping point in the DV chronology , when the focus amongst militant feminists shifted from helping individual women to the more totalitarian ambition of reducing the male population to cultural dhimmitude , can be traced back in time to December 6 , 1989 , and in space to a school two miles north of my front door .
December 6 , 2009 , marked the 20th anniversary of a unique tragedy in Western history , the systematic massacre of 14 women engineering students , with injury to 13 others , at Montreal ’s École Polytechnique by a lone young gunman , Marc Lepine , who killed himself at the end of his shooting spree .
As an act of violence against women , the Montreal Massacre had no prequel or sequel .
Lepine — his real name was Gamil Gharbi , but Lepine chose to identify with his québécois mother rather than his brutal , misogynistic , Algerian - born father — was a sociopath , unaligned with any faith , political movement , or identity grievance group .
He was no jihadi .
Although one could argue that the massacre presented elements of an honor killing , Lepine ’s crime was essentially sui generis .
Ironically enough , if he were a jihadi , feminists would have been stymied in their rush to collective judgment , for the standard reflex following jihadist incidents is to repudiate any linkage of the act with Islam and to warn against expressions of Islamophobia .
But in the case of the Montreal Massacre , a diametrically opposed instinct prevailed .
Because Lepine ’s only distinguishing feature was his maleness , the tragedy sanctioned unbridled hostility toward all heterosexual men .
Indeed , for elite feminist apparatchiks , then in their most muscular and misandric phase , bliss it was in that bloody Montreal dawn to be alive .
Brazenly , without bothering to adduce any substantiating chain of evidence , there being none , feminist spokeswomen linked the horrific crime of a lone sociopath to the general phenomenon of domestic violence against women .
Marc Lepine “ became ” all men who want to control women — eventually all heterosexual men — and December 6 achieved instant sacralised status as a day of national mourning that , for fevered rhetoric and solemnity , eclipsed even 9/11 memorials .
As I wrote in a December 2007 National Post column :
By contrast [ to Americans ’ lessening interest in 9/11 memorials ] , the Canadian public never seems to weary of the annual December 6 tribute to the 1989 Montreal Polytechnique shooting massacre of 14 women .
Indeed , 12/6 ’s branding power burgeons with every anniversary :
The theme of violence against women dominates the media ; new physical memorials are constructed ; additional programs decrying domestic violence against women are entrenched in school curricula ; masses of white ribbons are distributed ; more stringent gun control is more strenuously urged .
Their cumulative effect is to link all Canadian men to a global conspiracy against women of jihadist proportions .
Feminists everywhere in the West appropriated its emotive themes to lend greater credence to an already widespread pernicious tripartite myth : namely , that all men — the “ patriarchy ” — are inherently prone to violence against women , that all women are potential victims of male aggression , and that female violence against men is never unprovoked , but always an act of self - defense against overt or covert male aggression .
The unspoken corollary to these falsehoods is that violence perpetrated against males , whether by other males or by females , is deemed unworthy of official recognition or more than minimal legal redress , and that while female suffering must be acknowledged as socially intolerable , male suffering may not make a parallel moral claim .
In fact , as any number of peer - reviewed research and government statistics make clear , although women are far more likely to report domestic abuse , equal numbers of men and women experience some form of DV during their lifetimes ; men and women initiate abuse in equal measure ; and far from any inherent “ patriarchal ” instinct to control women , DV — in Judeo - Christian culture at any rate — is almost always attributable to individual psychological dysfunction ( see citation for Abusegate RADAR report below ) .
Page 1 of 2 Next ->
Barbara Kay is a weekly columnist in the comment pages of Canada ’s National Post newspaper .
Pajamas Media » The Domestic Violence Industry ’s War on Men .
WASHINGTON  President Obama ’s plan to create jobs and rein in energy costs through a steep increase in money for weatherizing the homes of low - income Americans has so far borne little fruit , with many of the biggest states meeting less than 2 percent of their three - year goals to date , the Department of Energy ’s inspector general said in a reportTuesday .
The inspector general , Gregory H. Friedman , called the lack of progress “ alarming . ”
Far into the nation ’s winter heating season , the program for the most part has neither saved energy nor put people to work , Mr. Friedman wrote .
“ The job creation impact of what was considered to be one of the department ’s most ‘ shovel ready ’ projects has not materialized , ” the report said .
The assessment , issued a year after the weatherization program was created under the fiscal Recovery Act , comes as Congress moves toward passing a second bill to stimulate employment .
Republicans and Democrats have been arguing over whether that second bill will add enough jobs in time to help revive the economy .
US Predator drones have killed hundreds of suspected terrorists in Pakistan in recent years .
Iran 's sworn enemy Israel uses drones for reconnaisance .
But it was not immediately clear what purpose the Iranian drones would serve .
Kent Police have apologised for wrongly arresting , handcuffing and strip - searching a man outside a nightclub .
Alioune Haynes , formerly of Gillingham , who is a former diversity advisor to the force , also received an out of court settlement of £ 8,500 .
He said he was searched at the Chatham club in 2006 because he was black and made a complaint against an officer .
In a letter to Mr Haynes , Kent Police Assistant Chief Constable Allyn Thomas said the actions were " unjustified " .
' Inhumane strip search ' Mr Thomas said : " We sincerely regret the physical and emotional injury caused to you during the arrest and subsequent strip search on March 25 , 2006 and acknowledge that our actions were unjustified .
" Please accept our sincerest apologies in relation to these events and we trust that you can now put the matter behind you . "
Mr Haynes , who was a DJ at the Chatham club , said the strip search was " inhumane " and he had refused to take a drug test because he was being unfairly singled out because he was black .
The month before he had given one of several diversity talks to Kent Police .
An off - duty black police officer , who was a friend of Mr Haynes , was also strip - searched after visiting the nightclub in 25 March , 2006 , and filed an official report about the incident .
Two officers were due to appear at a disciplinary hearing in June 2008 , but it was halted for legal reasons .
Following the apology Mr Haynes , who now lives in Canada , said : " In some ways they [ Kent Police ] tried to push it to the side but the fact that they have had to come out and do this obviously shows that they do accept some type of responsibility for what 's gone on .
" I hope that the force as a whole looks forward to actually making a difference in the way that they behaviour towards people from ethnic minority backgrounds . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I ’ve just got a Lisp ( well , Lisp or Scheme , or somewhere in between ) interpreter that I wrote in Go to a stable state .
It does n’t have very many features and it ’s hardly documented at all .
It ’s also , most likely , full of bugs .
You can grab it here .
This post will briefly summarise some of my experiences in writing the thing .
Defining the basic behaviour is quite straightforward , and requires significantly less ceremony than many other languages , particularly static ones .
The type system , in particular , is quite friendly to this task .
For instance , defining an environment ( a mapping from symbols to values ) is as simple as
type Environment map [ Symbol ]
Any
where symbols are just aliases on strings , and Any is an alias for the empty interface .
Not bad , although to get the full behaviour for lexical scoping , some mechanism of threading environments together had to be found .
I came up with a Context object , that links an environments to a “ parent ” environment .
Then looking up a symbol is a breadth - first search through this structure .
When Lisp manipulates environments , it is actually affecting Context objects .
The Context type doubles as an interpreter : creation via NewContext is for threading environments together , while creation via New creates a Context that can be used as an interpreter .
Of course , functions are a crucial part of any Lisp system .
Anything that follows the Function interface can be called by Lisp :
type Function interface {
Apply ( args Any ) Any
}
The args parameter there is a list .
Two such types are provided .
There is a Primitive type , that ’s just a function with the same signature as that Apply method .
There is also a closure type , which is not directly accessible from outside the library , and is created by lambda expressions within the language .
A function , WrapPrimitive , takes a function that could take up to five arguments , and returns a Primitive object that parses the arguments passed in as well as some basic error checking .
A WrapPrimitives function takes a map from strings to such functions , and returns an Environment object .
The primitives .
go file demonstrates how pleasant these two functions make writing primitive functions for this Lisp system .
Functions created by lambda expressions are tail - recursive .
I defined the syntax in terms of two other libraries I had written , a simple Thompson NFA ( à la grep or awk ) and a PEG parser .
This made the description of the syntax feel quite declarative .
It certainly felt easier to write than previous forays into parsing Lisp expressions .
Given how easy they are to parse , that means it was pretty darned easy .
A few things are missing , like the quoting shorthand syntax .
Evaluation proceeds in two steps : there is an expansion step , where applicable macros are executed ( note : this is currently untested ) and an eval step , which is a pretty naïve interpreter design .
There are seven built - in syntactic forms : quote , if , lambda , set ! , define and begin .
I believe the rest can be implemented in terms of the language itself , but we ’ll see .
I have n’t yet written a standard library for it , to make programming in it even vaguely pleasant .
So far , of the things people seem to moan about most about Go , I have n’t missed generics at all , and exceptions only slightly .
Having to manually check if an error has been raised all the time does get tiresome , but honestly the rest of the language more than makes up for their absence .
I essentially added exceptions into the Lisp interpreter , which sounds OK , but compared to conditions / restarts or continuations are a bit humble really .
When I tested out recursion not in tail position , I was greeted with lots of paging , rather than any error informing me that I ’d blown the stack , so I may need to add that in manually as well .
Go is a pretty good language to write an interpreter for a dynamic language in .
Given that it has garbage collection , first - class functions , a hashmap type and support for dynamic types built - in , you ’re off to a running start .
The worldwide offshore rig fleet is expected to expand in the near term to meet demand in the upstream oil and gas sector .
This year alone will usher in some 57 newly built rigs ordered near the peak of the cycle several years ago .
However , since the credit crunch and commodity price collapse , virtually no new rig orders have been placed since late 2008 , the tail end of a peak period for newbuild orders .
While few datapoints are available with which to gauge newbuild pricing , anecdotal evidence and comments from rig contractors indicates that construction costs have come off their peak in the ordering frenzy of the 2005 - 2008 newbuild cycle .
A newbuild rig today would likely cost anywhere from 15 % to 20 % below peak levels .
In the chart below , average offshore rig costs by year of order for the existing fleet show the inflation in the latest newbuild cycle -- one of the largest in offshore history .
An estimation of where costs would be if a typical rig were ordered today is also charted below .
Besides the obvious supply chain impacts of lower finished product costs , it is worth noting that new construction , or replacement , costs also factor into determining leading dayrates as returns on capital are considered while negotiating rig contracts .
Location : San Francisco , California , USA
This is August in his box at 12 weeks old .
We still have the box , and he ’ll still climb in it sometimes , but now , at seven months old , he does n’t really fit !
( He has grown into his ears a bit since this picture though ! )
August is my sweet little lover boy .
He is the most affectionate , loving kitten I ’ve ever met .
His sister Lucy ’s my feisty little spitfire .
I would have loved to submit a pic of both my kittens , but Lucy does n’t sit still long enough for a good picture .
All the ones I have of her she ’s either asleep or blurry .
I met August & Lucy at an adoption fair in front of a supermarket a few months ago .
I ’d been planning to get milk & eggs at the store , not kittens , but I instantly and absolutely fell in love with August & Lucy that day , and knew I was theirs forever .
I am a life - long cat lover who adopted her first stray at age four ( and was so determined my parents could n’t stop me ) , but when I met August & Lucy I ’d been living without cats for four years , the longest I ’ve ever been without furballs in my life .
Now that I have little August & little Lucy , I ca n’t understand why I waited four years .
Both of them pounce on me every morning when my alarm goes off , kneading and purring and knowing full well I am a sucker for kitten cuddles when I ’m first waking up .
How did I ever live without this ?
Paul : ' The revolution is alive and well '
Ron Paul supporters came out in force on Friday , chanting their support for the Texas Republican congressman .
Paul was the only speaker so far to fill the entire convention hall at the Conservative Political Action Conference , and some of his supporters were turned away after the room reached its capacity of 1,100 people .
Advertisement
With the conference running an hour behind , Paul ’s army assembled early , occasionally breaking into chants of “ end the Fed ” as other speakers tried to address the crowd .
Once Paul finally took the stage – following appearances Friday by some of the conservative movement ’s brightest stars – the crowd was louder and more raucous in their support for Paul than they had been for most of the other speakers combined .
“ Sounds to me like the revolution is alive and well , ” Paul said , beaming after taking the stage to Queen ’s “ We will rock you . ”
Paul hit all of his themes , rattling off criticisms the monetary and foreign policies of both President Barack Obama and Republicans in Congress .
“ Debt is the monster , debt is what is going to eat us up and that ’s why our economy is on the brink , ” Paul said .
“ The next step is a currency crisis because there will be a rejection of the dollar and the rejection of the dollar will be a big , big event . ”
On foreign policy , Paul urged a pullback from American obligations around the world .
“ We are now spending one trillion dollars a year to manage our world empire , ” he said .
“ There is nothing wrong with being a conservative and having a conservative belief in foreign policy where we have a strong national defense and do n’t go to war so carelessly . ”
Despite his criticism of Republicans , Paul said he is very optimistic about the party ’s chances in November , heralding the tea party movement and a resurgent conservatism movement .
“ This is a different year than any year we have experienced before , ” he said .
“ By the end of this year , I think this country will be a lot better off . ”
This article tagged under : Ron Paul
Politics
When the Saints make their triumphant return to New Orleans for a victory parade on Tuesday , the crowds are expected to be so enormous that the city will be shut down for everything else .
When the Colts returned to Indianapolis today , they were greeted by a somewhat more subdued crowd .
According to the Indianapolis Star , a grand total of 11 people showed up at Indianapolis International Airport when the team returned this afternoon .
The 11 die - hard fans were n’t allowed to get close to the players ; they were held behind a security fence hundreds of feet away .
Lord Neuberger had attacked MI5 and the Foreign Office in a draft version of a ruling in which he and two other judges threw out an attempt by Mr Miliband to censor information about MI5 ’s alleged complicity in the torture of Binyam Mohamed , who was released from Guantánamo Bay last year .
Many blame candidate Martha Coakley herself , whose campaign they say was caught napping after last month 's primary .
Finger - pointing begins for Dems
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . —
As voters head to the polls in Massachusetts , nervous Democrats have already begun to blame one another for putting at risk the Senate seat Ted Kennedy held for more than 40 years .
Many angry Democrats blame their candidate , state Attorney General Martha Coakley , for running a sluggish campaign that let Republican Scott Brown set the contours of the race .
Advertisement
Some Democratic strategists lay the fault at the feet of President Barack Obama , saying he should have done more to sell the party ’s agenda .
And in private conversations , Hill sources say White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel has blamed Coakley , the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and Democratic pollster Celinda Lake for failing to see Brown ’s surge in time to stop it .
“ With the legislative and political stakes so high , it ’s unbelievable that the Senate committee and White House let this race get so out of hand , ” said one senior Washington Democrat .
“ There ’s a lot of blame to go around .
Martha Coakley is only one of the problems here . ”
Coakley is at the center of the criticism .
Democrats complain that her campaign was caught napping after last month ’s primary — and that Brown was able to use the pause to shape the race .
“ A malaise set in , and there was a failure to take advantage of the opportunity to define yourself the next day ” after the primary , said longtime Rep. Richard Neal ( D - Mass . ) .
“ You thank people for the primary and then begin to define the next six weeks . ”
Added Neal : “ Going dark was not a great idea . ”
Although DSCC Chairman Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) was still predicting victory Monday , even he conceded that it would have been “ better ” if Coakley had laid out the differences between the candidates earlier .
He said Democrats have learned a crucial lesson : that even in very blue states , Democrats should expect a “ volatile ” environment with a “ tough ” electorate — and “ you ca n’t afford not to be aggressive . ”
“ You have to define your opponent before they define themselves , ” Menendez said .
“ In Brown ’s case , he ’s working hard to try to disguise himself . ”
Menendez learned that the race was tightening about a week and a half ago , when independent pollsters returned results showing the race much tighter than Democratic polls had been portraying .
He acted quickly — unleashing more than $ 2.5 million into the race , including $ 1.4 million in television ads in the past week alone , according to sources familiar with the effort .
The DSCC also dispatched senior staff to take tighter control of the Coakley campaign , bolster her get - out - the - vote efforts , improve her fundraising and enhance coordination between the White House and the campaign .
As a result , the tone of her ads and her stump speech were sharpened in an attempt to define Brown in the minds of the voters as a far - right Republican out of touch with the state ’s mainstream voters .
“ Look , we ’re never in place of a campaign ; a candidate has to run their own race , ” Menendez told POLITICO .
“ When the alarm bells went off , we sprung into action . ”
Emanuel has told his confidants that those bells rang too late — and that both Menendez and Lake , who declined to be interviewed , should have been moving sooner .
But the White House itself is facing a barrage of criticism among Democrats , with many saying that Obama has let the GOP frame the issues — particularly health care — in the minds of many independent voters , including those who elected Republican governors in Virginia and New Jersey in the fall .
“ We lost independents in Virginia , we lost independents in New Jersey and we ’re losing independents in Massachusetts , ” said one Democratic campaign strategist .
“ The only thing those three states have in common is Obama . ”
The Democratic National Committee , which spent at least $ 750,000 almost exclusively on get - out - the - vote efforts , has also faced criticism for not dispatching its resources early enough .
Democrats recognize the difficulty any candidate would have had , given the political headwinds blowing against the party at the moment .
Still , they argue that the race was still very much winnable and that a veteran pol such as Rep. Michael Capuano — who was trounced by Coakley in the primary — would not have let Brown define the race .
Instead , they complain that Coakley effectively ceded to her opponent the day - to - day news coverage — what political pros call “ earned media ” — by not taking him seriously enough until it was too late .
Coakley was so confident , noted one fuming Democrat , that she even stopped the critical task of identifying supporters on the phone following the primary — the very foundation on which she should have structured her turnout operation .
Brown , a little - known Republican state senator , used the opening to cultivate a regular - guy image , most vividly rendered in what became the campaign ’s defining ad — that of the candidate driving around Massachusetts in his well - worn GMC truck .
And while Brown , who is actually an attorney and is married to a local news broadcaster , was defining his just - folks persona , Coakley was committing a series of gaffes that made her seem politically out of touch or at least tone - deaf .
Asked about why she was not spending more time with voters , Coakley jabbed at Brown for having greeted hockey fans who attended a special outdoor game between the Boston Bruins and the Philadelphia Flyers .
“ As opposed to standing outside Fenway Park ?
In the cold ?
Shaking hands ? ” she said .
Such one - on - one interaction with voters is the lifeblood of this state ’s politics , and mocking the idea of braving the cold at Boston ’s iconic baseball stadium seemed bizarre given the tens of thousands of voters who did just that to see the game .
“ She had a humanity deficit as a cold campaigner , but they did n’t try to warm her up — or , instead , define the race about big issues — and instead ended up with a referendum on likability , ” said one Massachusetts Democratic veteran .
J.B. Poersch , executive director of the DSCC , acknowledged that Democrats did n’t do enough to portray Coakley as an “ independent voice ” for Massachusetts .
That allowed Brown to grab the “ change ” mantle — and to appeal to voters upset over the direction of the country .
“ We just did n’t use the primary to set her up as a change agent enough , ” Poersch said .
But Poersch strongly defended the committee ’s efforts , saying “ we , more than anybody , represented the difference in spending . ”
“ We were the principal funders of her field program , ” Poersch said .
“ And my political director was side by side with her campaign manager ” doing voter turnout .
Party officials say Monday ’s debate and some subsequent Coakley gaffes may have done her in .
When moderator David Gergen asked Brown about the “ Kennedy seat , ” the Republican shot back that it was actually “ the people ’s seat . ”
The line became a populist rallying cry for both Brown and his supporters .
Coakley , meanwhile , hurt herself at the debate by suggesting that there were not currently any terrorists in Afghanistan .
More missteps followed , each of which amplified her weaknesses : leaving the state to attend a lobbyist - packed Washington fundraiser — which became a Brown ad ; suggesting Catholics with strong views on contraception should n’t work in emergency rooms ; appearing not to know that former Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling was , in fact , a player for the Red Sox .
A candidate who was not a part of the Beacon Hill boys club , had no ties to Washington and had little in the way of a relationship with the Kennedys somehow managed to be cast as the ultimate insider .
“ Massachusetts is n’t insulated from the anti-incumbent sentiment nationwide , but this was a race that a competent candidate would have won without panic or palpitations , ” said a Massachusetts Democratic hand .
Hall plays a vigilante murder scene analyst
Actor Michael C. Hall , who stars in US TV show Dexter , has announced that he has been battling cancer and is in remission from the disease .
The 38 - year - old said he had been diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma , which he described as a " treatable and curable condition " .
His spokesman said Hall was in complete remission but would continue treatment .
In his award - nominated role , he plays Dexter Morgan , a Miami police analyst who moonlights as a serial killer .
In a statement to People magazine , Hall said : " I feel fortunate to have been diagnosed with an imminently [ sic ] treatable and curable condition , and I thank my doctors and nurses for their expertise and care " .
Hall , who also starred in the long - running US drama Six Feet Under , still plans to attend Sunday 's Golden Globes , with his wife Jennifer Carpenter - who plays his sister on the show .
He is nominated for best dramatic actor , while the show is on the shortlist for best drama .
A fifth series of Dexter is due to go into production later in the year .
February 5 , 2010
Emily Caruso reports on how police in San Francisco raided a fundraising party for student activists fighting fee hikes and layoffs in the University of California system .
POLICE ATTACKED a political fundraising event on January 30 , bringing chaos to a peaceful evening in San Francisco .
Due to the number of student occupations erupting in California , many students have risked arrest and are in need of defense fees .
In an effort to fundraise for multiple defense campaigns across the Bay Area , student activists from University of California - Santa Cruz , University of California - Berkeley and San Francisco State University organized a benefit party in San Francisco .
The peaceful benefit took place in a rented two - tier gallery space .
In the bottom level , a sound system was set up , and the area was converted into a dance hall .
Above , people were enjoying the social atmosphere and mingling with other students from around the Bay .
Students from San Francisco State University volunteered to promote and run the event , but unfortunately , security was n't tight enough , for police abruptly ended the party .
Around 1 a.m. , police arrived at the door of the space and ordered an immediate evacuation .
Within five minutes of their arrival , they busted through the main doors , which had previously been closed and locked .
When the owner of the gallery space asked to see a warrant , he was put into a pain - hold , thrown on the ground and arrested .
A younger female officer , who was dressed as a civilian with just a badge hanging around her neck , was pushing and shoving people out of the gallery and into the street .
Students support a building occupation at San Francisco State University in December ( Luz Clemente | Indybay.org )
" I was , as I believe everyone else was , completely unprepared for the amount of unnecessary force used , " said San Francisco State University Freshman Carolina Hicks .
" It was police storming in on a dance party put together by students for the benefit of other students . "
Officer Samson Chan of the San Francisco Police Department justified the intervention by claiming , " Initially , we had numerous complaints about a large fight outside of the venue . "
However , partygoers recall the night continuing peacefully until police arrived .
While the space was being vacated , people began yelling at the police for their use of violence .
When people screamed , " Fuck the police ! " officers responded with brutality , and arrested people for " inciting violence . "
Chan claimed that " police officers were highly outnumbered .
It got to a point where officers called for emergency assistance . "
" Emergency assistance " consisted of more than 10 police cars speeding to the gallery , with sirens blaring , from all directions simultaneously .
This sparked fear among those in attendance , so most people ran from the scene as fast as they could -- with some officers chasing the students on foot .
" I think that because the party was advertised so openly on the streets as well as on campus , my suspicion is that [ the police ] were well - informed of the political nature of the party and its purpose , " Hicks said .
" Why else would they have reacted so strongly to some group of college kids ?
" I felt that something really positive and peaceful turned very ugly , very fast ... Within a matter of minutes , the attitude turned from a great party , where people were socializing and making positive connections , to a very genuine fear of ' Where should I hide from the police chasing after me ? ' and ' Why am I even having to run ? '
The police did nothing but provoke . "
The best place to buy shirataki noodles is your local Japanese grocery , supermarket or specialist store .
They may be available as dry noodles and / or powdered glucomannan ( basically , Japanese yam flour , which can be used as an alternative to cornflour ) .
But , the most common and easiest form to work with is shirataki noodles which have been packaged in water .
They might also be packed in a slab form .
They might be kept in the fridge section of the store , although technically , non - tofu noodles should n't go off even without refrigeration .
Noodles with tofu do need to be kept in the fridge and used within a few days .
Often they are n't labeled ' shirataki ' , although if the proprietors of the store are Japanese they will know what you want if you ask for them by name .
I 've seen ' sirataki ' and ' yam powder noodle ' and they are also known as konjac or konnyaku noodles .
Sometimes , especially online , the noodles are put under " vegetable products " rather than " noodles " although as they are becoming more popular they are being placed more prominently .
I 've grouped sellers under different countries , but a lot of the major websites listed under the United States and the UK will ship overseas , so be sure to check them out .
USA and Canada Shirataki Sources
MiracleNoodle sells a very wide range of shirataki noodle products , including konjac flour and a rice size version .
They also deliver in Australia and Canada .
They will give you 40 % off your order if you sign up to have a regular , monthly delivery of noodles through their Auto - ship member program .
Peapod sells them , and delivers to a few states in the USA .
Low Carb Connoisseur delivers worldwide , but their shipping outside the US and Canada seems to be very expensive .
( $ 100 to send a $ 3 pack of noodles to New Zealand ?
No thanks ! )
The Asian Food Grocer also sells the noodles and delivers to most of the USA .
They have quite a wide range , including tofu noodles , and ready made noodle meals .
Their prices are quite reasonable .
LoCarb - You Foods , in spite of their silly name , have a fairly wide range of noodles and some packs have free shipping ( unfortunately , they ship within the US only ) .
Alternatively you can buy them from Amazon , or eBay as shown below .
UK Shirataki Sources
The Low Carb Megastore also has them , but are also often out of stock !
Japanese Kitchen is yet another online store that sells the noodles , and yet again is often sold out of them .
However , they do usually have slabs in stock .
Remember , the slabs are made of the same stuff as the noodles , they just are n't cut into strips ( something you can do at home ) .
These guys deliver to the UK and all European Union countries .
I 'll continue to seek out places that UK 'ers can get a regular noodle fix .
Australian Sources
Online
Ichiba Junction , an online Asian food store has them and will deliver within Australia .
They have big packs of dried noodles , or the usual small wet packs .
Perth
Kongs in East Victoria
Park sells shirataki noodles ( thanks , Lee ! )
Brisbane
I 'm told the Formosa Asian Market , in Sunnybank sells the noodles .
New Zealand Sources
Online
The Asian Food Warehouse sells both noodles and the block form ; they are based in Christchurch so the delivery fee is less there .
Update Currently this website is down , I suspect because the company was affected by the Christchurch earthquake .
I 'm going to leave the link here in case they get back on their feet and need the customers .
Edible Planet has one type of noodle , for $ 4 at a $ 9 shipping charge ( seems to be less in the south island ) .
The good news is that it looks like that $ 9 is a flat rate , so you can order by the boxful if you want .
Auckland
If you live in Auckland , I can confirm that JapanMart in Sylvia Park definitely has them , both the white noodles , the brown noodles , and both colors of ' block ' which is like a block of tofu and can be sliced into pieces of whatever size you want .
JapanMart is also in Newmarket , so they probably have them too .
I think they were about $ 3 but I forgot to write that down .
Made in Nippon on Queen
St also has them according to their website but I have not confirmed this .
Tauranga
I 've also bought the noodles ( white and brown ) in Tauranga in an Asian food store , but forgot to write down the name .
Sorry I can't be more specific !
New Plymouth
Never was able to find them in New Plymouth .
Wellington
Japan City in Cuba Mall has shirataki noodles and blocks !
They are about $ 3.60 I think .
Asiana Metro on Tennyson Street , which is around the corner from Tory Street near Courtenay Place has them for the cheapest I 've seen in NZ so far at $ 2.47 for a standard bag .
Unfortunately , they are new so the website is still under construction .
They had the standard range with noodles and slabs available .
I will continue to update this as I find places where they are available .
I will only be able to directly confirm the places in New Zealand though , and mostly Wellington and surrounds at the moment .
If you know other places they are available anywhere in the world write it in the comments please !
Thanks for all your help .
What We Do
Portland Fruit Tree Project is a grassroots 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit gleaning organization that provides a community - based solution to a critical and growing need in Portland and beyond : access to healthy food .
By empowering neighbors to share in the harvest and care of urban fruit trees , we are preventing waste , building community knowledge and resources , and creating sustainable ways to obtain healthy , locally - grown food .
Through our Harvest Program and Partnerships , we strive to improve the quality of life for people in Portland through the shared harvest and equitable distribution of one of our city ’s greatest natural resources : fresh fruit !
Why it Matters
One in seven Oregonians faces food insecurity .
Of the approximately 552,900 Oregonians who are food insecure , over 35 % are children .
And even more , people struggle to afford fresh produce , which is critical to healthful eating and prevention of diet - related disease .
Portland Fruit Tree Project provides fresh fruit to those most in need in our community .
Developing Arrested .
( Now with 45 % more illusions ! )
Well .
“ Arrested Development ” was an amazing show .
For those who have n’t seen it ( and for shame to all of you ! ) , it revolved around the wealthy Bluth family and their legal woes revolving around patriarch George Bluth Sr. ( Jeffrey Tambor ) .
The show was famous for it ’s inside jokes , subtle references , and irreverent humour – all stemming from a ridiculous cast of characters who were ( barely ) held in check by the stoic , but terminally put upon middle son , Michael Bluth ( Jason Bateman . )
The show had easily one of the greatest core ensembles I ’ve ever witnessed on a television show ; from the beautiful but spoiled sister ( Portia DiRossi ) to her clueless actor / analrapist husband ( David Cross ) , the cast gelled with perfect chemistry .
But the real beauty of “ Arrested Development ” was n’t just the Bluth family .
It was also the unforgettable rogue ’s gallery of supporting characters surrounding them that added to the shows treasure trove of “ wtf ? ” moments .
The Bluths were a bizarre family to be sure , but it was somehow comforting to know that they were the rule , not the exception – their world , in Orange County , California , was brimming with a host of other lunatics , some of which were far more outrageous than any single member of the Bluth family tree .
So , here now are my picks highlighting these outlandish citizens of the O.C. ( do n’t call it that . )
Fifteen characters , who ’s sole purpose it would seem , was to simply make the Bluths look normal by comparison .
Fifteen : Stan Sitwell .
( Ed Begley Jr. )
Funny in his own right , Stan Sitwell is the hairless CEO of Sitwell Enterprises , a rival housing company to the Bluths .
But it ’s the pun in his name , combined with the pun in the name of Lucille Austero ’s own company Standpoor that showcases the small joke details
these writers will go to any lengths to reach .
Sitwell / Standpoor ?
Throwaway ?
Maybe .
Corny ?
More than likely .
Solid gold ?
ABSOLUTELY .
And that weird little name dropping business is actually one of the more obvious gags on the show , so that ’s saying something too .
Fourteen : Wayne Jarvis . ( John Michael Higgins . )
John Michael Higgins , a veteran of improv including many Christopher Guest movies , is always pretty damn solid .
No exception here , playing first the Bluth ’s defense attorney , and then their prosecutor with straight - faced gusto .
What else can you say about a man once called “ the worst audience participant
Cirque du Soleil ever had ? ”
He may not have found their buffoonery amusing , but we find his to be just fine indeed .
Thirteen : J. Walter Weatherman .
( Steve Ryan . )
I think it ’s safe to say that the only person on the planet who ’s more deranged than a father who would use a one - armed man to teach his children grotesque lessons about minute infractions , is a one - armed man who would happily oblige him .
Whether it ’s yelling , forgetting to leave a note , or even teaching people lessons , you can always depend on J. Walter Weatherman and his prosthetic arm to be there , ready to have it gruesomely ripped off to prove some insane point – always followed by his gruff summary of whatever ridiculous lesson was supposedly being taught .
Twelve : Dr. Fishman . ( Ian Roberts . )
Also known as “ Dr. Wordsmith ” , this terribly literal doctor seems to always be working whatever shift at the hospital it is that requires him to deal directly
with the Bluths in any time of need .
His schtick is to say something to the concerned family that seems perfectly straightforward , and could n’t possibly be misinterpreted in any way , and then seem confused when the family does n’t react the way he would assume they would .
For example : When Buster was attacked by a loose seal , and he proclaimed the youngest Bluth to be “ all right . ”
Confused at the family ’s immediate relief , he then revealed that he was going to be “ all right ” because the seal had bitten off his left hand .
It ’s a recurring gag that somehow never gets old , and always leaves the family screaming at him , and demanding a different physician , while he calmly states that this is how he pictured them reacting to the bad news .
Eleven : Ann Paul Veal .
( Mae Whitman . )
Perhaps the only character on this list who ’s so memorable for being so unmemorable , Ann Veal ( sometimes affectionately referred to as Egg , Yam , Annhog , Annabell , Plant , Bland , Plain , etc. ) was the girl who ’s face will be forever etched in George Micheal ’s mind .
More hilarious for the family ’s collective reaction to her than for her own merits , Ann was nevertheless the love of young George Micheal ’s life , even if his family could n’t understand why .
From the hilarious nicknames bestowed on her by family members who either could n’t , or were unwilling , to remember her actual name , to Micheal ’s intense , if not somewhat curious , hatred towards her , Ann was responsible for some of the show ’s best , and longest running , gags .
Oh , and she later on dated Gob for some reason .
Her ?
Ten : Franklin . ( Franklin Delano Bluth . )
In a characteristically misguided effort to “ urbanize ” his magic act , Gob briefly utilized a sassy , street - wise African American puppet named Franklin .
Despite not being terribly adept at ventriloquism , and despite Franklin being borderline offensive , Gob nevertheless performs with the puppet at a nightclub in Torrance ( where he receives a severe beating after the show ) and even attempts to record an album with it , called Franklin Comes Alive .
The album ’s only two songs include the duet “ It Ain’t Easy Being White ” ( a song that Gob was hoping would “ break down racial barriers ” ) and a cover of Bryan Adams ’ “ ( Everything I Do ) I Do It For You ” recorded especially for Michael .
Oh , and he also uses Franklin to ( repeatedly ) drug unsuspecting family members with ether .
Nine : Larry Mittleman .
( Bob Einstein . )
Larry , portrayed by the always hilarious Super Dave Osbourne ( Bob Einstein ) is a professional surrogate .
His purpose , you see , is to attend functions for incarcerated executives ( such as George Sr. ) using an earpiece and a camera to allow said executive to speak through him , and keep up to date with what ’s happening .
Funny concept in itself , but it ’s Einstein ’s deadpan , straight - faced delivery of George ’s comments that make Larry such a winner .
Always the professional , Larry never loses his cool and very rarely breaks character – though he has been known to misinterpret George Sr. ’s words from time to time .
It ’s only when he has the undignified task of building a train set with Gob that he finally loses it ..
Gob assumed he was spending quality time with his father ; Buster , who had hijacked Larry , was happy to be spending time with his older brother .
Gob ’s angry comments after finding this out , promptly results in Larry punching Gob in the face .
Eight : Uncle Jack Dorso . ( Martin Short . )
Despite only appearing in one episode , the Bluth ’s “ Uncle Jack ” ( he ’s not their real uncle ) remains one of the most original and bizarre creations of a character I ’ve ever seen , on this show or otherwise .
Brought in by Michael to use his massive wealth ( he owns a series of gyms ) to help the Bluths save their company , Jack is a 90 year old body builder who lost the use of his legs on his 70th birthday ( while performing his annual feat of strength ) and needs to be carried around by a muscular , half - deaf assistant named Dragon .
And if you do n’t find that premise even remotely funny , then there is something seriously wrong with you .
Seven : Kitty Sanchez . ( Judy Greer . )
George Sr. ’s long suffering , and permanently horny secretary is desperate to carry George ’s child ( for whatever reason ) and uses sex as a weapon – despite not being terribly attractive , with or without her glasses , botched ( and cheap ) boob job and all .
Her catchphrase , and another recurring joke on the series that occasionally gets transferred to other characters , is to shout “ you can say good - bye to these ! ” right before she lifts up her shirt to reveal whatever crooked mess lurks beneath it .
She has slept with both George Sr. and Gob ( even though he does n’t find her attractive , and she complains about him being “ girly ” afterward ) , and is convinced that Michael is obsessed with her “ rack ” – which may be true , but it ’s clearly more out of medical curiosity than any sort of sexual attraction .
Oh , and her AA sponsor may or may not be John Larroquette .
Six : Bob Loblaw .
( Scott Baio . )
The Bluth ’s third lawyer , after the quitting of their first , and the dismissal of their second , is the very professional Robert Loblaw .
The name is funny enough , but there ’s even a little bit of an in - joke in the casting .
The Bluths previous attorney , Barry Zuckercorn , was played by Henry Winkler .
So who better to replace the Fonz than Chachi ?
It ’s like the “ Happy Days ” reunion no one ever asked for !
When Bob ’s not representing the Bluths , or simultaneously representing Tobias in his divorce case with Lindsay , he can usually be found working on his blog – the Bob Loblaw Law Blog .
There was a lot of setting up in the series to finally make it to that joke , and by god , it paid off .
Five : Steve Holt ! ( Justin Grant Wade . )
Steve Holt , commonly referred to by himself as Steve Holt ! is Gob ’s illegitimate son , though we do n’t find this out until the second season .
( Michael alludes to it , however , by remarking that Steve is “ basically a young Gob . ”
He is also George Micheal’s
main rival for his cousin Maebe ’s affections – a confusing triangle to begin with , made only more confusing when we learn that Gob is Steve ’s father , thus making Maebe Steve ’s cousin as well .
Over enthusiastic , and prone to yelling inane words of encouragement ( “ there ’s no ‘ i ’ in ‘ win ’ ! ” )
Steve desperately seeks a father figure to bond with – and unfortunately ends up with Gob , who is also seeking a father figure to bond with .
Oh , and he loves magic .
Four : Gene Parmesan . ( Martin Mull . )
Another ridiculous character who sadly only appeared for one episode was Gene Parmesan , Private Detective .
Despite “ being the best ” ( he was , in fact , “ far from the best ” )
Gene is nevertheless hired by Lucille to help track down her husband .
One of Gene ’s many quirks , is to approach Lucille with information , in disguise , dramatically revealing himself to Lucille ’s screams of delight – even if she ’d already correctly guessed his true identity .
It is n’t blatantly stated , but this may be the only reason she continues to employ his services .
Three : Oscar Bluth .
( Jeffrey Tambor . )
George Sr. ’s identical twin , hippie brother , Oscar has lived on handouts his entire life , thus leaving him stress - free – and with a full head of hair that Lucille finds irresistible , and George finds maddening .
It is also revealed that he is Buster ’s biological father – though everybody , including the audience , figures that out long before the youngest Bluth does , thanks to Oscars constant , and blatantly obvious , hints .
Oscar also works really well as a decoy for George , continuously getting jumped by police who mistake him for his fugitive brother .
Since Lucille is cheating on George with Oscar throughout the series , George feels that it ’s simply his right to abuse his brother for his own needs .
Possibly Oscar ’s greatest achievement , however , was penning a song for David Cassidy called “ All You Need Are Smiles ” – an act that had Joan Baez call him “ the shallowest man in the world . ”
Two : Barry Zuckerkorn .
( Henry Winkler . )
Barry is the Bluths lawyer for much of the series , though it seems to be based more on loyalty than actualy skill or use .
Common buzzwords used to describe Barry could be “ inept ” , “ hopeless ” and “ creepy . ”
He seems to lack any real legal knowledge or talent , and has been known to approach cases without being “ super prepared . ”
He is also fond of hanging out at rest stops , which , when mentioned on the show , is immediately followed by a shot of a very dark and sketchy rest stop facility .
He appears to be fond of transvestites , and to some extent Michael Bluth , despite being outwardly homophobic .
He is also known to microwave Ding Dongs with the wrapper still on them , although it is not clear how many times he has attempted this .
One : Carl Weathers .
( Carl Weathers . )
Carl Weathers seems like a good sport .
His appearance on the show not only spoofs struggling actors , but struggling actors such as Carl Weathers .
His thriftiness is evident in his purposely getting bumped from flights – after he discovered that the airline pays passengers who were bumped $ 300 for the inconvenience .
And Carl Weathers has no qualms about cashing in .
His main relationship on the show is with aspiring actor Tobias Funke .
Tobias had attended a Carl Weathers fighting workshop some time ago , but Weathers had failed to show – he had been bumped from his flight and was collecting $ 300 .
Weathers is also fond of stew ; he has the ability ( or the desperation ) to combine any leftover food he discovers , and thus “ get a stew goin ' ” .
He ’s also not opposed to attending dinner functions with strangers , as long as there is a cheap ( or free ) meal involved .
Weather ’s is hilarious in the role , assuming that he was in on the joke .
And if he was n’t , then it ’s still pretty damn funny .
Albeit a little sad .
Well .
That about sums that up .
Hopefully they can get this movie finally going at some point in the near future … the world needs the Bluths !
And more Carl Weathers !
“ Hit ‘ Em Up Style ” - Carolina Chocolate Drops
Bluegrass cover of Hit 'em Up Style ?
Yes please !
Most Beautiful Animal photography of Sooper Deviant
Animal photography is just another name for wildlife photography .
The only difference is that these pictures focus on animal close - up shots .
This collection includes some of your favorite animals , such as tigers , lions , panda , bald eagle and great white shark .
One thing I noticed in these pictures is that these are pictures of predators , but they are looking very innocent and adorable .
That ’s something I should learn as a photographer .
Here ’s a crazy idea , you can use these images as your Facebook profile photo .
I mean why not , I have a kitten meowing on my Facebook , why do n’t you have a tiger roaring on yours .
You can find some big cat pictures here , but if you love the domestic kind as well , then check out these cute cats .
This animal photography is done by Sooper Deviant , he is on Deviant Art from Last 4 Years .
You can find his Profile Here
All Photography and Artist is Properly Linked back to his profile and photography sources .
Red -tailed Hawk
Mexican Wolf
Gray Wolf
Jaguar Cub
Persian Leopard
Snow Leopard
Mexican Wolves
Sumatran Tiger
African Lion
Fast Food
[ ad1 ]
Staring Contest
Red Panda
M A T R I X
The Chasing Game
Jumper
Cheetah
Agility
Mexican Wolf
Amur Tiger Cub
Make a Wish
No Escape
SOUNDBITES —
“ When African Americans were seeking equal rights , they never sought to upend the most fundamental social institutions in society , namely marriage and the family .
Nor did they ever denigrate world religions .
Instead , people like Martin Luther King , himself a minister , spoke respectfully of Christianity and other religions .
But the situation in San Francisco is different : David Boies , and his colleague Theodore B. Olsen , cannot make their case for homosexual marriage without demonizing religion .
They have a special fondness for bashing Catholicism .
… Plato condemned sodomy .
Jefferson thought it should be a felony .
Neither was Catholic .
And neither they , nor the Catholic Church , ever thought it was okay for gay bashers to act out their hatred .
That this even needs to be said does n’t speak well for where Boies wants to go . ”
— Catholic League communications director Susan Fani on how Perry ‘s plaintiffs are overstepping
There could be an extension of the current smoking ban in public places A plan to halve the number of smokers in England over the next 10 years has been unveiled by ministers .
The number of people smoking has fallen by a quarter in the past decade to 21 % , and the proposed target is 10 % by 2020 .
Measures being considered include removing branding from packets and banning cigarette vending machines , as will happen in Scotland next year .
Smokers ' lobby group Forest criticised the proposals for eroding people 's ability to make lifestyle choices .
Health charity
Ash said that while it supported the plans in principle , there was a need for more detail and stronger pledges .
The government strategy includes a commitment to try to stop young people taking up smoking by cracking down on illegally imported cheap cigarettes .
Every smoker will be able to get help from the NHS to suit them if they want to give up .
One day , in the not too distant future , we 'll look back and find it hard to remember why anyone ever smoked in the first place
Andy Burnham
Health Secretary
Read your comments
And there will be a review of smoking legislation , which could see public bans extended to places such as the entrances of buildings .
Health Secretary Andy Burnham said : " We 've come so far and now we 'll go even further , to push forward and save even more lives .
" This strategy renews our commitment to virtually eradicate the health harms caused by smoking , and I firmly believe we can halve smoking by 2020 .
In 10 years ' time , only one - in - 10 people will smoke . "
He added : " We will always help people to quit , and smokers should never stop trying .
That 's the beauty of the NHS - it 's there to help everyone .
" One day , in the not too distant future , we 'll look back and find it hard to remember why anyone ever smoked in the first place . "
' Devastating impact '
The government said each year smoking caused 80,000 deaths and cost the NHS £ 2.7 bn .
Chief Medical Officer Sir Liam Donaldson said the strategy would " discourage children from taking up smoking and prevent a great number of unnecessary and early deaths " .
The smoking ban in enclosed public places was introduced in Scotland in 2006 , and in England , Wales and Northern Ireland separately in 2007 .
Forest said the ban had had a " devastating impact " on community pubs and further restrictions would accelerate that trend .
Simon Clark , director of the lobby group , said adults should be allowed to make an " informed choice " .
He said : " When the government starts setting targets it is rather dangerous because the only way they can reach targets is to introduce very illiberal , very draconian legislation .
" What we are seeing is a campaign of de-normalisation - I think it is creating a very intolerant , very divisive society . "
Professor Alan Maryon - Davis , president of the UK Faculty of Public Health , said : " It 's good the government intends to keep up the pressure on smoking , the biggest single cause of ill - health and inequalities in health .
" But we do need to see these good intentions backed up by sustained investment in effective strategies . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Beatles , Oasis , Pink Floyd , Michael Jackson and U2 may be one step closer to paradise .
But Bob Dylan is still “ Knockin ’ on Heaven ’s Door . ”
The Vatican has previously denounced rock music as the devil ’s work but in a surprise change of tune on Sunday the Holy See ’s official newspaper , L’ Osservatore Romano , published what it called “ a semiserious guide ” to the top ten rock and pop albums of all time .
FOR THE RECORD :
Juvenile probation :
An article in the Feb. 21 Section A about abuses against juveniles by Los Angeles County Probation Department officers said the agency has 6,200 officers .
The department has 6,200 employees , including 4,400 sworn officers . —
Additionally , two other officers are the focus of internal affairs investigations for allegedly having sex with probationers .
The Times identified the cases through court documents , law enforcement records and department sources .
Probation officials said they were prohibited by law from discussing the details of officers ’ misconduct .
Among the incidents :
* A probation officer had sex with three youths in the detention hall where she worked -- in laundry , supply and interview rooms .
She was sentenced last year to four years in prison after pleading guilty to five counts of felony sexual abuse .
* A probation officer caught on tape beating a youth in a juvenile hall recreation room was convicted last year of battery and sentenced to 24 months ’ probation .
* A probation officer was sentenced to a year in jail last year for directing five teenagers under her care to beat another youngster who she mistakenly believed had stolen her cellphone .
Los Angeles County probation officers are responsible for protecting 3,000 youths in 21 halls and camps , one of the nation ’s largest juvenile justice systems .
The department , with an annual budget of about $ 700 million , has been the subject of federal investigations in recent years for failing to prevent , report and document child abuse .
The Times examined records from the last four years -- a period during which county officials hired Robert Taylor to head the agency with the mandate of reforming the department , including providing better oversight of officers .
At the time he took over , the department was struggling with violence in its halls and camps and persistent criticism that it was doing little to help the juvenile offenders in its care .
Probation officials have sustained 102 allegations of officer misconduct involving youths at the county ’s halls and camps over the last three years , according to a department source who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to release the information publicly .
The source said many of the sustained cases involved complaints of excessive force .
Department officials did not disclose how many officers were involved in misconduct or the extent of any discipline .
Taylor retired Feb .
5 . Former Ventura County probation chief Cal Remington was appointed as acting chief to assess the department before the new chief , Alameda County probation chief Donald H. Blevins , takes over April 19 .
During his tenure , Taylor said he tried to be more proactive than his predecessors , coordinating undercover internal investigations with the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department .
For example , he said a probation sting with sheriff ’s deputies at Central Juvenile Hall in 2008 led to the arrest of a probation officer suspected of dealing marijuana to youths .
The officer was fired , but has not been criminally charged , according to county officials .
“ Unfortunately , we have people who fail to meet expectations and when they do , we deal with them with a disciplinary system that is swift and sure and produces the desired outcome , ” Taylor said .
He said he did not consider the current personnel problems any worse than what other large law enforcement agencies face .
Taylor acknowledged at least one effort to monitor staff and probationers has fallen short :
Many of the more than 600 security cameras at county detention halls and camps are broken .
Last month , county supervisors approved spending $ 1.2 million to determine how best to replace some cameras and other security equipment at a juvenile camp and three halls .
Many critics say poor oversight has hampered the department ’s efforts to identify abusive staff .
Two years ago , federal investigators found that the department failed to investigate and document officer abuses , including excessive use of force on probationers .
The department has eight internal affairs investigators to review hundreds of complaints leveled against 6,200 probation officers each year , including about 2,900 sworn officers working with juveniles .
By contrast , the Los Angeles Police Department has 271 internal affairs investigators for 9,900 sworn officers ; the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department has about 30 internal affairs investigators for about 10,000 sworn officers .
A 15 - member probation commission appointed by county supervisors is supposed to monitor the department and advise the probation chief .
Commissioners can ask the probation chief to investigate alleged misconduct , and if probation officials fail to take action , they can bring complaints to county supervisors .
But they rarely do and have never forced the department to disclose probation personnel records , said commission President Don Meredith , a retired Glendale police lieutenant .
“ When we bring it up , they say they ca n’t discuss it with us because it ’s internal matters , confidential , ” Commissioner Jo Kaplan said of the alleged misconduct .
“ We have no oversight . ”
Teachers who work at probation camps and halls are required by law to report suspected abuse but often do n’t because they are afraid of the consequences , said Mark Lewis , president of the teachers union , the Los Angeles County Education Assn .
“ There is this belief that if I report something or file a child abuse report against a probation officer , that probation is not going to come when I need them . . . or they ’re going to set me up , ” Lewis said .
“ So there is a tendency not to report . ”
Even if someone wanted to report misconduct , they may have found it difficult :
The phone number on websites and signs posted in the halls and camps for the Probation Department ’s ombudsman was inoperable until three weeks ago , when a spokeswoman responding to calls from The Times said an “ urgent work order ” had been submitted to repair it .
::
Former Probation Officer Kimberly Hald , 37 , describes herself as a “ soccer mom ” who made some bad decisions during a difficult time in her life .
Prosecutors say she ’s a predator who had sex with three teenage boys -- ages 16 to 18 -- at a detention hall for more than a year .
Starting in August 2006 , Hald had sexual encounters with the teenagers at Central Juvenile Hall where she worked as a probation officer , according to court records .
She bought her victims ’ silence with treats , including hall passes , food from home and cellphone access , the records show .
Hald became infatuated with the probationers , prosecutors said , sending them letters with provocative photos of herself .
She even got a tattoo with the initials of one of the youths .
Hald was caught when one of the youths resisted her advances in a hallway , a scuffle ensued , and he reported her , according to prosecutors .
Even after she was arrested and suspended from her probation job , Hald continued to visit the youth at the jail and gave him money .
She was later convicted of sexual abuse and sentenced to four years in prison .
Taylor said it would have been difficult to catch Hald because she was well - educated and showed no signs of misconduct .
“ She was a married mother of three children with advanced college degrees , ” he said .
Hald declined to be interviewed .
But in a letter sent from prison in response to an inquiry from The Times , she blamed her problems on a troubled marriage and expressed remorse .
“ I did not take the probation job seriously , ” she wrote .
“ I was vulnerable due to a very bad domestic violence situation , and I let myself be carried away by the endless compliments and flattery of the young men , ” Hald wrote .
“ Bottom line , I had a consensual relationship with a young man who was 17 and I stupidly thought I was in love with .
Everything else I did was completely inappropriate , unethical and extremely unprofessional . ”
::
Ademole Turner ’s career as a probation officer ended when a surveillance camera captured him hitting a boy in the face .
Video footage from the July 20 , 2007 , encounter in the recreation room at Los Padrinos Juvenile Hall shows the former college football star hitting a 16 - year - old boy in the face , throwing him to the floor and kicking him at least once , prosecutors said .
The confrontation began when the boy approached another youth and asked about his gang affiliation , authorities said .
Turner , 32 , immediately interceded and struck the teenager .
The youth had a bloody nose and bruised face , prosecutors said .
Downey police called to investigate Turner screened the tape and gave it to prosecutors , who charged Turner with assault by an officer , assault likely to cause great bodily injury , child abuse , corporal injury to a child and attempting to dissuade a witness from reporting .
Turner pleaded no contest to misdemeanor battery last year as part of a plea deal .
He was sentenced to 24 months ’ probation and 50 hours ’ community service .
A father of three , he quit his probation job and was teaching math and coaching football at a high school in Gardena .
Turner ’s attorney , Charles J. McLurkin , said there were “ extenuating circumstances ” that led to the beating , noting that his client was not properly trained to supervise violent youths .
“ This is an issue of the training the county did not provide , ” McLurkin said .
Probation Department spokeswoman Kerri Webb disputed that allegation , saying that all probation officials are trained consistent with state standards .
::
When Probation Officer Diane Buchanan could n’t find her cellphone , she was convinced one of the boys she supervised at Barry J. Nidorf Juvenile Hall in Sylmar had stolen it , prosecutors said .
Court records tell how Buchanan , 39 , first strip - searched the youths .
Failing to find the phone , she questioned them .
Racial tensions had been simmering for weeks between black and Latino youths at the facility , the youths testified .
One of the black youths alleged that a Latino detainee , Miguel Jimenez , had stolen the phone and flushed it down a toilet .
Buchanan believed him and started planning her revenge , prosecutors said .
On her way to Jimenez ’s cell , she approached a group of youths and told them she would unlock Jimenez ’s cell , then let them run past her to beat him up , according to court testimony .
“ She told us to go in there and get him for the phone , ” one of the youths told investigators .
“ If I did n’t do it , I was going to be with him . ”
Five youths attacked Jimenez , beating and kicking him as he lay on the floor .
Jimenez , then 17 , was in detention for vandalism .
He cowered as the youths laughed and beat him , according to court records .
He said Buchanan , who he called “ Miss B , ” refused to intervene .
Buchanan left after a few minutes , locking the door and leaving Jimenez with numerous bumps and scrapes .
He was not allowed to see a doctor until the next day , when another probation officer noticed his injuries and persuaded him to report the attack .
Buchanan later found her cellphone -- in the parking lot .
A grand jury charged Buchanan with child abuse .
In May , she was convicted and sentenced to a year in jail .
Jimenez was being held at North County jail last week on assault charges and could not be reached for comment .
But his brother Jorge Jimenez , 26 , of Los Angeles said Jimenez was still upset about the beating .
“ He feels betrayed , ” Jorge Jimenez said .
“ He was at a place where he was supposed to be rehabilitated , and instead this happened . ”
richard.winton
@latimes.com
molly .
hennessy -fiske
@latimes.com
Mother - Son Incest : Hidden in Shame and Rising Mother - son incest victim describes shame , and redemption through his son .
Dec. 1 , 2009  --
The molestation began as gentle fondling when Gregg Milligan was 4 years old , but it soon escalated to aggressive touching and eventually beatings that would render him unconscious .
For seven years , until Michigan child welfare workers intervened when he was 11 , Milligan was too ashamed to reveal that his tormentor was his own mother .
" She was very brutal , " said Milligan .
" Through her difficulty reaching climax , she would become frustrated and violent , hitting and punching and slapping not only my genitals , but my face and body . "
" It was terribly confusing , and it was n't just the violation , " said Milligan , now 46 , and director of infrastructure for a major health care provider in Michigan .
As bad as the incest was , things got worse .
Milligan 's father had left when he was 2 , but by the time he was 8 , his mother , an alcoholic and a prostitute , invited strange men home who would sexually abuse him .
" Back then I would never tell anyone , not even a sibling , " said Milligan , the most " compliant and sensitive " of three children living at home .
" I was just too afraid .
It was so horrendous for me to believe she actually would do this to me . "
One of the unspeakable secrets in the world of child sexual abuse is that mothers can be molesters .
Often , they prey on daughters , but more frequently their sons -- who report increased feelings of isolation and sexual confusion along with thoughts of suicide .
Both of Milligan 's parents are now dead , but his past still haunts him .
" Around 10 years old , I started to get this unbelievable feeling of dread that if I do n't get out I am going to die from the decadence , the debauchery , the forced molestations and the beatings that became more severe , " he said .
" For three months I suffered from hysterical paralysis . "
An estimated one in four girls and one in seven boys will be sexually assaulted or abused before the age of 18 , according to the Alabama - based National Children 's Advocacy Center .
In 27 percent of these cases , the abuse is perpetrated by the child 's parents .
Previous studies of day care workers published in 2000 in the Journal of Sex Research , found that women -- without male accomplices -- accounted for only about 6 percent of the abuse of females and 14 percent of males .
But more recent national surveys indicate about 12 percent of all child abuse cases are committed by women -- " a 100 percent increase compared with previous data , " according to Chris Newlin , NCAC 's executive director .
" We view females as care givers and protectors of children , " he told ABCNews.com .
" Now we are beginning to understand females are sexually abusing children , and it is occurring much more . "
Professionals are stymied by public perception that incest is " an ugly subject , " and that women can't commit such crimes .
" If it 's a 35 - year - old female and a 14 - year - old boy , we 'd say the boy is getting lucky , " said Newlin .
" And if it was a 35 year - old male and a 14 - year - old girl , we 'd call that a pervert . "
Mother - Son Incest Often Unreported
And boys like Milligan are n't often believed .
" We have this overarching thing that goes back to the Salem witch trials of children making up stories , " said Newlin .
" You ca n't trust kids . "
Survivors like Milligan say that these crimes often go unnoticed , not just because society can't imagine women as aggressors , but because boys feel riddled with shame .
" There is this terrible stigma that boys crave sex , " said Milligan .
" We are just as impressionable and naive and just as afraid .
How can anything be consensual at 4 or 11 years old ? "
He was finally able to tell all in the self - published memoir he took a decade to write -- initially titled " God Must Be Sleeping , " he changed the title to reflect a more upbeat chronicle of his survival , " A Beautiful World . "
But Milligan has much to be positive about .
Though his childhood was ravaged , he has managed to raise a son , now 23 , who " has never known violence or abuse . "
Today , Milligan is a spokesman for the Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network , sharing his experiences as a survivor .
About 10 percent of all crisis calls to the RAINN hotline are from males , according to program director Jennifer Wilson , who said they get about 100,000 calls a year .
" This crime is hard to track because people just do n't share it with law enforcement , " she told ABCNews.com .
In September , when child star MacKenzie Phillips went on the " Oprah Winfrey Show " to disclose her father had raped her at the age of 19 , calls to RAINN 's hotline from incest victims " spiked . "
Mothers who sexually abuse tend to have higher rates of mental illness and are often the victims of abuse themselves .
They also have easier access to children .
" It 's easy for women to go unnoticed , " said Wilson .
" And at the legal stage , they get lighter sentences . "
Because incest is considered taboo , few boys come forward and social service providers are not often trained in detecting signs in women abusers .
Abused As Child , Abuse as an Adult
One victim , Dominic Carter , a TV news reporter in New York , wrote about his own abuse at the hands of his mother in his 2007 memoir , " No Momma 's Boy . "
Earlier this month , Carter was convicted of attempted assault after a 2008 fight with his wife , and could face up to three months in jail .
As a child , Milligan turned his anguish inward .
" My brother and sister could leave the house and naturally play with friends , " he said .
" I was petrified to leave mother .
The clear sense was that if I did , the punishment would be worse . "
His mother also threatened to kill herself and Milligan said he more than once was hit by cars while chasing his mother into the street .
His father was equally volatile , returning once to beat his mother " so bad he left her with an eye hanging out of the socket . "
Teachers were also unaware of the abuse .
" In their defense , I was kept out of school , " he said about his frequent injuries .
" My mother was very cunning . "
The family was on welfare , but when social service workers paid their visits , the children were " always pushed out of the house and not allowed to come home , " Milligan said .
Dr. Carole Jenny , a pediatrician and director of the Child Protection Program at Hasbrow Children 's Hospital in Providence , R.I. , said sexual abuse by mothers is " really hard to diagnose -- most of the time it 's not witnessed . "
" Most kids have normal exams , and most parents give a credible history , " she said .
" Most prepubescent boys and girls do n't have any lasting physical findings .
Abrasions and redness disappear within 24 hours of the event . "
For young children , like Milligan , who eventually called an older married sister to intervene , getting help is difficult .
" I was sneaking money and stealing coins and running down to the pay phone and begging , ' Please come and save us , ' " he said .
" She eventually did but was reluctant because she was afraid . "
After a court battle -- his mother unsuccessfully sought custody -- Milligan lived for a time with his sister , immersing himself in books and trying to catch up .
He had missed so much school that he could only read at a third - grade level .
" I could tell time and tie my shoes , but I struggled through my first book , Dr. Seuss ' ' Green Eggs and Ham , ' " he said .
" I read the whole summer and pored though every book I checked out of the library .
By seventh grade I barely passed , but I never quit .
I kept trying and trying . "
Panic Attacks and Intimacy Issues
But the abuse took its toll .
Until he was 16 , Milligan had panic attacks and wet his bed , seeing countless child psychologists and therapists .
But by the time he was asked to leave his sister 's at 16 , he was an A student and involved in athletics .
Though he drifted out of foster homes and shelter with friends and priests , Milligan eventually went on to college and later graduate school .
" To this day the one question people ask is why I survived , " he said .
" I do n't know , maybe there was something bigger and better than all of us and I tapped in to it .
But I remind people it does n't come without its problems . "
As an adult , Milligan now needs medication to sleep and still has chronic nightmares , as well as anxiety attacks .
" I find myself carrying around a paper bag , but I 've managed to avoid the pitfalls of any addictions , " he said .
Some men who are abused by their mothers become hypersexual or addicted to pornography , others avoid contact altogether .
Milligan , too , struggles with intimacy in relationships .
His first marriage ended in divorce , but he has since remarried .
" She is a wonderful woman and working with me in therapy . "
Milligan's " happy ending " was watching his son from the first marriage -- " the sweetest , most gentle young man " -- recently graduate summa cum laude from college .
" If there is any indication of success , it 's not me or the fact that I graduated from college or writing a professional position , " he said .
" It 's my son -- he has never known violence , only love . "
But his own attitude has also fueled Milligan 's recovery .
" I wanted to focus on the possibility of change and perseverance , " he said .
" I honestly do n't know why I chose to read instead of doing drugs . "
With good treatment , many male victims like Milligan do survive , according to Nancy Cotterman , director of the Broward County Sexual Abuse Treatment Center in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .
" I do n't think they ever forget , but there are many who become empowered adolescents and adults . "
What 's lacking , say experts , is public awareness of mother - son abuse .
" We have the laws we need , the professionals in every profession and a tremendous network of highly trained and capable individuals in the U.S. to respond to sexual abuse , " said NCAC 's Newlin .
" The greatest challenge is that it is such an ugly subject that most people have a hard time wanting to pay attention to it "
For free , confidential , 24/7 , call the National Sexual Assault Hotline at 1-800-656-HOPE or go to the online hotline .
For more information go to the National Children 's Advocacy Center .
The most hotly - contested piece of land in the world has just discovered oil .
British oil and gas exploration company Desire Petroleum started drilling today sixty miles off coast of the Falkland Islands .
The South Atlantic territory may contain 3.5 billion barrels of oil and significant quantities of natural gas , according to CNN .
But the enterprise risks reigniting a sovereign ity dispute between Argentina and the UK , which led to a two - month war in 1982 .
Although the islands are occupied by British troops and pay tribute to the Queen , they are self - governed and self - supporting .
President Cristina Fernandez has ruled out any military action to stop the drilling , according to the AP .
However , she is leading a diplomatic campaign that may face the emergent powers of Latin America against the lame duck empire .
Argentina has unilateral regional support in its claim to the islands , including the vociferous backing of Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez .
Reuters :
" The British are desperate for oil since their own fields in the North Sea are now being depleted , " Chavez said in a televised speech .
When will England stop breaking international law ?
Return the Malvinas to Argentina ! "
" The English are desperate , the Yankees are desperate and here we have the biggest petroleum reserves in the world , " Chavez said .
News in Science
No sex please : Fish prefer to play it safe
Safety in numbers wins out over an increased chance of sex when it comes to a native African fish , a new study finds .
The results , recently published in the journal Biology Letters , suggest a species of cichlid fish employs a complex decision - making process when joining a social group .
Lead author , University of New South Wales biologist Alex Jordan says the strategy employed by the fish is likely to be replicated in other group - joining species .
For the research Jordan examined the choices made by Neolamprologus pulcher found in Lake Tanganyika in Tanzania .
He says N. pulcher is unusual because it lives in social groups that include both breeders and helpers .
Jordan says the breeding pair can have between two to seven helpers who do tasks such as cleaning the nest , defending territory and looking after the eggs .
The helpers do not breed , instead waiting until a breeding position becomes available through the death of a more senior member of the group .
Previous genetic work has shown that N. pulcher within a group are unrelated , suggesting the young disperse to other groups .
Jordan says he wanted to find out what affected their choice of a new group .
Making a choice
For the experiment he and colleagues from McMaster University in Canada , collected whole groups and relocated them to a two - metre enclosure near the edge of the lake that replicated the original home environment .
A foreign fish was then placed at a rocky area in the middle and could then choose to join a group or remain alone .
In each instance the fish could choose between a group where they would be a senior fish with greater access to food and shelter and be next in line for the breeding position .
Or they could join a larger social group where they would be at the bottom of the queue for breeding .
Jordan says the fish would typically swim between the two groups and look at both before joining the larger group where they would be the most junior .
" They all passed up the golden opportunity , " he say .
" The question was do you take an early gamble and risk a lot or do you go for the safe option ?
" The [ N. pulcher ] always took the conservative option , they were not gamblers . "
Beaten up
Ironically in becoming a member of the larger group , the new fish also faced increased aggression within the group and constantly " beaten up " , says Jordan .
But , he says , what seems like a poor decision on the surface actually offers benefit in the form of increased protection to the new subordinate fish .
Jordan says Lake Tanganyika has a high predation risk for the N. pulcher , which at its largest grows to about 11 centimetres .
Among its main predators are eels and large carnivorous fish .
" It looks like these social systems offer protection from this predation to smaller fish like N. pulcher , " says Jordan .
" Individuals are willing to sacrifice short - term breeding success and pay the costs of increased aggression to join groups that offer greater safety from predation . "
An ex-Microsoft employee has let the cat out of the bag about when the software giant might release Windows 8 .
MSFTKitchen reports that in early December last year , Chris Green wrote a post on his MSDN blog , which appeared to reveal that Microsoft might - possibly - maybe release the next iteration of its operating system in July 2011 , perhaps .
Meanwhile , he also suggested that Windows Server 2012 ( presumably based on the same Windows 8 tech ) and Office 2012 would be shipped in July 2012 .
Of course , the MS developer - who has since moved on from Redmond - was one lonely voice in the Microsoft machine .
So the dates should be taken with a very large dose of white flaky sea salt crystals .
Importantly , he did slap big fat question marks at the end of each suggested new release .
If the estimated roadmap is correct , however , then Microsoft may be attempting to speed up the frequency of its OS updates .
That ’s a suggestion that many Windows customers might balk at , given Redmond ’s tendency to miss its self - imposed deadlines .
Is you is , or is you ain't , my software roadmap baby ?
All of this could be interpreted as a company running scared of the competition .
After all , Mountain View wonks are currently adding some spit and polish to their own take on the operating system - Google Chrome OS , which may rock up at some point this year .
Then there ’s Apple , which yesterday announced its iPad ded cell .
But Microsoft for its part has n’t gone on record and officially confirmed roadmap dates yet .
Still , a big hint that MS execs might soon have something to say about Windows 8 did bob its head above the water earlier this week .
The company has already setup a URL for its Engineering Windows 8 blog , but the content is yet " to be determined " . ®
We received word today that Carrie is being told that she ’s going to be moved to a different jail .
Jailers in Washington County wo n’t tell her when or to what jail she ’ll be moved , but they are telling her she needs to sign a property release form and that we ’ll have 30 days to get her stuff from Washington County Jail after she ’s been transferred .
She has already been moved to a different cell .
This probably stems specifically from an incident this week in which two friends who visited her were reprimanded for greeting her through her cell window , which looks out onto the parking lot ; they were immediately told they would be banned from future visits .
After Carrie talked to the jail admin , she was told that they would be allowed to visit the next day , after all .
However , when they arrived , they were IDed and then told to leave , and advised that they ’d be arrested if they were ever seen again .
We believe this all to be part of a larger State plan to isolate Carrie and harass her supporters , in an attempt to coerce her testimony before the grand jury and to intimidate people into abandoning her and other targets of State repression .
Of course , it wo n’t work , and only strengthens her resolve to resist their grand jury , and our resolve to work harder to support her .
We wo n’t know where she ’s being transferred - or even if they ’re actually moving her - until it ’s happened .
So , while we try and figure out exactly what is going on and what we can do , we ’re asking people to * continue writing Carrie , * but to refrain from sending books or other items .
If your letters are returned , hold on to them so that you can re-send when we know where she ’s been transferred .
Additionally , we ’re not sure if any visits will be allowed at this point so , if you want to visit her , please contact us first at davenportgrandjury@riseup.net to check in about the situation .
Lastly , we all feel the anger and frustration of having our friend locked up and understand the short - term therapeutic value ( for those of us on the outside ) of resisting even minor regulations .
NONETHELESS , we want to remind everyone of the fact that Carrie will suffer for our fuck - ups more than we will , and to encourage everyone to consider the real consequences of their actions before taking them .
We ’re in this for the bigger win rather than instant gratification .
In solidarity ,
the SCSC
“ Here is an idea for Barack Obama to salvage his tottering administration by taking a step that protects the United States and its allies , ” begins neoconservative scholar Daniel Pipes .
“ He needs a dramatic gesture to change the public perception of him as a light - weight , bumbling ideologue , preferably in an arena where the stakes are high , where he can take charge , and where he can trump expectations . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Any guesses ?
“ Such an opportunity does exist , ” Pipes writes .
“ Obama can give orders for the U.S. military to destroy Iran ’s nuclear - weapon capacity . ”
Pipes is a longtime pro-war hawk who has been particularly vociferous in his calls for a “ special scrutiny ” of Arab Americans .
The liberal blog ThinkProgress notes that Pipes ran a campaign against a New York City public school focused on teaching Arab culture , successfully forcing the school ’s principal to resign .
Pipes references 9/11 ’s catalyzing impact on voter enthusiasm for former President George W. Bush , and says Obama could get the same boost by starting a new conflict with the Persian state .
“ Just as 9/11 caused voters to forget George W. Bush ’s meandering early months , a strike on Iranian facilities would dispatch Obama ’s feckless first year down the memory hole and transform the domestic political scene , ” he writes .
“ It would sideline health care , ’ he continues , “ prompt Republicans to work with Democrats , make netroots squeal , independents reconsider , and conservatives swoon . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In response to a growing belief that Iran is developing a nuclear weapons program , the US has stepped up its defense in the Gulf .
President Obama recently sent ships and missiles to the Gulf region , a move Iran derided as a “ puppet show . ”
New Yorker journalist Seymour Hersh revealed in 2007 that the Bush administration had a highly developed plan that would involve “ surgical [ air ] strikes ” on suspected Iranian nuclear facilities .
He wrote that the US was “ beefing up intelligence resources within the CIA and shifting its rhetorical campaign in a bid to win support from the American people should the strikes proceed . ”
The drive toward an Iranian strike was so strong , Hersh later suggested , that Bush and Cheney were willing to go against their own party .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Cheney and Bush do n’t give a rats ass about the future of the Republican Party when it comes to this , ” Hersh told MSNBC .
Pipes ’ post was first highlighted Tuesday by ThinkProgress .
The ancient ethical system of Confucius is silent on the subject of modernisation .
There is no proverb counselling that " wise men not invest in over - capacity " .
Perhaps there should be : in China , investment spending has tripled since 2001 and the consequences are staggering .
A country that represents just 7 pc of global GDP is now responsible for 30 pc of global aluminum consumption , 47 pc of global steel consumption and 40 pc of global copper consumption .
The overriding problem is that the Chinese model leads to a deflationary spiral that is perpetual in nature .
Domestic consumption never grows fast enough to absorb the supply , prompting the planners to commit to ever - higher levels of investment .
Over - capacity inevitably plagues many sectors of the economy and Chinese profitability is already low .
I love this saying because it ’s deep and many meanings can be derived from it .
One of them is that of Humility .
Man has a tendancy to become proud of himself .
He begins to think all that he ’s achieved is because of his own doing .
This pride blinds him from his own weakness and he forgets that all his abilities & creativity has originated from the Creator .
As we contemplate on our humble beginning and towards our end , we will find humility arising inside us , and we ’ll naturally start giving credit to the One who created us .
Did you like this comic ?
Copy this Code to add the above Comic to your Blog / Website :
{code type=html}
{/ code}
Challengers of California ’s ban on same - sex marriage tried to show Wednesday that religion has promoted discrimination against gays .
Lawyers trying to overturn Proposition 8 presented testimony of a gay man who said his evangelical parents forced him into Christian therapy to change his sexuality , and the legal team later produced documents that showed close ties between leaders of the Catholic and Mormon churches and the Proposition 8 campaign .
Ryan Kendall , 26 , who grew up in an evangelical Christian family in Colorado , said his parents forced him to undergo therapy with a Christian group to try to change his sexual orientation .
The therapy made him suicidal but did not change his sexuality , he testified .
“ I was just as gay as when I started , ” Kendall testified .
Advertisement
Kendall , a Denver resident , testified tearfully about how his mother abused him after learning of his sexuality from reading his journal .
He said he was the target of slurs and his glasses were smashed when he was a student at an evangelical school .
Attorneys challenging Proposition 8 also presented videotaped testimony from two experts on religion who had been retained by the measure ’s defenders .
The experts have since withdrawn from the case .
The experts agreed under questioning that some churches have contributed to discrimination against gays and that religion also has been used to justify discrimination against African Americans and women .
David Boies , a lawyer for the challengers who questioned the experts , ended the video presentation with a question about whether some state laws were based on religion .
Advertisement
“ No , ” said Katherine Young , a religious studies professor at McGill University , “ because you have the doctrine of separation of church and state . ”
Documents unveiled later revealed the Catholic and Mormon churches played a major role in passing Proposition 8 .
An e-mail from the executive director of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to the bishops and a cardinal said Catholics were crucial in providing money and volunteers to qualify Proposition 8 for the ballot .
The e-mail also praised the Mormon Church , saying it had provided “ financial , organizational and management contributions ” for the measure .
Advertisement
A memo by a Mormon Church public affairs officer said the Proposition 8 campaign was “ entirely under priesthood direction , ” and the minutes of a Mormon Church meeting said members should not take the lead in promoting Proposition 8 but should work through protectmarriage.com .
The church document said a teleconference had been held in Salt Lake City with 159 of 161 Mormon leaders in California .
The leaders were told to encourage members to contribute $ 30 each for Proposition 8 , toward a projected goal of $ 5 million , in addition to general fundraising .
Andy Pugno , a lawyer for the Proposition 8 campaign , said in an interview that it was “ astonishing ” that the court allowed into evidence internal communications of churches .
“ Today has been a major expression of religious bigotry , ” Pugno said of Wednesday ’s testimony .
“ The gloves have clearly come off , and religious voters are in the cross- hairs . ”
Advertisement
maura.dolan@latimes.com
China To Purchase Half of IMF's Gold
China has confirmed the intention to purchase 191.3 tons of gold from the International Monetary Fund at an open auction , Finmarket news agency said .
China To Purchase Half of IMF's Gold
World central banks started to increase their gold reserves after prices on gold began to climb in 2001 .
The IMF sells gold within the scope of a program to diversify sources of income and achieve an increase in lending .
The IMF announced an intention to sell 403.3 tons of gold in accordance with the adequate decision made by the board of directors of the fund in September of 2009 .
India , Mauritius and Sri Lanka purchased about 212 tons of the amount at the end of 2009 .
India purchased most – 200 tons .
China ’s interest in international trade is connected with the development of the nation ’s economy , as well as with the growing consumer demand in the country .
“ Chinese officials have confirmed previous announcements from IMF experts and said that the purchasing of 191 tons of gold would not exert negative influence on the world market .
China is interested in the development of the domestic consumer market , ” the agency reports .
Most of Chinese citizens believe that investing in gold jewelry is a good way to avoid inflation , Rough & Polished agency said .
The IMF has received the profit of $ 7.2 billion from gold sales .
A part of the funds is to be used for crediting poor countries .
Russia Today : China dissatisfied with US military report
MC Note :
This is the second entry on Spinoza , the first is Spinoza : The Ethics
- Spinoza writes his philosophy like a geometrical proof , which is hard and difficult to read , but makes it easier to lay out his path to proof .
It should be noted that his final goal will be a God that is not material or anthropomorphic in any way , but is the Original Essence of all things and the cause of all material things or essences .
I will lay out important elements of his proof first , before explaining how they fit into his larger idea of God .
First :
He lays out definitions of his terms ( this should always be done by philosophers , because language is so important , though Spinoza 's definitions are n't terribly helpful )
Important Definitions :
Substance -
That which is in itself , and is conceived through itself
Attribute -
That which the intellect perceives as constituting the essence of nature
Mode -
The modifications of substance , or that which exists in , and is conceived through , something other than itself
This leads to our first alert ( yellow ) :
Do n't think of attributes as the term is sometimes used , like the attribute of having blond hair .
For Spinoza attributes only relate to essences .
Thus : Attribute = types of essences
Mode = the more material aspects of nature
Second :
He presents logical axioms based off his definitions
Important Axioms :
1. Everything which exists , exists either in itself or in something else
2 . That which cannot be conceived through anything else must be conceived though itself
3 . From a given definite cause an effect necessarily follows
Third :
He builds propositions and their proofs logically based on the definitions and axioms ( this is especially fun when you determine your own definitions and axioms )
I am going to list his first 8 propositions ( without the proofs ) so an idea can be formed as to his plan here .
Remember that they all build upon one another .
( you 'll notice " God " is never mentioned ) :
1. Substance is by nature prior to its modifications
2 . Two substances , whose attributes are different , have nothing in common
3 . Things which have nothing in common cannot be the cause of the other
4 . Two or more distinct things are distinguished one from the other , either by the difference of the attributes of the substances , or by the difference of their modifications .
5 . There cannot exist in the universe two or more substances having the same nature or attribute
6 . One substance cannot be produced by another substance
7. Existence belongs to the nature of substance
8 . Every substance is necessarily infinite
Now at first , this being a proof of God may seem about as intelligible and practical as the Healthy Forest Initiative , but Spinoza will actually make some sense soon .
Here is a visual of how he is trying to establish his substance / God
1. Propositions 1 , 2 and 4 are working towards the primacy and uniqueness of substance ( or essence ) .
This can become clearer if we do a little self - reflection .
What is more primary , more a part of who we are , our body or soul ?
I would think many people think their essence ( call it soul , if you like ) is more a determiner of who they are than their body .
That is Prop .
1 . Now think about your soul / essence compared with others ' .
Ponder how unlike your essence is to say ,
There may be some similarities , but you essence is all your own , as MJ's is totally his own
This is a good way to think of Prop. 2 and 4 , if our attributes and / or modifications are n't the same , then we are n't the same .
2. Spinoza establishes his primary substance through cause and effect in Prop. 3 and 6 .
One substance can't make another if their attributes are different , like how a child must necessarily have genes in common with the parent .
Now abstract that idea into essences .
Two things with no attributes the same must be completely different substances , since we saw that substance / essence is the primary determination .
Now , if everything must either exist because of itself or because of its proximate cause , then by cause and effect , there must be an original substance that exists only because of itself and caused all other substances .
The Original Substance had to cause all attributes because there had to be an original cause and that original cause could not make anything with different attributes .
3 . In proving that there can only be 1 substance based on the primacy of essences and cause and effect , it is a good time to show one of Spinoza 's proofs :
Prop .
5 . There cannot exist in the universe two or more substances having the same nature or attribute
" Proof - If several distinct substances be granted , they must be distinguished one from the other , either by the difference of their attributes , or by the difference of their modifications ( Prop . 4 ) .
If only by the difference of their attributes , it will be granted that there cannot be more than one with an identical attribute .
If by the difference of their modifications - as substance is naturally prior to its modifications ( Prop . 1 ) - it follows that setting the modifications aside , and considering substance in itself , that is truly , ( Def. 3 and 6 ) , there can not be conceived one substance different from another , that is there cannot be granted several substances , but one substance only . "
Pretty clear !!!
Now a short picture - respite :
- Now that the beautiful sunset has calmed us down ( the physics of light reflecting are in God , by the way ) , let 's investigate his claim .
This is where how sums it up :
1 . If there cannot be two substances with identical attributes ->
2. and if a substance with certain attributes can't create another with different attributes ( like how a woman can't give birth to a dog ) ->
3. then since we know substance exists , there must be only 1 substance that exists only in itself ( not caused )
4 . Because everything must exist only in itself or be caused by something ( Axiom 1 ) , this One Substance must be the cause of all further essences ->
5. and therefore all things ' essences are in the Original Substance .
The logic here does n't seem so bad , does it ?
4. In Prop. 7 and 8 , Spinoza solidifies that this abstract idea of primary substance / essence actually must exist and must be infinite .
This is done rather simply .
If the One Substance can't be created by anything external , and we know things exist , then this One Substance must exist .
And lets assume there can only be two different types of substances , finite and infinite .
The One Substance must be infinite for nothing else can limit it ( create it ) .
- There you have it , God has been proved , except that we have n't even mentioned " God " .
" God " does n't come into the picture until Prop. 11 , " God , or substance , consisting of infinite attributes , of which each expresses eternal and infinite essentiality , necessarily exists . "
So Spinoza kind of deceptively just slipped that little point in there , " Oh yeah , that substance I 've been talking about is ... God ! "
- Spinoza attempted to prove God that is infinite and exists in the primary essence of all future effects .
Thus , the descriptions in the earlier post about everything being in God .
God 's ultimate and infinite essence must necessarily contain all other attributes , and it can be thought that God 's influence on modes in the material world is through being the essence of natural laws of nature and the mind .
This original substance is infinite in the greatest sense of the word , everything that exists , essences and material things , whether we can comprehend them or not , are in God 's essence .
- Take it all in , Next is Features of Spinoza 's God
Sometimes your lover acts like your worst enemy .
During a fight this person you love , whom you thought you knew , turns into an alien from another planet .
You see their typically mild - mannered self transform into someone you ’d want to commit to an insane asylum .
Their words and actions may seem like pure nuttiness , but your partner ’s responses are rooted in physiology .
What happens , says psychotherapist Nancy Dreyfus , author of Talk to Me Like I ’m Someone
You love : Relationship Repair in a Flash , is that in the midst of a fight our bodies go into fight or flight mode .
Our instincts kick into high alert .
During these moments of elevated chemistry we are actually scanning for danger .
Typically , we find it pretty fast .
Even within an .
“ When your partner says , ‘ I ’m sorry , ’ we not only hear the words , but the tone beneath them , ” says Dreyfus .
“ If it ’s not wholehearted or there is a lingering edge of exasperation , what we hear is ‘ You ’re my enemy not my friend ’ . ”
Part of this is due to the fact that , according to communication pioneer Professor Albert Mehrabian , " 7 % of message pertaining to feelings and attitudes is in the words that are spoken .
38 % of message pertaining to feelings and attitudes is paralinguistic ( the way that the words are said ) .
55 % of message pertaining to feelings and attitudes is in facial expression . " so that even a sincere verbal apology may be contaminated by a small percentage of tension perceived by the listener .
When our body is in a state of arousal we ’re oriented to scan the environment for danger both auditorially and visually .
What complicates the matter is that when the person who receives the apology is n’t buying it , or feels like it ’s just being said to shut them up , the apology itself can ignite a cycle where the person sincerely apologizing feels hopeless .
When his apology is n’t accepted , it refuels his .
This is one of the reasons Dreyfus created her written flash cards which can help couples who are fighting or at an impasse calm down and get through to each other in less than a minute and turn a mean interaction into a loving one .
The flash cards are a series of warm and calming self - aware messages that can be held up in the midst of an argument .
For example it may be scary to say , " I 'm afraid if I say I 'm sorry , you 'll make everything all my fault . "
But holding up the card can neutralize the difficulty .
A written message diffuses all the subterfuge .
“ We want to connect , ” says Dreyfus .
“ And from a perspective , we already are .
But in these moments of anger and despair we feel like we ’re separate . "
The flash cards close the separation .
Since they are free from any " tone " their message is also free of any interpretation beyond the words .
" Written messages allow us to more simply align with trusting in our connection , " says Dreyfus .
" We 're willing to trust that a written message has a purity to it that a verbal message does n’t . "
Another reason why the cards work is that they show that the person using them is making a conscious choice vs. reactive one .
Since people do n't typically have the flashcards at hand when an argument erupts they must dash out of the room , get the book and find a fitting card .
The written message , untainted by questionable voice tones , usually has the unique potential of transcending the survival - based our fight - or - flight response dictates .
A couple who begged Dreyfus for an emergency session on the day she was leaving town for her book tour , found solace in Dreyfus ’ advice – and could have benefited greatly from having the cards at hand .
This normally loving couple had n’t spoken in two days ….
On short notice the husband invited to dinner someone who was in town for the day whose approval was important to him .
Rather than ask , he informed wife ‘ We ’re having company for dinner . ’
They were experiencing financial hard times and could n’t afford an extravagant dinner but had some frozen eggplant parmesan on hand .
The wife , who reorganized her entire day so she could clean the house and get everything prepared for their guest , neglected to read the instructions on the eggplant and just took it out of the freezer to defrost .
When the husband found out that the dinner would be about thirty minutes late because his wife had n’t micro- waved the eggplant as the instructions said , he went ballistic .
He began screaming and saying “ You ’re not my friend or wife .
A friend would have known how important this was . ”
This kind of overreacting is the effect of deep wounding , Dreyfus explained .
He took her “ laxness ” about the meal as an indication that she did n’t care as much about dinner as much as he did .
Of course it was n’t about the food at all , but about a childhood wound around a mother who was never in sync with him .
It was as if he was a healthy toddler screaming for his mother to be attuned to him .
Early in life this sub-optimal attunement can be life - threatening if a mother is n’t responding to the needs her infant ca n’t verbalize .
In the present , this unresolved issue was transferred to his wife .
The first thing he said in their session to her was “ You do n’t love me . ”
Everything she had done was meaningless for him .
What he was asking for was someone to read his mind and do things exactly as he would have done them .
This form of fight or flight is rooted in a time when survival depended on a parent being able to mind - read the child ’s needs .
The wife 's " failure " sent the husband into a leading him to become enraged and cruel .
The wife felt blind - sided as she had n’t witnessed this kind of behavior from him before .
In this instance flashcard # 15 could have been an intervention for her .
“ I am your friend .
It is painful when so quickly I become your enemy . "
His possible best bet cards to her : # 41 " I realize I 'm over - reacting .
Can you give me a minute to get sane again ? "
Or # 47 " I was just reacting to you as if you were my mother , and I know that you are not . "
Little can calm your partner down as much as an admission of your own insanity , reports Dreyfus .
Not everyone can rush into Dreyfus ’ office during a relationship emergency , but the cards serve as a sort of surrogate therapist always on hand with wise advice to suit the situation .
With the help of Talk To Me Like I'm Someone You Love turning enemies back into lovers is just a card away .
Nancy Dreyfus , Psy. D. is a psychotherapist , couples coach and former journalist who gave up a job offer at The New York Times , when she realized that reporting on the grievances of the world was only adding more misery to the planet .
She now believes that world peace will only come when we deal with the grievances we have with the person we woke up this morning .
She wrote her book , Talk To Me Like I'm Someone You Love : Relationship Repair in a Flash as a guidebook for staying true to oneself in life 's messiest moments .
Susan Harrow is the author of Sell Yourself Without Selling Your Soul .
She runs a Media Consultancy where she helps everyone from Fortune 500 CEOs to celebrity chefs , entrepreneurs to authors grow their business through media and the power of PR .
For more information please contact Susan .
Maggie Grace , who played Shannon on Lost , will return to the ABC drama later this season , executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse confirmed to EW.com .
“ We ’re really excited about having her back on the show , ” says Cuse , “ and we have a good story for her . ”
The producers would not specify how many episodes she would appear in .
An original cast member , Grace exited the show in season 2 when her character — the spoiled stepsister of Boone — was killed off , though she did resurface in a season 3 episode .
Harold Perrineau , Cynthia Watros , and Rebecca Mader are among the other dearly departed who will guest - star in Lost ‘s sixth and final season .
By Thomas Sowell - February 2 , 2010
There was a recent flap because three different members of the Obama administration , on three different Sunday television talk shows , gave three widely differing estimates of how many jobs the president has created .
That should not have been surprising , except as a sign of political sloppiness in not getting their stories together beforehand .
They were simply doing what Barack Obama himself does -- namely , just pulling numbers out of thin air .
However , being more skilled at creating illusions , the president does it with more of an air of certainty , as if he has gone around and counted the new jobs himself .
The big question that seldom -- if ever -- gets asked in the mainstream media is whether these are a net increase in jobs .
Since the only resources that the government has are the resources it takes from the private sector , using those resources to create jobs means reducing the resources available to create jobs in the private sector .
So long as most people do not look beyond superficial appearances , politicians can get away with playing Santa Claus on all sorts of issues , while leaving havoc in their wake -- such as growing unemployment , despite all the jobs being " created . "
Whatever position people take on health care reform , there seems to be a bipartisan consensus -- usually a sign of mushy thinking -- that it is a good idea for the government to force insurance companies to insure people whom politicians want them to insure , and to insure them for things that politicians think should be insured .
Contrary to what politicians expect us to do , let 's stop and think .
Why are n't insurance companies already insuring the people and the conditions that they are now going to be forced to cover ?
Because that means additional costs -- and because the insurance companies do n't think their customers are willing to pay those particular costs for those particular coverages .
It costs politicians nothing to mandate more insurance coverage for more people .
But that does n't mean that the costs vanish into thin air .
It simply means that both buyers and sellers of insurance are forced to pay costs that neither of them wants to pay .
But , because soaring political rhetoric leaves out such grubby things as costs , it sounds like a great deal .
It is not just costs that are left out .
It is consequences in general .
With all the laments in the media about skyrocketing unemployment among young people , and especially minority young people , few media pundits even try to connect the dots to explain why unemployment hits some groups much harder than others .
Yet unusually high unemployment rates among young people is not something new or even something peculiar to the United States .
Even before the current worldwide recession , unemployment rates were 20 percent or more among workers under 25 years of age in a number of Western European countries .
The young have less experience to offer and are therefore less in demand .
Before politicians stepped in , that just meant that younger workers were paid less .
But this is not a permanent situation because youth itself is not permanent , and pay rises with experience .
Enter politicians .
By mandating a minimum wage that sounds reasonable for most workers , they put a price on inexperienced and unskilled labor that often exceeds what it is worth .
Mandated pay rates , like mandated insurance coverage , impose on buyers and sellers alike things that they would not choose to do otherwise .
Workers of course prefer higher wage rates .
But the very fact that the government has to impose those wage rates means that workers were unwilling to risk not having a job by refusing to work for less than the wage rate that has been mandated .
Now that choice has been taken out of their hands , with the hidden cost in this case being higher unemployment rates .
It is of course no secret that there is no free lunch .
It is just an inconvenient distraction that gets left out of political rhetoric .
Get the Recipe Homemade Ricotta
The Fiat 500 had been on the road for about two hours , first grinding through the frenetic Neapolitan traffic to the city limits , then cutting northeast on the highway toward the Matese Mountains , which mark the divide between the regions of Campania and Molise .
Crossing over into Molise , the car turned onto smaller mountain roads , winding this way and that on an unhurried approach to the medieval , hilltop town of Castropignano .
Rounding a bend , it came upon hundreds of sheep streaming across the road , cutting off its path .
The car slowed to a stop , its doors opened , and out stepped a husband and wife .
They were n't annoyed by this unexpected delay — an escape from the city was exactly what they were after .
" Oh , look , " the wife said to her husband , her eyes set on the shepherd straddling a strapping Arabian stallion .
" It 's like the olden days . "
Hearing this , I pushed myself taller in the saddle , cocked my head to the side , and squinted my eyes in what I hoped looked like the wistful yet attentive gaze of a man who'd spent his life ushering sheep through the mountains .
I tried not to laugh .
It 'd really ruin it for these two if they realized I 'm from fucking Brooklyn .
Had they spotted me about 20 minutes earlier and about 200 meters farther down the trail from which I 'd emerged with my herd of sheep and pack of attending dogs , they would have seen a less impressive and far more comedic scene : me and the horse spinning in circles , a battle of wills played out in dizzying and ungraceful pirouettes .
He wanted to go down the trail toward Castropignano ; I had every intention of leading the flock in the other direction , back toward the farm .
With each turn he attempted to set off toward town , but I 'd pull his reins , twisting his head back to the farm .
Round and round we went , the horse trying to decide whether to take this kid seriously or buck him off and stomp him into the ground , the kid trying to suppress the panic that was welling inside and project an air of dominance that he clearly did n't have .
Somehow I won , and over the ensuing weeks , Flash and I cooperatively guided the sheep along byways and trails and over ancient passages , called tratturi , that had been pounded flat and dense by the feet and hooves of 3,000 years ' worth of shepherds and their herds as they migrated north and south with the seasons .
My mission was the same as that of all those generations of shepherds before me : to ensure the sheep grazed on a wide range of herbs and grasses , building up a rich milk supply so that , at the end of each day , we could fill the farm 's vats to make cheese , then turn the leftover whey into the world 's best ricotta .
I know :
This is a long lead - in to an article about how to make ricotta at home .
But skipping over the larger story would just be adding to a problem that 's bugged me for years — far too many people do n't understand what ricotta is and have never tasted a good example of it .
If you want to create something decent at home , you first need to know ricotta's true story and what goes into making it .
What Is Ricotta ?
At its best , fresh ricotta is one of the most delicious fresh dairy products on earth .
Ricotta is the Italian word for " re-cooked , " which describes the two - stage heating and coagulation process that goes into making cheese and then ricotta .
This is not some trivial fact ; it 's an essential aspect of what ricotta is .
The stuff being " re-cooked " is the whey that 's left over after making cheese with sheep 's or cow 's milk .
The result is what English speakers call a " whey cheese , " though the Italians would tell you it 's not a cheese at all , since it 's made not from the curds of milk but from the remnant proteins in whey .
There 's a measurable difference between a cheese cheese and a whey cheese .
The primary proteins in milk are casein proteins and whey proteins .
When you coagulate milk with rennet , it 's the caseins that bond and form a solid structure , not the whey proteins .
That means cheese has a high casein protein content .
( It also contains much of the dairy fat that was floating around in the milk . )
While some casein stays behind in the whey after cheesemaking , what 's mostly left are the whey proteins .
When you reheat the whey , those whey proteins finally coagulate into their own fluffy little curds , and ricotta is born .
That 's right — real ricotta is made of an entirely different kind of milk protein from cheese and has less dairy fat than cheese .*
* Some producers add a portion of milk or cream back to the whey before making ricotta , to boost its fat and casein content .
This is an allowable practice that increases yields and makes ricotta production more fail - safe , but purists stick with whey and only whey .
On the farm where I worked in Molise , the farmers would first make wheels of pecorino cheese by gently heating the milk and coagulating it with rennet to form a giant mass of milk Jell - O .
The farmers would then carefully cut the milk Jell - O , gently breaking it apart into curds and the thin , yellowish whey .
They scooped the curds into forms , pressed them , brined them , and then transferred the wheels to the cheese cave to age .
In some parts of the world , that would be the end of it .
If the pigs were lucky , they 'd slurp up the buckets of whey .
But these farmers still had the incredibly delicate effort of making ricotta ahead .
Many ricotta producers add an acid , like lactic or citric acid , to the whey , since it helps the milk proteins form a more stable curd .
The problem is that acidifying the whey creates a ricotta with a subtle sour tang that purists wo n't tolerate ; for this reason , the farmers I worked with eschewed it .
Relying on nothing more than a very precise application of heat — the re-cooking of the whey — the farmers warmed it until a raft of coagulated whey proteins gradually floated to the surface .
With the steadiness of surgeons ' hands , they 'd lift this new cap of curds off and transfer them to baskets to drain briefly .
Using heat alone forms ricotta curds so fragile that even the slightest quiver could dissolve them back into the milky mist .
The ricotta we made on that farm was the best I 've ever eaten in my life , and in some ways , it 's ruined me forever .
The ricotta that most people get excited about is merely acceptable to me ; the stuff sold at most supermarkets , I 'd sooner feed to a dog .
Even without my unrealistic standards , the truth is that most ricotta out there is a piss - poor joke , a grainy mess held together with gums and stabilizers .
If a good source is n't easily available to you , you 're left with one option :
Make your own .
Homemade Ricotta : The Good , the Bad , and the Truth
There 's a basic and insurmountable problem with making ricotta at home :
Unless you have whey left over from cheesemaking , you can't actually do it .
It is , by definition , impossible .
What you can do is make a ricotta - like substance by heating milk and coagulating it with acid , though this is technically a fresh cheese and not ricotta at all , since it includes the full host of both casein and whey proteins .
The good news is that when it 's done well , the results can come quite close in flavor and texture to true ricotta , and can far surpass the garbage often sold under the name .
Doing it well , though , is the hard part .
After searching out and testing methods published across the web and beyond , I 've come to realize that most do not do it well at all .
How to Make Ricotta : The Basic Process
Before I get into the details , here 's the basic process .
It 's easy .
First , heat your milk to between 175 and 185 °F ( 79 and 85 °C ) .
Add the acid , and stir until curds begin to form throughout the milk .
Stop stirring , and hold the curds at this temperature for about 20 minutes .
Scoop , drain , enjoy .
Start With the Right Milk
Not all milk is created equal .
While ricotta can be made from any milk , cow 's - milk and sheep 's - milk ricotta are the most common .
Chances are that if you 're making it at home , cow 's milk is what you 'll be using .
I tested about 10 different milks while working on this ricotta recipe , from mass - market brands , both organic and not , to bottles from the farmers market filled with old - fashioned cream - line milk .
I had success with all types except one : ultra - pasteurized milk .
Ultra - pasteurization heats milk to significantly higher temperatures , altering its proteins such that they will no longer coagulate effectively .
Many national organic brands are ultra- pasteurized , so keep an eye out for that .
Otherwise , all the milks I tested worked : homogenized and not , pasteurized , et cetera .
While I did n't test it in this round , the milk on the farm I worked on was unpasteurized , and , of course , that works , too , if that 's something you use .
Choose Your Acid , and Get the Level Right
The easiest acid to use at home is either distilled white vinegar , which is just a solution of acetic acid , or lemon juice , which delivers citric acid , along with lemon flavor .
You can also buy pure citric acid in powder form and make a solution with it , but that 's quite a bit more work , without much of a noticeable payoff .
White vinegar adds the most neutral acid flavor , while lemon juice infuses the ricotta with its own flavor .
That can work well in some applications , such as if you want to dollop it on pancakes or stuff it into cannoli , but otherwise I 'd stick with the vinegar .
More important than the acid itself , though , is getting the acid level right .
This is one of the first points at which many recipes mess up .
As you read above , purists like the Italian farmers I worked for do n't add any acid to their ricotta .
You 're going to have to if you want to make your milk coagulate at home , but the goal is clear :
We want to add the least amount of acid possible , to minimize its flavor in the finished product , while still adding enough to get a decent yield .
Some recipes err way too heavily in the lots - of - acid direction .
These recipes work easily across a spectrum of temperatures , but the ricotta that comes out tastes awful , with none of the milky sweetness that defines a good ricotta .
I ended up with a ratio of 20 milliliters of vinegar or lemon juice ( one tablespoon plus one teaspoon ) per one liter ( or one quart ) milk .
This kicks off a good coagulation of the milk proteins while minimizing the sour flavor to nearly imperceptible levels .
It 's there , you can taste it , but it does n't ruin the ricotta .
Get Your Temperature Right
Even though you 're using whole milk and all of its casein proteins for this homemade ricotta , you still want to capture as much of the whey protein as you can .
Only through the combination of heat and acidity will the whey proteins coagulate .
So that means we need to heat our milk .
The question , then , is to what temperature .
The good news here is that you have some flexibility .
I got good results with anywhere from about 175 °F ( 79 °C ) to 185 °F ( 85 °C ) .
You can go higher , and you can go lower , but you begin to risk some negative effects .
On the low end , you 'll hurt your yield .
At 165 °F ( 74°C ) , the liquid that remained after I coagulated the milk was still plenty milky , and I got about 33 % less curds as a result .
You could increase your acid quantity to make 165 °F work , but then your ricotta will taste like crap .
Higher temperatures , meanwhile , can produce drier , grainier curds , in a way that 's possibly similar to cooking eggs — higher temperatures increase the bond strength between proteins , forcing more water out of the curds .
Critical Step : The Hold
Once you 've heated the milk and added the acid , the curds form within a minute or so .
Many recipes simply have you scrape them off right away and set them to drain .
This is fast , but it 's a huge mistake .
I started my testing by examining what effects a rest might have on the curds before skimming .
To do it , I made a couple batches of ricotta .
With the first one , I skimmed the curds right away and set them to drain .
With the second one , I removed the pot from the heat and let it stand for about 20 minutes before skimming and draining .
The results were clear : Curds that rested in the whey came out lighter and fluffier , with a more tender texture .
Curds that were scooped immediately were dense and dry .
I subsequently tested longer resting periods ( some recipes have you rest the curds for more than an hour ) , but I found that the curds became waterlogged and fell apart too easily if they sat for too long .
For a moment , I thought I more or less had the ricotta figured out .
But one thing irked me :
The results looked like ricotta , they had a texture similar to ricotta , but they did n't taste like ricotta .
They just tasted like milk .
If you 're thinking , " Well , does n't ricotta taste like milk ? " , I 'd refer you to what I wrote earlier — too many people do n't know what ricotta is supposed to be like .
Ricotta has a flavor all its own .
As it turns out , the solution to achieving this flavor lies not in the rest but in the hold .
Instead of heating the milk , adding the acid , and letting it stand off the heat for 20 minutes , you need to heat the milk , add the acid , and then keep it at the high temperature for about 20 minutes .
This extended heating gives you all the benefits of the rest while altering the flavor of the curds , bringing out that distinctive ricotta quality .
Remember , it helps to know what ricotta is :
It 's re-cooked .
The time real ricotta spends at elevated temperatures is essential to what it becomes .
We can't just heat milk , add acid , and declare ourselves victorious .
We have to simulate the ricotta - making process more faithfully .
Only then will we get ricotta - like results .
Draining
The final step is to separate the curds from the remaining whey .
It can be very tempting to line a strainer with paper towels or cheesecloth and try to pour it all through .
Do n't do that .
Fine strainers clog quickly , and attempting to pass all the liquid through will leave you with a wet sludge that never fully drains .
Instead , use a slotted spoon , mesh spider , or small fine - mesh strainer to carefully lift out as much of the curd as you can , and let that drain .
The rest , well , I guess it can go to the pigs , if you have them .
Get the Recipe Homemade Ricotta View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Error 404 PAGE NOT FOUND
Sorry , the requested document could not be found !
If you are looking for earthquake information , please stay with this main Seismo Lab server www.seismo.unr.edu
If you are looking for a class or research page with a URL that starts out :
http://www.seismo.unr.edu/...
and you have gotten this message , please try the same URL again but start it out with :
http://crack.seismo.unr.edu/...
just substituting " crack " for " www " in the URL .
Course and research materials that used to be on the main Seismo Lab webserver are still served at the same locations from the machine crack.seismo.unr.edu .
Please email louie@seismo.unr.edu if you have additional questions about older links into the Seismo Lab .
Tags
[ The Freeman , 1971 ]
One is glad that he left these luminous pages in their pristine form of lectures ( he begs indulgence for doing it ) , because that form shows him off at his best : full of charm , candid in his prejudices , elegant in diction , a natural ironist , and a man in whom thinking is clearly a familiar exercise .
I remember picking up the book soon after its appearance in 1932 , at a little book shop on Broadway near 115th Street .
I am afraid it was a remaindered copy , very cheap , like the novels of E. M. Forster and the two volume set of Henry James 's letters .
It was my first acquaintance with Nock and I was delighted with my discovery .
I felt elated even after my incredulous irritation at what I found him saying on pages 76 – 77 .
That is the passage where Nock , who throughout his lectures claims a connection with Columbia University , repeats some libelous nonsense about Columbia College , based on Abraham Flexner 's then recent study of American and other universities .
According to both these unverifying men , it was possible to obtain a bachelor of arts degree in Columbia College by offering such subjects as advertising layout , practical poultry raising , elementary stenography , wrestling and self defense , and half a dozen other subvocational exertions .
Nock recurs with relish to this list of depravities ( including book reviewing ) two or three times again the later lectures .
It is enough to make one doubt his common sense — or his familiarity with the educational scene of his own day .
As a graduate of Columbia College in 1927 , who began teaching there that same year and for many more thereafter , I knew from inside knowledge that Nock 's statement was a fantasy .
The requirements for the degree permitted no such hijinks as Nock alleged .
What is worse , he goes on to say that by " some sort of traffic arrangement with a sister institution " the Columbia College undergraduate " may also count as leading to a degree , courses in … cookery , clothing decoration , dancing for men , " and so on through a second half dozen domestic or social accomplishments .
The fact is that permission to take any courses outside the Columbia College catalogue was extremely difficult to obtain .
These enumerated frills ( presumably from the Teachers College home economics department ) would have been disallowed by the Columbia College dean , sitting with his committee on instruction .
The paradox is that if Nock had but known it , Columbia College in his day was the nearest approximation to the ideal set forth in his lectures .
The curriculum did not require Latin and Greek , to be sure , but it turned its back on the free elective system and imposed strict requirements in history , mathematics , science , English , and modern foreign languages .
The majors had to be approved so as to prevent a frivolous scattering of effort among elementary courses , and ( as I said ) there was no straying off the reservation into easy extension or Teachers College courses .
Arguing with friends from Yale , Princeton , and Harvard showed that they lived far more under the loose dispensation that Nock reprobated .
What was in fact his connection with Columbia ?
Research shows that from 1930 to 1932 , he taught American history and politics at St. Stephen 's College , then a distant affiliate , later independent as Bard College .
Reading his book suggests that Nock was there chiefly to bait President Butler , whose pronouncements he studied with the feral eye of a ruthless attorney .
Nock , for example , is not above twisting one of Butler 's phrases about the " new type of university organization . "
He makes it stand in a sinister way for the nonintellectual , non formative subjects he castigated before .
That is not what Butler was referring to , much less advocating .
For Butler was a humanist , too , and in his way as good a one as Nock .
And Nock , one must also add , was a little blinded by his just cause into forgetting some truths about the great tradition he praised and preached .
$ 15 $ 10 " Nock was entirely right , of course , in his main thesis and his prophecy as well . "
His medieval universities were not as he represented them .
Had he stopped to use his wonderful imagination , he could have inferred that the old faculties of law and medicine were nothing but vocational schools — medicine especially .
And even letters and theology were largely dedicated to the " preparation for life " which he deprecates — making clerics and scribes and pedagogues .
The Abelards and Occams are always rare and never the average .
Universities are good enough when they permit them to thrive and collect disciples .
Nock was entirely right , of course , in his main thesis and his prophecy as well .
We have been seeing the final degradation of the institution whose misdirected aim he denounced with such deadly urbanity .
It would be good to have from him a section fifteen to add to the fourteen in his neat little book .
It would be on relevance and social consciousness in the free politicalized university .
If I had a Ouija board , I 'd spend a few evenings trying to take down the text of it from the authentic source .
US states slash Medicaid
By Tom Eley
20 February 2010
US states are imposing major cuts to Medicaid , the health insurance program for low income Americans jointly funded with the federal government .
The cuts are being enacted in response to huge budget deficits in states throughout the country and a sharp increase in enrollment fuelled by the unemployment crisis .
Cuts in Medicaid services are a critical component of the attempts by the US corporate and financial elite , led by the Obama administration , to slash government health care costs and reduce care .
On Thursday , Obama established a bipartisan panel whose central purpose will be to find ways to decrease spending on government health care and pension programs , including Medicaid ( See , “ Obama appoints panel to slash social programs ” )
Some versions of the Democrats ’ health care overhaul proposals include an expansion of Medicaid eligibility , but without full support for state governments .
This will translate into further cuts to services and ensure that larger numbers of Americans have access only to the most limited and inadequate health care coverage , while the wealthy continue to enjoy the best care money can buy .
Enrollment in Medicaid increased by 3.3 million between June 2008 and June 2009 to nearly 47 million cases , according to a study released Thursday by the Kaiser Family Foundation .
Caseloads increased in every US state .
In thirteen states , enrollment shot up by more than 10 percent .
According to a new study by Families USA , for every 1 percentage point rise in the US unemployment rate , 1 million people become eligible for Medicaid and related programs .
With Medicaid already consuming about a fifth of most state budgets — the same as the average outlay for education — both Democratic and Republican governors and lawmakers throughout the country are insisting on deep cuts in the services provided to Medicaid recipients .
Medicaid typically provides insurance to those who fall below the official poverty level , but only within certain categories : children , pregnant women , parents of young children , the disabled , and the elderly who require nursing home care .
The program ’s reach varies among the states , but the majority of Americans living in poverty — three out of five according to one estimate — are not covered by Medicaid .
Because emergency federal stimulus funding for Medicaid bars states from narrowing eligibility requirements , states have instead targeted medical services and payments to doctors for cuts .
In recent years the federal government paid between 50 percent and 75 percent of a state ’s Medicaid costs — the poorer the state , the higher the federal proportion — but the stimulus package increased this share to between 61 percent and 85 percent , at a cost of $ 87 billion .
These funds are set to expire at the end of December unless Congress approves a $ 25 billion extension .
The additional federal funds have been grossly inadequate , and every state faced Medicaid funding shortfalls in the current fiscal year , according to the Kaiser Foundation study .
In response , a number of states are curtailing currently covered “ non-essential ” services .
Nevada ’s Republican governor , Jim Gibbons , has proposed cutting all Medicaid funding for adult coverage of eyeglasses , dentures and hearing aids .
In order to save about $ 830,000 , the state will also “ reduce the number of diapers provided monthly to incontinent adults ( to 186 from 300 ) , ” the New York Times reports .
Massachusetts will eliminate coverage for restorative dental service .
Last year a similar revocation of dental coverage in Michigan led to the death of a 76 - year - old woman , Blanche D. LaVire , who had been diagnosed with abscesses and advanced periodontitis that required surgery .
She died while waiting for state bureaucracies to approve an exception due to a mental health condition .
( See , “ Michigan woman dies after Medicaid dental care is cut ” ) .
Michigan , which eliminated not only dental but vision benefits for adult Medicaid recipients in fiscal year 2010 , is considering a bevy of new cuts for 2011 , including mental health services , prescription drug coverage , treatment for deformities , and artificial limbs .
Similarly , New Mexico ’s Democratic governor , Bill Richardson , is proposing cuts to Medicaid that could include prescription drug coverage , vision and dental care , hospice care for near - death patients , and physical therapy .
Maine is moving to limit outpatient mental health visits for adult Medicaid recipients to 18 per year and to cap outpatient hospital visits at 15 per year .
Many more states have reduced the amount that they pay to doctors , clinics , hospitals and nursing homes that treat Medicaid recipients .
Already Medicaid is rejected by many health care providers because it tends to pay at a level far below private insurance and Medicare .
These reimbursement cuts ensure that fewer Medicaid patients will be able to find treatment , and those clinics and hospitals that do so will be further driven to reduce costs and quality .
Among the states likely to enact major cuts for Medicaid reimbursement are New York , Texas , Pennsylvania , Maine , Louisiana , Maryland , Missouri , Virginia , and Vermont .
Maine is contemplating a 10 percent across - the - board cut , and New York Governor David Paterson is proposing to slash $ 400 million from Medicaid reimbursement .
After Kansas ’s Democratic governor , Mark Parkinson , imposed a 10 percent cut in provider payments beginning January 1 , Dr. C. Joseph Beck , a Wichita ophthalmologist , ended treatment for his Medicaid patients .
“ I ’m out , I ’m done , ” Dr. Beck told the New York Times .
“ I did n’t want to .
I want to take care of people .
But I also have three children and many employees to take care of . ”
Some states are cutting essential services that , by triggering the removal of federal matching funds , will effectively double the funding cut .
Tennessee ’s Democratic governor , Phil Bredesen , is proposing cuts that would set a $ 10,000 limit on inpatient hospital care , a sum easily surpassed by serious car accidents , heart attacks , and treatment for serious illnesses .
Bredesen would also impose limits on specific hospital services , including X - rays , laboratory services and doctor ’s office visits , the Times reports .
Arizona ’s Republican governor , Jan Brewer , has proposed kicking 310,000 adults without dependent children off Medicaid rolls and scrapping the state ’s Children ’s Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) , a program that secures federal matching funds for states that subsidize health insurance for children from low - income households that earn more than the income cutoff for Medicaid .
The state has already frozen enrollment in CHIP .
California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has proposed reducing adult eligibility for the state ’s Medicaid program , Medi-Cal , from 133 percent to approximately 72 percent of the official poverty threshold , and to reduce eligibility for children and pregnant women from 200 percent to 133 percent of the poverty level .
If enacted , these restrictions would cost an estimated 250,000 people their health insurance within six months .
Schwarzenegger has also threatened to end the state ’s CHIP program , Healthy Families .
The cut would affect nearly 900,000 children now enrolled in the program .
California lawmakers are already moving to cut eligibility in CHIP from 250 percent to 200 percent of the federal poverty level and to impose increased premiums of $ 14 per child , even as private insurance costs in the state skyrocket .
The legislature will also likely eliminate CHIP vision coverage .
The cuts enacted against Medicaid and CHIP will disproportionately affect the most vulnerable sections of the population , especially children .
Yet America ’s children are in desperate need of high - quality health care .
According to a recent study whose results were published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , over half of all US children will suffer from a chronic illness during their childhood , a two - thirds increase since the 1980s .
Much of the increase is associated with obesity , asthma and diabetes , conditions strongly linked to poverty and other social and environmental factors .
( See , “ Majority of US children suffer chronic health conditions , study says ” )
The reductions to Medicaid services and providers , even as the program ’s rolls swell , demonstrates the basic incompatibility of the right to decent health care with the profit drive of America ’s financial aristocracy .
Having enriched themselves before , during , and after the financial crisis of their own making , the financial elite — acting through their two parties — are now demanding “ tough choices ” and “ discipline ” by cutting what remains of the nation ’s limited social safety net .
The author also recommends :
US health insurers reap record profits in 2009
[ 19 February 2010 ]
DNA testing carried out by University of Leicester geneticists and funded by The Wellcome Trust has thrown new light on the ancestry of one of the USA 's most revered figures , the third President , Thomas Jefferson .
Almost 10 years ago , the University of Leicester team , led by Professor Mark Jobling , together with international collaborators , showed that Thomas Jefferson had fathered at least one of the sons of Sally Hemings , a slave of Jefferson's .
The work was done using the Y chromosome , a male - specific part of our DNA that passes down from father to son .
Jefferson carried a very unusual Y chromosome type , which helped to strengthen the evidence in the historical paternity case .
Now , new techniques have been brought to bear on Jefferson 's Y chromosome , in a study reported in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology .
The presidential chromosome turns out to belong to a rare class called ' K2 ' , which is found at its highest frequency in the Middle East and Eastern Africa , including Oman , Somalia and Iraq .
Its closest match was in a man from Egypt .
Could this mean that the President had recent ancestry in the Middle East ?
A careful survey revealed a few K2 chromosomes in France , Spain and England .
Together , the K2s form a diverse group that may , in fact , have been in western Europe for many thousands of years .
Further evidence for Jefferson 's British origins come from the finding that two out of 85 randomly recruited men named Jefferson share exactly the same Y chromosome as the President .
Prof Jobling said : ' The two men have ancestry in Yorkshire and the West Midlands , and knew of no historical connection to the USA .
They were amazed and fascinated by the link , which connects them into Thomas Jefferson 's family tree , probably about 11 generations ago . '
The ultimate origins of K2 chromosomes remain a mystery , however , and need further investigation : while they may have been present in Europe since the Stone Age , another possibility is that K2s came to Europe with the Phoenicians , an ancient maritime trading culture that spread out across the Mediterranean from their home in what is now Lebanon .
The US media has taken up a different theory , leading to the New York Times headline , ' Jefferson -- the first Jewish president ? ' :
European K2 chromosomes may originate in Sephardic ( Spanish ) Jewish populations , who have their ultimate origins in the Middle East .
Prof Jobling said : ' When we look closely at large collections of British Y chromosomes we find surprises , like this rare K2 lineage , and the African chromosome that we recently found in a Yorkshireman .
These exotic chromosomes remind us of the complexity of British history and prehistory . '
Fleeing Somalia : refugees from the forgotten war
guardian.co.uk
The plaque on the State House building in Hargeisa , capital of Somaliland , is an oblique commemoration to an event that never occurred .
It was built in 1952 for a visit to the then British protectorate by the newly crowned Queen Elizabeth II .
The Queen never came .
These days the half - ruined structure is known for another reason than as the former seat of gin-sipping British colonial officials .
The grounds , including parkland once laid out as a golf course , have bred domed shelters – " bool " they are called – thatched with plastic and segments of scavenged cloth .
In places , walls have been tiled with panels of flattened cooking oil cans , which in their repetitions resemble Warhol prints .
The bools are low , windowless huts through which the harsh light bleeds messily at the sewn seams to illuminate the kicked up dust .
The occupants of this camp sit at the far end of the planet 's social spectrum from the State House 's first intended guest .
Not a monarch and her retinue but refugees from war .
The huts are so densely packed together they block the State House from sight .
It is barely visible when approaching the camp , but the monument marks the centre of a labyrinth of winding , narrow lanes where cockerels scrabble .
When I reach it at last , I find the State House is not occupied itself save for a single wing of outbuildings .
Its rooms are open to the sky , floors scattered with detritus .
Glassless window frames swing in the wind .
But it is far from empty .
Children clamber over walls of square - cut honey - coloured stone , partly demolished by fighting in the city in 1988 .
They sit on the floor of what once was a grand reception room to play complex games with piles of pale round pebbles , tossed and snatched from the air by competing hands .
Outside , a few young men sit on a veranda painted with graffiti , listening to music .
They pull jackets over their heads to hide their faces at our approach and warn against photography .
It is a clue to the identity of many living inside the State House camp : the still anxious victims of the war in the south , in Somalia proper , the country from which Somaliland – recognised by no other state – split in 1991 .
Victims of the world 's worst humanitarian disaster .
And conflict , even at a distance from the running gun battles on Mogadishu 's streets , imposes its own hierarchies .
The most recent refugees , the poorest , live at the periphery , farthest from the State House itself .
Which is why it is surprising to find Sarida Nour Ahmed , aged 31 , a recent arrival , occupying one of the building 's few habitable rooms , a few metres square .
Once used to house the British governor 's staff , these days it is roofed with corrugated metal which leaks in the rain .
A bool would be much better , she explains .
Sarida fled from Somalia in March , abandoning three of her 10 children in the chaos of flight .
" The situation was unbearable .
Mortars were landing during the day .
At night there was torture , rape and beatings .
At first we thought it was because of the Ethiopian invasion .
But things got worse .
They came to our houses .
Robbed and raped . "
I ask her who ?
The Shabaab , she says .
The Shabaab .
The word means literally " the youth " .
And it is the story of the victims of the Shabaab 's continuing war that I have come to the camps of Somaliland to find .
A sick woman pleads for help at the Burao camp , Somaliland .
Photograph : Antonio Olmos
Once comprising the northernmost part of Somalia 's failed state , for the past two decades Somaliland has proclaimed itself an independent republic .
Stable , if not prosperous , it has become a refuge for Somalis from the south , most making their way up north from Mogadishu .
For those from Somalia 's southernmost towns it is a dangerous journey that can take several months , with long stretches on foot .
The Shabaab was once one of the Islamist militias attached to the Islamic Courts Union , which , in 2006 , brought a semblance of peace to a country that had been wracked by years of internecine violence and warlordism .
The Courts were routed after a few months by a western - supported Ethiopian invasion .
Now the Ethiopians have gone , too , and a fundamentalist hardcore of the Shabaab is resurgent , Somalia 's most bitter tormentor – Africa 's own Taliban .
Its masked men , accused by America of being proxies for al - Qaeda , enforce their own notions of justice , seizing suspected collaborators with the feeble new government from their houses and murdering those it regards as opponents , including dozens of local journalists and aid workers .
Its feared and secret sharia courts have sentenced women to be buried and stoned to death for adultery or publicly beaten for infringing strict Islamic dress codes .
Somalis say that , beyond the facade of harsh and rigid piety , the group robs and kills and sexually assaults with impunity .
Arriving at the State House camp , accompanied by Oxfam , which is helping to support its residents , I ask to talk to the most recent arrivals from Mogadishu and the south .
A group of women lead me through a ruined stone doorframe and across a little yard .
It is here , in a dark , bare room smelling of smoke from her cooking fire , that I first meet Sarida .
In Mogadishu , she tells me , she and her husband had a " proper house " with five rooms .
They owned a little shop and sold cold juices and vegetables in the market .
These days she washes clothes and skivvies , when she can , to feed her children .
She cannot remember the last time they ate meat .
She describes the violence in fragmented snatches that reflect the chaos in a city where all sides – government , African Union peacekeepers , Ethiopians and the Shabaab – fight their pitched battles over civilian neighbourhoods , not caring who is killed .
" First the Shabaab fought with the Ethiopians .
When the Ethiopians left , " recalls Sarida , " we thought then that Somalis would come together .
But it did n't happen . "
What happened instead , she explains , is that the Shabaab moved to impose its values on Somalis in the large areas it controls , bringing more violence as it did .
" Women get 90 lashes even for wearing ' light ' clothes , " says Sarida .
" And for not wearing the veil .
But the veil costs money .
I did n't have money for a veil ... "
It is a complaint I hear from many women .
Sarida describes the worst day of her life .
She does not cry .
Not quite .
It was a day that began with mortars falling on her neighbour Amina 's house and ended with the loss of three of her children .
" To see her in pieces … " she loses her train of thought for a moment .
" Mogadishu is a big city .
You used to be able to run to another neighbourhood [ to escape the fighting ] , but the fighting was all over the city .
I grabbed the children that were close to me and fled with the clothes I was wearing . "
Her eldest children , aged 12 , 11 and 10 – nowhere in sight in the family 's panicked impulse to flee – were left behind .
So too was Sarida 's husband , Abdi Khader .
I ask the children 's names .
She says quietly : " Mohammed , Abdi and Hussein .
I cheat myself thinking my husband might have got to the children and rescued them . "
But Abdi Khader does not know where Sarida ran to .
Or where she is living now .
Since that day , she has n't heard from him .
" If I could turn back the clock I would have my husband and my children here with me .
But I can't go back . "
I had first heard about the brutality of the methods of the Shabaab from Zam Zam Abdi , a courageous 28 - year - old Somali women 's rights campaigner forced out of Mogadishu by the group .
We had met in London almost a year before .
Then , Abdi had told me of the note the group posted on her office door : " Stop what you are doing or we will act .
Yes or no ? "
Abdi knew what it meant .
It was a phrase gaining notoriety in Mogadishu even then .
She had heard the same message delivered on the radio by a pro-Shabaab Imam , received it in emails and in anonymous calls .
The same words had been pinned to the body of one of Abdi 's friends , murdered by the Shabaab .
It was Abdi 's words that had impelled me to Somaliland to search for the group 's victims .
And it was to Burao that I was heading – Somaliland 's second city , and home to the worst of the camps .
The road to Burao takes a sweeping dog leg from Hargeisa down to the coast , before cutting back inland again , crossing an arid plain punctuated by long mesas , hazy in the distance .
Visible , too , in places are the remains of Somalia 's other wars : wrecked Russian armoured vehicles , rusted and buried to their axles in the sand .
Somaliland 's camps , however , are a reminder of a more recent conflict : America 's war on terror .
Far from weakening the Shabaab , the US intervention only appears to have made it stronger .
Beyond the Soviet - built port at Berbera we overtake the Hargeisa bus bound for Mogadishu .
It is empty on this leg , but will return full of those fleeing the south .
My driver tells me it is good business for those willing to take the risk and drive a truck to Elasha Biyaha , 11 miles from Somalia 's capital , at the heart of the Afgoye Corridor , and take on a human cargo desperate to escape .
The Afgoye Corridor .
A place synonymous with misery and degradation , hunger and disease .
A 20 - mile long stretch of road heading west out of Mogadishu , it is home to the world 's largest concentration of displaced persons , over half a million living beside the road , many subsisting on boiled leaves .
Yet faced with the choice of Mogadishu 's gunmen and the horrors of Afgoye , it is Afgoye that many are forced to choose .
According to Oxfam , some who end up living there have been displaced three or four times before .
Arriving in Burao I meet one of the luckier ones , Liban Ali Ahmad , 21 , who escaped through Elasha Biyaha and the Corridor on a crowded truck a year ago .
Lucky , because in his extended family , Liban , a student , could count on two aunts born in Burao who paid for his family to escape and who housed them in the town .
Lucky too because he did not have to live in the Corridor , only navigate one of the world 's most dangerous roads .
Liban is studying in his green - painted bedroom when I call to visit .
He is tall and slim , with sideburns shaved into long slender blades that follow his cheekbones .
There are English books stacked in one corner .
He cannot afford the fees for the local university where he would like to do a course in business management , so he teaches himself in his room , furnished only with a mattress .
In Mogadishu , he tells me , his four - times widowed mother was a " khat lady " selling kilo " trees " of the narcotic stems imported from Ethiopia , where it is grown .
Her business paid for a rented house in Wada Jir district , close to the airport .
" It was bad there because the war was everywhere , " Liban remembers .
He seems calm as he tells his story , until I notice his hands held in his lap , fingers weaving an invisible cat 's cradle of anxiety .
After he finished secondary school Liban worked as a private tutor , teaching children at home who could not go to school – Arabic , maths and Somalian .
" I tried for two or three months , " he says .
" It did n't work out . "
The families of the children Liban was teaching were fleeing the city , until most of his neighbourhood was empty .
" There was supposed to be a ceasefire .
But there was fighting and the schools were all closed .
So my brother said he wanted to see if the school was open .
It was n't .
He climbed into a tree near to our house to play .
That 's when he was shot . "
He calls out into the corridor for 14 - year - old Ayanle , a shy and skinny teenager , blind in one white and pupil - less eye .
Liban gently helps his brother out of his shirt and then a T - shirt , to show where the bullet went in , piercing Ayanle 's chest and bursting through his back .
The wounds have healed and puckered to small , dark deformities .
" Recently he became sick again , " Liban explains : " Because of the bullet . "
Even after Ayanle 's shooting the family tried to stay in their home .
" Those six months were terrifying .
Even when the children came here they were still terrified .
They would ask : ' When are the bullets coming ? ' "
In Wada Jir they could not go to the marketplace for days .
The residents within his neighbourhood were given a 10 - minute warning by the Shabaab when the fighting would begin .
Told not to move .
Not to leave their houses .
" Finally we were trapped in our house for seven days .
The smallest children were lying like they were dead .
We could n't give them water .
Not fit for humans to drink .
In the end I risked my life to go out to get water and something for the kids to eat .
We had been discussing it for ages , whether we should escape .
That time – those seven days – were the final exam .
We decided to leave . "
Almost the last to leave their neighbourhood , the family headed for Elasha Biyaha and the Afgoye Corridor with $ 300 , donated by an uncle , to pay for their escape .
It was left to Liban to arrange it .
He hired a taxi first to take him through the fighting to the Corridor , to hire a truck to take the family out .
" It was risky .
We left while there was still fighting going on .
Some of the vehicles hit mines and exploded .
You either leave safely or end like this , " he adds bleakly .
The camps in Burao are ugly places .
There are no schools or health facilities .
Not even proper sanitation .
Privately owned , the residents are charged to occupy their huts and draw water from the solitary well .
The 15 May camp is the worst : its huts border a field covered with rubbish , where camels are herded beneath the trees .
On one visit I hear the sound of drumming , and enter a hut to find it crowded with men and women at a Sufi ceremony to drive spirits from a woman kneeling on the floor , pungent incense wafting through the hut .
In her bool nearby , Quresh Ise Nour has a baby wrapped in a pink blanket in her arms , born a week before on the road to Burao , hair slicked wet with sweat .
Tradition demands that Quresh stays indoors , confined , for 40 days .
Without a husband to support her , she must rely on other women from the camp , who go to Burao to beg , to bring her food .
When the pickings are slim , or non-existent , Quresh cannot eat , cannot produce enough breast milk and her baby goes hungry .
Her hut is a new one ; the older ones , with their multiple layers of fabric , are better , she explains , because they are cooler .
Quresh is the camp 's most recent arrival .
Her husband was killed in the fighting in Mogadishu .
" He was a casual worker .
He left in the morning to go to work with his wheelbarrow .
He was away for only four hours , " she says , not quite believing what could happen in so short a period of time .
" Some friends he used to work with brought his body back in his own barrow .
His name was Mohammad Hassan Ali . "
Fleeing Mogadishu , she ran with her children to Afgoye .
" You would always hear the bullets .
Then everyone would try to run .
When you would get back to your home the mortar shells would land on the huts .
It is because the Shabaab would use the bools for their defences .
The government forces would come in vehicles and uniforms .
The Shabaab would be in civilian clothes with rifles and RPGs .
They controlled the area we were in .
They would mine all the routes that they believed the government troops might enter by .
You can't tell anyone , " she explains , seriously .
" They ask all the time : ' Where are you going ? '
Their faces are covered with scarves so you only see their eyes .
Most of the time I stayed indoors . "
Because of the mines , the African Union troops would not come into the camp .
" They would come close and mortar where we lived , so the Shabaab would say : ' These are bad people ' .
But with the Shabaab you never got kind words . "
I start to understand how the Shabaab work .
Others tell me of masked young men with megaphones walking by the houses , shouting out the rules .
I hear stories of men taken from their homes and later found shot .
All blamed on the Shabaab .
A woman called Busharo tells me how the men arrived in her hut at night asking for her husband .
Not finding him , they burned down her home .
Quresh says : " If you do n't have a hijab , the Shabaab come to you .
They came to me .
I told them my husband was dead and I had no money .
They ran into my house .
I thought there must have been fighting .
They said : " Woman , why are you not wearing a veil ? "
There were two of them with a whip made from woven tyre rubber .
They hit me on the back and buttocks .
Even now you can see the marks .
A month later I left . "
The stories of the Shabaab 's cruelties accumulate as I tour the camps .
One man tells me how they stopped him returning from his work and stole the fruit he had bought intended for his children , warning him not to resist .
They said his life was worth more than some fruit .
I hear the story of how the Shabaab tried to drag a neighbour 's wife out of his house to rape her .
How he was shot when he tried to stop them .
Patterns emerge .
Visits by day and night by armed men seeking friends and family , often accompanied by a press - ganged neighbour or passer - by , snatched from the street , and ordered to indicate the house they seek .
Even as they tell their tales , the fear of the Shabaab still clings to these people .
I ask for names , descriptions of the perpetrators , even nicknames they might have given individual Shabaab fighters .
But no one is comfortable to say " it was this person " .
The reason , I am told at last , is that there are Shabaab sympathisers in the camps , perhaps even among those who gather to listen to the interviews in curious groups .
There is one man , in particular , who I am looking for , Abdi Abdullahi Jimale , a 38 - year - old mechanic from Mogadishu and sometime farmer who came to Burao nine months before .
I already know the bare bones of his awful story : how he lost four of his children to hunger and violence .
These days he makes a living through odd jobs and a few days ' work at the local tannery when he can .
Otherwise he sends his girls into Burao to beg .
Abdi calls the Shabaab " al - Qaeda " .
" The Shabaab are everywhere among the people .
They take what you have and leave you empty except for sorrow .
When they started appearing they would say , ' You can't watch videos at home .
You ca n't listen to music . '
When the fighting came I lost two of my children .
I did n't even have a chance to bury their bodies . "
He tells me that their names were Osman , aged four , and Mohammed , five .
" I was sitting in my house when I heard the bullets .
A little later a shell fell on my house .
I carried some of the children and my wife the others , then we ran away . "
Their ordeal was not yet over .
" I had two other children who died on the way to Baladweyne .
They were small children .
We walked a long way and they were very tired .
They were one and three , and we were walking for eight days .
We had put the children on a donkey cart at first , but some people took the donkey cart and the things we had in it . "
The rest of the family was saved through the intervention of a group of nomadic pastoralists who killed a goat for them to eat .
I am in my hotel in Burao when a text message comes in .
There has been a fire at the State House camp .
The details change .
Six huts destroyed , the message says at first , then later 12 .
A child has been killed .
We head straight to Hargeisa and the State House .
It is a girl of five who has been killed .
The fire jumped from bool to bool in a matter of seconds , the flames enveloping the dry panels of fabric , collapsing it upon her .
There is a clearing , now , among the huts .
Someone has handed those who have lost their homes brightly coloured plastic buckets , to collect what is left of their possessions .
The women hunt among the ashes for pots and pans , but there is almost nothing left but an accumulation of flaking ash .
The shelters have been reduced in places to nothing more than a stubby spine of charcoal nubs , all that is left of poles that once supported them .
A few torn pages from school books are blowing among the ashes . ★
www.oxfam.org.uk
... The club slips into any golf bag and is designed to look like a standard seven iron .
But when the 19th hole is too far away , desperate golfers can have a hole in one by unscrewing the cap and relieving themselves into the hollow shaft , which holds half a litre
Credit : REX FEATURES
Q : What format does PSP support ?
A : Aside from movie and music videos available commercially on UMD , the PSP can also play MPEG - 4 format video files from the Memory Stick and MP3 , ATRAC3 plus , MP3 , MP4 , WAV , WMA music format .
Q : What does this guide tell us ?
A : Thought PSP is an excellent game player , we can achieve other aims with it , such as watching movies , appreciating music , because it has such a big screen for video and a clear earphone for music .
For the reason above , I will introduce a practical method of how to convert video and music to PSP format using Tipard PSP Video Converter .
Let ’s come to this guide now – convert video and music to PSP format .
Step 1 : Download and install Tipard PSP Video Converter .
Step 2 : Add file to Tipard PSP Video Converter interface .
There are three ways to put your files on it .
Method One : Click " Add File " , it would pop up one window , and select you want to convert file on this window .
Method Two :
At the top of the drop menu , click " File " , then select " Add File " to import any video and audio files .
Method Three : Drag the file to Tipard PSP Video Converter interface directly .
Step 3 : Choose profile
Tipard PSP Video Converter can convert movies to PSP MP4 , PS3 MP4 , AVI , WMV video format , even to the HD MP4 , HD AVI , HD WMV formats .
Besides , this PSP Video Converters can also convert music to PSP .
Select portable format according to your need .
Note :
Before you start the conversion , you can define the video and audio settings .
Click the " Settings " button to open the Settings window .
In the Video Settings , you can select Encoder , Frame Rate , Resolution and Video Bitrate to convert your movie .
Moreover , you can also directly input your own resolution as the form of “ XXX * XXX ” ;
In the Audio Settings , you can select Encoder , Channels , Bitrate and Sample Rate to convert your movie .
You also can save all the output settings as your preference , which is saved in the user - defined column automatically .
Tips :
Tip 1 : Edit video effect
Click " Effect " button on the top of the interface to pop up the video edit effect window .
Brightness : Drag and click the Brightness adjustment bar to set the brightness of the video .
Contrast : Drag and click the Contrast adjustment bar to set the contrast of the video .
Saturation : Drag and click the Saturation adjustment bar to set the saturation of the video .
Deinterlacing : when you convert the interlaced video formats such as 720i,1080i , for you to obtain better output videos , you can set the Deinterlacing function to avoid the mosaic .
Tip 2 : Trim video
Click " Trim " button on the top of the interface to pop up the video edit trim window .
Tipard PSP Video Converter provides you three methods to trim your video length .
Method 1 : Enter the start time in the Start Time box and click OK , then enter the end time in the Set End Time box and click OK .
Method 2 : Drag the scissors bars under the preview window when you want to trim , then the time will be shown in the Start Time box and End Time box for your reference .
Method 3 : Click " Trim From " button when you want to begin your trimming .
Click " Trim To " button where you want to stop your trimming .
After you set trim time , the length of the captured clip will be shown in the Select Length box for your reference .
Tip 3 : Crop video
Click " Crop " button on the top of the interface to pop up the video edit crop window .
Tipard PSP Video Converter allows you to remove the black edges around your movie video and customize the size of video play region .
There are three methods available to crop your video :
Method 1 : Crop by selecting a crop mode
Method 2 : Crop by adjusting the crop frame
Method 3 : Crop by setting the crop values
There are four crop values on the lower right part of the crop window : Top , Bottom , Left and Right .
You can set each value to crop your movie video , and the crop frame will move accordingly .
You can also set the output aspect ratio from the Zoom Mode according to your need .
There are four choices available : Keep Original , Full Screen , 16:9 and 4:3 .
Tip 4 : Snapshot :
Click " Snapshot " button on the right bottom of the preview video window and the current picture in the Preview window will be captured and saved .
Click " Folder " button to open the folder where the captured images are saved .
As default the captured image will be saved at users '
My Documents \Tipard Studio\Snapshot .
Click " Preference " menu , you can reset the snapshot folder and the type of your captured image : JPEG , GIF or BMP formats .
Tip 5 : Preferences
Click " Preferences " menu to adjust the settings related to conversion
It includes the output folder , snapshot folder , image type , conversion done , cpu usage .
Step 4 : Convert
After all the steps above are done , click the right button on the interface to start to convert video or music to PSP format .
How about trying it ?
AN UNEXPECTED HAND FOR REFORM ADVOCATES … .
This week , a couple of conservative hosts on the Fox Business Channel seemed deeply concerned about premium rate hikes from California ’s Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield .
They were n’t troubled by what the increases would mean for consumers — they were concerned that the increased burden on Americans might make health care reform more likely to happen .
Interviewing an executive from health insurance giant WellPoint , which owns Anthem , Fox ’s Charles Payne suggested the company should have decided to “ wait for this [ reform push ] to blow over and maybe a year from now try to hike rates . ”
The industry , however , is n’t waiting , and those with individual policies — folks who buy insurance that their employers are n’t providing — are getting hit the hardest .
Health insurers across the country are dramatically increasing rates and slashing benefits for many of the estimated 17 million consumers with individual insurance policies , while making it almost impossible to obtain affordable alternatives . [… ]
Rate increases by insurance companies are a fact of life for the nation ’s insured , but sharp hikes this year in California have provoked a national outcry that has brought criticism from President Obama and prompted investigations in Sacramento and Washington .
A spokesperson for America ’s Health Insurance Plans , the industry ’s lobbying arm , conceded , “ The market is broken . ”
Think about that .
The voice of private health insurers is willing to admit , on the record , that the market - based system that ’s currently in place — and which Republicans are intent on leaving intact — is simply “ broken . ”
Kevin Drum explained that the fix is hardly elusive .
Look : if the chief flack for the health insurance industry says the market is broken , then you have to believe that the market is broken .
And it wo n’t fix itself , either .
Despite what Republicans pretend to believe when they ’re in front of the cameras , the way to correct this is n’t to deregulate further , allowing insurance companies to raise rates even more freely .
It ’s to broaden the insurance pool by mandating guaranteed issue so that no one gets turned down for a policy ; enforcing community rating so that everyone pays a fair price ; creating an individual mandate so that healthy people can’t game the system by buying insurance only when they get sick ; and establishing federal subsidies so that low - income families can afford the premiums .
And guess what ?
That ’s what the current bill in Congress does .
There can be little doubt that the right will flip out , not only because they oppose solutions to the problem , but also because they ’ve convinced themselves that the fight is over — and that they won .
I ’m still skeptical about whether reform can actually come together in the end , but if it does , and the right is wondering how the package managed to make a comeback , they may want to reflect on the significance of insurers ’ poorly - timed greed .
“ Heresy is the eternal dawn , the morning star , the glittering herald of the day . …
It is the perpetual New World , the unknown sea , toward which the brave all sail .
It is the eternal horizon of progress .
… Heresy is a cradle ; orthodoxy , a coffin . ” — Robert Green Ingersoll
In the perpetually new world that is America , orthodoxy is never more than a temporary consensus .
Yesterday ’s heresy is today ’s revelation — and today ’s revelation is tomorrow ’s worn out creed .
Most great religious movements begin as heresies ; when they cease to inspire , they are either revivified or supplanted by new heresies .
However reviled and despised their ideas might be , heretics — important historical ones like Pelagius , Martin Luther , and Giordano Bruno , and obscure contemporary sectarians like Marie - Paule Giguère , the self - styled reincarnation of the Virgin Mary and the founder of The Community of the Lady of All Nations , aka the Army of Mary — are n’t nihilists or wishy - washy relativists ; they are believers par excellence .
“ In former days the heretic was proud of not being a heretic , ” G.K. Chesterton wrote in his book Heretics .
“ It was the kingdoms of the world and the police and the judges who were heretics .
He was orthodox . ”
Heretics was published in 1905 , when Victorian certainties were being sharply questioned , when Marxism , Freudianism , Einsteinian relativity , and esthetic modernism were turning the known world upside down — and when traditional belief had become a kind of heresy in its own right .
A practicing Catholic and an eloquent and witty apologist for the prerogatives of mystery , Chesterton understood that the torture chambers of the Inquisition had no place in the modern world , but he feared that the age of reason was engendering horrors of its own that would beggar the imagination of a Torquemada .
Chesterton believed in original sin , but he also believed in redemption and grace .
“ The madman is not the man who has lost his reason , ” he wrote .
“ The madman is the man who has lost everything except his reason . ”
For Chesterton , the particulars of orthodoxy — or for that matter of a heresy — mattered less than the all - pervading sense of seriousness that it engendered : the conviction that right and wrong were real things that genuinely existed .
To be a heretic was to say no to moral complacency , to refuse to compromise one ’s other - worldly ideals for the kingdoms of this world .
Consider Anne Hutchinson ( 1591 - 1643 ) , whose arguments with mainstream Puritanism made her , at one time , the most hated woman in America .
“ Your opinions fret like a gangrene and spread like a leprosy , and infect far and near , and will eat out the very bowels of religion , ” her erstwhile teacher Minister John Cotton admonished her , as she was excommunicated from the Church of Boston and consigned to the mercies of the wilderness .
The Puritans celebrated when they received word of her death seven years later ; its grisly circumstances — she and more than a dozen members of her household , including six of her fifteen children , were scalped by an Indian war party — were regarded as wondrous evidence of divine providence .
American history textbooks usually describe Anne Hutchinson as a martyr to Puritan narrow - mindedness , as an early — perhaps the first — American feminist , and a courageous champion of civil liberty and religious tolerance .
There is a germ of truth in this description of her , but it does justice neither to her nor her persecutors .
The controversy that brought about Anne Hutchinson ’s expulsion from Boston revolved around questions that had been roiling Christianity since its beginnings :
Did good works play any role in one ’s salvation , or was salvation something unmerited and unearned , a gift freely bestowed by God through Christ ?
If human beings are so steeped in sin that only Christ can redeem them , do they cease to be human when and if they ’re saved ?
Since obedience to the law does n’t earn one grace , does breaking the law cause grace to be forfeited ?
Those who answer this last question in the negative are called Antinomians .
The word ( which means “ against the law ” ) was coined by Martin Luther to describe the errors of his student Johannes Agricola , who argued that believing Christians might abandon every scruple without any risk to their souls .
“ Art thou steeped in sin , an adulterer or a thief ? ” he asked .
“ If thou believest , thou art in salvation .
All who follow Moses must go to the Devil . ”
Most of the particulars of Hutchinson ’s alleged doctrinal errors , wrapped as they are in obscurities , are difficult for modern readers to grasp .
“ Theological controversies are as a rule among the most barren of the many barren fields of historic research , ” Charles Francis Adams wrote in his classic Three Episodes of Massachusetts History ( 1892 ) , “ and the literature of which they were so fruitful may , so far as the reader of to - day is concerned , best be described by the single word impossible . ”
With offhand condescension , Adams portrayed Hutchinson as an irritatingly superior busybody , a bored housewife who took a dislike to her ministers and got in over her head .
“ She knew much , ” he sniffed , “ But she talked out of all proportion to her knowledge .
She had thought a good deal , and by no means clearly ; having not infrequently mistaken words for ideas . ”
Though the Puritans feared Antinomianism , they did n’t really believe that Hutchinson , the deeply pious mother of fifteen children , was an advocate of free love or lawlessness .
But Massachusetts ’s ministers keenly resented her imputation that they themselves were in error , that if they showed their flocks a way , as she put it , “ it was a way to hell . ”
What infuriated the Puritans the most was n’t how Hutchinson parsed this or that doctrine ( when push came to shove , she would formally abjure her most extreme positions ) , but her implacable self - certainty .
She was convinced that her way was the Godliest — God himself had told her so .
During one of her trials , she told the court how God had urged her to leave England and go to Massachusetts , where , Daniel - like , she would triumph over her ungodly persecutors .
“ And see this Scripture fulfilled this day in mine eyes , ” she prophesied from the dock , “ Therefore take heed what ye go about to do unto me , for you have no power over my body , neither can you do me any harm , for I am in the hands of the eternal Jehovah my Savior , I am at his appointment , the bounds of my habitation are cast in Heaven , no further do I esteem of any mortal man , then creatures in his hand , I fear none but the great Jehovah , which hath foretold me of these things , and do verily believe that he will deliver me out of your hands , therefore take heed how you proceed against me ; for I know that for this you go about to do to me , God will ruin you and your posterity , and this whole State . ”
Where had Anne Hutchinson learned such an outrageous idea — that a person can be in direct communion with God ?
From the Bible ; from the promptings of her heart .
Minister John Cotton — who would later condemn her so severely — had taught her that the inward dwelling Spirit of Christ was more than a mere metaphor or abstraction .
“ It is not you that speak ( and consequently not you that think or do ) , ” he had written , “ But the Spirit of your Father that speaketh in you . ”
Just as Antinomianism was n’t something that Hutchinson had cooked up on her own , but an ineluctable ( if morally and philosophically problematic ) corollary of the doctrine of Justification by Grace Alone , there was ample biblical precedent for Hutchinson ’s conviction that she could hear God ’s voice .
When the court demanded that she tell them how she knew that it was God who spoke to her and not the Devil , she answered with a question of her own : “ How did Abraham know that it was the voice of God , when he commanded him to sacrifice his son ? ”
During the years of her exile , Hutchinson became a Seeker , a radical variant of Puritanism that held that all churches were false and that questioned the existence of the Trinity — but that believed in the inward dwelling spirit of Christ .
Many Seekers would join George Fox ’s Society of Friends , whose members the Puritans would persecute as zealously as they did Anne Hutchinson , imprisoning , banishing , and even executing them .
Charles Francis
Adams might have deprecated the theological importance of the Antinomian Controversy , yet he acknowledged that it was a seminal event in American history — “ the first of the many New England quickenings in the direction of social , intellectual and political development . ”
Hutchinson , he wrote , for all her foibles , was “ the great prototype ” of a New England Transcendentalist .
In a lecture at Boston ’s Masonic Temple in 1842 , Ralph Waldo Emerson defined the Transcendentalist as one who :
Adopts the whole connection of spiritual doctrine .
He believes in miracle , in the perpetual openness of the human mind to new influx of light and power ; he believes in inspiration and in ecstasy .
He wishes that the spiritual principle should be suffered to demonstrate itself to the end , in all possible applications to the state of man , without the admission of anything unspiritual ; that is anything positive , dogmatic , personal .
Hutchinson had all of Emerson ’s interiority , not to mention the passion of a Margaret Fuller and the principled civil disobedience of a Henry David Thoreau .
But she did n’t share their broadmindedness , their universalist spirit .
If Hutchinson ’s faith in her own divinity anticipated their mystic raptures , she was still a Calvinist to the core , convinced of humankind ’s innate depravity .
The Transcendentalists ’ talk of Oversoul and Godhead and Brahma would have mystified and very likely scandalized her .
But three and a half centuries after her death , she still has the power to inspire — and , just as she did in her own day , to drive some people crazy .
Just as I began to write these pages , a story broke in the news about the Public School Textbook Committee that was recently appointed in Texas .
One of its members , Peter Marshall ( whose eponymous ministry is “ dedicated to helping to restore America to its Bible - based foundations ” ) , objected when a proposed fifth grade history textbook included Anne Hutchinson in a list of “ significant colonial leaders ” along with William Penn , John Smith , and Roger Williams .
“ Anne Hutchinson does not belong in the company of these eminent gentlemen , ” Marshall wrote .
“ She was certainly not a significant colonial leader , and did n’t accomplish anything except getting herself exiled from the Massachusetts Bay Colony for making trouble . ”
Hutchinson ’s troublesomeness was inscribed on her DNA .
Her father Francis Marbury attended Christ College , Cambridge , and took orders for the clergy .
At some point in the 1570s he penned an allegorical play in the style of the University Wits called The Marriage Between Wit and Wisdom .
It was performed in London and survives today in a fragmentary and difficult - to - decipher manuscript that was transcribed , edited , and published by the Malone Society in 1961 .
Towards the end of the play , the allegorical figure of Wit is traduced by Idleness and thrown into jail .
Before Good Nurture can secure his release ,
Wit is heard lamenting in his cell :
The silly bird once caught in net
if she escape alive
will come no more so nigh the snare
her freedom to deprive
but rather she will leave her haunt
the which she used before
but I alas when steed is stolen
do shut the stable door
for being often caught before
yet could I not refrain
more foolish then the witless bird
I came to hand again
Alas the chains oppress me sore
wherewith I now am laid
Though the play is a farce , the scene strikes a somber note , for Marbury would be imprisoned himself .
During Marbury ’s childhood in the 1550s , the Church of England was still undecided about how Reformed it intended to be , whether it was a Catholic church with an English king filling in for the Roman pope or altogether Protestant .
Edward VI , who ascended the throne in 1547 , was England ’s first openly Protestant ruler , but he was a weak king and his reign was short — he was just fifteen years old when he died .
His Catholic successor Queen Mary executed scores of Protestants between 1553 and 1558 ; their stories fill the pages of Foxe ’s Book of Martyrs .
Zealous to purge every last vestige of Romanism from the English church , Marbury was much more of a dissenting Protestant or Puritan than a loyal Anglican .
And like his daughter would be , he was an incorrigible gadfly , a provocateur .
No sooner did he leave Cambridge to take a living as a deacon in Northampton than he began to publicly berate his colleagues for their ignorance and slackness .
Like
Wit in his play , he was twice arrested .
Even so , he refused to toe the line .
In November , 1578 , he was arrested for libel for a third time and hauled before the ecclesiastical Court of High Commission in London .
“ I come not to accuse but to defend , ” Marbury declared to the presiding bishop .
“ But because you urge me for advantage , I say the bishops of London are guilty of the death of as many souls as have perished by the ignorance of the ministers of their making whom they know to be unable . ”
“ Use my Lord more reverently , ” the court secretary remonstrated Marbury .
“ He is a peer of the Realm ; I perceive your words are puffed up with pride . ”
“ Sir , I speak but the truth to him , ” Marbury retorted .
“ I reverence him so far as he is reverend and I pray God to teach him to die . ”
“ Thou speakest of making ministers ! ” the bishop expostulated .
William Shakespeare was only fourteen years old in 1578 , but the bishop sounds uncannily like one of the officious buffoons that turn up in so many of his comedies .
“ Thou takest upon thyself to be a preacher , but there is nothing in thee ; thou art a very ass , an idiot and a fool .
Thou art courageous , nay , thou art impudent !
By my troth , I think he be mad , he careth for nobody . ”
When the bishop tried to reason with Marbury , to make him understand that the church could only work with the human resources it had at hand , Marbury ’s comeback — categorical and utterly unanswerable — epitomizes the heretical spirit of his famous daughter :
“ It is better to have nothing than that which God would not have ! ”
As the jailer conveyed Marbury off to prison , he flung back a curse disguised as a benediction : “ I am to go whither it pleaseth God , but remember God ’s judgments .
You do me open wrong .
I pray God to forgive you . ”
Marbury was restored to the pulpit again two years later , at the church of St. Wilfrid ’s in Alford , Lincolnshire .
In addition to his duties as vicar , he served as master of the Alford Free Grammar School , where one of his students was John Smith , of Jamestown , Virginia , fame .
Marbury married and had three daughters , two of whom survived ; when his first wife died , he married Bridget Dryden , whose older brother ’s grandson would be the poet John Dryden ( yet another famous name — the world was at once much bigger and much smaller in those days ) .
Anne was Bridget ’s third child and the second to survive ; twelve more would follow .
Marbury would have one last run-in with church authorities in 1590 , just before Anne was born , when he criticized its ill - educated bishops as “ self - seeking soul murderers . ”
He was placed under house arrest and remained in limbo for the next three years .
It was around this time that he adapted the transcript of his earlier trial as a play and had it published in an anthology of Puritan tracts .
The lines I quoted give a fair sense of its flavor — it is livelier and much more to the point than the stylized , high - browed waggery of The Marriage Between Wit and Wisdom .
Marbury ’s sangfroid as he deftly turns his accusers ’ judgments back on themselves can’t but remind readers of his famous daughter ’s equipoise during her own trials , six decades later and a continent away .
His parting words to the bishop foreshadow Anne ’s after she was delivered up to Satan , accounted a “ Heathen and a Publican , ” and formally excommunicated from the Church of Boston .
“ The Lord judgeth not as man judgeth , ” she said as she walked out of the meeting house for the last time .
“ Better to be cast out of the church than to deny Christ . ”
It was a role she was destined to play ; she had been rehearsing for it since her earliest girlhood .
Along with the Bible and Fox ’s Book of Martyrs , Marbury had used his version of his trial as a primer when he taught Anne and her siblings how to read .
It ’s tempting to construct an elaborate Freudian apparatus around Anne Hutchinson , what with all the attractive - yet - compromised father figures she had to contend with ( her mentor John Cotton shrank from the implications of his most radical ideas ; her father , too , eventually reconciled with the Anglican establishment ) .
One of the crimes the Puritans charged her with was violating the Fifth Commandment , “ which commands us , ” Governor John Winthrop reminded her , “ to honor Father and Mother , which include all in authority . ”
But when all is said and done , the Texas textbook commissioner might have said it best :
Anne Hutchinson was a troublemaker — her most important legacy was her very ungovernableness .
Hutchinson epitomized Jesus ’s all - or - nothing morality and Protestantism ’s dissenting spirit .
During America ’s birth pangs , when our Puritan forefathers were assembling the machinery of a theocratic state , the truest , deepest believer of them all — a woman and a midwife yet , who was pregnant most of her adult life and up to her elbows in blood and bodily fluids — tried to toss a monkey wrench into the works .
The America we live in today is built on a foundation of paradoxes and tensions : its strong government co-exists with extravagant ideals of personal liberty ; its citizens ’ religiosity is guaranteed by its government ’s religious neutrality .
The authoritarian Governor Winthrop and the disobedient Hutchinson — the American Jezebel , as he called her — are two sides of the same American coin , forever in tension : thesis and antithesis , Yin and Yang .
Nathaniel Hawthorne invoked “ the sainted Anne Hutchinson ” in The Scarlet Letter ; he also paid tribute to her “ extraordinary talent and strong imagination ” and her “ irregular and daring thought ” in a sketch he wrote about her in 1830 .
“ There is a delicacy … that perceives , or fancies , a sort of impropriety in the display of woman ’s naked mind to the gaze of the world , ” he averred .
Hawthorne pictured Hutchinson as she is frequently depicted in engravings , standing “ loftily before her judges , with a determined brow and , unknown to herself … a flash of carnal pride half hidden in her eye . ”
In April of 1851 , Herman Melville wrote Nathaniel Hawthorne a letter .
He apologized that he had n’t been able to find a cobbler in Pittsfield to fashion a pair of boots for one of the Hawthorne children , and he raved about Hawthorne ’s newest book , The House of Seven Gables .
Theirs was not an easy friendship — Melville ’s emotional intensity was off putting to Hawthorne , and he had the disquieting habit of projecting his most eccentric , not to say transgressive , ideas onto his famous friend .
In the review of Mosses from an Old Manse that Melville had published in The Literary World a year before , he ’d written of the blackness that shrouds one half of Hawthorne ’s soul , a blackness “ ten times black . ”
Whether there really lurks in him , perhaps unknown to himself , a touch of Puritanic gloom , — this , I can not altogether tell .
Certain it is , however , that this great power of blackness in him derives its force from its appeals to that Calvinistic sense of Innate Depravity and Original Sin , from whose visitations , in some shape or other , no deeply thinking mind is always and wholly free .
…
Still more : this black conceit pervades him , through and through .
In his letter from Pittsfield , Melville told Hawthorne that he embodies “ the tragicalness of human thought in its own unbiased , native , and profounder workings . ”
We mortals , Melville continued , “ incline to think that God cannot explain His own secrets , and that He would like a little information upon certain points Himself . ”
But if we would only cease our theologizing , we would begin to apprehend the universe ’s deepest truth : that it is what it is .
“ Take God out of the dictionary , and you would have Him in the street . ”
Melville proposes that grace is to be found in moments of Zen - like silent attentiveness , in what the poet John Keats , in a different context , called “ negative capability ” — “ when man is capable of being in uncertainties , Mysteries , doubts without any irritable reaching after fact & reason . ”
True spirituality is the reward of an open mind ; anything “ positive , dogmatic , personal ” is inimical to it .
“ There is the grand truth about Nathaniel Hawthorne , ” Melville concludes his letter .
“ He says No ! in thunder ; but the Devil himself cannot make him say yes . ”
For all men who say yes , lie ; and all men who say no , — why , they are in the happy condition of judicious , unencumbered travellers in Europe ; they cross the frontiers into Eternity with nothing but a carpet - bag , — that is to say , the Ego .
Whereas those yes - gentry , they travel with heaps of baggage , and , damn them !
they will never get through the Custom House .
Whether or not Melville accurately plumbed the depths of Hawthorne ’s soul , he captured the essence of religious inspiration — and of heresy too .
Heretics — and Melville was every bit the heretic that Anne Hutchinson was — simply do n’t know how to say “ yes ” to anything that is dogmatic , authoritarian , or unspiritual .
Which is why we need them so badly .
When the government says the the nation added 117,000 jobs last month , or the economy grew at an annual rate of 1.3 percent last quarter , it does n't mean that the nation actually added that many jobs , or that the economy actually grew at that rate .
It means those are the best estimates from the people who are trying to figure out what 's really going on .
The thing is , those estimates are often off by a wide margin .
We know this because the people who are trying to figure out what 's really going on revise their estimates as more data come in .
The later revisions , based on more and better data , are closer to what actually happened than the initial estimates .
We were reminded of this uncertainty by the recent massive revision in economic growth numbers , which showed the U.S. economy grew much more slowly than was previously thought in the first quarter of this year .
This morning 's New York Times has a useful explainer on that revision — and a broader look at estimates of economic growth .
Here 's the key big - picture paragraph :
The growth rate that the government announces roughly one month after the end of each quarter ... has been off the mark over the period from 1983 to 2009 by an average of 1.3 percentage points , compared with more fully analyzed figures released years later , according to federal data .
That 1.3 percentage points is a big deal , given that economic growth is typically around 3 percent per year .
The NYT piece also has a detailed look at why the first - quarter estimate was so far off .
Quick summary :
The answer in this case is surprisingly simple : the Bureau of Economic Analysis , charged with crunching the numbers , concluded that it had underestimated the value of vehicles sitting at dealerships and the nation 's spending on imported oil .
We , like lots of journalists , economists and investors , pay close attention to a handful of these key indicators , including economic growth .
It 's worth paying more attention to the revisions — and keeping in mind that the initial estimates may be way off .
Throughout the debate over ACTA transparency , many countries have taken public positions that they support release of the actual text , but that other countries do not .
Since full transparency requires consensus of all the ACTA partners , the text simply can't be released until everyone is in agreement .
Of course , those same countries hasten to add that they can't name who opposes ACTA transparency , since that too is secret .
No longer .
In an important new leak from the Netherlands ( Dutch , Google English translation , better English translation ) , a Dutch memorandum reporting back on the Mexico ACTA negotiation round names names , pointing specifically to which countries support releasing the text and which do not ( note that the memo does not canvass everyone – Canada , Australia , and New Zealand are known to support transparency but are not named in the memo ) .
According to the Dutch memo , the UK has played a lead role in making the case for full disclosure of the documents and is of the view that there is consensus for release of the text ( there is support from many countries including the Netherlands , Sweden , Finland , Ireland , Hungary , Poland , Estonia , and Austria ) .
However , the memo indicates that several countries are not fully supportive including Belgium , Portugal , Germany , and Denmark .
Of these four countries , the Dutch believe that Denmark is the most inflexible on the issue .
Outside of the Europe , the memo identifies three problem countries .
While Japan is apparently supportive , both South Korea and Singapore oppose ACTA transparency .
Moreover , the U.S. has remained silent on the issue , as it remains unconvinced of the need for full disclosure .
In doing so , it would appear that the U.S. is perhaps the biggest problem since a clear position of support might be enough to persuade the remaining outliers .
The memo also provides additional new information on the substance of the Mexico meeting .
It confirms that countries are still not willing to make significant concessions .
The countries are closing in on agreement on the border measures chapter , but are finding disagreements on civil enforcement due to differing legal systems .
There is still no agreement on transit shipments or exports , nor on the scope of the treaty ( EU continuing to push for broader coverage ) .
This is an important leak , since it provides at least one perspective on who remains a barrier to ACTA transparency .
Those in the U.S. , South Korea , Singapore , Belgium , Portugal , Germany , and Denmark should be demanding answers from their leaders .
Oh man , I used to love Doritos , but I have to say , my Doritos eating days are long behind me .
I know that there is no way that I could create a homemade Dorito replica ( at least not in a healthy way ) , but I felt pretty confident that I could create a tasty baked chip .
Inspired by the spicy chips of my childhood , I put a lot of flavor into these baked chips - chili powder , cumin , paprika and cayenne pepper .
I even opted to use lime juice instead of oil to make the spices stick .
A lower calorie option that gives the chips more zing !
These are perfect for any time you want a snack .
You can dip them in salsa or guacamole - or eat them plain .
Chili Lime Tortilla Chips
12 corn tortillas , cut into quarters
1/2 a lime
1 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/2 teaspoon paprika
pinch cayenne pepper
salt to taste ( optional - I did n't use any )
Preheat your oven to 350F
Mix the spices together in a bowl .
Add a pinch of salt if you 're using salt .
Put the corn tortilla pieces in a gallon size ziplock bag .
Ad the lime juice and shake gently to coat the tortilla pieces .
Add the remaining spice mix a little at at time , shaking the chips to coat .
Spread the chips out on a pan and place in to the oven .
Depending on the size of your pan , you may need to do two or three batches .
Cook for X until the chips are crispy and just starting to change color .
Variations : Substitute lemon juice for lime juice and 2 teaspoons of your favorite curry powder instead of the spice blend .
The Philosophical Baby : What Children 's Minds Tell Us About Truth , Love , and the Meaning of Life by Alison Gopnik Farrar , Straus and Giroux , 288 pp. , $ 25.00
The most elusive period of our lives occurs from birth to about the age of five .
Mysterious and otherworldly , infancy and early childhood are surrounded later in life by a curious amnesia , broken by flashes of memory that come upon us unbidden , for the most part , with no coherent or reliable context .
With their sensorial , almost cellular evocations , these memories seem to reside more in the body than the mind ; yet they are central to our sense of who we are to ourselves .
Part of the appeal of psychoanalysis may be that , in its quest to locate the faded child in the adult , it turns the adult into a kind of child at a play date with his analyst .
The date is structured along the lines of imaginary play , complete with free association and open - ended conversation that can wind up anywhere ; but like imaginary play , the date with the analyst follows a series of strict rules .
The aim is to articulate what has been repressed , to fill in a blank in the narrative about ourselves .
But as Alison Gopnik and her fellow cognitive psychologists have discovered , those years are so difficult to recapture not because of repression but because the states of consciousness and memory in early childhood are so different from those we experience later on .
“ Children and adults are different forms of Homo sapiens , ” writes Gopnik in The Philosophical Baby , a tour through the recent findings of cognitive science about the minds of young children .
For one thing , the prefrontal lobe , which has a major part in blocking out stimuli from other parts of the brain and fostering internally driven attention , is undeveloped in young children , and does n’t fully form in most people until they are in their twenties .
Internally driven attention , cognitive research suggests , is n’t a capacity that children fully acquire until at least the age of five .
What arouses them is what is in front of their eyes , the first burst of information about cause and effect in the physical world .
Highly active in the brains of infants are the occipital cortex , in the rear of the brain , which guides attention to the visual world , and the parietal cortex , which helps one adjust to new events .
It ’s not surprising to learn that magnetic imaging shows both these cortices light up in adults while they are engrossed in watching a movie ( at the same time , the prefrontal lobe goes dormant ) .
The suspension of disbelief and the swift orientation to a passively received bombardment of unexpected visual stimuli may approximate aspects of the infant ’s state of being .
Gopnik speculates that early childhood prepares us for both the appreciation and creation of art : imaginary play among children hones the ability to entertain counterfactuals — the alternative worlds out of which art , and invention of …
ARLINGTON —
As debate club president and a top student , Arlington High School senior Justin Surber has studied the constitutional rights of free speech .
Surber , 18 , recently took a stand that will keep him from appearing in his club ’s yearbook photo .
Once a week , Surber wears a black T - shirt featuring the 19th - century philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche ’s take on religion .
In block letters , the shirt reads “ GOD IS DEAD . ”
Nobody has told him he can’t wear the shirt to school .
He wears it to provoke debate , he says , and that ’s why he wore the shirt the day the debate club photo was taken for the yearbook .
Now Surber believes his T - shirt prompted the school ’s yearbook adviser to ask for a retake of the photo , without the T - shirt .
“ I feel I am a victim of censorship , ” Surber said .
When a student yearbook staff member came to take a second photo of the debate club a few weeks ago , Surber ’s friend Reed Summerlin asked for an explanation .
The yearbook staffer indicated she had been asked by the yearbook adviser not to tell Surber the reason for the retake , Summerlin said .
“ She said it was about Justin ’s shirt . ”
In protest , Surber and Summerlin chose not to be in the second photo .
“ I support Justin and his opinions , but this is a touchy case , ” Summerlin said .
“ The loopholes will allow the school to say the T - shirt ca n’t be in the yearbook . ”
The school district ’s lawyer advised school administrators that a student ’s First Amendment rights are n’t violated if the yearbook staff decides not to run a photograph of that student , said district spokeswoman Misti Gilman .
The yearbook adviser ’s personal beliefs did n’t play a part in the decision to have the debate club photo retaken , and she and the yearbook staff can exercise their discretion to omit offensive and inappropriate content , Gilman said .
Arlington ’s student handbook says that student publications sponsored by the school are not considered the private speech of students but are public activities of the school district , Gilman said .
The student handbook also protects student expression as long as it does n’t disrupt the educational environment , Surber argues .
“ It seems the debate club photo was retaken because my beliefs are not respected by this institution , ” Surber said .
“ Given that photos of students in clothing with Christian messages are allowed in yearbook , one has to wonder if they are taking too much power into their hands with the whole discretion thing . ”
Some of the other students in the original debate club photo may not have wanted to be associated with Surber ’s T - shirt , and they may have expressed concern about being in the same photo with Surber , Principal Kurt Criscione said .
“ The yearbook staff takes great pride in their work , ” Criscione said .
“ They want to present the best possible snapshot of life at Arlington High School . ”
Two weeks ago , Surber wrote e-mails to his principals and the school superintendent , expressing his concern about the retake of the debate club photo for the yearbook .
He said he has yet to hear back from anyone .
Criscione said he decided that Surber ’s note was just an expression of opinion , not something that required any action on the part of the administration .
Instead , Surber should have gone directly to the yearbook adviser with his concerns , Criscione said .
“ Just think of the learning opportunities he and the yearbook staff could have had if they had discussed First Amendment rights . ”
Surber said he did not want to create a personal problem with the yearbook adviser and decided instead to send a note to the principal and vice principals .
“ Not one of them could even take the time to respond .
To even tell me I should go talk to ( the yearbook adviser ) , I did n’t ask the principal for action as I did n’t know what actions could actually be taken .
This is n’t your everyday issue , ” Surber said .
Surber has a cumulative grade point average of 3.85 and works 30 hours a week at local fast - food restaurant .
His goal is to graduate from law school and enter the political arena .
Surber said he loves his school .
“ But I just ca n’t sit back and let censorship happen .
The yearbook is for students .
I want to be remembered by my peers as someone who stood for what he believed in , ” he said .
“ Whatever happens with this , the process has been an education . ”
Gale Fiege : 425-339-3427 ; gfiege@heraldnet.com .
Posted on by BBVM
For Central Connecticut State University student John Wahlberg , a class presentation on campus violence turned into a confrontation with the campus police due to a complaint by the professor .
On October 3 , 2008 , Wahlberg and two other classmates prepared to give an oral presentation for a Communication 140 class that was required to discuss a “ relevant issue in the media ” .
Wahlberg and his group chose to discuss school violence due to recent events such as the Virginia Tech shootings that occurred in 2007 .
Shortly after his professor , Paula Anderson , filed a complaint with the CCSU Police against her student .
During the presentation Wahlberg made the point that if students were permitted to conceal carry guns on campus , the violence could have been stopped earlier in many of these cases .
He also touched on the controversial idea of free gun zones on college campuses .
That night at work , Wahlberg received a message stating that the campus police “ requested his presence ” .
Upon entering the police station , the officers began to list off firearms that were registered under his name , and questioned him about where he kept them .
They told Wahlberg that they had received a complaint from his professor that his presentation was making students feel “ scared and uncomfortable ” .
“ I was a bit nervous when I walked into the police station , ” Wahlberg said , “ but I felt a general sense of disbelief once the officer actually began to list the firearms registered in my name .
I was never worried however , because as a law - abiding gun owner , I have a thorough understanding of state gun laws as well as unwavering safety practices . ”
Professor Anderson refused to comment directly on the situation and deferred further comment .
“ It is also my responsibility as a teacher to protect the well being of our students , and the campus community at all times , ” she wrote in a statement submitted to The Recorder .
“ As such , when deemed necessary because of any perceived risks , I seek guidance and consultation from the Chair of my Department , the Dean and any relevant University officials . ”
Wahlberg believes that her complaint was filed without good reason .
“ I do n’t think that Professor Anderson was justified in calling the CCSU police over a clearly nonthreatening matter .
Although the topic of discussion may have made a few individuals uncomfortable , there was no need to label me as a threat , ” Wahlberg said in response .
“ The actions of Professor Anderson made me so uncomfortable , that I did n’t attend several classes .
The only appropriate action taken by the Professor was to excuse my absences . ”
The university police were unavailable for comment .
“ If you ca n’t talk about the Second Amendment , what happened to the First Amendment ? ” asked Sara Adler , president of the Riflery and Marksmanship club on campus .
“ After all , a university campus is a place for the free and open exchange of ideas . ”
- Shauna Simeone , Asst. Opinion Editor
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Censorship , Civil Liberties , Communications , Education Industrial Complex , Free Speech , Guns , Prison Industrial Complex , Privacy | Tagged : CCSU Police , CCSU Recorder , Central Connecticut State University , Communication 140 , First Amendment , John Wahlberg , Paula Anderson , Riflery and Marksmanship Club , Riflery and Marksmanship lub , Second Amendment , Virginia Tech |
If you are a fan of Growing Pains or Star Trek , you will know the name Andrew Koenig .
He is missing , according to friends and family .
Koenig , 41 , played the character " Boner " on Growing Pains and is the son of actor Walter Koenig , who is known for his role as Chekov on Star Trek .
Andrew has been missing for a week , according to his dad 's official web site .
He was last seen in Vancouver on Feb. 14 and never boarded his return flight to the United States on Feb. 16 .
Celebrities , including Kevin Smith , Alyssa Milano and Sarah Silverman , have put the word out on Twitter .
Walter Koenig 's site , which shows a recent photo of his son and lists a contact at the Vancouver Police Department , notes that Andrew " performs at The Improv and is a camera operator for Never Not Funny . "
Andrew 's parents say that he was " suffering from depression " in the days leading up to his disappearance , reports TMZ .
-- Lorena Blas
High - level corporate machinations are generally beyond the immediate concern of sitcom writers , but the creators of at least one NBC comedy likely took a keen interest in General Electric ’s sale of the network to Comcast on Thursday .
“ 30 Rock , ” the backstage comedy created by Tina Fey , bases plenty of jokes on the tension between the show - within - the - show , “ TGS , ” and its corporate overseer , which had been G.E .
On Thursday night , Alec Baldwin , who plays Jack Donaghy on “ 30 Rock , ” a G.E. executive and corporate foil to Ms. Fey ’s character , briefly touched on the Comcast purchase in an Times Talks interview with Janet Maslin , book critic for The New York Times .
While Mr. Baldwin claimed to have no interest in the corporate implications of the deal , he did have some narrative ideas .
“ I wanted my character to barricade himself in his office , and he would not take orders from anyone at Comcast , ” he said .
“ And I would only take orders from Jack Welch — that guy does n’t even work at G.E. anymore . ”
Watch a clip of Mr. Baldwin on “ 30 Rock ” here and an excerpt from last night ’s talk below .
Some people call them “ wiggers ” but I just call them “ idiots ” .
I used to wonder where they learned to be so racially condescending - presuming that dressing and “ talking black ” was a cool thing to do .
But now I suspect that many of them have taken a course under Maurice Martinez , an education professor at UNC - Wilmington .
The class “ Teacher , School , and Society ” ( EDN 200 ) is required of all education majors .
When students take Maurice Martinez for the class they get a special treat .
Maurice teaches them “ Black English . ”
In 2003 , he even copyrighted course materials to make white future teachers fluent in “ Black English . ”
To think I used to call ebonics the “ new black death . ”
In retrospect , that was mighty Caucasian of me – and that is n’t a good thing .
If only I had taken Professor Martinez for “ Teacher , School , and Society ” I would know better .
In his class , students are taught that “ many African Americans speak and use a form of English that is somewhat different from Standard English . ”
They also learn that “ the rules of Black American English are functional to those who use them . ”
Professor Martinez states that “ Many teachers are unaware of the rules of Black American English . ”
But he does not blame white teachers .
In fact , he says the blame “ should not be placed upon the student or the teacher , but upon ‘ unawareness . ’ ”
Maurice believes that if we wish to succeed in our “ No child left behind ” efforts we can begin by “ trying to understand the language spoken by African American children . ”
Maurice cautions that “ not all 36 million African Americans choose to speak Black English , especially the educated middle and upper income blacks . ”
I was n’t surprised to hear that many “ educated middle and upper income blacks ” refrain from the use of Black English .
But , then again , I was n’t surprised the first time I heard that “ more people are in prison despite the fact that crime is down . ”
Maurice devotes dozens of pages of class notes to teaching white future teachers the specifics of Black English .
It is n’t rocket science but it ’s darned close .
For example , Maurice teaches his students that while whites use terms like “ This , that , them , these , and those ” blacks often say “ Dis , dat , dem , dese , and dose . ”
His notes say “ There is a ‘ duh ’ sound substituted for the ‘ th ’ sound in the beginning of the word .
Actually , the “ duh ” sound was the student reaction to Professor Martinez ’ lecture .
There are some things so obvious that even education majors can learn them on their own .
Of course , if a white teacher is going to teach black kids , she needs to learn how to curse like they do .
Here , Professor Martinez is brilliant .
He informs us that while whites use the terms “ mother ” and “ brother , ” blacks often prefer to say “ muvah ” and “ bruvah . ”
Maurice even gives a sample sentence : “ My muvah cook grits . ”
But he cautions that when using profanity in conjunction with the “ F - word ” it is best to pronounce “ mother ” properly .
Well , I ’ll be a muvah f----r!
I mean , I ’ll be a mother f-----r!
Maurice , the tenured education professor , also informs students that when using plurals it is not necessary to add an “ s ” in Black English .
That ’s why a paper costs “ 50 cent , ” not “ 50 cents . ”
Is this making sense ?
Or do we say “ making cent ” ?
All of this is getting so confusing I ’m thinking about taking a trip to the public library to confirm the existence of a thing called “ Black English . ”
But Maurice cautions that “ library ” is a white way of saying things .
Blacks say “ liberry ” – that is , those who speak Black English .
I already knew many words in Black English before I perused Professor Martinez ’ class notes .
For example , I knew “ before ” was “ fo ” and “ fifty ” was “ fitty . ”
But I have to admit that I never knew that “ corner ” was “ cornda . ”
Now I can say “ Look at that ho on the cornda .
I never seen that ho ‘ fo . ”
The possibilities are endless in the world of multiculturalism and diversity !
But Black English can be used to avoid conflicts , according to Professor Martinez .
Specifically , one can help avoid fights if one is aware of certain “ fighting words ” in Black English .
For example , the white teacher should be on guard if she hears “ why you trippin ’ ? ” or “ shut up ‘ fo I spaz on you . ”
Apparently , that ’s even worse than when a redneck says “ you ai n’t no count . ”
But not everything that seems like a clue to a fight really is a clue to a fight .
For example , “ yeah , he packin ’ ” would seem to mean “ he has a gun . ”
But in Black English , according to Professor Martinez ’ notes , it could just mean “ yes , he ’s well endowed . ”
When white students are done with their homework , Professor Martinez may decide to ask them “ Did you do your homework ? ”
In response , he has taught them the correct Black English answer : “ Teacher , I been done did dat . ”
After sending their kids to study education at UNC - Wilmington , many parents may decide they want their tuition money back .
Thankfully , Maurice teaches 18 ways to say “ money ” in Black English : Book , bread , cake , cash , cheddar , cheese , chump change , coins , crumbs , dough , eagle , fitty , green , jingle , loot , moola , scrilla , and Benjamin .
I recommend that parents , black or white , call UNC - Wilmington and say “ I want my chump back , ‘ cause Professor Martinez is whack ! ”
Or , to make it less personal , they could say “ I want my scrilla , ‘ fo rilla ! ”
I ’ve always said that within higher education the idiots have taken over the asylum .
But , now that I know Black English , I guess I ’ll just say the dizzy have taken over the hizzie .
The IRS has released Individual Income Tax Data of Taxpayers with the Top 400 Adjusted Gross Income :
The data in Tables 1 - 3 are based on the individual returns with the largest adjusted gross income reported each specific year shown and do not necessarily reflect the same taxpayers over the 16 - year time period reflected .
Therefore , Table 4 is available to present the number of times an individual return appeared among the 400 largest adjusted gross incomes for each of tax years 1992 through 2007 .
This release contains four tables which contain information from the Top 400 Individual Income Tax Returns for each of Tax Years 1992 through 2007 .
Table 1 contains frequencies , money amounts , and average dollar amounts for the major income , deduction , and tax credits reported as part of the Form 1040 ( U.S. Individual Income Tax Return ) .
Table 2 shows ranges of marginal tax rate for the various statutory rates ( including the alternative minimum tax rates ) that were in effect for Tax Years 1992 through 2007 while Table 3 shows the range of average tax rates up to 35 percent and over , computed as total income tax divided by adjusted gross income .
David Cay Johnston examines the data in Tax Rates for Top 400 Earners Fall as Income Soars , IRS Data Show :
The incomes of the top 400 American households soared to a new record high in dollars and as a share of all income in 2007 , while the income tax rates they paid fell to a record low , newly disclosed tax data show .
In 2007 the top 400 taxpayers had an average income of $ 344.8 million , up 31 % from their average $ 263.3 million income in 2006 , according to figures in a report that the IRS posted to its Web site ....
Their effective income tax rate fell to 16.62 % , down more than half a percentage point from 17.17 % in 2006 , the new data show .
...
Since 1992 , the bottom 90 % of Americans have seen their incomes rise by 13 % in 2009 dollars , compared with an increase of 399 % for the top 400 .
The annual top 400 report was first made public by the Clinton administration , but the George W. Bush administration shut down access to the report .
Its release was resumed a year ago when President Obama took office .
The Statistics of Income Division at the IRS created the top 400 reports at the urging of Joel Slemrod , a business professor at the University of Michigan . ...
Most of the income going to the top 400 tax returns is from capital .
Salaries and wages accounted for only 6.5 % of the top 400's income in 2007 , down from 7.4 % in 2006 and 26.2 % in 1992 .
The average salary rose from 2006 to 2007 , however , just at a slower rate than overall income growth .
The biggest source of income was capital gains , which are taxed at a maximum rate of 15 % .
Gains accounted for 66.3 % of 2007 income for the top 400 , up from 62.8 % in 2006 and 36.1 % in 1992 .
Only 7 of the top 400 have shown up in the report every year , the IRS data showed .
Of the 6,400 returns covered by the 16 years of the report , the IRS said that 2,515 , or almost 40 % , appeared one time .
Editor 's note :
The person quoted in this story as " Craig Barth " is actually Randall C. Kennedy , an InfoWorld contributor .
Kennedy , who presented himself as the CTO of Devil Mountain Software , no longer works at InfoWorld .
Given that he disguised his identity to Computerworld and a number of other publications , the credibility of Kennedy 's statements is called into question .
Rather than simply remove stories in which he is quoted , we have left them online so readers can weigh his data and conclusions for themselves .
Most Windows 7
PCs max out their memory , resulting in performance bottlenecks , a researcher said today .
Citing data from Devil Mountain Software 's community - based Exo.performance .network ( XPnet ) , Craig Barth , the company 's chief technology officer , said that new metrics reveal an unsettling trend .
On average , 86 % of Windows 7 machines in the XPnet pool are regularly consuming 90 % - 95 % of their available RAM , resulting in slow - downs as the systems were forced to increasingly turn to disk - based virtual memory to handle tasks .
The 86 % mark for Windows 7 is more than twice the average number of Windows XP machines that run at the memory " saturation " point , said Barth .
The most recent snapshot of XPnet 's 23,000 - plus PCs -- taken yesterday -- pegs only 40 % of XP systems as running low on memory .
" The vast majority of Windows 7 machines over the last several months are very heavily - memory saturated , " said Barth today .
" From a performance standpoint , that has an immediate impact on the machine . "
The low - memory condition of most Windows 7 PCs is even more notable considering the amount of RAM in Windows 7 systems : According to XPnet 's polling , Windows 7 PCs sport an average of 3.3GB of memory , compared to 1.7GB in the average Windows XP computer .
( Machines running Windows Vista contain an average of 2.7GB . )
" Windows 7 machines have almost twice as much memory to work with , " said Barth , " but the numbers show just how much larger and more complex Windows 7 is than XP . "
Barth acknowledged that XPnet 's data could n't determine whether the memory usage was by the operating system itself , or an increased number of applications , but said that Devil Mountain would start working on finding which is the dominant factor in increased memory use .
Other data that Devil Mountain collates as part of a new metric dubbed " Windows Composite Performance Index " ( WCPI ) quantifies peak processor workload and I /O performance .
Both of those measurements are also higher for Windows 7 systems than for XP machines .
While 85 % of the former are running at peak I/O loads , only 36 % of the latter do ; the numbers for CPU workload are closer , as 44 % of Windows 7 computers are running a computational backlog that delays processing tasks , compared to 36 % of the XP systems .
" This is alarming , " Barth said of Windows 7 machines ' resource consumption .
" For the OS to be pushing the hardware limits this quickly is amazing .
Windows 7 is not the lean , mean version of Vista that you may think it is . "
Long - time computer users are more familiar with the opposite : that hardware stays ahead of operating system requirements .
" On current - generation hardware right out of the gate , Windows 7 is maxing out the resources .
The old trend just is n't the case anymore .
Now , everything that Intel giveth , Microsoft taketh away , " Barth said .
" I think this is something that everyone in their gut knew , but now we have data , " said Barth .
" The metrics do n't lie . "
Users who want to compare their computers to the current WCPI numbers can do so by registering with XPnet and then installing the DMS Clarity Tracker Agent from Devil Mountain 's site .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Demonstrators demand restitution and reparations as French president Sarkozy arrives by helicopter .
All photos © 2010 HIP / Kevin Pina
Angry demonstrators demand Sarkozy to pay up and return Aristide to Haiti
Demonstrators show photos in support of ousted president Jean - Bertrand Aristide on Feb. 17 , 2010 Supporter of Jean - Bertrand Aristide calls for his return to help in relief and recovery efforts Haitian president Rene Preval turns his back on the crowd and leaves after demonstrators demand he allow ousted president Jean - Bertrand Aristide to return
by
Port au Prince , Haiti - HIP — Thousands of supporters of ousted president Jean - Bertrand Aristide took to the streets on Wednesday as French president Nicolas Sarkozy toured the earthquake ravaged capital of Port au Prince .
Holding pictures of the ousted president aloft they chanted for France to pay more then 21 billion dollars in restitution and reparations and to return Aristide as Sarkozy 's helicopter landed near Haiti 's quake damaged national palace .
Their demands stem from a long held dispute over compensation a nascent Haiti was forced to pay French slave owners in exchange for recognition of their independence and France 's role in ousting Aristide in 2004 .
Aristide , who remains widely popular among Haiti 's poor , first raised the issue of restitution and reparations in April 2003 .
His government argued that an agreement reached in 1825 forcing Haiti to pay 90 million gold francs to compensate their former slave masters severely crippled Haiti 's economic development .
The debt included massive interest and took 122 years to pay off with the final installment made in 1947 .
His government calculated that the total sum of the debt Haiti was forced to pay with interest , along with reparations for the unpaid labor of millions of slaves kidnapped from Africa and forced to work on French plantations in Haiti , came to more that 21 billion dollars .
Aristide 's administration pushed the issue on the international stage while airing commercials several times a day in Haiti that said , " We demand reparations and restitution .
France , pay me my money , $ 21,685,135,571.48 . "
Aristide was forced out of the country in a coup ten months later on Feb. 29 , 2004 and flown to the former French colony of the Central African Republic .
Although the main author of the coup is still seen as the administration of George W. Bush , Haitians have never forgotten the role that France played in supporting the opposition movement to Aristide and their demands that he resign .
Several weeks before Aristide was forced onto a plane and flown into exile , the government of then French president Jacques Chirac dispatched Véronique Albanel and Régis Debray to demand that he resign .
In an interview with writer Claude Ribbe one year after his ouster Aristide said , " These two French personalities came to the National Palace and asked me so .
That is already known .
The threats were groundless , they were evident and direct .
As good Haitians , we are respectful but we demand to be respected and we replied with respect and dignity .
The threats were evident and direct : you resign or you might be [ killed ] ! "
Before his tour of the destruction in Haiti 's capital and during an address to Haitian dignitaries , French president Sarkozy offered $ 400 million dollars in emergency assistance , reconstruction funds , and support for the Haitian government 's operating budget .
This was in addition to France 's earlier decision to cancel Haiti 's debt of $ 77 million dollars .
Paulette Joseph , a member of the Lavalas Mobilization Commission and one of the organizers of the demonstration responded , " That 's great that Sarkozy has come to give France 's support to the Haitian people in this difficult moment after the terrible earthquake that killed so many of our people and now forces us to live in greater misery . "
Joseph continued , " But $ 477 million dollars does n't even come close to the damage France inflicted upon Haiti before the earthquake .
We were suffering from poverty before this crisis as a result of the debt Haiti was forced to pay the slave masters to recognize our independence .
If our country is not equipped to handle this crisis and we are suffering more after the earthquake it is a direct result of that debt . "
" We need Aristide to return ! " shouted demonstrators as Haitian president Preval made a rare appearance on the lawn in front of Haiti 's destroyed seat of government following Sarkozy 's visit .
Waving photos of Aristide they also began chanting , " If Aristide were here he would be suffering along with us ! " as Preval turned his back on the crowd and withdrew to his luxury jeep amid tight security .
©2010 Haiti Information Project
see also
Protesters clash with police following rain in Haiti
If Obama can do it then why can't Haiti's Preval ?
Haiti : hell and hope
On the ground in Port au Prince
Haiti News Watch
AP misrepresents reality of Lavalas exclusion in Haiti elections
Two - faced Democracy in Haiti
Perverted Priorities : Corpses , sham elections , and sweatshops in Haiti
" Thank you Bill Clinton " — one more assassination by UN troops in Haiti
Contact us : info@haitiaction.org
Amy Bishop could face the death penalty if convicted of murder
The biology professor charged with shooting dead three staff at an Alabama university on Friday is alleged to have also killed her brother 24 years ago .
Amy Bishop shot her 18 - year - old brother in the chest , according to the current police chief of the Massachusetts town of Braintree where this occurred .
The case was logged as an accident and never came to court , Paul Frazier said .
Earlier , local media reported that Ms Bishop had opened fire during a faculty meeting after being denied a promotion .
Former colleagues have said the neurobiologist , who is in her 40s , was upset after losing out on a tenured position at the University of Alabama in Huntsville .
Police have refused to discuss a motive , and university spokesman Ray Garner has said the meeting was not called to discuss tenure .
The three people who were killed were the head of department and two other professors .
Two of the three injured , also biology department members , are said to be in a critical condition in hospital .
Ms Bishop could face the death penalty if convicted of murder , officials said .
Her husband is also reportedly being questioned .
' Different story '
The BBC's Madeleine Morris in Washington says the shooting has shocked many Americans , and the revelations about Ms Bishop 's past in Massachusetts are sure to increase that feeling of unease .
We had a job to do .
We did it , we used our own judgement under the circumstances
John Polio
Former Braintree police chief
At a news conference in her former hometown of Braintree , Police Chief Paul Frazier said the biology professor had killed her brother in 1986 .
It was reported as being an accident at the time , but he said officers who were serving then had told him that Ms Bishop shot the young man after an argument and fled the scene before being arrested at gunpoint .
Mr Frazier alleged she was never charged after the then police chief , John Polio , or someone acting on his behalf , intervened and told officers to release Ms Bishop .
He added that detailed records of the incident had been missing for more than 20 years .
" It is a far different story than what was reported at the time , " Mr Frazier said .
But his account was disputed by Mr Polio , now 87 , who insisted he had not told officers to release Ms Bishop and denied records had gone missing .
" Nobody was trying to cover anything up .
We had a job to do .
We did it , we used our own judgement under the circumstances , " he said , adding that the district attorney had not complained at the time .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The authorities in Massachusetts say they are talking to police in Alabama about the older case .
No decision to reopen that investigation has yet been made .
US educational sites have seen numerous fatal shooting attacks in recent years .
The most serious occurred at Virginia Tech University in 2007 , when a student killed 32 people before turning the gun on himself .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Passage of a jobs bill and extension of unemployment benefits was delayed again in the Senate Monday and today for a combination of reasons – a three - foot snowstorm and maneuvers by conservative lawmakers that an AFL - CIO blogger called “ snow madness . ”
Only three senators showed up to vote on anything and the House yesterday cancelled all votes because of the weather .
The fate of the extension of unemployment benefits that the labor movement has been demanding is one of the major issues that remained unresolved .
Last year the Senate unanimously approved a measure that extended unemployment benefits from 79 to 99 weeks .
But Republican lawmakers are signaling that the “ party of no ” may block an extension this year , particularly if it is included in a bigger jobs package .
Conservative Democrats favor extending the benefits temporarily , not for the whole year .
Liberal Democrats , noting that employers are not hiring , favor extending the benefits for the rest of the year .
Unions and their allies , meanwhile , are far from happy with what they see as the piecemeal approach Congress is taking so far on the unemployment crisis .
The labor - backed Economic Policy Institute says a much broader program is needed than anything Congress is considering right now .
Roger Hickey , co-chair of the Campaign for America ’s Future , said Monday , “ There ’s an assumption that the economy is on the mend , an assumption most unemployed Americans do n’t share . ”
“ Equally troubling , ” Hickey said , is that “ the usual liberal warriors in the Senate of reform and pro-worker policies have n’t stood up for large - scale programs . ”
One of the biggest failures , many say , is a lack of focus on the jobless crisis in the hardest hit low - income communities .
Writing in The New York Times yesterday , columnist Bob Herbert noted , “ What you ’re not hearing from the politicians and talking heads is that joblessness and unemployment in America ’s low - income households rival their heights in the Great Depression of the 1930s and in some cases are worse .
“ The same holds true for some categories of blue - collar workers .
Anyone who thinks this devastating problem is going away soon , or that the economy can be got back on track without addressing it , is delusional . ”
Although the official unemployment figures in January showed a statistically insignificant downward tick , they actually increased dramatically for African Americans .
The jobless rate for Black men over 20 rose a full percentage point to 17.6 percent .
Jared Bernstein , a leading White House economic adviser , defended the administration ’s record on the jobs crisis .
“ Our policies , most notably the Recovery Act , have helped us move from a situation where we were losing a nightmarish 750,000 jobs per month , to one in which we ’ve pulled back from the economic abyss and are moving close to adding jobs , on net , on a regular basis .
“ But , ” he added , “ we ca n’t kick back for a moment and have to hasten the arrival of more robust jobs growth with a set of measures targeted at the facts holding back job creation . ”
Meanwhile , there were more signs this week that a bipartisan group of lawmakers in Congress will be anything but helpful in the job creation effort .
Some are pushing deficit reduction and tax breaks for the rich as the way out of the crisis .
Claiming “ a working couple making $ 250,000 is barely able to make ends meet , ” Rep . Mike McMahon , a conservative New York Democrat , signaled he was joining Republicans who favor those tax breaks .
Blue Dog Democrats are signaling that they intend to push hard for government spending freezes .
In a move that will challenge both their leaders and the president , a group of Democratic House centrists will reportedly soon introduce a bill capping discretionary spending at specific levels , The Hill reported yesterday .
Dean Baker , director of the Center for Economic Policy Research , derided the so - called deficit hawks , saying , “ In spite of their whining , history and financial markets tell us that the deficit and debt levels that we are experiencing and currently seeing are not a serious problem .
“ The story , ” Baker declared , “ is that we are forcing people to be out of work – unable to properly care for their children , because billionaire investors are able to buy their way into and control the public debate .
The reality is that we have an unemployment crisis today , not a deficit crisis . ”
Photo : Job seekers line up to register at a City of Miami job fair , Jan. 26 .
Florida ’s unemployment rate is at 11.8 percent , the highest in Florida in almost 35 years .
Nearly 1,087,000 workers were searching for a paycheck in Florida in December .
( AP / Alan Diaz )
UPDATE 05/2012 :
If this is n’t working for you anymore , you might want to try this new method .
UPDATE : Some visitors are reporting that this works for Hulu as well .
The relationship between Comedy Central and Canada ’s Comedy Network is the worst example of what can happen when rights owners assert copyright on the internet , based on national borders .
If you are not aware – like Hulu , TV.com and others – Comedy Central videos will not play in Canada , but it ’s worse .
ComedyCentral.com – the entire domain – is unavailable to Canadian IPs !
When you try visit it , you are redirected to comedynetwork.ca .
I found a workaround to this buried in a comment thread on reddit .
Firefox users only :
For Canadian viewers , if you are using firefox , install the following addon :
http://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/967 then : 1 ) In Firefox , Go to tools -> modify headers
2 ) From the drop down box on the left select add
3 ) Then enter : “ X - Forwarded - For ” in the first input box without the quotation marks
4 ) Enter : “ 12.13.14.15 ” in the second input box without the quotation marks
5 ) Leave the last input box empty , and save the filter , and enable it
http://imgur.com/Feb4.png
6 ) Click the ‘ Configuration ’ tab on the right then proceed to check the ‘ always on ’ button .
Close the Modify Headers box and it should work .
[ orginal post ]
Works like a charm !
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News , San Diego
Progesterone protects neurons in the brain after an injury Natural progesterone , the sex hormone used in the first contraceptive pills , is to be tested on patients with severe head injuries .
Scientists will begin a phase III clinical trial in March and say the drug could save patients ' lives and reduce damage to their brains .
They announced the trial at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
It will involve 1,000 patients in 17 trauma centres across the US .
Dr David Wright , associate professor of emergency medicine at Emory University in Atlanta , will lead the trial .
Complex condition Previous studies have shown that progesterone supports the normal development of neurons in the brain , and that the hormone has a protective effect on damaged brain tissue .
Dr Wright told BBC News : " Traumatic brain injury is a complex condition - there 's swelling , and neuronal death and damage occurring all at the same time .
" The beauty of progesterone is that it seems to work on all of those things . "
In earlier tests , the Emory University researchers found that progesterone reduced the risk of death in patients with brain injuries .
Dr Wright hopes that , following this trial , progesterone will become the first drug treatment in 30 years to be approved specifically for severe traumatic brain injury .
Yams
The active ingredient , natural progesterone , is very similar to that used in the first contraceptive pills .
This has now been superseded by a synthetic progesterone known as progestin .
But , for brain injury , only the natural hormone appears to have the desired protective effect .
During the trial , patients with blunt trauma head injuries will be given an infusion of natural progesterone that will last for four days .
The hormone is extracted from wild yams .
" The dose is probably about three times what would be found in [ the blood ] of a female in the third trimester of pregnancy , " Dr Wright explained .
The US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has made a special allowance for the team to administer the drug without patients ' consent - so it can be given as soon as possible and have the maximum protective effect .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Insider : The Indus Enigma by Samir S. Patel
The elusive true nature of an ancient script inspires passionate debate
" Unicorn " seals , like this one from Mohenjo - Daro in Pakistan , are among the most distinctive Indus artifacts .
Though it has only eight symbols , the inscription is long by Indus standards .
( Copyright J.M. Kenoyer , Courtesy Dept. of Archaeology and Museums , Govt. of Pakistan )
This article could be used to build a model of the English language .
It would be imperfect -- the text is short and the content specialized -- but it would probably show that this collection of simple symbols encodes a spoken language , even if an alien observer was unable to decipher it .
Written language has rules , which can be revealed through mathematical analysis , that make it understandable and grant it almost infinite communicative power .
The mathematical modeling of natural language , known as computational linguistics , is the latest battleground in one of the most contentious scholarly , and often not - so - scholarly , debates left to us by the ancient world : the nature of the Indus script , short series of symbols that appear on a variety of small artifacts from the sophisticated and wide - ranging Indus civilization in South Asia around 4,000 years ago .
We do n't know what the symbols mean -- in fact , we do n't know whether the " script " encodes language at all or is a kind of symbol system , like heraldry or signs in an airport .
Undeciphered ancient texts are archaeology at its most mysterious and romantic , but the Indus is more than a maddening intellectual puzzle .
Knowing the nature of the script and understanding its signs will change our view of the earliest civilizations , but it is also a matter of modern identity -- many South Asians , from rickshaw drivers to politicians , have pet theories -- and a source of equal measures of academic frustration , nationalistic fervor , and raw emotion .
The last decade has seen cooperation among scholars , as well as new theories and discoveries .
But it has also seen accusations of racism and scientific bias , name - calling , and even threats .
Samir S. Patel is a senior editor at ARCHAEOLOGY .
This apparent hole in the moon is like a skylight , a vertical cave 213 feet ( 65 meters ) across and some 262 to 289 feet deep ( 80 - 88 meters ) .
It is thought to be a collapsed lava tube .
The inset shows close - up of the boxed area .
The moon may not be made of Swiss cheese , but it appears to have at least one deep hole , a vertical skylight that could serve as a protective lunar base for future astronauts .
" We discovered a vertical hole on the moon , " an international team of scientists recently announced .
The gaping , dark pit on the near side of the moon is as big as a city block and deep as a modest skyscraper .
It is thought to be a collapsed lava tube , created perhaps billions of years ago when the moon was warmer and volcanically active .
The moon , overall , is more than 4 billion years old .
The discovery , detailed in the journal Geophysical Research Letters in October , was made using data from the moon - orbiting Japanese SELENE spacecraft .
It was not widely reported at the time , and the journal announced it today .
The work was led by Junichi Haruyama of the Japanese Space Agency JAXA .
Safe haven ?
Recent discoveries of water and water ice on the moon hold promise that astronauts could journey back and stay for longer periods , perhaps even establish lunar colonies .
But a remaining hurdle to setting up a permanent moon base is devising shelter to shield colonists from radiation and meteor strikes that befall the gray world , which has no protective atmosphere or magnetosphere .
" Because lava tubes are sheltered from the harsh environment on the moon 's surface , such tubes could one day be useful for lunar bases , " the scientists said in a statement .
Similar Mars caves have found and also envisioned as potential shelters , should humans desire to return to a sort of modernized cave man existence .
Deep and wide
The hole is nearly circular , about 213 feet ( 65 meters ) across with a depth of 262 to 289 feet ( 80 - 88 meters ) .
Here 's how scientists think it was created :
Flowing lava long ago left a tunnel with a roof of somewhat fragile , cooled lava , which later collapsed .
The hole is in the Marius Hills region , an area known to have been volcanic .
Space shuttle Endeavour approaches the International Space Station on Wednesday , with a docked Russian craft in the foreground .
The Tranquility node with its seven - windowed " cupola " , visible in the shuttle 's bay , was successfully installed on the station during a spacewalk on Friday .
Maybe he was trying out the TVs or the baseball bat , maybe he was struck by Walmart rage .
Whatever the case , this guy destroyed a row of TVs before sitting down in the electronics aisle and waiting for the police .
Advertisement
The smashed televisions add up to about $ 22,000 in damaged goods , 29 counts of criminal damage to property , and one bottle of confiscated anti-depressants .
I suppose that 's just an itsy - bitsy bit worse than what went down with that foul - mouthed Australian guy .
[ Huffington Post via Engadget ]
Illustration by M. Morgenstern
ONE day early this summer , when it was still possible to claim progress in Afghanistan , Robert Gates , America 's defence secretary , was at an Asian security gathering , reeling off the names of countries who had contributed to it .
The list — Canada , Mongolia , Poland — went on and on , while the harrumphing of a Chinese general in the third row grew ever louder .
Eventually , he held back no longer .
“ Why no China ? ” he demanded .
“ Where is China on this list ? ”
Where indeed ?
The question seemed odd .
Unlike the other countries on Mr Gates 's list , China has no military presence in Afghanistan .
Though China has peacekeepers as far afield as Haiti and Sudan , it is allergic to sending them to neighbouring countries .
Perhaps , this columnist later inquired of the general , he meant the modest intelligence that China shares with the United States on jihadists with connections in Xinjiang , China 's restive , preponderantly Muslim , western region ?
No , he replied testily .
“ I mean the mine .
Our copper mine . ”
Since then , the mine , at Aynak , a former al - Qaeda stronghold in Logar province just south of Kabul , has shot to prominence .
It is the second - biggest untapped source of copper in the world , no less , and China 's $ 3.5 billion investment , signed in late 2007 , is easily Afghanistan 's biggest .
Several miles of sandbags and chain - link fence now surround the mine .
Row upon row of neat prefabricated dormitories house several hundred Chinese .
When production starts , from 2011 , the Chinese owners get half the output and a multi-billion - dollar return on their investment .
And here the controversy begins .
For the mine 's security , in a land that epitomises insecurity , is paid for by others .
Some 1,500 Afghan police guard the site , subsidised by the Japanese .
The American army 's Tenth Mountain Division patrols the area .
As America wobbles over its Afghanistan commitments , Robert Kaplan , an American journalist , puts it thus in the New York Times : “ The problem is that while America is sacrificing its blood and treasure , the Chinese will reap the benefits .
The whole direction of America 's military and diplomatic effort is toward an exit strategy , whereas the Chinese hope to stay and profit . ”
Mr Kaplan acknowledges that exploiting mineral reserves creates Afghan jobs and fills the state exchequer .
He says China is not ordained to be America 's adversary .
So America 's vision of a moderately stable Afghanistan that no longer harbours extremists is not at odds with China 's vision of a secure conduit for natural resources dug out in Afghanistan or brought up from ports on the Indian Ocean .
Still , Mr Kaplan 's opinion , and a more critical strain , which argues that a murky bid process gave China the Aynak mine and that anyway such Chinese projects do not bring local prosperity , has touched a nerve in China .
Even calling China “ resource - hungry ” is inflammatory , says one commentary .
It all adds a “ precarious element ” to Sino - American relations .
If that is so , China is partly to blame .
A growing chorus in its official press calls for America to admit its blunders and pull its troops out of Afghanistan .
And though Hillary Clinton , the secretary of state , recently assured Pakistan it had American support in the face of Taliban terror , China points out that it will be in Pakistan long after the Americans are gone .
China prides itself on being Pakistan 's “ all - weather ” friend , regardless of the prevailing government — civilian and democratic , or military and repressive .
For Indian hawks , China 's growing presence in Afghanistan and deep entrenchment in Pakistan , including big infrastructure projects in disputed Kashmir , is all too much .
Giving themselves further frights , they point to a letter the China - dominated Shanghai Co-operation Organisation ( SCO , which includes Russia and Central Asian members ) recently received from the Taliban .
It asked for SCO help in driving the American infidels out of Afghanistan .
To the hawks , ever sensitive about historical mischief from the north - west , this is another Great Game .
So India , too is investing heavily in Afghanistan .
Yet for all China 's sneering at America 's military efforts in Afghanistan , China offers no alternative .
For now , both countries ' interests are not far apart .
China is as concerned as is the United States — and India , for that matter — about the prospect of a return to pre-war days .
The arrival in Palau this week of six Uighurs , originally from Xinjiang , and recently freed from prison in Guantánamo , is a reminder .
Under the Taliban , Afghanistan had given them shelter .
China still shivers at the idea of disaffected Uighurs fleeing to the wilds of Afghanistan or Pakistan to consort with jihadists .
American military power so close to China is not welcome in Beijing ; Taliban - backed militant havens even less so .
The Pakistani connection
Admittedly , for all China 's self - serving efforts to portray Xinjiang as victim of extremist violence by militants linked to al - Qaeda , evidence for this is slim .
Chinese concerns about a jihadist movement spreading across its borders from Afghanistan or Pakistan have until now been overblown .
A home - grown reaction to Chinese oppression is reason enough to explain Uighur unrest .
Yet even Pakistanis have at times been surprised by the vehemence of China 's concerns .
When Pakistan 's then military ruler , Pervez Musharraf , visited Beijing in 2003 to sign an extradition treaty between the two countries , he was taken aback by the ferocity of Chinese remonstrances about Uighur militants on Pakistani soil .
So China 's signals that it wants limits on the spread of American power in Central Asia should be taken with a pinch of salt .
The rhetoric is like that over America 's presence in East Asia : China grumbles about it publicly , but values America for its restraint on Japan .
In Afghanistan China grumbles but lets America guard its economic interests .
There 's little unusual in that : rising powers have always hitched a ride on the back of declining ones .
Economist.com/blogs/banyan
A candidate for a radical French anti-capitalist party in the forthcoming regional elections wears a headscarf as a token of her Islamic faith , something that has raised eyebrows in this rigidly secular society .
All the more so because the NPA ( New Anti-capitalist Party ) , led by Trotskyist postman Olivier Besancenot , is a party that generates headlines for its extreme left wing position on issues including militant secularism .
Scarf - wearing Ilham Moussaid ( pictured ) , a student and a party treasurer , is NPA candidate for the regional council of Vaucluse in southern France , Besancenot confirmed to French daily Le Figaro .
“ A woman can be a feminist , can uphold secular values and wear a [ Islamic ] headscarf at the same time , ” he told the newspaper .
As the Sarkozy administration has launched yet another attack on those Islamic sartorial proclivities , on the usual twin grounds that the ' veil ' constitutes an abridgement of womens ' rights and signifies an Islamist challenge to fundamental French republican values , the NPA has answered with its own ' veiled ' candidate for upcoming regional elections
Labels : anticapitalism , far left , france , islam , islamophobia , racism
" Energy Only " Bill Got a Failing Score From CBO
February 4th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
The recently much touted alternative “ energy only ” bill would not cost fossil industries , but instead would cost taxpayers $ 13.9 billion a year , according to this scoring by the bipartisan Congressional Budget Office – that has been gathering dust since September .
This failing grade from the CBO has received no publicity at all .
I ca n’t imagine why , can you ?
The bill would authorize a total of $ 48.6 billion over the first three years .
It would add $ 13.5 billion each year to the deficit .
[ social_buttons ]
Renewable energy would share $ 10.4 billion of the $ 48 billion with electricity supply and electricity delivery funding ( or a little over $ 3 billion a year for renewable energy ) .
Nuclear energy would get $ 5.2 billion a year , and $ 5.5 billion a year would go to fossil energy .
The remaining $ 27 billion would be allocated to science programs .
The bill has no self - funding mechanism .
By contrast , revenues created by the cap and trade component in the Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act ( CEJAPA ) would actually fund its renewable energy component , and leave some extra ( $ 21 Billion a year ) according to the Congressional Budget Office scoring in December .
To disburse its measly $ 16 billion - odd a year ; the “ energy only ” bill would add a new Federal Agency : the Clean Energy Deployment Administration ( CEDA ) to disburse these funds .
Currently , the Department of Energy is investing ten times that amount in renewable energy – $ 36 billion under ARRA in advanced technologies and renewable energy , led by the Nobel prizewinning Energy Secretary Steven Chu .
However , Chu has been under fire from Republican members for supplying too little support for fossil and nuclear power .
Last year saw $ 36 billion in renewable energy funding from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) , and in the 2010 budget the administration hopes to keep funding at the current level for renewable energy .
The “ energy - only ” bill is co-sponsored by Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski ( R ) who led the attempt to overturn the recent EPA ruling on greenhouse gases , and it has strong Republican and Chamber of Commerce support .
The funds for fossil energy in the “ energy only ” bill come from you and me , and maintain the status quo .
Energy - Only Bill : Cost = $ 13 billion annually .
The renewable funds in CEJAPA are from fossil companies who must reduce pollution or pay pollution fees .
It reduces greenhouse gases 20 % by 2020 , and generates an extra $ 21 billion each year from which renewable incentives are funded .
CEJAPA : Benefit = $ 21 billion annually .
I simply ca n’t imagine why there has been a media blackout on this very stark difference in the CBO scores between the two bills , can you ?
Image : mar is sea Y
More from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Length 1:32:29 Date : Sept. 26 , 2020 by Dr. Susan Block .
From the depths of epistolary sex confessions to the heights of aerial silk performance art , this show takes us on a trip of amazing sights and erotic discoveries .
First we dive deep into the very personal letters of Marco Vassi , the celebrated “ Marco Polo [… ]
Learn More
NEW DELHI , India —
When 20 - year - old Arjun Nair 's father discovered that he had contracted leprosy , he was so afraid of transmitting the disease to his sons that he immediately sent Arjun and his brother away to a hostel school run by missionaries .
Some 10 years later , Arjun is back in Delhi , his education still incomplete , and his job prospects dim .
“ Originally , the school offered classes up to 12th standard , ” said Arjun .
“ But they had a lot of problems with fights breaking out between the older kids , so they sent the older kids back home . ”
A resident of a modern - day leper colony in East Delhi comprising the neighborhoods of Tahirpur and New Seemapuri , Arjun is part of a curious group of second - generation Indian lepers .
These youths have never been infected with leprosy , but remain trapped in an ostracized welfare community because of the dreaded disease 's assault on their parents .
Subsidized by the government and often educated by Christian missionaries , they suffer from all the social problems that affect the marginalized around the world , from India 's transgender hijras to Europe 's Roma , said Vineeta Shanker , executive director of the New Delhi - based Sasakawa India Leprosy Foundation ( SILF ) .
“ They have internalized the societal rejection , ” said Shanker .
“ They say , ' Even when we go to government schools , the teacher puts us in a corner .
She does n't put us in the first row .
We have no friends except girls from our own colony . ' ”
Leprosy is today curable and it is far less infectious than once believed — 95 percent of people are immune and it cannot be transmitted by casual contact , as many people fear .
Though its complete eradication is considered to be medically impossible , India officially “ eliminated ” the disease in 2005 , after a targeted program reduced the level of incidence to fewer than one case per 10,000 people .
So the only real reason for isolation colonies like Tahirpur and New Seemapuri is ignorance .
Sadly , India has that in abundance , which is perhaps why the country still has more than a thousand leper colonies .
For second - generation “ lepers ” isolation cuts deeply .
Feelings of alienation strain the relationships between parents and children , who depend on their parents ' government stipends and income from begging for survival , but also resent the social stigma that comes along with that money .
And at the same time , their understanding of the working world is perhaps even more limited than their opportunities .
“ The kids want to do well .
They have high aspirations .
Everybody we talk to says , ' We do n't want an ordinary , low - paying job .
We want at least 10,000 rupees a month ; otherwise we are n't interested , ' ” said Shanker .
“ But they have very little to enable them to achieve their goals . ”
India declared treating certain castes as untouchable in 1950 and the constitution reserves around 20 percent of government jobs for people from those backgrounds .
But even today lepers , and their children , are virtual untouchables , regardless of their caste .
According to a 2007 survey conducted by the International Association for Integration , Dignity and Advancement , leprosy - affected families across India face serious discrimination .
Of 4,512 leprosy - affected persons surveyed , 1,259 were illiterate .
Most of the children were not in school , and only 30 were in college .
The job market was tough on them , too , with 712 people begging for a living and another 994 unemployed .
Despite the discouraging statistics , Arjun and the several other young men I met in New Seemapuri put a brave face on things , downplaying the handicap that living in a known leper colony places on them .
Older men , like 28 - year - old Kaimuddin Khan and 32 - year - old Bhupender Kumar , have resigned themselves to the idea that their lives will likely be circumscribed by the boundaries of the leper community .
But they focus on the positive .
“ We have opened a small shop with the help of a government scheme for leprosy - affected people , ” said Kumar .
“ We 're actually squatting illegally on the property , but because this is a lepers ' area nobody bothers us . ”
However , youngsters like 17 - year - old Tipu Sultan , who is studying in ninth class , still dream that one day they can live integrated lives .
“ As long as I keep studying , everything is fine , ” said Sultan .
“ I do n’t think I have any problems now because my Mom and Dad have leprosy .
But I can't say what will happen in the future .
I do feel I will be able to get a job , but I do n't know where .
My wish is to get a job outside of the colony , but I do n't know if I can . ”
photo by maveric2003
Where do you draw the line between being frugal and cheap ?
You ’ve gone overboard with frugality if it harms or takes advantage of someone else .
But even that has gray areas for some , especially when people can be at different ends of the frugal spectrum , depending on whether they ’re frugal by choice or necessity .
Here are a few examples of when you ’ve crossed over to the cheap side of town .
TOILET - PAPER RATIONING :
When you have toilet - paper rules , such as how many squares each family member is allowed to use .
OK , we do n’t want children winding paper boxing gloves around their hands .
Flattening the roll is A - OK .
Two - square rule ?
It ’s time to loosen up a little .
There are plenty of other areas to focus on .
No one wants to feel they ’re not even worthy of toilet paper .
FOOD : Cheaper foods are often less healthy .
If you stop caring about what you ’re eating , you ’ve taken frugality too far .
Using coupons , shopping sales or buying when in season are frugal strategies .
Eating overprocessed foods is n’t considering long - term benefits .
LOW QUALITY : When you sacrifice quality and lasting value , you ’re being cheap .
One reader , Constance in New Jersey , shares : “ Searching for the best price on quality items equals frugal .
Buying ‘ make - do , ’ inferior items equals cheap .
I try to be as thrifty as possible .
When we notice that something is making one of us unhappy , we bump up that category / item ’s spending , whether it ’s clothes , food , toilet paper or whatever .
Otherwise , we feel we ’re being too cheap . ”
IGNORING HEALTH OR SAFETY : Buying secondhand or reusing items is great , but you ’re being foolishly cheap if you ignore your health , comfort and safety .
Powdered and sugary drinks might be cheap , but water is a better option .
Not checking safety recalls is risky , and ignoring your personal hygiene to save money is gross .
Depriving yourself is one thing .
Forcing deprivation on others is cheap .
Another reader , Kim in Michigan , adds : “ My line is the heating and air conditioner .
My husband works outside all year long , so when it ’s hot outside , he deserves to come home to a cool house and relax .
In the winter , he deserves a warm house .
My oldest daughter has a heart condition , and my youngest has asthma , so too hot or too cold affects them .
During the day when I am alone , I keep the heat down very low and wear a sweater or use a throw blanket .
But when the family comes home , temperature in the house is made comfortable . ”
WIN , LOSE : Delaying gratification , cost comparisons and researching products to get the best bargain is smart and savvy shopping .
But constantly looking to get something for nothing or taking more than your share is shameful and cheap .
For example , choosing water with your meal or dining out for breakfast instead of dinner is frugal .
Expecting your friends or family to pick up the bill , lying about your age or your child ’s age to get a discount , or saying it ’s your birthday when it ’s not and not leaving a tip or undertipping is being cheap .
Keith talks to Dan Savage about Carrie Prejean wanna ' be Miss Beverly Hills Lauren Ashley 's statement that " God wants gays put to death " .
Dan talks about how dangerous this type of over heated rhetoric is because it gives justification for others to gay bash as well and can unfortunately as we all know too well lead to violence .
Dan asks here as he did in his blog what other parts of the Bible these people would like to take literally :
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Sir Richard Branson has unveiled the rocket plane he will use to take fare - paying passengers into space .
SpaceShipTwo was presented to the world in Mojave , California .
The vehicle will undergo testing over the next 18 months before being allowed to take ticketed individuals on short - hop trips just above the atmosphere .
Billionaire Sir Richard , who heads the Virgin Group , intends to run the first flights out of New Mexico before extending operations around the globe .
Built from lightweight carbon composite materials and powered by a hybrid rocket motor , SS2 is based on the X - Prize - winning SpaceShipOne concept - a rocket plane that is lifted initially by a carrier vehicle before blasting skywards .
1 . SS2 and WK2 part company 2 . 90s - climb to 360,000ft ( 110 km ) 3 . About 5 mins weightlessness
4 . Unpowered glide to Earth
It 's incredible to think only 450 people have ever been into space
Sir Richard Branson
Read Jonathan Amos 's blog Send us your comments Speaking at the official unveiling event , Sir Richard said he had been dreaming of going into space since watching the moon landings .
" I know there are literally thousands of people who would love to go to space , to be able to look out the window , to marvel at the beautiful Earth , " the AFP news agency quoted him as saying .
" Through Virgin Galactic we will make it possible . "
Two - hours flights SS1 became the world 's first private spaceship with a series of high - altitude flights in 2004 .
Its successor , however , is twice as large , measuring 18 m ( 60 ft ) in length .
And whereas SpaceShipOne only had a single pilot ( and the ballast equivalent of two passengers ) , SS2 will have a crew of two and room for six passengers .
About 300 individuals are reported to have signed up for a flight .
They are all willing to pay about $ 200,000 ( £ 121,000 ) for the privilege of experiencing six minutes of weightlessness during what will be a two - hour end - to - end flight .
" It 's incredible to think only 450 people have ever been into space ; that 's including all the Russians , all the Chinese and all the Americans put together , " Sir Richard told BBC News .
" We should be able to enable with our new commercial spaceship company , Virgin Galactic , to take maybe 1,000 people and make them into ' astronauts ' in the 12 months once we start . "
Many of those future astronauts attended the VIP unveiling at the Mojave Air and Spaceport .
Among them was the British singer and dancer Sarah Brightman , who famously had a disco hit early in her career called I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper .
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson christened the spaceliner Virgin SpaceShip ( VSS ) Enterprise .
The New Mexico authorities are investing almost $ 200 m ( £ 121 m ) in a purpose - built facility in Upham .
It will have a 3,000 m ( 10,000 ft ) runway and a suitably space - age terminal and hangar building designed by Foster and Partners .
Sir Richard 's Virgin Galactic enterprise will have competitors but he is almost certain to be the first to market , barring any problems arising in the test campaign .
SpaceShipTwo's carrier plane is called WhiteKnightTwo ( WK2 ) .
It was finished last year and has already begun its own trials .
New Mexico is building a futuristic terminal for commercial spaceflights
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Basically a bangalore torpedo on steroids , the Python is a 500 meter tube of explosives tethered to a rocket on one end , and an armored truck on the other .
The rocket casts the Python across a dangerous stretch of ground like a fishing line .
When the snake goes boom , any mines , traps , or IEDs nearby go boom with it .
The result ?
A clear path for a third of a mile .
What happens to the blood you leave at the doctor 's office ?
The little plastic cups full of urine ?
That mole you had removed that one time ?
All those samples get tested , of course .
But what then ?
The trash ?
Not always , writes Rebecca Skloot , in her new book , The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks .
Sometimes , they end up in storage .
In fact , according to Skloot , every one of us probably has some biological material on file somewhere .
The samples are kept for research , on the off chance that a part of you might someday be interesting to science .
You 'll likely never know for sure , though , because nobody is under any obligation to tell you about it .
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a book about the imbalance between the needs of medical science and the individual impacts of medical ethics ( or the lack thereof ) .
At its heart is the story of a woman — whose fatal cancer led to some of the major scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century — and the family who suffered through her death , then found out 30 years later about her afterlife in a petri dish .
Henrietta Lacks was a black woman , born on land left to her ancestors by the former slave owners who'd fathered them .
She married , moved to Baltimore , had five children .
When she was 31 , Henrietta died , the victim of a frighteningly fast - moving cervical cancer .
That was 1951 .
But not all of Henrietta had been laid to rest .
Cancer cells , taken before and after her death by doctors at Johns Hopkins , had become the first human cells to grow and thrive in the lab , living and multiplying indefinitely in test tubes around the world .
Known as the HeLa cell line , little parts of Henrietta Lacks helped develop the polio vaccine , chemotherapy , in vitro fertilization and more .
It might be a story of human triumph , except that nobody got Henrietta 's permission to use those cells for research .
No one told her family about the samples .
In fact , the Lacks ' only learned about Henrietta 's immortal life in 1973 , from a chance conversation with a friend who worked at the National Cancer Institute .
" Henrietta Lacks is your mother - in - law ? " he asked , suddenly excited .
" Did she die of cervical cancer ? "
Bobette stopped smiling and snapped , " How 'd you know that ? "
" Those cells in my lab have to be hers , " he said .
" They 're from a black woman named Henrietta Lacks who died of cervical cancer at Hopkins in the fifties . "
" What ? ! "
Bobbette yelled , jumping up from her chair .
" What you mean you got her cells in your lab ? "
He held his hands up , like Whoa , wait a minute .
" I ordered them from a supplier just like everybody else . "
" What do you mean , ' everybody else ' ? ! "
Bobbette snapped .
" What supplier ?
Who 's got cells from my mother - in - law ? "
That clash permeates the whole of Skloot 's book .
Time and time again we meet excited , grateful , clueless scientists who are thrilled and inspired by the research HeLa cells made possible , and do n't understand why the same history makes the Lacks family furious .
Over the years , scientists and researchers flitted in and out of the Lacks ' life , taking blood samples , congratulating them on being related to such important cells , but never explaining what had happened to Henrietta the person , what implications her death had for her children 's health , or what , beyond buzzwords and jargon , was currently happening to Henrietta 's cells .
And , despite the profits made off direct HeLa sales and indirect HeLa research , nobody has ever offered the Lacks ' a cut .
The children of the woman behind some of the greatest advances in medical science can't afford health care .
Skloot 's book tells the story of HeLa as the story of Henrietta and the Lacks family , especially Henrietta 's daughter Deborah , who was only a toddler when Henrietta died .
For Deborah , understanding HeLa was about finding a connection to the mother she never knew .
It 's a unique perspective on scientific history .
In fact , the story of HeLa cells has been told before , but by writers who mostly ignored the Lacks family — focusing instead on the brave and bold scientists — or just talked about their victimization .
By letting the Lacks ' be people , and by putting them in the center of the history , Skloot turns just another tale about the march of progress into a complicated portrait of the interaction between science and human lives .
Ultimately , The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks forces us to ask what we 're willing to sacrifice for the greater good .
Are lifesaving medical breakthroughs worth it if we can only get them — as researchers have successfully argued in court — by studying tissues taken from patients who are n't told how their cells are being used and are n't included in the patents or profits made on those cells ?
There 's no easy answer .
But facing the story of the Lacks family puts us in a much better position to move beyond either / or false dichotomies and start creating a new laws that make medicine more fair .
You can show your appreciation for the ways HeLa cells have improved public health by donating to the Henrietta Lacks Foundation .
Founded by author Rebecca Skloot , the Foundation is raising money for scholarships for Henrietta Lacks ' descendants , and to help cover the cost of health care for her family .
The Foundation gives " those who have benefited from HeLa cells — including scientists , universities , corporations , and the general public — a way to show thanks to Henrietta and her family . "
Disclosure :
This review was based on a press copy of the book , which I received for free from Crown Publishing .
Image of stained HeLa cells courtesy GE Healthcare ( by way of Henrietta Lacks ) via CC
At work , we had a requirement to digitize certain physical forms , the time - consuming part is to separate the attached photograph , scan it , upload to the digitized data , it was taking upwards of 1 minute for each photograph .
After regular discussion / brainstorming , one solution was seen viable .
Use web camera to take the photograph at a fixed position and associate to the data , however the following challenges are faced
the application in context is a webapplication the digitization person uses a webbrowser ( obviously ) to enter data the prefered way is associate the photograph at the time of digitization and not one more action of association also the digitization person will have to be satisfied with the photograph to upload
a solution was devised
a webcam attached to a system , where a daemon will take pictures on request and send it BOTH to the client browser and server the server will store the picture in temp directory flushed periodically , and the browser will get a unique uploaded id to be submitted with the form the server will then associate the picture
however , this required multiple image captures when the digitization person is not satisfied , so the solution has to be tweaked to stream the webcamera output and to capture .
One easy solution , use FLASH , but NO
DBus
one advantage we had is , the digitization is in - house and we run Linux 🙂
so i started to look around for a solution , i remembered dbus as a new generation ipc , so how would it be if using dbus , the daemon
would launch an application in client side streaming the video , and once the application captures an image , the daemon ( which is watching the filesystem ) will pick up the latest image , serve to the webpage also upload to the server .
so in less than 30 minutes a working solution was implemented , and now it takes about 5 - 12 seconds for every picture , so its about 6 times faster
So the application is built as
1. Daemon : a webserver in python , with dbus and pyinotifier
2. Application Cheese 🙂
a picture to summarize
Our studio is led by the following design principles ; simplicity , beauty follows purpose , universally understood .
Founded in Zürich , Kaleido Grafik collaborate with pioneering clients to produce beautiful identities , memorable communications and meaningful digital experiences .
Our studio is led by the following design principles ; simplicity , beauty follows purpose , universally understood .
We exist to offer more than just a playful visual experience .
We fracture and reconfigure what you see .
Offering a different perspective in order to understand your position in new ways .
Each project is approached with curiosity , observation and insight .
Questions get you somewhere new .
Questions reveal uniqueness , opportunity and cultural roles .
We search for a singular , moment of clarity .
The gleaming detail which captures your brand ’s pursuit – that one big story which tells us what you ’re trying to accomplish .
We translate this into beautiful brand identities , experiences and graphic communications that inspire , connect , prompt action and leave a lasting impression .
We understand that the most important brands in the world are successful by not out - spending competition .
But by out - thinking them .
We apply care , vivid thinking , skill and meticulous attention to detail in every project we take on .
Endeavouring to deliver ideas and solutions that are unique , technically accomplished and forge emotional connections .
Our working process is always deeply collaborative .
We value building ongoing relationships , which means that once a project goes live , we offer continuing help and support to get the most out of your new creative .
We ’re there for the long run .
Our work ’s been recognised by New York Magazine , The Guardian , BBC Radio , Creative Review , Site Inspire , Gestalten , Form Fifty Five , It ’s Nice That , Computer Arts , Collate , Nagoya Art Prize and DBA .
We ’re proud members of AUFI and YCN .
Studio patrons of Lecture in Progress and the WEDF Design Buddy scheme , supporting the next generation of creatives .
If you have a project in mind or are curious to find out more , we ’d love to hear from you .
Website Design and Code
User Experience
Brand & Brand Integration
Art Direction & Photography
App Development
Content Management
Books & Editorial Design
Logotypes & Brand Marks
Brand Guidelines
Storytelling & Tone of Voice
Campaigns
Illustration
Wayfinding & Signage
Packaging
Motion Graphics
Direct , Film & Edit
I had n’t seen what they had done before , but what I bought into was their desire to do great work .
Who does n’t want to work with people who want to do that ?
David Hieatt Founder , Hiut Denim Co Miles and Pete have worked with Design Jobs Board over the last year developing our new campaign .
They are a pleasure to work with and we value their opinion highly .
We definitely consider them a partner in continuing our growth and we look forward to working with them in the future .
Carly Ryan Director , Design Jobs Board
We had already seen some of the work done by Kaleido Grafik so were excited to get started .
The guys far surpassed our expectations , which were already high .
They were professional , thorough , creative , enthusiastic .
It ’s been a pleasure working with them and we are incredibly happy with the final result .
Emily Graham Editor in Chief , Avaunt Magazine
Our search for the right design firm to brand our San Francisco startup took us around the world – Australia , Canada , the UK and the States .
We approached Kaleido Grafik full of ambitious , disjointed ideas , and came away with a brand identity and website that far surpassed our expectations .
Our transatlantic communications with them were seamless , we could n’t be happier .
Samantha Moss Founder , Wellput
The campaign has become the most ' liked ' and second - most played online content in the National Trust 's history which considerably helped the online presence of our £ 1 million appeal .
Richard Neale General Manager of Snowdonia , National Trust From the word go , Pete and Miles got right behind the project .
Their creative flair , personable approach and ability to understand exactly where we needed to get to , made Kaleido Grafik a joy to work with .
The proof is in their work which we are already getting great results from .
Dave Young Director , Young & Norgate
© Kaleido Grafik Limited .
Company No 08971848 . VAT No 255 8204 02 .
@@ -297,7 +297,11 @@ def __init__( self , data=None , files =None , instance =None , save_as_new =None ,
# Avoid a circular import .
from django .
contrib .
contenttypes .
models import ContentType
opts = self .
model .
_meta
self .
instance = instance
if instance is None :
self .
instance = self . model ()
else :
self .
instance = instance
self .
save_as_new = save_as_new
self .
rel_name = ' -' . join ((
opts .
app_label , opts .
object_name . lower ( ) ,
self .
ct_field .
name , self .
ct_fk_field .
name ,
@@ -324,15 +328,19 @@ def get_default_prefix(cls ) :
) )
get_default_prefix = classmethod ( get_default_prefix )
def save_new ( self , form , commit = True ) :
def _construct_form ( self , i , ** kwargs ) :
# Avoid a circular import .
from django .
contrib .
contenttypes .
models import ContentType
kwargs = {
self .
ct_field . get_attname ( ) : ContentType . objects .
get_for_model ( self . instance ) . pk ,
self .
ct_fk_field . get_attname ( ) : self .
instance .
pk ,
}
new_obj = self .
model ( ** kwargs )
return save_instance ( form , new_obj , commit = commit )
form = super ( BaseGenericInlineFormSet , self ) .
_construct_form ( i , ** kwargs )
if self .
save_as_new :
# Remove the key from the form 's data , we are only creating new instances .
form . data [ form .
add_prefix ( self .
ct_fk_field . name ) ] = None
form . data [ form .
add_prefix ( self .
ct_field . name ) ] = None
# Set the GenericForeignKey value here so that the form can do its validation .
setattr ( form .
instance , self .
ct_fk_field .
attname , self .
instance . pk )
setattr ( form .
instance , self .
ct_field .
attname , ContentType . objects .
get_for_model ( self . instance ) . pk )
return form
def generic_inlineformset_factory ( model , form = ModelForm ,
READER COMMENTS ON
" New Study Suggests CA 's 2008 Prop 8 Election Results Could be Fraudulent or In Error "
( 37 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Edward Miessner said on 1/13/2010 @ 7:50 pm PT ...
Brad , I came over here from FireDogLake 's live blog of the Proposition 8 Trial in SF .
SCOTUS has ruled , 5 - 4 , against broadcasting the trial .
Yes , it was the usual suspects .
Unless one of them is replaced , I am afraid the judicial process will be rigged , as well with Prop. 8 left in place .
Now that it appears that the voting public 's answer to the ballot question was STOLEN , I feel really , really , sick .
And yea , I am a gay man and despite not living in CA , it affects me , personally .
Maybe it does n't affect you in the exact same way I do ( i.e. , you 're hetero ?
- my gaydar did n't go up ) but I could be wrong ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/13/2010 @ 8:56 pm PT ...
Whether I 'm gay or not ( which is easy enough to figure out ) , means nothing here .
Robbing people of RIGHTS mean everything , and infuriates me no end .
That too , however , means little in regard to the above article .
Either the intent of the voters was actually measured or it was not .
If we can't even rely on that much , we are even more screwed than we think .
Do n't be a stranger , Edward .
Give my best to Marcy and the gang over at FDL !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/13/2010 @ 8:57 pm PT ...
Oh , and yes , PLEASE spread the word about this article and this study !!!
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/13/2010 @ 9:07 pm PT ...
You mean elections are manipulated ???
Federal Prosecutors : Kentucky Officials Manipulated Clay County Elections for Decades https://bradblog.com/?p=7627
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... katie said on 1/13/2010 @ 11:47 pm PT ...
What business does the all important " we do n't interfere in States legal affairs " SCOTUS sticking its nose into making a decision to permanently ban televised coverage of the No on Prop 8 trial from the Calif State Courthouse in San Francisco ?
When will the SCOTUS stop and draw the line ?
will they now invoke their right to forever ban basic civil rights as well ?
It seems that the conservative members have formed a good old boys clique and they 're getting ready to turn the clock back to the bad old days , from before the sixties and possibly even back to the days of slavery .
it is so beneath the dignity of the SCOTUS to have made such a ruling today .
Shame on the 5 conservative members who ruled in favor .
by the way , great job on putting this article together and making it so very crystal clear that the prop 8 election results were " corrupted " .
it 's simply outrageous that CA SOS Bowen ignores this .
No one wants to get their hands dirty and wage a war examining voting results from the Prop 8 voting results , not with Diebold since we all know what Diebold did to former CA SOS kevin shelley .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... matt said on 1/14/2010 @ 2:45 am PT ...
Wow .
I 've always mused how a study like this could work - these folks really did their homework .
I look forward to reading the whole thing .
It 's like a citizen - sponsored audit , and I 'd love to see them everywhere .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 1/14/2010 @ 6:09 am PT ...
katie said ...
" What business does the all important " we do n't interfere in States legal affairs " SCOTUS sticking its nose into making a decision to permanently ban televised coverage of the No on Prop 8 trial from the Calif State Courthouse in San Francisco ? "
Because they are terrified that their own perversions of justice will be televised next .
bmaz has covered this well over at Marcy 's place on FDL .
And while you 're there check out the clues that China cheerfully hijacked the Bush / Obama unlimited unwarranted surveillance taps to use in the attack on Google .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/14/2010 @ 7:32 am PT ...
The timing of this piece is exceedingly ironic .
The U.S. Supreme Court just issued a 5 - 4 decision to bar cameras from a trial in U.S. District Court in which the constitutionality of Prop 8 is being challenged , prompting Rick Jacobs of the Courage Campaign to say : " The Supreme Court just struck a huge blow against transparency and accountability .
This historic trial will remain largely hidden from public view , despite it 's historic potential to challenge and change the minds of Americans . "
Four of the five justices who voted to bar cameras from the trial , Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas Samuel Alito , have ties to the Robert Bork - founded , Richard Mellon Scaife - funded , radical right Federalist Society .
The fifth was the conservative swing vote , Justice Anthony Kennedy .
The legal team that is challenging the constitutionality of Prop 8 is headed by David Boies and Theodore B. Olson , the same two attorneys who had been on opposite sides in Bush v. Gore , the case that provided the onus for the Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) which has greatly expanded the use of e-voting throughout the nation .
Olson and Boies are challenging the right of a majority of CA voters to deprive two individuals of the right to marry on the basis of gender .
Many legal experts believe they have a good chance of success at the trial level but that the case will probably , ultimately find its way back to the U.S. Supreme Court , where , as reflected by the decision just handed down , it faces an extremely unreceptive audience .
This piece reflects that the majority of CA voters may have actually voted to preserve the right of same - sex marriage .
" The blow against transparency and accountability , " that Rick Jacob complains about with respect to the cameras , actually may have come much earlier within the black hole confines of e-voting machines .
Unfortunately , since trial is underway , it is probably far too late for Olson and Boies to work this new discovery into their case .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/14/2010 @ 9:47 am PT ...
I 've been screaming about this PROP 8 stinkerofaneffin ' election now for well over a year , ever since Emily Levy w/ Velvet Revolution and Blackboxvoting.org discovered numerical anomalies in the official results - results which were delayed for ... what , 5 days ?
Am I remembering this right , Bradpeoples ? ( Karen from Illinois ? )
Late results , no precinct - by - precints released , ballots not counted for days , questionable chain of custody , with a premature declaration of victory by PROP 8 's backers sittin ' like a cherry on top .
All the statistical footprints of election manipulation we have come to know so well here at BB - hell , even expect to see in the 50 - 50 swing districts ( in this case , the whole STATE of " COTTIFAWNIA " ) for those high money , big stake races .
You know , I am adored by the gays ( collectively ) .
I 'm like their Kathy Griffin , but with more substance and a natural looking profile .
And yet I can't get any of them to pick up this story .
I posted it to Facebook TWICE , and only BIG DAN and Nanci Tobi responded .
( Thanks , btw , BD ! )
Friends , after 10 years of unabated , incapacitating shock and disgust from tracking IMPOSSIBLE U.S. election results that no one is willing to acknowledge - this one cuts me to the quick .
So much so , I 'm using phrases like ' cuts me to the quick ' .
I am most amazed that I can still be this amazed .
Surprised that after disavowing all the bitter surprises that come from feeling so helpless in the face of the astounding failures of our privatized election systems , I still reel .
Even more affecting - the lack of interest from the very people most affected by these electoral shenanigans .
That I am still profoundly boofed by these " E.I givens " is most frustrating .
( Makes moot all those zen calm classes I took to cope , all those seminars on ' how not to care about the things beyond our control blah blah ' - wasted dollars . )
So Crazy !
Such Idoicy !
When you consider the money spent to counter - the lawsuits , the organizing , the PR , the time / energy spent all to overturn an unconstitutional initiative won with ENTIRELY OBVIOUSLY BOGUS election results that show more votes than voters , or more voters than votes .
This particular brand of evil PROP 8 / MICHIGAN / lie about ourselves is even worse than the ones we 've grown accustomed to .
This particular lie about ourselves ( that we 've all collectively agreed to believe for some reason no matter what evidence there is to the contrary ) would have us believe we are a majority of bigots and discriminatory jackasses .
We are not .
We are a MINORITY of bigots and discriminatory jackasses .
... and the sad , left behind minority should n't get to decide * shit * for the rest of us .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 1/14/2010 @ 11:01 am PT ...
I posted the article link and WasProp8 Straight.org link over at the Jonathan Turley blog , he has a nice article about the SCOTUS decision up .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 1/14/2010 @ 11:08 am PT ...
a quick look ovr of the report and taft caught my eye .. perhaps i am missing something but the official results say 569 peops voted ( including 29 abs ) and the official results show 557 votes total on prop 8 so that leaves us with 12 undervotes but the exit poll results say 310 peops responded to them and they report a total of 294 votes on prop 8 which leaves us with 16 undervotes in the responant catagory alone ..... think about this for minuete , either some respondants lied and did vote but wouldnt say and not even 1 ab ballot or non responder had an undervote for prop 8 or the counters inflated the votes ( in which direction we cant know )
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 1/14/2010 @ 11:12 am PT ...
brad ,
this is what i get when i use the official results link We 're sorry ...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The page you are looking for can not be found .
The page you requested is either temporarily unavailable , has been renamed , or has been permanently moved to another location .
The links below may help you find the page you were looking for elsewhere on our site .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 1/14/2010 @ 11:45 am PT ...
once i get started on this its like a math game and it is hard to stop even if i get very little response , but i apprciate brad letting me use his column to vent ( altho i sometimes think no one reads it but my personal nsa watcher , hi btw whoever u might be lol ) on page 18 of the report i looked at santa monica ,
official ballots cast are 762 , total votes on prop 8 are 742 which gives us an undervote of 20 buttttttt in santa monica 534 peops responded telling us they had a combined vote on prop 8 of 510 , , , thats 24 undervotes i went on to look at prop 4 in santa monica , official report says they have 762 ballots cast and 710 total votes so that is 52 undervotes but of our 534 responants they told us they gave a total vote of 482 which is 52 undervotes ( so if the responants told the truth not 1 non responant undervoted on prop 4 )
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Katie said on 1/14/2010 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
Jeannie Dean :
The issue here is that having to consider the possibility that the electronic voting machines are being rigged by conservative Christianists who own the companies that sell and manage the electronic voting machines is not sexy .
Beyond being unattractive , your average " socially aware " GLBT Californian voter / activist just does n't want to have to consider the possibility that there is a HUGE problem with how the votes are not getting counted correctly , or how the votes are n't getting counted at all or they are being switched for the other side .
This story requires that they do their own research , go to the internet , subscribe to Brad 's blog , read a few books about recently stolen elections , get angry about and do something about it .
They do n't want to go there .
Challenging the election results in this country is as unamerican as being a registered socialist .
Jeannie : I called Mayor Gavin Newsom 's GLBT liason and he has complete faith in California 's voting systems , even the LA County Prop 8 results .
He also does n't think the Nov 2004 election was rigged in Bush 's favor but he WILL concede that there was a " little problem " with the Nov 2000 Gore v Bush election .
So this is the status quo .
Saying that there are problems with electronic voting machines , tabulators that count the ballots , optical scanners is like saying you want to go back to the " dark ages " and do away with electronic computers with regards to voting .
So the Prop 8 folks find it much easier to look pretty for the cameras as they protest outside the steps of the courthouse in San Francisco than it is to do something and educate everyone that there is a problem with these electronic voting machines and it's resulting in election results that cannot be verified , let alone trusted .
The City of SF should be FIRST to demand a full investigation into the Prop 8 LA County voting results but they , the mayor , the City Attorney and Board of Sups , wo n't consider this issue .
They will thank you for the information , and say " That 's interesting " and then delete your email and DO NOTHING !
It 's so incredibly frustrating when the real issue is being avoided : the unsexy problems of votes that are n't being counted correctly , if at all , by electronic machines that are run by conservative rightwingers who can easily get away with selling key races for the right amount of money .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/14/2010 @ 1:42 pm PT ...
Katie said I called Mayor Gavin Newsom 's GLBT liason and he has complete faith in California 's voting systems , even the LA County Prop 8 results
___________________
Perhaps the last person you want to contact regarding the status of e-voting is a public official .
They 've been in denial since HAVA passed .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Jim Cirile said on 1/14/2010 @ 2:14 pm PT ...
I forwarded this article to 18 leaders at GLAAD and other organizations .
But I too have been shouting about this for ages , and have not yet ever even received a reply from any of those groups .
It 's like ANSWER -- they 're so set on their own way of protesting that they cannot see that we need to attack the cancer , not the symptoms ( some would say this is by design . )
With this report , how can anyone doubt the results are fraudulent ?
And yet the denialists will .
Similarly , today someone posted audio of the doomed firefighters inside the WTC towers talking about the explosive charges going off .
Seriously , the heroes of 9 - 11 talking quite clearly saying the buildings were rigged to blow .
Yet will this convince anyone ?
What a sad , sad state America finds itself in .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Ross Levin said on 1/14/2010 @ 3:42 pm PT ...
Brad did you see the link I posted the other day about a voting machine lobbyist tampering with a primary ?
http://www.greenpartywat...ng-green-party-election/
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/14/2010 @ 6:54 pm PT ...
Ross -
I did , thanks .
It was one of a number of pieces ( along with NYC 's choice of ES&S , even after that admission ) that I had hoped to cover , but simply was n't able to .
Ran out of time and fingers
May still get to it at some point , in some fashion .
Appreciate the reminder !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/14/2010 @ 7:20 pm PT ...
Karen @ 12 : Let me look into it , and see if I can get a fixed link there !
Sorry about that !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 1/14/2010 @ 7:44 pm PT ...
Meanwhile over at the Great Orange Ostrich Haven some brave soul wrote a diary on this ... and is learning the hard way about people with their heads so deep in the sand that oil companies are purchasing leases on their necks .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Ross Levin said on 1/14/2010 @ 7:56 pm PT ...
Zapkitty , that was me .
I 'm getting slaughtered there for it .
I guess 2000 was n't enough of a wake up call for them .
I also posted it to docudharma.com , progressiveelectorate.com , progressive - independence.org , opednews.com , and greenchange.org .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 1/14/2010 @ 8:16 pm PT ...
... 2000 ... ... 2004 ... ... 2006 ... ... 2008 ... Every warning sign disregarded in order to conform to the " conventional wisdom " that Americam elections are never ever messed with ... much less messed with by those entrusted with running the elections .
As for dkosians ... many are actually sensible on the subject but right now your article is getting tag - teamed by a few who are trying to drive it down and enforce the " conventional wisdom . "
You will come to believe that certain humans can penetrate the Mohorovičić Discontinuity with their eyebrows ...
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/14/2010 @ 10:52 pm PT ...
@ Karen from I ~ !
I get it !
After reading your posts several times and breaking out the calculator and squinting and struggling and taking a handful of ginkgo paloba and a muscle relaxer - YES !
The official results ( seem to ) have jimmied undervotes .
FASCINATING .
So , do you think they skimmed / inflated / padded where they needed it from a precint - by - precinct bound pool of ( pre-determined ) undervote totals ?
Are you seeing similar evidence of that intra-districting shell game we saw in New Hampshire where they rob from Paul 's ( votes ) in Ward 5 to pick a Peter in Ward 6 ?...
No wonder they 're making it damn near impossible for citizens to get precinct by precinct results .
Could blow the whole game , especially with all these pesky , genius statisticians like Karen from Illinois and Richard Hayes Phillips lurking about .
Love your brain , K from I .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/14/2010 @ 11:41 pm PT ...
Katie @ 14 ~ Such a thoughtful response , felt like a warm milk blanket dose of empath .
Thank you .
It had a tangible effect on my mad sad .
You 're right , of course .
I knew it as I was reading you .
Later , as your post bounced around
my head while riding my bike home from work - your incredible Gavin Newsom 's GLBT liason story " having complete faith " story , most notably - drew me to thinking : ' well , then , ignoring this ( sic rigging ) means the gay activist ( or any of us who dismiss hard evidence of said election theft ) would rather believe the worst in each other , than go out of their way to consider how the worst from our elected officials is far more likely , far more destructive , and pretty honkin ' self - evident .
You 'd have to WANT to blame the pro-Obama " black voting block " ( lie / was n't true at all ) and the " Mormons " ( not a lie , sort of true - but of more importance and never ever mentioned , discussed - only once reported on , to my knowledge : ) the connection between the crazy anti-gay , Christian reconstructionalist Howard F. Ahmanson , who got PROP 8 on the ballot , and who has direct ties to the voting machine comapanies , go figure : " The Man Behind Prop 8 " ( Alternet - 11/4/2008 )
http://www.alternet.org/...an_behind_proposition_8/ ... " Ahmanson once resided in a mental institution in Kansas , he now occupies a position among the Christian right ’s power pantheon as one of the movement ’s most influential donors .
During a 1985 interview with the Orange County Register , Ahmanson summarized his political agenda : “ My goal is the total integration of biblical law into our lives . ”
The campaign to teach “ intelligent design ” in public school classrooms , the Republican takeover of the California Assembly , and the rollback of affirmative action in California — Ahmanson has been behind them all .
He has also taken a special interest in anti-gay crusades .
Thanks again , Katie , Jim C. , all - only thing to do is keep shouting it , digging it , tweeting it , rebleeping it , flirty - birdy it , buzzit and step - it - up .
Full winded sail or no .
Fully deployed airbag , or no ....
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Ross Levin said on 1/15/2010 @ 12:09 pm PT ...
Someone at Dkos actually brought up an interesting point - this study does n't account for absentee ballots , which a lot of people use in California ( supposedly ) even if they do n't need to .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 1/15/2010 @ 12:33 pm PT ...
jeanie ,
thank you for taking the time to read and do the math , to be fair i nevr can prove who benefits from the numbers moving , i only can document that they do indeed move butttttttttttt hypothetically if undervotes were added to vote totals for the yes crowd on prop 8 precinct by precint statewide , it could change the result on that question ( who knows maybe they can take yes votes from prop 4 and add them to prop 8 , since this report shows those numbers moved too ) the undervote totals on prop 8 are pretty low for a question so far down the ballot for example the presidential race had 181,277 undervotes , prop 8 had 340,611 undervotes , and prop 12 , the vetrans bond question ( which passed overwhelmingly ) had 1,454,351 undervotes ... so if the official numbers are true and correct the same peops that came out in droves in cali to support the first black man as president also decided to deny gay folks their constitutional rights to decide who their spouse is but didnt bother to vote on the vet issue ( to put it in context most props have ovr a million undervotes ) one other thing stuck out to me after brad got that sos link working ( ty brad btw ) the summary of votes page has a dif order of reporting than the individual race pages does for president , on ind pres race reporting write ins harris and baldwin are last but on the summary page harris and paul are reported last , , , , my suspious mind wonders if some label switching accurred
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Emily Levy said on 1/15/2010 @ 12:36 pm PT ...
Karen # 12 , the link to the CA SoS website in the has now been updated in the BRAD BLOG piece .
It 'll be updated in the report itself on at WasProp8 Straight.org as soon as we can get to it .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 1/15/2010 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
ross @ 25 , i am not sure what u mean about abs not being included because they are in the ballot counts of the report , , , for instance on page 31 of the report it details the responders numbers , the refusals numbers take those 2 sums equaling 540 subtract it from ballots cast , u have 29 abs .. it looks to me like the percentages come from the total ballot cast results reported by the state but maybe emily can confirm that
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/15/2010 @ 1:49 pm PT ...
Karen @ 26 writes :
" ... the same peops that came out in droves in cali to support the first black man as president also decided to deny gay folks their constitutional rights to decide who their spouse is but didnt bother to vote on the vet issue ...
Thank you for that succinct explanation .
Righto .
That 's just plain off .
Great eye .
And am I getting you right that a MILLION undervotes from just one district ( L.A. ) is the standard for ALL Prop election results in '08 ?
Holy Bones .
I know we 're the largest district in the country n'all , but does n't that number seem a little high ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/15/2010 @ 1:51 pm PT ...
oops .
I botched my italicization .
Sorry , 99 !
[ ed note : Calamity averted with one hand behind my back ....
Not to worry .
Not to worry . — 99 ]
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 1/15/2010 @ 2:42 pm PT ...
jeanie , the undervotes are statewide as were the presidential undervotes i mentioned ... i take the sos ballots cast , the sum of yes and no votes , subtract that from total voters and get undervotes /////////
1a had 1,046,748 undervotes
2 had 807,670 uv
3 had 1,104,272 uv
4 had 794,226 uv
5 had 1,021,188 uv
6 had 1,359,158 uv
7 had 1,085,761 uv
8 had 340,611 uv
9 had 1,331,744 uv
10 had 1,180,357 uv
11 had 1,750,489 uv
12 had 1,454,351 uv as my kindergarten teacher said , which one of these does not belong ..lol
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Sally said on 1/16/2010 @ 11:05 pm PT ...
I imagine you were all suspicious of that result the minute it was announced .
I certainly did n't buy it .
But you have to be able to back up claims even if they can't and as usual thats what you are doing .
Im getting really confused about the new world order .
I keep hearing they are socialist but they seem to be facist warmongers .
Is there more than one faction here ?
I need some help with this conspiracy .
Anyone have a link .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/17/2010 @ 11:34 am PT ...
Hi , Sally .
Yes , we were .
Most of us have been intimately , fiercely involved in trying to point out and prevent U.S. election fraud now for years .
In this case , PROP 8 showed all of the statistical anomalies we have grown accustomed to in what we now recognize as verified , manipulated results .
For more info on the PROP 8 study :
http://www.wasprop8straight.org/
Like Karen points out above , in so many of these close , big money races , the official numbers simply do n't add up - and incredibly no one ever seems to notice .
Here 's a great link to a video of Prof .
Steven Freeman from 2006 explaining the forensic , scientific evidence behind the OHIO 2004 election fraud that gave Bush his second term in office : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbysi62oFCc
Finally , I 'm not sure who you 're listening to re : " the New World Order " being socialist .
There are so many websites and experts , some legit , some not - NWO is such a broad , sweeping term and it often conflated with rumor and speculation .
I think you would find that most of us here link these stolen elections to private interests / criminal orgs and corporations who buy politicians / elections to serve whatever ends meet their limitless needs .
As to who they are , we do n't really know .
But they are NOT socialists , Sally .
In fact , they are the OPPOSITE of socialists .
Yes , they are much closer to Fascists ( fascism = corporate rule of government ) but I personally , think what we have here is an oligarchy ( the top 1 % of wealth controls the bottom 99 % ) .
As a result , Democrats and Republicans are ( almost ) entirely bought and paid for - and we believe they are n't thanks to these voting systems / faulty , hack - able pieces of junk we vote on .
http://www.youtube.com/u...edean#p/u/53/od28M5RnOMI
( Video log of 2006 election problems / collected and produced by Video the Vote ) Thank you so much for asking , Sally .
Stick around BradBlog , if you really want to learn more .
Brad runs a very tight ship , over here - a stickler for facts that will allow you to not only back up your ( fine ) instincts when you think an election might be a stinker , but to also be able to PROVE it .
The problem we face is in getting people to acknowledge that proof ...
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/17/2010 @ 11:41 am PT ...
Oh !
And how could I forget !
www.blackboxvoting.org
That 's Bev Harris ' website ( from the Emmy nominated " HACKING DEMOCRACY ) .
She 's like the Nancy Drew of stolen elections .
A GREAT source .
( Karen from Illinois works very closely with them ...)
If you have n't seen HBO 's riveting documentay HACKING DEMOCRACY , you can find it here on Google :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVlZTWH7u8w ... chilling .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/17/2010 @ 12:36 pm PT ...
JD said : the Nancy Drew of stolen elections . :-)
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Sally said on 1/18/2010 @ 5:12 am PT ...
Hello Jeanie
Thanks so much for the links .
Ive been lurking here since 2005 .
The elite certainly seem to be hate socialism but I 've seen quite a few sites claiming the new world order are CFR who apparantly want a communist socialist world government .
Of course the differnce between communism and socialsim are major but it seems the right use communism in an attempt to smear socialists and the left at every opportunity .
Theres no long term problem with any system as long as you can get rid of it at the next eletion if you do n't like it .
The problem is western democracy is under threat .
I definitely think there is a takeover going on which has been planned for a long time and that CFR and the trilaterals are a part of that but their actions are not that of socialists .
You have an oligarchy like you say .
More people than we think might know whats going on but just turn their heads the other way .
There are those who will just follow any system that has control and go along with anything to remain a part of what they think is mmainstream society no matter how sick that society is .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Edward Miessner said on 1/21/2010 @ 3:20 am PT ...
CLEVELAND -- George Karl called being on the court his sanctuary .
Carmelo Anthony answered his coach 's prayer .
Anthony scored 40 points , including the winning basket , and Denver overcame LeBron James ' monstrous night to end the Cavaliers ' 13 - game winning streak with a 118 - 116 victory in overtime Thursday night in Karl 's first game since revealing he has neck and throat cancer .
" I think he 's happy , " Anthony said of his coach .
" This boosted his spirit up a lot .
In the back of our mind , we know his situation .
We 're playing for him . "
James had his triple - double by the end of regulation , and became the first NBA player with at least 43 points , 13 rebounds , 15 assists , two steals and four blocks , according to the Elias Sports Bureau .
James ' triple - double came in front of Oscar Robertson , who averaged a triple - double during the 1961 - 62 season .
He was honored before the game along with Jerry West , James and Anthony as co-captains of U.S. Olympic gold medal basketball teams .
Robertson and West captained the Americans ' gold medal in 1960 , while James and Anthony were the co-captains in 2008 .
James is also the first player to have at least 40 points , 15 assists and 13 rebounds in a game since Robertson had 42 points , 18 assists and 15 rebounds on Feb. 13 , 1962 .
" In that sense , it 's huge because of what he was able to do , " James said .
" But in the sense of us losing the ball game , it means nothing . "
Anthony matched him shot for shot , hitting the winner on a deep jumper over an outstretched James with 1.9 seconds left .
" It 's finally me being on the other end I guess , " James said .
" I 'm so used to being on the other end making shots and looking at guys .
It 's a great player and a great shot .
If I got any closer , I was going to foul him .
Big shot . "
Anthony jogged to the other end of the floor after hitting the shot , nodding his head and shouting to no one in particular as the Cavaliers called timeout .
" A lot of people got some good pictures out of that moment , " Anthony said .
" I wanted the ball .
I made the shot . "
Cleveland had a chance to win it at the buzzer , but James slipped while receiving the inbound pass and his 3 - pointer rattled off the rim .
James , who played 47 minutes , missed his final four shots .
Anthony , who played 48 minutes , made 7 of his last 8 .
Anthony and the Nuggets have now won 10 of 14 games against James and the Cavaliers since the two superstars entered the league .
" It was a great game to watch , but I 'm not sure it will go on my coaching resume as very polished , " Karl said .
" We probably should have won the game a little easier .
We kept giving them chances and they kept taking advantage of them . "
Karl will likely miss some games and practices while undergoing a rigorous six - week treatment program of radiation and chemotherapy , but he accompanied the Nuggets on their two - game trip after deciding against taking time off now .
" I think I need the gym and I need the juice of being happy about kicking someone 's butt and preparing and watching video , " Karl said .
" I felt very early it made no sense for me to separate from the team .
...
It 's going to be my sanctuary to do what I like to do and forget maybe the things that are always going to pop into your mind . "
Denver 's Kenyon Martin had 18 points and a season - high 17 rebounds , but the night belonged to two of the league 's top three scorers , who put on a memorable display .
Anthony added seven assists and six rebounds for the Nuggets .
James ' triple - double was his third of the season and 27th of his career .
He scored 18 of Cleveland 's 27 points in the fourth quarter and his 15 assists tied a career high .
James and Anthony entered first and third in the league in scoring , just as they entered the league in 2003 as the No. 1 and No. 3 overall picks .
Neither disappointed on Thursday .
The two combined to make just 4 of 20 shots in the first quarter , then spent the rest of the night hitting huge shots in each other 's face .
" You want to play against the best on the biggest stage , " James said .
" Tonight was a big stage and we both did what we had to do to put our teams in position to win .
He just made one more play . "
The Cavaliers introduced Antawn Jamison on Thursday , but were a bit short - handed since he could n't be activated in time for the game .
They traded Zydrunas Ilgauskas on Wednesday to acquire Jamison in a three - team deal from Washington and the team is hopeful Jamison can be in the lineup Friday at Charlotte .
Shaquille O'Neal had 18 points and seven rebounds and J.J. Hickson had 14 points for Cleveland , which made just 23 of 40 free throws .
" We have to chalk this under another game of us beating ourselves , " O'Neal said .
" The whole world knows we beat ourselves tonight .
Too many turnovers , too many missed shots . "
Game notes
Robertson believes James could average a triple - double for a season , as he did .
" No doubt about it , " he said .
...
Denver reserve Chris Andersen walked to the locker room while holding his back in the fourth quarter .
He did not return .
... Martin returned to the Nuggets after missing the final two games before the break with tendinitis in his left knee .
...
Denver has won five of its last seven in Cleveland .
Months after it barred schools from holding most food fundraisers , the city says bake sales can go on — as long as no homemade treats with undisclosed calorie counts grace the fold - out tables .
The new regulation , designed to combat ever - increasing childhood obesity , limits bake sales to " fresh fruits and vegetables , or one of 27 specific packaged items " that include low - fat Doritos , Nutri -Grain Cereal Bars ( blackberry only ) and Linden ’s Cookies ( butter crunch , chocolate chip or fudge chip cookies in two cookie packs ) among other things .
The city has also recently slapped health regulations on school vending machines and is considering a " Meatless Monday " school lunch program .
The problem with baked goods made from scratch is that there 's just no telling how many calories and fat grams are contained within ( as opposed to processed foods where fat , preservatives and artificial coloring are clearly listed ) .
“ It ’s impossible to know what the content is , or what the portion size is , ” said Kathleen Grimm , who oversees the regulation .
But students protested , and not only because the rule means losing a part of their livelihoods : “ It ’s unrealistic to say a young adult ca n’t make a decision about whether they can eat something , ” David Greenblatt , a senior , told City Room .
“ Soon I ’ll be in college , and I wo n’t have Mommy or Daddy or Chancellor Klein sitting right next to me saying , ‘ Hey David , do n’t eat that , its too high in calories . ’”
Amid the rash of appeals for Haiti donations has come a call from one of the most prominent voices on the American right for people to hang on to their cash because Barack Obama might steal it .
Rush Limbaugh , the most popular radio talkshow host , who is sometimes described as the real leader of the Republican party , says Americans should not give a penny to a population struggling for survival after the earthquake .
Limbaugh agreed with a caller suspicious that the White House website was being used to direct funds to the American Red Cross .
" Would you trust the money 's gonna go to Haiti ? " the caller asked .
Limbaugh then said Obama was exploiting the disaster for political ends .
" This [ the earthquake ] will play right into Obama 's hands , " said Limbaugh .
" He 's humanitarian , compassionate .
They 'll use this to burnish their , shall we say , credibility with the black community – both light - skinned and dark - skinned black community in this country .
This is made to order for them . "
Limbaugh also warned Americans against donating money .
" Besides , we 've already donated to Haiti .
It 's called the US income tax , " he said .
The movie critic Roger Ebert responded with an open letter to Limbaugh : " Tens of thousands are believed still alive beneath the rubble .
You twisted their suffering into an opportunity to demean the character of the president . "
The evangelical leader Pat Robertson has also drawn criticism for suggesting Haiti had brought decades of torment on itself by making a pact with the devil to end French rule .
The White House press secretary , Robert Gibbs , described Robertson 's remarks as " utterly stupid " .
He also condemned Limbaugh : " I think to use the power of your pulpit to try to convince those not to help their brothers and sisters is sad , " he said .
Crass remarks were not restricted to rightwing Americans .
A senior Haitian diplomat was caught on camera claiming the earthquake would be good for his country and appearing to blame the catastrophe on " witchcraft " .
Speaking before an interview on Brazilian TV , Haiti's consul in São Paulo , George Samuel Antoine , said : " This catastrophe is good for us here , it will make us known . "
Using annuities for retirement
An annuity is a contract between insurance companies and people arranging for retirement .
Â
The insurance company agrees to pay you money in the future for the money you give them now .
Â
In theory , an annuity would make sense because :
Annuities offer guaranteed income in the future ( although surprisingly , the definition of guaranteed is malleable here ) .
Annuities are tax deferred retirement investments .
Â
You pay taxes first for money you put into an annuity .
Â
The capital gains grow tax - free until you start withdrawing them .
Â
When you receive your annuity benefits , you will pay taxes on capital gains as well .
So far , annuities sound good .
Â
The following problems , however , exist with annuities :
Annuities lock up money for a minimum period ( usually five years ) .
Â
If you want your money , you will need to pay surrender fees .
Â
Surrender fees are stiff .
Â
They range anywhere from 5 % to 7 % . Â
This is in addition to the federal 10 % early withdrawal tax .
Â
This tax occurs when money is taken of retirement funds before the owner is 59 Â½ years old .
Annuities often offer lower returns than other retirement options .
Contributions are not pre-tax as they are for 401 ks .
Â
The earnings are , however , tax deferred .
The IRS taxes capital gains earned in an annuity as ordinary income .
Â
Ordinary income taxation rates are higher capital gains rates .
Annuities usually have many more fees than other retirement options .
Annuities are not the best for estate planning .
Â
If you die before using your annuity , beneficiaries must pay taxes on the capital gains .
Â
Not so with mutual funds .
Why consider an annuity at all ?
Â
Annuities make sense in the following situations :
You have maxed out 401k and IRA annual contributions .
Â
You still want to invest money into tax deferred investment options .
Annuities do not have a contribution limit .
You want to diversity your retirement plan .
Â
Insurance sounds wonderful to pessimists .
When shopping for annuities , one size does not fit all .
Â
Types of annuities include :
Fixed annuity meaning the interest rate for the invested money is fixed .
Â
It does not change .
Â
The money is usually invested in low - risk fixed income products like bonds .
Variable annuity meaning the interest rate for the invested money is variable .
Â
This type of annuity can produce a higher or lower payout .
Â
The payout depends on how well the investments do .
Â Variable annuities usually still have guaranteed minimum returns .
The equity - indexed annuity is an option that has been around for about ten years .
Â
This annuity acts a variable annuity with a safety net when the market gets bad .
Payout schedule options include immediate payments and deferred payments .
Â
Payments can last for the ownerâ€™s lifetime or for a set term .
Â
Other options when purchasing annuities include :
Cost of living protection
Premium protection
Joint and survivor benefits
Annuities are only as good as the insurance company backing them .
Â
Shop around before picking one .
Â
Do not buy in a rash moment .
Â
Make sure you know whom you are dealing with .
Federal law allows for tax - free exchanges between annuities .
Â
This can happen if you decide you invested your money in a poor annuity .
Â
You would like to move your money to a different annuity .
Â
Normally , if you take money out of an annuity before retirement , you face the 10 % early distribution penalty tax .
Â
However , if you move the money into another annuity , US tax code 1035 allows for tax - free exchanges .
A hippopotamus called Nikica drinks water from the swimming pool in the centre of the Plavnica hotel complex , some 17 km south of Podgorica January 13 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Stevo Vasiljevic
PODGORICA ( Reuters ) - Montenegro’s only hippopotamus escaped from the mountainous Adriatic nation ’s zoo during floods this week , officials said Wednesday .
The two - ton female called Nikica broke out of her cage and swam away after seasonal floods hit the zoo just outside the Montenegrin capital Podgorica , zoo manager Davor Mujovic said .
“ She remains at large , but one of the guards is keeping an eye on her and is feeding her daily , ” he said .
The hippo found a dry spot a mile away from the zoo as shelter from cold flood waters .
Mujovic said zoo guards would have to wait until the water recedes to try to lure the animal back to its enclosure with food .
In its native Africa , the world ’s third largest mammal on land is considered aggressive and dangerous .
But zoo owner Nikola Pejovic said Nikica was not a threat to people .
“ People like her , and she is used to people , villagers are bringing her fresh hay , ” he said .
All over the world people enjoy a cold beer now and then throw away the bottle caps , assuming they are just trash .
At first glance , they may seem to be , but a closer look and some imagination reveals a terrific source for beer bottle cap crafts .
Most are easy to do , quickly made and , best of all , assist in keeping landfills down .
Plus , beer bottle caps can be used in crafting things that can be used as gifts as well as items for personal use .
A bottle is a rigid container with a neck that is narrower than the body and a “ mouth . ”
Bottles are often made of glass , clay , plastic , aluminum or other impervious materials , and typically used to store liquids such as water , milk , soft drinks , beer , wine , cooking oil , medicine , shampoo , ink and chemicals .
A device applied in the bottling line to seal the mouth of a bottle is termed an external bottle cap , closure , or internal stopper .
A bottle can also be sealed by a conductive “ innerseal ” by using induction sealing .
By contrast , a jar has a relatively large mouth or opening .
The bottle has developed a millennia of use , with some of the earliest examples appearing in China , Phoenicia , Rome and Crete .
The Chinese used bottles to store liquids .
Bottles are often recycled according to the SPI recycling code for the material .
Some regions have a legally mandated deposit which is refunded after returning the bottle to the retailer
Video : Dylan Ratigan , Henry Blodget and a message from Dr. Warren
-----
Do n't Let The Consumer Financial Protection Agency Die
The outcome " will show whether we are going to let the industry continue to write the rules -- to keep the cops off the beat -- or whether the financial crisis actually changed something . "
" We have all worked hard to make the CFPA into a reality , and the next few weeks will determine whether our hard work will make a difference for families or whether families will lose once again . "
" The next few weeks will determine whether families will have to play by rules written by the banks and for the banks -- rules that let the industry get away with anything .
In my view , we can not let families lose again . "
The new agency would be equipped with the power to write rules governing basic consumer credit products like home mortgages and credit cards , and would have the authority to regulate big banks and monitor their compliance .
---
READ HER LETTER :
The story of the financial crisis has a thousand twists and turns , but the basic narrative is easy to follow .
The financial industry wrote rules that allowed it to act recklessly .
The industry captured agencies that were supposed to regulate it , taking cops off the beat and funneling enormous resources into the political process to make sure there would n’t be any new cops .
Then , with no laws to hold them back , the banks made hundreds of billions of dollars on the sales of deceptive products .
That went on for years , and the industry ’s tricks - and - traps pricing got more and more out of control .
Eventually , the sale and re-sale of deceptive mortgages and other dangerous products made trillions of dollars for Wall Street while bringing down the American economy .
When the industry ’s recklessness brought the biggest banks to the brink of collapse , Wall Street turned to the taxpayers for bailouts and guarantees , which put it right back into big profits and big bonuses .
The industry got whatever it wanted .
Now we are coming to the final chapter of this story .
The final chapter will show whether we are going to let the industry continue to write the rules — to keep the cops off the beat — or whether the financial crisis actually changed something .
The fate of the Consumer Financial Protection Agency will be the best way to follow the story moving forward because consumer products were the most abusive and because the CFPA has real muscle to stop those abuses .
The CFPA would hire new cops and change the way big banks do business .
We have all worked hard to make the CFPA into a reality , and the next few weeks will determine whether our hard work will make a difference for families or whether families will lose once again .
The next few weeks will determine whether families will have to play by rules written by the banks and for the banks — rules that let the industry get away with anything .
In my view , we can not let families lose again .
Like you , I read last week that the consumer agency is dead .
I also read the same thing last spring , last summer , last fall , and last month .
And I ’ve been warned about the power of the banks since I first developed this idea in 2007 .
We always knew this was a David v. Goliath fight , but I do n’t believe that Washington can or will let Wall Street act like nothing has changed .
This is not the last important moment in the fight for the CFPA , but it is a critical one .
You can count on me to do my part .
Please help .
-----
( Screenshot ... video is above )
Young couples are trying to find ways around Egypt 's conservative attitudes to sex before marriage
By Yolande Knell
BBC News , Cairo
In the leafy grounds of Cairo University there are many dating couples among the crowds of students .
Some sit close together in shady corners and hold hands .
Religious customs and ideas of social propriety in Egypt do not permit them to take their relationships much further .
However there is a way of bending the rules - urfi marriage .
Young Egyptians are said to be opting for these informal marriages in record numbers , often as a way of getting around religious strictures against premarital sex .
It 's quite a conservative society .
There 's no premarital or extramarital sex , so they believe this gives a legitimate cover to the relationship
Madiha Safty
Sociologist " It 's a secret marriage between a boy and girl which even their parents do n't know about , " explains a 20 - year - old archaeology student .
" They do n't announce it publicly . "
" From what I hear there are a lot of students in this university who have urfi marriages , " adds his companion , Dina .
A urfi marriage is literally a " traditional " or " customary " marriage which does not need an official contract .
Some students sign a hand - written document or come to a verbal agreement .
Others buy an unofficial marriage contract for about US $ 20 and sign it in front of two witnesses to try to meet Islamic requirements of a public declaration .
' Legitimate cover '
Usually they carry on living at home and stay quiet about their arrangement .
Some husbands who deny their marriages so the woman is forced to launch a lawsuit to prove paternity
Fawziya Abdullal
Egyptian Centre for Women 's Rights
" The young couple sees a urfi marriage as a pragmatic solution , " says sociologist , Madiha Safty from the American University in Cairo .
" It 's quite a conservative society .
There 's no premarital or extramarital sex , so they believe this gives a legitimate cover to the relationship . "
The costs of a regular marriage and the obligations that go with it are one reason why experts believe more young Egyptians are making urfi arrangements .
" It 's a cultural thing , " Dr Safty observes .
" [ With regular marriages ] the groom is supposed to give a gift of jewellery upon engagement , he has to pay a sum for his fiancee to prepare for her life in marriage and find a place to live .
" At the same time she 's supposed to provide the furniture .
Of course people would also like to have a fancy wedding which can be quite expensive . "
Pregnancies
Although they may be cheap , many urfi marriages do not end happily .
I was afraid so I called the guy I married and told him he needed to come over and ask for my hand officially
Female student who regretted her urfi marriage A telephone hotline at the Egyptian Centre for Women 's Rights receives regular calls from young women confused about the legal and religious status of their marriages or seeking help when things have gone wrong .
Legal advisor , Fawziya Abdullal , says the most serious cases involve pregnancies .
" Maybe they have a baby , then [ the woman ] will become responsible for the child .
There are some husbands who deny their marriages so the woman is forced to launch a lawsuit to prove paternity .
A DNA test has to be done . "
" She has a lot of hassles and difficulties , " she says .
" It will also affect her reputation because as a woman in Middle Eastern culture she cannot marry another man . " ' Excuses '
It is difficult to get young women who have had bad experiences of urfi marriages to speak about them but one told us her story through a lawyer .
Young couples see urfi marriages as a way of avoiding expensive weddings
She explained she had never had a boyfriend before she went to university but met a fellow student on campus and fell in love .
He gave her many reasons why they could not formally marry but persuaded her to sign a urfi marriage contract .
They consummated their union at her house when her parents were out at work .
However the woman became nervous after her mother confronted her about blood on her bed sheets .
" Really I was afraid so I called the guy I married and told him he needed to come over and ask for my hand officially , " she recalls .
" Straight away he found a lot of excuses why he could not come and we had an argument .
" He broke up with me and tore up our urfi marriage contract . "
Eventually the student revealed to her family what had happened and they tried reporting the case to the police .
However as she had consented to sex she had no comeback .
She said she felt humiliated .
Politicians and religious officials have recently called for campaigns to warn women of the dangers of urfi marriages .
There have also been suggestions of new laws to make the practice illegal .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This Man Was Raped
Michael Mineo is clear about what happened to him :
“ It ’s humiliating .
I ’m a man .
I was raped by four men who held me down and put a baton into my rectum .
How am I supposed to feel ?
There is no forgiveness . ”
[ Emphasis supplied . ]
But it seems that journalists do have a problem saying that this man was raped , or even that this man alleges that he was raped .
See , e.g. , here and here .
It ’s not that they ca n’t say what , in precise detail , happened to him .
In fact , the articles have described it graphically :
While they held him down to the ground and kicked and punched him , he alleges , one of the officers shoved a radio antenna up his rectum .
NYPD officials said Mineo had been smoking a joint as he walked down the street and then ran when officers – who are black , Hispanic and white – approached .
They insist that witness accounts do not back up Mineo ’s story that he was sodomized .
But several witnesses told investigators that Mineo ’s pants were pulled down , exposing his buttocks .
They said he screamed “ What are you doing to me ?
What are you – a faggot ? ”
Mineo told investigators that one officer yelled , “ No ! No ! No !
Do n’t do that ! ”
Turns out the instrument was a retractable baton , that left serious injuries .
Mineo bled profusely , showed officers the blood , and kept telling them that he needed to go to the hospital .
He was eventually hospitalized , and treated for a torn rectum .
One officer has now testified consistent with Mineo ’s account .
To my way of thinking , the trial offers only one possibility for acquittal : that the jurors dislike Mineo so much for his alleged gang activity ( he is , among other things , accused of taking part is a serious beating of two teenage boys ) that they decide he got what he deserved .
I do n’t expect that , actually .
I would be very surprised and very saddened by that result .
I expect convictions .
The trial is unfolding just like a rape trial .
The whole defense strategy is to blame the victim and encourage the jury to judge him , instead of answering the question of whether the defendants did what they are accused of .
He was raped , he was injured like a rape survivor , and now he ’s being tried like a rape survivor .
But the major news organs wo n’t say the dreaded R word .
This is a persistent problem .
The papers can say that “ rape ” is a legal term in New York , and it only involves penis - in - vagina contact — which is true as far as it goes .
But not every state even uses the word “ rape ” in its statutes .
It ’s an ordinary word , in addition to its legal meaning .
That ’s true of a lot of words — reckless , intentional , negligent , defame , slander , fraud , murder .
They can be true in the ordinary sense whether or not they are true in the technical sense , and for journalists to hide behind the legislature is disingenuous .
I want editors to be up front about their style usage when it comes to the word “ rape . ”
What they will and wo n’t call rape is part of what shapes public consciousness about what is and is n’t a rape narrative .
Rather than guess and wonder , they should say it up front and let it be openly debated .
There are a lot more things to say about Mineo , but I want to focus here on the issue of word usage .
The man alleges a rape .
I think the newspapers should say that what he ’s alleged is a rape .
They largely have not , but they also largely have not said why .
RIYADH — As Yemen ratchets up a military offensive against al Qaeda , Saudi Arabia is pressing a surprisingly costly battle of its own against rebels along Yemen ’s northern border .
Prince Khaled bin Sultan , the kingdom ’s assistant minister of defense and aviation , said 82 Saudi soldiers had died in the fighting as of last week , with another 470 injured and 21 missing .
The death toll took many analysts by surprise .
“ Of ...
For over a year I have been forced to bring plenty of bad news to readers of my site .
Recently though things have been turning in our favor , and here is some more good news .
This part of the job , I truly enjoy !
Those of us that follow the threat of Islam closely know that Muslims are hellbent on imposing Sharia Law on us .
Here is a brave politician who has left the Left , and is running on anti-Sharia platform for the 5th District Congressional seat of Tennessee .
We definitely need more like him .
Hat tip to Civilus Defendus
An Appeal Dear Friends , I want to be your voice in Washington .
I want to go there to represent you –your interests , your concerns , your issues–and to make sure that Congress hears you !
I am doing this entirely on my own , as a real grass - roots effort , without the support of special interests .
I am doing it because I care .
As I ’m sure you know , political campaigns in this day and age need a lot of money to succeed , and that is why I am making this appeal to you to ask for your help to get me to Washington .
In 2008 , I was the first politician in the United States to run on an anti-Sharia platform .
I financed it from my own pocket , on a shoestring budget , and was blessed with almost one third of your votes in the republican primary .
To the best of my knowledge , I am the only politician in the United States with a plan to win our current wars in Afghanistan and Iraq within five years , for less than a billion dollars , and without the further loss of American lives .
I am convinced it can be done .
I have clear ideas for creating jobs , and it starts with the Fair Tax .
Eradicating the oppressive income tax and replacing it with a simple national sales tax will create millions of jobs in Tennessee and across this great land .
I am advocating a reform of our Immigration Laws .
There must be a fundamental change in how we accept new immigrants in this country , and we must stop the damage done to our nation with illegal immigration .
I am strong believer in the sanctity of the family .
I believe in adoption , not in abortion , and my wife and I have adopted two wonderful children because of that strong belief .
If these issues are as important to you as they are to me , I need your help to be your voice–not the voice of special interests –in Congress .
Please contribute whatever money you can , when you can , to help me get the message out to the public , to win this election , and to carry your message to Washington .
Respectfully ,
Vijay Kumar
We must oppose Sharia ( Islamic ) Law in the United States
Sharia ( Islamic ) Law is slowly permeating America .
We are focused on the global “ War on Terror ” and are ignoring a more dangerous threat developing right within our country .
Muslims are beginning to insist that they do not have to follow our laws and customs .
Some of their activists are making demands requiring that Muslims ’ religious rights be put above our Constitution .
The United States Constitution is based on principles , such as freedom of speech and freedom of religion , that conflict fundamentally with Islamic principles , which stifle free speech and demand that there be only one religion .
We should roundly condemn and reject Islamic reasoning that our legal system is man-made and corrupt , while Islamic Sharia law is divine law .
It is not the place of immigrants to our nation to rewrite our system of laws to suit their tastes .
Sharia covers family , criminal and civil law , education , art , and the media .
Demands are made that our schools only teach about Islam in the way that Muslims determine it should be taught .
Demands are made that schools set aside special times for Muslim women to use the gym .
Students in higher education settings are demanding foot washing and prayer - room facilities .
Women refuse to uncover their faces for legal identification ( as required for drivers licenses ) , and cab drivers refuse to carry passengers with alcohol .
Banks are setting up Sharia finance for Muslims .
All of this , when Christianity in this country is under siege by radical proponents of “ separation of church and state . ”
Where is the outrage at these Muslim demands for special religious privilege ?
There seems to be no limit to the disregard for the American culture that allowed Muslims to settle in our country .
How wonderful it would be if Christians enjoyed the same freedoms in Muslim nations as Muslims are taking advantage of in America .
But they do n’t and never will .
Islam teaches that Christians , Jews , Hindus , and people of all other religions are inferiors , “ infidels , ” who should be subjected to oppression , persecution , and even death unless they convert to Islam .
Sharia law is designed to do just that , and Muslim immigrants are trying to force the United States to allow its use throughout the society and culture .
It must be stopped .
All immigrants must abide by the United States Constitution and obey American laws if they wish to remain in this country .
Where Sharia laws conflict with United States laws , the laws of the U. S. override those Sharia laws .
Any attempts to implement Sharia should be resisted at all levels of government .
I urge all readers to please make a donation to his campaign , or at a minimum please call his office in a show of support .
The contact information can be found HERE .
Comments
comments
Description
Bubble Tanks Tower Defense takes
Hero 's popular series into new genres and beyond !
With 7 enemy types , over 11 unique tower paths , tower merging allowing for mega towers and mega -
mega towers ( the size of 16 towers combined ! ) , and 52 whopping game modes , we 're pretty sure you 'll have plenty to keep you busy until the release of Bubble Tanks Arenas . :)
If
that 's not enough for you , just check the " FML " checkbox from level select and prepare to get your world rocked ... er... blocked .
This has been a huge undertaking for Hero Interactive and we 're proud to finally release the game .
A special thanks goes out to our fans for all of your support !
" We feel free and happy here , away from all the rules and interference of the intervention , " says Morton , who is living in a tin hut at the camp , which does not have running water and where up to 70 people are living in tents and crude shelters , including the rusty shell of a long - abandoned vehicle .
Eighty - three year - old Morton and other Alyawarr leaders first moved to Honeymoon Bore in July to protest against the neglected and overcrowded state of Ampilatwatja , where raw sewage was ankle - deep in some houses and over - flowing into the street .
They were also upset about the forced takeover of their community store and lack of consultation with white officials sent to the community under the intervention .
But as the protest fell on deaf ears they decided to make the walk - off permanent , abandoning Ampilatwatja , where a government - appointed business manager is living in a $ 500,000 home and office complex and where a sign has been erected outside the store with the names of people who have been ordered to work at the council or face cuts in their welfare payments .
Morton objects to the intervention 's income management , whereby half a person 's Centrelink payments must be spent on food and other essentials .
" It 's like the ration days all over again , '' he says .
'' We have gone backwards .
There 's no incentive for my people to work .
This makes me feel no good … it 's about our pride . "
He says the only benefit Ampilatwatja has received from the $ 1.5 billion intervention is the building of a BMX bicycle track , which is now eroded and unsafe to use and which most residents did not want .
Bicycles remain locked in a container .
" We wanted grass for the football oval , " Morton says , because the favoured sport is Australian rules .
" They shut us out … they did n't ask us what we wanted . "
Morton says little work has been done to repair houses in Ampilatwatja , some of which are little more than tin shanties .
This week sewage was flowing from an open hole there .
Ampilatwatja , population 450 , has not been allocated any new houses under a $ 672 million government housing program to build 700 homes built in 20 bigger remote communities across the territory .
But three kilometres away at Honeymoon Bore volunteers this week poured a concrete slab , and a $ 25,000 kit home donated by an Adelaide company arrived by truck and was expected to be erected in time for a traditional smoking ceremony opening tomorrow .
Richard Downs , another Alyawarr leader , envisages up to 100 people will be living at the bore within two years , with wind generators and gardens and work for all in an indigenous " utopia " about 70 kilometres away from a clutch of disadvantaged out - stations that is called Utopia .
" Our aim is to show that Aboriginal people can break the cycle of dependency , that we can look after ourselves on our country , " Downs says .
Plans for Honeymoon
Bore include families making 3000 mud bricks .
" When they are made , everyone will chip in and help build a mud - brick house for the family , " he says .
'' This will give my people pride in owning homes they built themselves as well and developing building skills and knowledge … we think with some hard work , sweat and tears we can create a special place . "
Downs , 56 , says his people 's stand has attracted support from around Australia , including most unions , but no federal or NT government MP or minister has visited to listen to their complaints .
Protest letters have gone unanswered .
The Herald asked the federal Minister for Indigenous Affairs , Jenny Macklin , about the walk - off and complaints from the residents of Ampilatwatja .
A spokeswoman said decades of government failure meant infrastructure in many indigenous communities around Australia , like Ampilatwatja , was in serious disrepair .
She said work on a significant number of houses in Ampilatwatja was expected to begin in late April .
Speaking with the drawl of a man who has spent all his life in the bush , much of it on the back of a horse , Banjo Morton says living in Ampilatwatja under the intervention was like being cattle in a yard .
" We were being prodded and pushed around , " he says .
" We needed to get away from there , to build our own community and live the way we want to , on our country . "
by Junious Ricardo Stanton
“ The military has had about 20 years to work on weather warfare methods , which it euphemistically calls weather modification .
For example , rainmaking technology was taken for a few test rides in Vietnam .
The U.S. Department of Defense sampled lightning and hurricane manipulation studies in Project Skyfire and Project Stormfury .
And they looked at some complicated technologies that would give big effects .
‘ Angels Do n’t Play
This HAARP ’ cites an expert who says the military studied both lasers and chemicals which they figured could damage the ozone layer over an enemy .
Looking at ways to cause earthquakes , as well as to detect them , was part of the project named Prime Argus , decades ago .
The money for that came from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA , now under the acronym ARPA ) .
In 1994 the Air Force revealed its Spacecast 2020 master plan , which includes weather control .
Scientists have experimented with weather control since the 1940s , but Spacecast 2020 noted that ‘ using environmental modification techniques to destroy , damage or injure another state are prohibited . ’
Having said that , the Air Force claimed that advances in technology ‘ compels a reexamination of this sensitive and potentially risky topic . ’ ” – “ The Military ’s Pandora ’s Box ” by Dr. Nick Begich and Jeane Manning , www.haarp.net
Recently I wrote a piece detailing why Haiti is so poor , how the U.S. and its European allies have conspired since 1804 to choke and strangle the people and economy of this island inhabited by the descendants of Africans .
Haiti is peopled by the sons and daughters of the Africans who soundly defeated France , Britain and Spain to gain their independence and freedom , to become a beacon of possibility for freedom - loving people in this hemisphere .
The whites have never forgiven those Africans or their heirs for debunking the feeble notions of white supremacy and superiority .
The U.S. elites and New World Order devotees still hold a deep seated animus towards Haiti and the Haitian people to this day .
Immediately following the “ earthquake ” that hit Haiti on Jan. 12 , 2010 , I started seeing reports that the earthquake was not a random occurrence or happenstance .
These were the same rumblings I heard following Hurricane Katrina .
After the devastation of Katrina I started seeing reports about HAARP , High Frequency Active Auroral Research .
I did some research and discovered HAARP is an extremely high frequency radio transmitter military operation located in Alaska and Puerto Rico .
HAARP is a military project both the U.S. Navy and U.S. Air Force have signed on to for conducting experiments and tests using high frequency electromagnetic waves .
The U.S. military has been using HAARP to slice the earth ’s ionosphere , stab into the oceans in search of submarines , penetrate deep into the earth ’s core and impact all life on the planet .
Some speculate the U.S. and Russia have engaged in stealth weather warfare for decades .
The U.S. government is tight lipped about HAARP and its clandestine uses .
However if you do some cursory research , you will discover alarming but not surprising facts , that for me confirm what the Last Poets said is true , “ The white man has a god complex . ”
“ HAARP is part of the weapons arsenal of the New World Order under the Strategic Defense Initiative ( SDI ) .
From military command points in the U.S. , entire national economies could potentially be destabilized through climatic manipulations .
More importantly , the latter can be implemented without the knowledge of the enemy , at minimal cost and without engaging military personnel and equipment as in a conventional war , ” writes Michel Chossudovsky in “ Washington ’s New World Order Weapons Have the Ability to Trigger Climate Change . ”
Chossudovsky is professor of economics at the University of Ottawa and the author of “ The Globalization of Poverty . ”
He continues : “ The use of HAARP – if it were to be applied – could have potentially devastating impacts on the world ’s climate .
Responding to U.S. economic and strategic interests , it could be used to selectively modify climate in different parts of the world resulting in the destabilization of agricultural and ecological systems .
“ It is also worth noting that the U.S. Department of Defense has allocated substantial resources to the development of intelligence and monitoring systems on weather changes .
NASA and the Department of Defense ’s National Imagery and Mapping Agency ( NIMA ) are working on ‘ imagery for studies of flooding , erosion , land - slide hazards , earthquakes , ecological zones , weather forecasts , and climate change ’ with data relayed from satellites , ” Chossudovsky writes .
The U.S. has three known HAARP transmitting stations ( and the operative word here is “ known ” ) – two in Alaska at Gakona and Fairbanks and one in Puerto Rico near the Arecibo Observatory .
The U.S. actually admits HAARP has been used to probe the earth for natural gas and oil .
Keep this in mind : Haiti has oil .
In fact the Atlantic Richfield Co. is a major developer of patented HAARP technology as are E - Systems and Raytheon , two major defense contractors ( a euphemism for the warmongering military industrial complex ) .
What if the HAARP transmitting station in Puerto Rico was probing for oil in the Caribbean near Cuba or Haiti and set the signal frequencies too high ?
What if this aggravated a pre-existing fault line on the island shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic and resulted in the earthquake ?
Or what if they already knew Haiti had oil off its coasts and near the mountains and deliberately ignited a HAARP beam in order to generate enough instability to create an earthquake in order to ethnically cleanse and depopulate the region ?
Now before you call me crazy or say I ’m a “ conspiracy kook , ” remember this is the same U.S. military that dropped two atomic bombs on Nagasaki and Hiroshima , two non-military targets , when they had no idea how much damage they would cause !
This is the same military that dropped tons of lethal chemicals , defoliants and herbicides in Vietnam – sometimes on U.S. forces ( friendly fire ? ) .
This is the same military that uses depleted uranium in Iraq and unmanned drones to kill innocent civilians in Afghanistan and Pakistan today .
The U.S. is waging proxy and low grade resource wars all around the planet .
You get my drift ?
The U.S. military is capable of unspeakable atrocities .
Let ’s not forget the U.S. government ’s genocidal policies : giving smallpox laced blankets to the Native Americans , the infamous Tusgekee syphilis experiment .
Do n’t forget about slavery and the U.S. government standing idly by as thousands of Blacks were lynched and terrorized during the 19th and 20th centuries .
So if you are a student of history or you are half way sane , my HAARP scenario is not far fetched at all .
Why has Obama reacted to Haiti just like Bush reacted to Katrina ?
Why the delay in mobilizing aid ?
Why a military response as opposed to a humanitarian one ?
Why so many obstacles placed in the way of supplies and humanitarian aid given by other countries , just like FEMA erected obstacles to aid from neighboring communities and states and volunteer first responders in New Orleans ?
Why is the corporate media focusing on the alleged looting and the need for police and security rather than the way native Haitians have pooled together to help one another ?
This is a redo of Katrina .
Actually , when you consider the U.S. government ’s abysmal response to Hurricane Katrina and the recent Haitian crisis , you have to conclude they are : 1 ) callous and heartless , 2 ) totally inept or 3 ) deliberately engaged in ethnic cleansing and genocide .
I suspect the latter , and one of the reasons is oil .
Let us not forget : Haiti has oil !
Oil is one of the main components of the American g.o.d. : gold , oil and drugs .
They will do anything for their god .
The media is now playing up the scramble to help Haiti by Americans as a cover for what really went down and to keep people thinking the earthquake was a “ natural disaster ” when in fact HAARP created it either deliberately or unintentionally .
This is my theory .
Like the title of Charles Barkley ’s book , “ I may be wrong , but I doubt it . ”
Junious Ricardo Stanton is a freelance writer and internet radio host on www.harambeeradio.com and can be reached at jrswriter@comcast.net .
To read his commentaries regularly , subscribe to the Sons of Afrika listserve at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/SOA/.
Military , scientific and legal experts worldwide question whether 200,000 Haitians were sacrificed for gold and oil
by Mary Ratcliff
Junious Ricardo Stanton is not alone in questioning the cause the Jan. 12 earthquake in Haiti .
Significant voices around the world are joining the speculation .
And whether the quake was triggered , either accidentally or intentionally , by human intervention or is a natural disaster ripe for exploitation , the world ’s major powers appear to fear sovereign control by Haiti over its vast reserves of oil , gold and other minerals that are only now being widely revealed .
Haitian sovereignty , after all , was born in the world ’s only successful slave revolution .
Knowing the Haitian people guard their independence as fiercely as ever , world powers do n’t want to contend or compete with another Venezuela , an oil - rich country that owes its independence to Haiti ’s support for Simon Bolivar .
When , on Jan. 25 , President Hugo Chavez announced he was forgiving Haiti’s $ 352 million debt to Venezuela – one third of Haiti ’s total debt – he said : “ Haiti has no debt with Venezuela .
On the contrary , it is Venezuela that has a historic debt with Haiti . ”
“ The Russian Navy reports that the U.S. created the earthquake in Haiti , ” reports Pravda on Jan. 21 , “ through one of its earthquake weapons . ”
Pravda suggests that the earthquake in Eureka , Calif. , on Jan. 9 was caused by a U.S. Navy test in the Pacific .
And it reports that the Russian Navy has diagrammed a series of quakes “ identical in depth and linearly on the same fault ” in Venezuela on Jan. 8 , Honduras on Jan. 11 and Haiti on Jan. 12 – all at the same 10 km depth .
A Russian Navy report , according to Pravda , notes that “ it is ‘ more than likely ’ that the U.S. Navy had ‘ full knowledge ’ of the catastrophic damage that this test earthquake could potentially have on Haiti and had pre-positioned its deputy commander of the Southern Command , Gen. P.K. Keen , on the island to oversee aid work if needed . ”
“ Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez Wednesday accused the United States of causing the destruction in Haiti by testing a ‘ tectonic weapon ’ to induce the catastrophic earthquake that hit the country last week , ” reports Press TV Jan. 21 , adding , “ President Chavez said the U.S. was ‘ playing God ’ by testing devices capable of creating eco - type catastrophes . ”
“ Venezuelan media have reported that the earthquake ‘ may be associated with the project called HAARP , a system that can generate violent and unexpected changes in climate , ’ ” according to the Press TV story , which concludes , “ Former U.S. Secretary of Defense William Cohen in 1997 expressed concerns over countries engaging ‘ in eco - type of terrorism whereby they can alter the climate , set off earthquakes , volcanoes remotely through the use of electromagnetic waves . ’ ”
In a Jan. 28 email to the Bay View , geoscientist Leuren Moret writes : “ The Soviet Union and the U.S. co-developed HAARP during the Cold War , ” supposedly “ to prevent development of weapons to use against the environment or to use the environment as a weapon . ”
“ On Jan . 12 Haiti was hit with tectonic warfare by the U.S. from our HAARP facility at Arecibo , Puerto Rico , ” Moret asserts .
Why ?
“ Canadian mining companies ( tied to City of London bankers ) have been mining gold , silver , zinc and copper since 1975 in the Dominican Republic .
Now that they have mined and know the estimated yields – $ 54 billion from just ONE old volcano – they are going for the blood of the Haitians who would not allow mining .
“ Three years ago , Eurasian Minerals Inc. bought as much as 20 - 25 percent of the mining rights in Haiti , ” which is shown on its home page as the location of one of its five largest projects .
“ All of the five projects are located near a HAARP facility .
On Dec. 8 , 2009 , Eurasian Minerals applied to IFC ( World Bank ) for funding to mine Haiti in a formal proposal . ”
Even without a trigger as esoteric as HAARP , human - triggered quakes are well documented .
The Wall Street Journal , in a June 25 , 2009 , story titled “ At Fault : Does Drilling Cause Earthquakes ? ” reported : “ The idea that human activity can cause seismic activity is widely accepted in the scientific community .
A 2000 paper in the journal Oilfield Review – published by the oilfield services giant Schlumberger Ltd. – noted that the connection between oil production and earthquakes dates back to at least the 1920s , when geologists in South Texas noted faulting near the Goose Creek oil field . ”
Both drilling for oil and gas and a technique that involves “ injecting water into the ground to fracture rock formations far beneath the surface , ” which is also used for accessing renewable geothermal energy , have been blamed , according to the Wall Street Journal .
A geothermal project in Switzerland “ was shut down in 2006 after [ the water injection technique ] was blamed for a magnitude 3.4 quake – enough to cause quite a stir in an area not accustomed to temblors . ”
“ The New York Times reported Wednesday [ June 24 , 2009 ] on concerns that a geothermal energy project about to begin near San Francisco could trigger quakes in the seismically active region , ” reports Ben Casselman , writer of the Wall Street Journal story .
The developer of the San Francisco project says “ they ’ve improved the method and wo n’t cause serious quakes .
Residents are n’t so sure – one told the Times the project was ‘ terrifying . ’ ”
On Jan. 29 , attorney Marguerite Laurent of the Haitian Lawyers Leadership Network posted a new story to her website that begins : “ I wrote Part 1 of ‘ Oil in Haiti as the economic reason for the US / UN occupation ’ back in October 2009 .
After the earthquake I questioned whether oil drilling could have triggered the earthquake ( ‘ Did mining and oil drilling trigger the Haiti earthquake ? ’ ) . ”
She quotes from a Jan. 26 Bloomberg BusinessWeek story : “ Haiti Earthquake May Have Exposed Gas , Aiding Economy ” : “ The Jan. 12 earthquake was on a fault line that passes near potential gas reserves , said Stephen Pierce , a geologist who worked in the region for 30 years for companies including the former Mobil Corp .
The quake may have cracked rock formations along the fault , allowing gas or oil to temporarily seep toward the surface . ”
The Bloomberg story cites a 2000 report by the U.S. Geological Survey that estimates “ at least 142 million barrels of oil and 159 billion cubic feet of gas ” in the Greater Antilles , which include Cuba , Haiti , the Dominican Republic , Puerto Rico and their offshore waters .
Laurent writes , “ According to Haitian scholar Dr. Georges Michel ( in ‘ Oil in Haiti ‘ ) , the U.S. has known there ’s oil and natural gas reserves in Haiti since 1908 and did their explorations in the 1950s and locked up what they found as ‘ strategic reserves for the U.S. ’ to be tapped when Middle Eastern oil became less available .
“ I ’ve been writing for years now that the U.S. has been trying to get rid of Haiti ’s democratically elected government since 1991 so they could get to ‘ their ’ strategic reserves without any fear of a populist president nationalizing the oil and gas reserves to benefit the miserably poor majority in Haiti as has been done in Venezuela or elsewhere in Latin America .
( See , ‘ Haiti is full of oil , say Ginette and Daniel Mathurin , ’ where these scientists say there ’s more oil in Haiti than in Venezuela . ) …
“ Do n’t fall for this hoax .
The powers that be are already drilling and , for years , HLLN has been pointing to the Lavalas white book detailing Haiti ’s resources as part of the reason for ousting President Aristide and putting in Haitian puppets to empire . …
“ Just yesterday I was called CRAZY for saying Haiti had oil and substantial mineral resources .
But today , today , if the white man says it , it must be true !
[ She ’s referring to geologist Stephen Pierce in the Bloomberg story . ]
Do n’t fall for the empire ’s latest spin and cleanup job .
Two many defenseless people are still dying behind this earthquake and classquake .
Too many long - suffering flesh and blood who wo n’t get rescue , recovery , relief and rebuilding , but the cold steel of military occupation . ”
On Jan. 30 , in a Global Research story called “ The Fateful Geological Prize Called Haiti , ” journalist , historian and economic researcher F. William Engdahl describes the behind - the - scenes tug of war between world powers over what oil geologists call a “ Super - giant oilfield ” in Cuba and reserves in Haiti that may equal or exceed it .
“ In an interview with a Santo Domingo online paper , ” Engdahl writes , “ Leopoldo Espaillat Nanita , former head of the Dominican Petroleum Refinery ( REFIDOMSA ) , stated , ‘ There is a multinational conspiracy to illegally take the mineral resources of the Haitian people . ’
Haiti ’s minerals include gold , the valuable strategic metal iridium and oil , apparently lots of it . ”
Under the subheading “ Aristide ’s development plans , ” Engdahl continues : “ Marguerite Laurent ( ‘ Ezili Dantò ’ ) , president of the Haitian Lawyers ’ Leadership Network ( HLLN ) , who served as attorney for the deposed Aristide , notes that when Aristide was president – up until his U.S. - backed ouster during the Bush era in 2004 – he had developed and published in book form his national development plans .
These plans included , for the first time , a detailed list of known sites where the resources of Haiti were located .
The publication of the plan sparked a national debate over Haitian radio and in the media about the future of the country .
Aristide ’s plan was to implement a public - private partnership to ensure that the development of Haiti ’s oil , gold and other valuable resources would benefit the national economy and the broader population , and not merely the five Haitian oligarchic families and their U.S. backers , the so - called Chimeres or gangsters . ”
In a footnote at that point , Endahl adds : “ The Aristide development plan was contained in the book published in Haiti in 2000 , ‘ Investir dans l’Human .
Livre Blanc de Fanmi Lavalas sous la Direction de Jean - Bertrand Aristide , ’ Port - au - Prince , Imprimerie Henri Deschamps , 2000 .
It contained detailed maps , tables , graphics , and a national development plan for 2004 ‘ covering agriculture , environment , commerce and industry , the financial sector , infrastructure , education , culture , health , women ’s issues and issues in the public sector . ’
In 2004 , using NGOs and the U.N. and a vicious propaganda campaign to vilify Aristide , the Bush administration got rid of the elected president . ”
‘ There is a multinational conspiracy to illegally take the mineral resources of the Haitian people . ’ – Leopoldo Espaillat Nanita , former head of the Dominican Petroleum Refinery ( REFIDOMSA )
To conclude his story , Engdahl writes that according to Laurent , “ under the guise of emergency relief work , the U.S. , France and Canada are engaged in a balkanization of the island for future mineral control .
She reports rumors that Canada wants the North of Haiti , where Canadian mining interests are already present .
The U.S. wants Port - au - Prince and the island of La Gonaive just offshore – an area identified in Aristide ’s development book as having vast oil resources , and which is bitterly contested by France .
She further states that China , with U.N. veto power over the de facto U.N. - occupied country , may have something to say against such a U.S. - France - Canada carve - up of the vast wealth of the nation . ”
VoltaireNet , the non-aligned press network , reports that the swiftness of the U.S. troop deployment to Haiti “ can be easily explained since these troops were already pre-positioned in the context of a military exercise .
Under the orders of Gen. P.K. Keen , military deputy commander of U.S. Southern Command ( USSOUTHCOM ) , they took part in an exercise simulating a humanitarian operation in Haiti after a hurricane .
Keen and his staff had arrived a few days earlier .
At the precise moment that the earth shook , they were already sheltered in the U.S. Embassy , built in compliance with anti-earthquake norms . ”
Bay View editor Mary Ratcliff can be reached at editor@sfbayview.com or ( 415 ) 671-0789 .
Welcome !
Looking for the most strategic place for your office ?
event ?
You have arrived at the right place .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said Monday he hopes to bring Israel into the European Union , at the start of a three - day visit to the Jewish state .
Berlusconi brought eight top ministers for a joint cabinet meeting with their Israeli counterparts .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , cabinet ministers and a military honour guard welcomed the Italian delegation .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , right , and Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , left , are seen during a welcome ceremony at Netanyahu 's office in Jerusalem on Monday .
( ( Debbie Hill / Associated Press ) )
Under Berlusconi's leadership , Italy has become one of Israel 's strongest allies in Europe .
Berlusconi's efforts to strengthen ties with Israel followed decades of a pro-Arab tilt by previous Italian governments .
At the same time , Italy also remains Iran 's largest trading partner within the EU .
Israel considers Iran to be its greatest threat , accusing it of trying to develop a nuclear weapon .
Iran insists that its nuclear program is peaceful , but its president has repeatedly referred to Israel 's eventual destruction .
Close trade ties
Italy says it will act responsibly if new sanctions are imposed on Iran despite the vast interests of Italian companies there .
Italy has indicated that halting Iranian nuclear ambitions will take precedence over commercial considerations .
Speaking on arrival in Israel , Berlusconi told Netanyahu that " my greatest desire , as long as I am a protagonist in politics , is to bring Israel into membership of the European Union . "
Israel has close trade ties with the EU but is not pressing to join the bloc .
The European Commission was unavailable for comment about Israel 's possible inclusion into union .
The EU has had a tricky relationship with prospective members around the Mediterranean in the past .
It turned down Morocco as a candidate in 1987 , saying it was not European , and has stalled negotiations with Turkey for 23 years .
Some EU nations , such as France , firmly oppose Turkey 's membership on the grounds that it is also " not European . "
Netanyahu embraced his guest warmly , calling his arrival a " historic visit . "
" Not every day do we get the privilege to host one of Israel 's greatest friends , a brave leader who is a great fighter for freedom and an enthusiastic supporter of peace , " Netanyahu said of Berlusconi .
' Foundations for Western culture '
Netanyahu said the sides expected to sign a series of agreements during the visit , on subjects including energy , the environment and health .
He also spoke of the historic common bond between the two nations .
" I can think of very few nations who have made such a contribution to Western culture as our two nations .
In Rome and Jerusalem , the foundations for Western culture were laid , " he said .
Berlusconi echoed the same theme , expressing his " pride of the Judeo - Christian culture that formed the base of Western civilization . "
Berlusconi's three - day visit is his first overseas since an assailant attacked him in Milan in December and broke his nose and two teeth .
His schedule includes a stop at Israel 's Holocaust memorial , meetings with leaders and the joint cabinet session .
Berlusconi said the next joint session will take place in Italy .
Man ' buys ' $ 3 billion CD - ROM on Amazon - just to see what would happen
A man in the U.S. has ' bought ' an item on Amazon with a price tag of nearly three billion dollars - just to see what would happen .
Brian Klug spotted the copy of the Discovery Channel 's ' Cells ' CD - ROM for sale at $ 2,904,980,000 ( £ 1,800,979,540 ) .
Out of sheer curiosity , convinced the price tag was a mistake , he put in his credit card details to buy it and stepped back to see what would happen next .
Mr Klug posted a link on Reddit.com to his emailed confirmation order from Amazon proving that he had indeed purchased the CD - ROM for $ 2,904,980,000.00 - plus $ 3.99 shipping and handling
First off , Mr Klug from San Mateo , California , was charged $ 3.99 for posting and handling .
Mr Klug has posted on the Reddit website links to the Amazon site and confirmation of his purchase .
One Reddit commentatator posted : ' This is going to end poorly , I can feel it . '
' Might be a good morning to buy Amazon stock , ' wrote another , while a third pointed out that had Mr Klug had Amazon 's Visa three per cent rewards card , thus entitling him to roughly $ 87 million in rewards .
Some suggested Mr Klug pay in Zimbabwean dollars , while one left a note saying : ' Dear Sir : I hereby award you a gold star for your gallant efforts in propping up the US economy . '
' Geez , at least they could pick up the postal charges , ' was the sentiment of many , while others voiced hopes that Mr Klug actually has Win98 - the only operating system the CD - ROM can run on .
Luckily for Mr Klug , however , Amazon does not charge user 's credit cards until after their order has entered the packaging process .
The original Amazon page showing the CD - ROM for sale by suburbanbooks - and a second version for sale by another third - party seller for a comparatively modest $ 250,000
In possible anticipation of such instances the Amazon website does state : ' Despite our best efforts , a small number of the items in our catalogue may be mispriced .
' If an item 's correct price is higher than our stated price , we will , at our discretion , either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation . '
However , the problem for Mr Klug is that the CD - ROM is not being sold by Amazon , but by a third party named suburbanbooks .
And Amazon 's policy on third party 's is : ' This policy applies only to products sold and shipped by Amazon.com .
' Your purchases from third - party sellers are charged at the time you place your order , and third - party sellers may follow different policies in the event of a mispriced item . '
Fortunately , suburbanbooks has received a 99 per cent positive feedback rating from 4,302 users - presumably having never charged any of them billions of dollars for computer software .
Another Amazon seller appears to be trying to take advantage of the mis-pricing by offering their version of the same CD - ROM for a mere $ 250,000 .
It is not clear if anyone has taken the second seller up on their offer though 16 customers have tagged the items as ' a little pricey ' .
The CD - ROM is due to be shipped by January 4 or 5 , arriving at Mr Klug 's house any time between January 8 to January 26 .
It was described as ' new in shrinkwrap ' ( presumably there would have been a discount had it been used ) , and is being shipped from Berkeley , California .
Whether it will actually turn up remains to be seen .
[ / caption ]
The Spirit rover ’s driving days are likely over , as efforts to extricate the rover have been curtailed .
“ We do not believe that Spirit is extractable , ” said Doug McCuistion , director of NASA ’s Mars Exploration Program .
But mission managers stressed that today is not a day of loss at this point , as they hope to continue to make some exciting scientific observations .
However , the rover needs to be tilted to gather as much sunlight as possible in order to survive the Martian winter .
John Callas , project manager for the MER mission told Universe Today at today ’s press briefing that time is short .
“ We estimate about three weeks of driving activity , and we ca n’t drive every day , ” he said .
“ So there are just a handful of drives left before there is insufficient power to continue . ”
Callas added that around the March - April time frame will be the last images and data the rover can transmit before going into hibernation for the winter .
Spirit has been embedded in a sandtrap for 10 months , and the rover team has been engaged in an ambitious process to extricate the rover .
They ’ve encountered numerous setbacks , including the loss of use of an additional wheel , making it a four - wheeled rover .
( Spirit ’s right front wheel has not worked for a couple of years , now the right rear wheel has lost functionality ) .
“ Spirit is in a golfer ’s worst nightmare , stuck in a sand trap that no matter how many strokes you take you ca n’t get out of , ” said McCuistion .
Pointing the rover ’s solar panels towards the sun is critical if the rover is to survive .
In past winters , the movable rover has been able to be positioned to allow for maximum sun-gathering but the current embedding of the rover has left it with an unfavorable tilt , 9 degrees to south , when they really want a level rover — or even better — tilted to north .
Rover driver Ashley Stroupe said the rover is now pitched flat and rolled to left .
“ We want to try to pitch it forward and roll right for best winter survival . ”
The last few drives were aimed at trying to improve the rover ’s position , and were mildly successful .
“ We ’ve aimed toward improving northerly tilt , ” said Stroupe .
“ Spirit is sitting in a small crater with the rim behind her , so as it moves backwards , it is slowly climbing up , providing more tilt .
On the last drive saw 1 - 2 degree improvement in tilt . ”
In recent drives , the rover has moved approximately 20 centimeters .
The team can also attempt to rotate the rover in place , so that the roll is n’t pointed as much towards the south as it currently is .
Should they be successful , and if the rover survives the winter , the science team has some exciting prospects of continuing science with Spirit .
“ We have hope that Spirit will survive this cold dark winter that she has ahead of her , ” said MER principal investigator Steve Squyres .
“ The bottom line is we ’re not giving up on Spirit . ”
Squyres said they are most excited about tracking the radio signal from Spirit in order to determine if Mars has a solid or liquid core .
“ This is something totally new , something we ’ve never done , ” Squyres said .
“ If we can accurately determine the rover ’s motion in space in three dimensions , we can see the motions of Mars in orbit and track it precisely , then we can characterize the wobble very precisely .
The way Mars wobbles depends on its internal structure .
If Mars has a solid core of iron , will wobble one way but if it has a liquid molten core it will wobble another way .
We should be able to do this by tracking the stationary rover for six months . ”
Squyres said the team is finding new tricks on how to use a stationary rover .
Additionally , they should be able to characterize the odd soil at the Home Plate region , and characterize the interactions between the atmosphere and the surface of Mars .
“ We ’re not giving up on Spirit and we ’ll keep squeezing as much science out of the rover as we can , ” Squyres said .
“ We feel there is a lot of really exiting science yet ahead . ”
Source : Press briefing
From the “ weather is not c..c..cl..climate ” department , cold and snow hits hard .
Meanwhile , Hot Weather Convinces Media of Climate Change ; Cold Weather Ignored .
And it heads far south too .
A hard freeze warning has been issued for the Miami and Fort Lauderdale area :
And lest somebody say that this cold event is n’t significant , I ’ll let the NWS do the talking here :
Longest Stretch of Cold Weather in 15 to 25 Years Possible This Week
… Longest Stretch of Much Below Normal Temperatures in 15 to 25 Years Possible …
Temperatures are expected to remain much below normal over all of south Florida this week , with the possibility of even colder temperatures this upcoming weekend .
For detailed information on expected temperatures , please follow the indicated links for our textual and graphical forecasts .
For freeze / wind chill watches and warnings , please check our hazards page .
It is not unheard of to have freezing or near - freezing temperatures in south Florida each winter .
In fact , inland areas south and west of Lake Okeechobee experience freezing temperatures at least once a year on average .
Over the metro and coastal areas of south Florida , freezing temperatures are less frequent , but even in these areas freezing temperatures have occurred about every 5 to 10 years on average .
Temperatures drop to at least 35 about every 1 to 2 years in the Naples area , and about every 2 years in the outlying areas of southeast Florida .
For the urban areas of Miami / Fort Lauderdale , temperatures drop to at least 35 degrees about 2 to 3 times a decade , At West Palm Beach , the average is about every 1 to 2 years .
What is more noteworthy about the current cold snap is the duration of the event .
Typical south Florida cold snaps last about 2 - 3 days before winds switch to an easterly direction and blow warmer Atlantic air across the region .
However , our current weather pattern is what is referred to as a “ blocking pattern ” .
This means that weather systems that typically move from west to east at fairly regular intervals are instead remaining in place for several days .
A strong low pressure system over northern New England and eastern Canada is being “ blocked ” by a large high pressure system near Greenland .
This in turn is creating a stationary high pressure system over the western U.S. and Canada .
The result of this blocked flow is an uninterrupted and prolonged flow of air from the Arctic region of Canada southward over the eastern two - thirds of the country , including Florida .
Temperatures have dropped to below 50 degrees for three consecutive mornings over almost all of south Florida , with temperatures dropping to 45 or lower from Collier County east to Palm Beach County and points north .
The latest forecast calls for lows to drop below 45 degrees over all of south Florida through Thursday morning .
This would give 6 consecutive days of sub -50 and / or 45 degree - or - lower temperatures .
Following are the dates of the last time we had at least 6 consecutive days of low temperatures below 50 degrees in southeast Florida :
Miami and Fort Lauderdale : January 2001
Record is 13 days in Miami ( January – February 1940 ) and 12 days in Fort Lauderdale in January 1956
West Palm Beach : January 2003
Record for West Palm Beach is 12 days set in December 2000 - January 2001 and January 1956 .
Following are the dates of the last time we had 6 consecutive days of low temperatures of 45 degrees or lower in Naples ;
Naples : December 1989
Record for Naples is 8 days in January 1977 .
Following are the dates of the last time we had 5 consecutive days of low temperatures of 40 degrees or lower in Moore Haven ;
Moore Haven : January 24 - 28 , 2001 .
Record for Moore Haven is 9 days from December 31 , 2000 to January 8 , 2001 .
Therefore , it ’s been at least 7 years since we ’ve had a prolonged stretch of temperatures in the 40s and 30s , with some areas going back as far as 21 years !
Taking into account the daily average temperature , it ’s possible that we ’ll have up to 5 consecutive days of temperatures averaging at least 10 - 15 degrees below normal .
For most of south Florida , the last time we had a stretch that cold was in 1995 , with some areas going back to the mid to late 1980s .
Here ’s a sampling of headlines around the world :
Temps Plunge to Record as Cold Snap Freezes North , East States
Seoul buried in heaviest snowfall in 70 years
Vermont sets ‘ all - time record for one snowstorm ’
Iowa temps ‘ a solid 30 degrees below normal ’
Power goes out at Reagan National outside DC
Seoul buried in heaviest snowfall in 70 years
Peru ’s mountain people ‘ face extinction because of cold conditions ’…
Beijing – coldest in 40 years
World copes with Arctic weatherWinter Could Be Worst in 25 Years for USA
Britain braced for heaviest snowfall in 50 - years
GAS SUPPLIES RUNNING OUT IN UK
Miami shivers from coldest weather in decade
Northern Sweden on the way to 50 degrees below zero
Sponsored IT training links :
Download free demos for HP2 - T19 exam with up to date 000 - 106 study resources to prepare and pass 000 - 203 exam on first try .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Job losses are an " inevitability " at Cadbury after its takeover by US giant Kraft Foods , the UK firm 's chairman has confirmed to the BBC .
Without estimating how many positions would be affected , Roger Carr said jobs would go at Cadbury 's head office in Uxbridge , London .
However , he added that he saw Kraft both supporting and developing Cadbury 's UK production facilities .
Mr Carr was speaking after Cadbury 's board backed a £ 11.5 bn bid from Kraft .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the government was " determined " to ensure that Cadbury jobs were secure .
" We are determined that the levels of investment that take place in Cadbury in the United Kingdom are maintained and we are determined that , at a time when people are worried about their jobs , that jobs in Cadbury can be secure , " he said .
Shareholder vote
The increase in Kraft 's debt to pay for Cadbury will doubtless worry its employees
BBC business editor Robert Peston
Peston :
The takeover terms Dave Harvey : Avon jobs saved ?
Bournville : Sadness and anger Send us your comments Cadbury 's directors have advised the firm 's shareholders to accept the offer , which represents 840 pence per share .
Investors will also get a 10 p per share dividend .
Shareholders now have until 2 February to back the deal which , led by Cadbury 's large institutional investors , is expected to be a formality .
Kraft 's offer consists of 500 pence in cash , with the rest made up of Kraft shares .
The US group will borrow £ 7bn ( $ 11.5 bn ) to finance the deal .
The announcement that Kraft and Cadbury had reached agreement on a takeover was made on Tuesday after Kraft increased its previous hostile offer of $ 10.5 bn , which Cadbury had rejected .
' Bitter sweet ' CADBURY John Cadbury , a Quaker , opened a shop in Birmingham in 1824 , selling tea , coffee and hot chocolate - as an alternative to alcohol Dairy Milk brand introduced in 1905 , with Milk Tray coming 10 years later Merged with rival confectioner JS Fry & Sons in 1919 Merged with Schweppes drinks business in 1969 .
Its drinks arm was spun off in 2008 Employs about 45,000 people in 60 countries Cadbury brands include : Dairy Milk , Flake , Crunchie , Chocolate Buttons and Milk Tray
How Kraft and Cadbury compare
In pictures : Cadbury 's history
In an interview with BBC business editor Robert Peston , Mr Carr admitted that the decision to accept Kraft 's improved offer was a " bittersweet moment " .
However , he said the deal represented good value for Cadbury shareholders , which was what he was paid to focus on .
Although " there will clearly be some cost savings they have to make " , Mr Carr said he hoped Kraft would take on some of Cadbury 's senior team .
" People are the key to successful businesses , they need to be cared for , and I 'm sure Kraft understands that , " he said .
" I shall miss not being chairman of Cadbury , but I 'm sure those that own it now will develop it as a strong company , respecting its British roots , but growing it as a global company . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Business Secretary Peter Mandelson said Kraft 's chairman and chief executive Irene Rosenfeld had already written to him to assure him of Kraft 's " respect for Cadbury 's heritage and employees " .
He added that he had now invited Ms Rosenfeld for talks on the details of Kraft 's plans , which he said he would then immediately disclose to the Cadbury workforce .
Cost cuts Kraft has already said it expects to achieve " meaningful cost savings " as a result of the merger .
While it has given no specific assurances over the future of 4,500 UK jobs , it says it wants to invest in Cadbury 's Bournville site in Birmingham , and maintain production at Somerdale , near Bristol , also known as Keynsham .
KRAFT FOODS
Founded in Illinois as a cheese wholesaler in 1903 Bought in 1988 by Philip Morris , which also purchased Nabisco for $ 19.2bn in 2000 before integrating it into Kraft Foods
More than 40 of its brands are more than 100 years old Has 98,000 employees and 168 manufacturing and processing facilities worldwide Kraft brands include : Kenco , Ritz , Philadelphia spread , Tang , Alpen Gold and Oreo David Cumming , head of UK equities at Cadbury shareholder Standard Life , said that he would be backing the takeover .
" I wo n't go against the view of Cadbury 's management , " he told the BBC .
" Kraft are getting a good deal .
It 's sad that Cadbury is gone , but business is business . "
Ms Rosenfeld said the deal was good news for shareholders and staff .
" We have great respect for Cadbury 's brands , heritage and people , " she said .
" We believe they will thrive as part of Kraft Foods . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Artists , wanna take part ?
You can read the guidelines for this contest here !
Previews for the next 2 Derby themes are
&
The Derby ends each MONDAY at 8 pm , CST , make sure to cast your vote below by signing in to your Woot or Amazon account !
_____________________________________________________________________________________
read more …
Conan O'Brien 's pal Will Ferrell is in no hurry to make an appearance on " The Tonight Show " once Jay Leno takes back over .
In fact , if Leno comes a callin ' ...
Ferrell said he might conveniently call in sick .
Will made the comments on the Todd N Tyler Radio Empire morning show in Omaha yesterday .
During the interview , they asked Will if he thinks Leno would still have him on the show since he 's such a Team Coco kind of guy ... and he said , " I do n't know .
My vote 's with Conan . "
Look at John McCain , doing his gooey concern routine .
That is not going to help Mccain in his primary with the teabag candidate , this is not going to satisfy the Arizona Minute Men or the militias .
If we do n't pass HCR , the teabaggers and the screamers will be in the face of every Democratic candidate this fall .
They 'll follow Dems around with their guns and battle flags .
But if HCR passes , the teabaggers will be attacking the GOP candidatees with demands for a repeal .
Passing HCR will put all the heat on the GOP come the fall and put a big fracture in the conservative base .
The response to the summit has been pretty tepid from the GOP .
The low key event seems to have provided little excuse for fresh outrage .
It just does not express the teabagger mindset .
You can cruise over the RedState for a look at the lukewarm discussion
http://www.redstate.com/...
to see Erik 's story about how the GOP had a crushing response ....... in Human Events .
What 's that Erik ?
They forgot to bring their best stuff to the actual meeting , but published something online instead ?
Sad , just sad .
And when someone asked RedState where the liveblog is , they say they just use Twitter .
You hear that ?
Tremble before Erik 's invisible empire of literally dozens ( well at least 10 we 're fairly sure of that ) of followers .
I would like to suggest that each and every one of you tell your teabagging friends and relatives how the GOP sold them out today .
In fact they should mark the calender on February 25 as " The Day The Republicans Sold You Out . "
Update
If you look at the Redstate discussion , it seems like an ideological sticking point for the GOP is that insurance companies should be allowed to exclude preexisting conditions .
I 'm not clear where this is coming from , but it seems to be pretty well formed talking point for them , and it seems consistent with what the GOPers were hinting about today .
Un motard de 25 ans a été convoqué et entendu , hier , à la brigade de gendarmerie de Lauzerte pour avoir commis , en pas moins de 50 minutes chrono , quelque 65 infractions au code de la route .
Il n'a pas été suivi par une voiture banalisée , ni même par l'un des hélicoptères de la gendarmerie , mais trahi par une caméra embarquée qu'il avait installée sur le réservoir de son engin .
Les faits remontent au 23 janvier dernier lorsque les gendarmes découvrent , à 300 mètres de leur brigade de Lauzerte , une caméra miniature sur le bord de la route .
Après avoir extrait la carte mémoire pour visualiser son contenu , ils découvrent la vidéo d'un « rider » .
Sur ces films amateurs , les motards prennent tous les risques sur la route pour faire le « buzz » sur Internet .
Après avoir visionné la vidéo , les gendarmes découvrent que cet individu , parti de la rue Voltaire à Montauban et arrivé 50 minutes plus tard à Lauzerte en ayant fait un détour par Bouloc , a commis 65 infractions au code de la route ( soit plus d'une toute les minutes ) , dont 23 d'excès de grande vitesse , c'est - à- dire de 50 km/h supérieurs à la vitesse autorisée .
Les militaires enregistrent une pointe à 177 km /h .
Les enquêteurs , avec à leur tête le lieutenant Arnaud Heudeleine , se lancent dans de difficiles investigations pour retrouver l'auteur de cette vidéo .
Toutefois , ils parviennent rapidement , grâce aux reflets filmés des rétroviseurs , à identifier le type de moto - une 750 cm3 Triumph Daytona - et les vêtements du motard .
C'est le lendemain de cette découverte que les gendarmes parviennent à identifier cet individu .
En effet , la veille de cette folle embardée , il a acheté une caméra qu'il a accidentellement perdu .
Le motard entend bien remettre la main dessus .
Le 24 janvier , il arpente donc le bord de la route de Lauzerte où il pense avoir perdu sa caméra à ventouse .
Intrigué par son comportement , un gendarme en civil lui demande ce qu'il cherche .
L'homme lui répond , sans se douter de rien : « une caméra que j'avais sur ma moto » .
Les recoupements terminés , les militaires lauzertins n'ont eu plus qu'à convoquer ce motard pour l'entendre à la brigade .
La moto de ce Tarn - et - Garonnais , qui court habituellement sur circuit , a été saisie .
Elle est immobilisée en fourrière jusqu'à son procès début mars .
Le tribunal pourrait d'ailleurs , au vu du nombre d'infractions , lui confisquer son deux roues .
In an interview on CNBC's Squawkbox this morning , COP chair Elizabeth Warren said simply , " Well it 's bad . "
Then she explained , " We 're looking at a situation where about half of all commercial real estate loans are going to be underwater by the end of this year , and that is going to have a direct impact on about 3,000 community banks , or about 40 percent of our entire banking system . "
Not good .
These , she notes , are mostly community banks , which do a disproportionate amount of commercial and small business lending .
" To the extent that they get socked on the commercial real estate , they see these coming losses , so they tend to husband their money , and that means that the money is not available for their other customers , for the small businesses . "
Both are essentially exculpatory parables of empowerment , anchored in feminist ideology .
Their heroines originate as victims , pushed to criminal excesses by injustices done to them .
The true aggressors are the men who mistreat and objectify them .
So too with “ Monster ” ( 2003 ) , in which Charlize Theron , in a virtuosic instance of empathy ( and cosmetic makeover ) re-enacted the story of Aileen Wuornos , a real - life prostitute who , after years of sexual abuse , began murdering her clients .
A decade or two ago this all made sense .
The underworld of domestic abuse and sexual violence was coming freshly to light .
And social arrangements were undergoing abrupt revision .
The woman who achieved hard - won success in the workplace might well find herself , like the lonely stalker played by Glenn Close in “ Fatal Attraction ” ( 1987 ) , tormented by the perfect - seeming family of the married man with whom she enjoys a weekend fling .
Much has changed since then , but the topic of women and violence  especially as represented by women  remains more or less in a time warp , bound by the themes of sexual and domestic trauma , just as male depictions of female violence are locked in the noir demimonde of fantasy , the slinky femmes fatales once played by Barbara Stanwyck and Lana Turner more or less duplicated by Kathleen Turner and Sharon Stone .
Put it another way .
It is not hard to imagine Mr. DeLillo or Mr. Scorsese mapping the interior circuitry of Timothy McVeigh ; Seung - Hui Cho , the Virginia Tech killer ; or Bruce E. Ivins , the Army biodefense expert who , the F.B.I. concluded last week , committed anthrax terror in the aftermath of 9/11  the paranoia , the lethal mix of fantasy and ruthless plotting .
But what artist might do justice to Dr. Bishop and her complex story , as its details have so far been reported : the privileged upbringing ; her stable marriage to a uxorious husband , who was also her collaborator on scientific inventions ; their four children , some of whose homework Dr. Bishop is monitoring from her jail cell ?
And what of the accounts given by associates and neighbors of her personal qualities  assertive , bristling with sharp opinions , vocal on the subject of her brilliance , harboring fierce resentments ?
The uncomfortable fact is that for all her singularity , Dr. Bishop also provides an index to the evolved status of women in 21st - century America .
The number of female neurobiologists may still be small , but girls often outdo boys in the classroom , including in the sciences .
( Mattel recently announced a new addition , Computer Engineer Barbie , to its line of popular dolls . )
A Harvard Ph.D. remains a rare credential for women ( as well as for men ) , but women now make up the majority of undergraduates at many prestigious colleges .
And the tenure struggle said to have lighted Dr. Bishop ’s short fuse reflects the anxieties of many other women who now outnumber men in the work force and have become , in thousands of cases , their family ’s principal or only breadwinner .
These conditions have been developing for some years now .
But the most advanced narratives of female violence seem uninterested in them .
There is , for example , Marina Abramovic , a pioneer of performance art who will be honored in a major retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art in March , with 35 artists re-enacting five of her works .
Ms. Abramovic , born in what was then Belgrade , Yugoslavia , first became a force in 1973 at the Edinburgh Festival , where she furiously stabbed a knife between her splayed fingers , bloodying 10 blades and tape recording the noises she made as she wounded herself .
In 2002 Ms. Abramovic was still at it , exhibiting herself for 12 days in a downtown Manhattan installation , wordlessly moving among three raised platforms connected to the floor by ladders whose rungs were fashioned from large knives , their gleaming blades turned up .
An abstinence - only program without a moralistic tone can delay teenagers from having sex , researchers say .
The study , in The Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , differed from traditional programs that have lost federal and state support in recent years .
The classes did not preach saving sex until marriage or disparage condom use .
Instead , they involved assignments aimed at helping sixth and seventh graders see the drawbacks to sexual activity at their age .
1 - 19 20 - 99 100 - 399 400 - 1999 2000 +
Submit
By clicking the button above , you consent to receive calls and emails from RingCentral at the number provided .
You are not required to give consent in order to make a purchase .
Calls may be connected using automated technology .
An ultrasound scanner the size of a large mobile phone has been launched in Europe and North America .
The Vscan can be used to image the heart and other organs .
The portable device could offer a rapid early diagnosis in hospital and the community .
It looks like a cross between a flip top phone and the medical scanner used by Dr McCoy in the TV series Star Trek .
The Vscan is not science fiction but a hand - held ultrasound machine with a scanning wand attached , which has been approved for use in Europe and North America .
The portability of the device means it is likely to have a use outside hospitals - allowing scanning to be done wherever its needed , in the home or perhaps for the military - on the battlefield .
The handheld scanner , which will cost around £ 5,000 , was developed by GE Healthcare .
The company stresses that Vscan is not designed to replace existing scanning machines , but as a rapid diagnostic aid , to triage patients , who would then be referred for more specialist examination .
George Sutherland , professor of cardiac imaging at St George 's , London , shows how the portable handheld ultrasound scanner works .
He demonstrates it on one of his patients , Stefan Osafo .
Lawyers acting for MGM have written to 007 Refrigeration
A small air - conditioning and fridge repair firm based in Northampton is to change its name after threats from film company MGM .
MGM , which owns the James Bond film brand , threatened legal action against 007 Refrigeration , says the firm .
Mick Purcell , who runs the business with a partner , said they had decided to change the name to avoid a possible costly and lengthy legal battle .
The firm will now be known as 700 Refrigeration .
' Licence to chill '
Lawyers acting for MGM said the name of the Northampton firm , which used the phrase " licence to chill " as part of its branding , could be seen as passing off as a film firm .
Mr Purcell told BBC
News the company , which provides refrigeration and air - conditioning installation and maintenance , had been given two weeks to alter its branding .
He said : " Our customers can't believe it and why now - we have been trading for six years . "
Mr Purcell said it would be difficult to see how someone could " misconstrue " the Northampton firm for a major film company making multi-million pound spy movies .
" Clearly , we are not , " he said .
No - one from MGM was available for comment on Friday evening .
Advertisement
YouTube has launched a music discovery service , fueled by YouTube 's inventory of music videos , called YouTube Disco .
Click on the image above for a closer look .
Presently it is n't the most advanced music discovery service around but it could be the easiest to use .
You have two options when searching YouTube Disco .
You can search for an artist or song and hear more songs by that artist — you might discover something new but it will be within the artist 's own discography — or you can search for music related to the song or artist you initially searched for .
Advertisement
In the screenshot above , songs related to Queen appear in the left - hand column whereas songs directly in the Queen discography appear in the right - hand column .
From the right - hand column you can browse through artist videos — the default view — or select mixes of related music or related artists .
For other ways to discover new music check out previously reviewed Radio Tuna , Project Playlist , and Source Tone .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Have a favorite music discovery tool ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
YouTube Disco [ via gHacks ]
Did you know that callers who hear music and messages while they ’re waiting on hold are less likely to hang up ?
Customers who hear silence — no audible cues to signify their calls are still connected , such as music or messages — will typically hang up within 60 seconds .
With on - hold music and messages from RingCentral , you ’re able to retain more customers , which increases opportunities for sales and service .
According to a recent survey , 73 % of UK callers prefer to hear audio other than beeps or silence .
Callers perceive shorter wait times when soothing or upbeat music is played while they wait .
Plus , music serves as a subtle but important reminder that they are still in the queue — and not stuck in an abyss of lost calls .
By adding messages that play at timed intervals , you can capitalise on your captive audience .
Engage your customers with special announcements , or entertain them with interesting facts about your company .
RingCentral
Office allows admins and users to easily customise on - hold messages and music tracks , delivering real and rapid results for your callers and your revenues .
Benefits of hold music and messages
Retain more callers with messages and music .
Quickly implement on - hold music and messages for your callers .
Your RingCentral cloud phone system includes a selection of default voice messages and more than 500 music tracks — so you can start communicating with customers while they ’re on hold straight away .
Configure the system to pause the music at specified intervals and play voice updates that reassure clients their calls are still connected and in the queue .
You can also record custom messages that encourage callers to stay on the line and make their wait times seem much shorter .
In addition to the wide selection of music tracks included with your RingCentral account , you also have the option of uploading your own music ( that has been appropriately licensed for use ) .
Powerful controls deliver targeted information .
Target recorded messages and accompanying music tracks for specific customers to hear .
Select types of music and special messages to play based on criteria such as the time , day of the week , the number dialled by the caller , or the incoming caller ID data .
Each user can select music tracks and messages to play during calls to their extensions — useful for communicating holiday hours or information about specific departments or teams .
Deliver useful information using on - hold messages .
Save valuable time with messages that address frequently asked questions — such as enquiries about business hours , locations , and directions .
Boost sales and generate excitement by informing your callers about new products , services , or special events while they wait .
Project a polished , professional image with messages designed to enhance your reputation and overall brand .
Hold music and messages FAQs
What are the audio options for calls on hold ?
RingCentral
Office provides multiple audio options for calls on hold — including music and messages — for you to use .
Your callers can hear only music , only messages , or music with accompanying messages played at intervals that you specify .
You can also choose to have your callers can hear only silence — though doing so will increase the number of calls prematurely disconnected by customers and may negatively impact business .
RingCentral ’s highly configurable settings allow you to control — broadly or very precisely — the messages and music each caller hears .
Have all callers hear the same thing while they hold .
Or play different messages and / or music for various customers based on criteria such as the day , the time , the incoming caller ID , or the number dialled by the caller .
How large is RingCentral ’s music catalogue ?
Your RingCentral account includes more than 500 music tracks that span more than a dozen genres and styles .
Can I use custom music ?
Yes .
Simply upload original or royalty - free music files ( MP3 or WAV format ) to your RingCentral account , and then use the music for your callers on hold .
Please note that commercially produced music — including most works published on vinyl , CDs , and cassettes , as well as digital or streaming music tracks — must be licensed for use with business or personal phone systems .
Which file formats should I use for custom music ?
Either MP3 or WAV formatted music files can be used with your RingCentral account .
Recommend settings for WAV files are PCM / 8 kHz/16-bit/ mono or CCITT u-Law ( G711a ) / 8 kHz/8-bit/ mono .
Do I need to license the music or pay royalties ?
The default music tracks included with your account are licensed for use with your RingCentral system .
No additional royalty fees apply .
If you upload MP3 or WAV music files to use with your phone system , you may have to pay license fees or royalties .
International copyright regulations limit how and where music can be played .
Even if you purchased the music recordings ( CDs , MP3 files , etc. ) , you do not own the music and must obtain licences .
How do I obtain the proper licences ?
A public performance licence is required for most commercial music recorded in the last 50 years .
Licences for the majority of commercially recorded music produced in the UK can be obtained from PRS for Music and PPL UK .
Licences for most music produced in North America can be obtained from BMI and ASCAP .
Can I record my own messages ?
Absolutely .
With RingCentral Office , you have the freedom and flexibility to record , upload , and use your own messages whenever you like .
Though not required , writing a script and rehearsing it a few times before recording your message is recommended .
It ’s also a good idea to listen to on - hold announcements that are similar in tone and content to the ones you want to create for your business .
Can I have my messages recorded by professional voice performers or celebrities ?
Absolutely .
Have your custom messages recorded by any professional actor or talent service you choose .
Once your messages are recorded , upload the files ( WAV or MP3 format ) to your RingCentral account to begin using them as you like .
To make it easier for customers to use professional , polished greetings and messages , RingCentral has partnered with US - based Snap Recordings — industry leaders in telephone voice recordings .
How easy is it to use Snap Recordings to record my custom messages ?
Snap Recordings offers a variety of packages — some as low as £ 50 that make it easy to create your messages and begin using them quickly .
Visit Snap Recordings to begin the simple , 3 - step process of bringing your recordings to life .
Choose from a talent pool of more than 80 prominent , professional voice performers .
Upload your custom script , and in just 7 – 10 days , your professionally recorded message will be ready for you to use to delight and inform your customers .
Which file formats should I use for custom messages ?
Whirlpool Warns Workers : Do n’t You Dare Protest
Created : February 24 , 2010 17:36 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Whirlpool should be used to protests after plant closures by now :
After shutting down factories and laying off workers in Newton , Iowa , Herrin , Ill. , and Searcy , Ark. , in 2006 , in LaVergne , Tenn. , and Reynosa , Mexico in 2008 , and in Fort Smith , Ark. , and Evansville , Ind. , in 2009 and 2010 as part of its latest round of layoffs affecting 5,000 people , one would think they ’d know the drill .
People get mad and depressed when their livelihoods disappear , and especially when their jobs get sent overseas .
But a letter sent to its Evansville employees indicates management has a tin ear as well as a cold heart when it comes to this round of layoffs .
Perhaps the $ 20 million in job creation funds it accepted to develop new technologies shortly after it announced the Evansville layoffs to little media attention has something to do with it ?
Nonetheless , Sam Stein at The Huffington Post reports that Whirlpool would like its soon - to - be - former employees to go gently into that good night of unemployment and dwindling prospects so they can keep their taxpayer money .
And they most definitely do n’t want them to join in a union protest on Friday with AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka — but it ’s all for their own good .
“ With this in mind , we have shared our concern with Local 808 leaders that these negative activities will only hamper employees when they look for future jobs .
The entire community is aware and sympathetic towards the situation we all face .
We fear that potential employers will view the actions of a few and determine whether they would want to hire any of Evansville Division employees in the future .
We hope that this is not the case , but think it is certainly a consideration . ”
Evansville , a city of about 117,000 people , had a median household income of $ 34,629 in 2008 according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
But the Evansville metropolitan area , according to the Bureau of Labor statistics , supported 173,000 jobs last December ( down from 179.2 in November 2008 ) .
Unemployment , while under the national average of 10 percent in December , was 8.1 percent — more than 2 points up from November 2008 .
In Evansville , 12.3 percent of the workforce belongs to a union — the same as the national average .
It ’s a fair guess that potential employers in Evansville wo n’t be turned off to see their about - to - be- unemployed neighbors protesting the company that is moving their jobs to Mexico — and a better bet that the company is more concerned about the bad publicity for its stimulus grant than the future employment prospects of the very people it is laying off .
Michel Barnier 's appointment as markets commissioner has worried many
By Kabir Chibber
Business reporter , BBC News
" The zeitgeist has changed . "
Indeed it has .
Before late 2008 , the UK's economy - the third - largest in the European Union ( EU ) - was the envy of most of its neighbours .
The financial sector was booming , fuelling a decade of growth .
Proud British officials in Brussels would push other countries to open their economies and curb protectionism .
Make your economy more like ours , they argued .
Now , the collapse of the UK economy has been averted with an unprecedented level of taxpayer intervention .
Which has in turn fuelled unprecedented levels of government debt .
Unemployment is at the highest since 1995 .
Suddenly , the neighbours are not so envious anymore .
" The crisis has made people question whether there is something wrong with the Anglo - Saxon model , " said Charles Grant , director of the Centre for European Reform .
' Rush of blood '
His pro-European think tank was the co-organiser of a conference in central London on Thursday to discuss the UK 's role in the EU as the financial crisis recedes from memory .
Many of the delegates seemed jittery .
In their views , the French and the Germans are in the ascendancy in Europe , while the British influence is fading .
We have to show more humility , but this underlines the fact that we need to be more engaged
Roland Rudd , Business for New Europe
They fear France and Germany are out for revenge , leading to a flood of new Europe - wide regulation aimed at preventing a future crisis that will drive banks out of the City of London and overwhelm UK businesses with red tape .
Business Secretary Lord Mandelson , one of the keynote speakers , was keen to emphasise that the UK 's voice was still strong in Europe .
" People do listen to us when we are thinking European , " he said , arguing that the UK could fight off more regulation .
" We need to push back against this - intelligently , " he said .
" We need to guide that debate ... rather than join some unthinking rush of blood to the head . "
Whereas the UK is expected to exit recession only in the last three months of 2009 - after the longest contraction since records began in 1955 - France and Germany both returned to growth in the April - to - June quarter .
The much stricter regulatory regime and greater role of the state in the economy of both eurozone countries was attributed for this quick recovery .
" Frankly , I do n't think there 's a great deal we can learn from the French on banks , " Lord Mandelson said , though he added that " they have a lot of sense " and much to contribute to the regulatory debate .
But he quickly followed with : " We do have a lot to learn from the French about long - term investment in the industry , " he said .
" There is a case for the design - but not the implementation - of regulation to be at the level of the single market , " Lord Mandelson argued .
His more contrite comments reflect the new reality : the UK cannot tell its neighbours what is best with its economy in tatters .
It has lost the moral high ground .
New commissioner Much of the worry the UK is feeling comes from the appointment of France 's Michel Barnier as the EU 's internal markets commissioner .
His brief includes the control over the banking sector - much of which is concentrated in London .
Lord Mandelson says the UK's interests will be protected French President Nicolas Sarkozy described the UK as the " losers " when it was announced that the make - up of the new European Commission included Mr Barnier , Mr Sarkozy 's former agriculture minister .
France has been a proponent of heavier regulation of banks since the crisis started in 2008 - pushing for taxes on banker bonuses and global supervision .
Mr Barnier 's appointment was reported in the British press as an arch - socialist seizing control of the European economy .
But the new commissioner moved to allay concerns in testimony before the European Parliament on Wednesday .
" I 'm not going to be taking orders from Paris , London or anywhere else , " Mr Barnier said , telling UK conservative MEP Syed Kamall that he believed in a " strong City " .
Lord Mandelson also had praise for Mr Barnier , saying there was nothing for the UK to worry about from the man whom he dealt with regularly while Lord Mandelson was at the European Commission .
" Do n't be fooled by the media , " he said .
" I worked closely with him and he 's going to bring a lot of forward - looking common sense . "
" The next five years - the life and tenure of this commission - are going to be incredibly important . "
Yet Mr Barnier made it clear that things would change .
" It is in the interests of Europe 's financial sector to be regulated smartly and efficiently , " he said .
More humility
Whatever happens , it is clear that the conversations between the financial services sector in London and regulators in Brussels will be quite different .
One panellist - a Financial Times journalist - jokingly noted that in Mr Barnier 's French - language testimony , he used the terms ' hedge fund ' and ' private equity ' .
Apparently , there are no equivalents in his native tongue .
Many British companies and lobbyists are worried about whether they will have a voice at all in Europe , with so many blaming free market orthodoxy for the woes that most countries are still only just emerging from .
There is also the issue of the UK elections this year , which might produce a Conservative government that would be much more sceptical towards Europe .
Godfrey Bloom , the MEP for the UK Independence Party - which wants the UK to leave the EU - was particularly scathing about Mr Barnier 's views during this week 's hearings at the European Parliament , and warned him against introducing excessive regulation .
So , how will the UK find itself treated in the future ?
" We have to show more humility , " according to Roland Rudd , chairman of Business for New Europe , the other pro-Europe think tank to host the conference .
" But this underlines the fact that we need to be more engaged . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Organic synthesis and methodology in your ( free ? ) time
Dell 's Mini 3 smartphone is coming to AT&T .
Google was n't the only company announcing new Android - based devices this week .
At this year 's Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas , several handset and mobile device manufacturers also announced new models and partnerships with mobile carriers for their Android devices , ranging from various mobile phones and tablets , to eBook readers .
Computer manufacturer
Dell announced that it has signed a deal with AT&T to carry its Mini 3 Android - based mobile phone .
Although Dell is an American company , as of the end of 2009 , the Mini 3 smartphone was previously only available in Brazil and China .
The deal with AT&T marks Dell 's first entry into the US handset market .
Following in Dell 's footsteps , Lenovo announced its new LePhone handset which will launch in the Chinese market in May of this year .
Even though Android 2.1 has been released , reportedly the LePhone will only run version 1.6 .
Lenovo has yet to confirm if it has any plans to launch the phone in Europe or North America .
In addition to Dell 's Mini 3 , mobile phone carrier AT&T also confirmed that it would be launching four additional Android devices in the first half of 2010 .
AT&T is expected to carry other phones from HTC and Motorola .
Pricing details and model details , however , have yet to be announced .
One likely candidate is Motorola 's new BACKFLIP phone which features the company 's MOTOBLUR interface .
The BACKFLIP features a " reverse - flip " QWERTY keyboard , a 5 MP camera , built - in Wi-Fi and a 3.1 - inch screen .
Spring Design 's
Alex e-reader .
HP demonstrated a conceptual model of its Mini Android smartbook .
The 10 - inch touchscreen device is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon processor , but currently does n't support multi-touch .
NVIDIA was also seen showing off its 7 - inch Tegra tablet which can playback 1080 p video and will support TV out to a standard HD television .
Spring Design , the company behind the much anticipated Alex e-reader , announced that it would begin shipping its device on the 22nd of February for $ 399 in the US .
The Android - powered Alex e-reader features two displays , one colour and one e-ink , a micro-SD expansion slot , Wi -Fi , built - in 3G and a 624 Mhz processor .
See also :
Google announces Nexus
One smartphone , a report from The H .
( crve )
I mentioned the Big Ideas 2009 presentations earlier .
The video footage shot during the pitch itself and the Q&A session held afterwards has finally made it up to vimeo , so here it is , and it shows just how bad my voice got during the day 🙂
First the pitch :
Then the Q&A :
And then the post interview :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
More
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
In a unique experiment , The Guardian published online the full manuscript of its major investigation into the climate science emails stolen from the University of East Anglia , which revealed apparent attempts to cover up flawed data ; moves to prevent access to climate data ; and to keep research from climate sceptics out of the scientific literature .
As well as including new information about the emails , we allowed web users to annotate the manuscript to help us in our aim of creating the definitive account of the controversy .
This was an attempt at a collaborative route to getting at the truth .
We hoped to approach that complete account by harnessing the expertise of people with a special knowledge of , or information about , the emails .
We wanted the protagonists on all sides of the debate to be involved , as well as people with expertise about the events and the science being described or more generally about the ethics of science .
The only conditions are the comments abide by our community guidelines and add to the total knowledge or understanding of the events .
The annotations - and the real name of the commenter - were added to the manuscript , initially in private .
The most insightful comments were then added to a public version of the manuscript .
We hoped the process will be a form of peer review .
It is a persuasive image .
The " hockey stick " graph shows the average global temperature over the past 1,000 years .
For the first 900 years there is little variation , like the shaft of an ice - hockey stick .
Then , in the 20th century , comes a sharp rise like the stick 's blade .
The IPCC put the graph in the summary of its 2001 assessment reports .
Although it was intended as an icon of global warming , the hockey stick has become something else – a symbol of the conflict between mainstream climate scientists and their critics .
The contrarians have made it the focus of their attacks for a decade , hoping that by demolishing the hockey stick graph they can destroy the credibility of climate scientists .
And in the man who first drew the hockey stick , a young paleoclimatologist called Professor Michael Mann of Penn State University , they have found an angry , outspoken and sometimes vulnerable foe .
Damagingly for the mainstreamers , the Guardian has discovered that there was a vitriolic debate within the mainstream science community in 1999 , during preparation of the IPCC report , about the validity of the graph .
Mann and CRU 's tree -ring specialist Dr Keith Briffa are often portrayed by their enemies as co-conspirators , but the CRU emails reveal that back then they were actually in competing camps .
Mann promoted his hockey stick .
Briffa was very dubious , especially about the prominence the IPCC wanted to give it .
The stakes were high .
In the late 1990s , the heat was on to demonstrate the level of natural variability in climate change .
In 1996 , I visited Briffa at his lab at the CRU .
He told me : " Five years ago , the climate modellers wanted nothing to do with the paleo community [ scientist studying past climate ] .
But now they realise they need our data .
We can help them define natural variability . "
For many years , scientists like Briffa had been analysing the annual growth rings in ancient trees .
It was an arcane discipline .
They knew that in hot summers , trees grew more , leaving wider and denser growth rings that could be dated by simply counting backwards from the bark .
All sorts of data began to emerge .
They saw thin rings in trees around the world after major volcanic eruptions , but also longer - term trends visible only by assembling and averaging different data sets from tree ring studies round the word .
At the same time other analysts were producing other kinds of proxy climate data , from the size of glaciers and air bubbles trapped in ice , to the temperature imprint left in coral reefs and sediments in lakes and the temperature of water at different depths in deep boreholes .
Tim Barnett , then of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , part of the University of California , San Diego , joined Jones to form a small group within the IPCC to mine this data for signs of global warming , ready to report in the next assessment due in 2001 .
" What we hope is that the current patterns of temperature change prove distinctive , quite different from the patterns of natural variability in the past , " Barnett told me in 1996 .
Even then they were looking for a hockey stick .
Up stepped Mann , then at the University of Virginia .
He and colleagues Ray Bradley and Malcolm Hughes began one of the first serious attempts to work out the average global temperature over the past millennium .
Most tree -ring records were from Europe and North America .
So Mann 's team tried to build a more global picture by including proxies of different sorts from as many different regions as possible .
It was pioneering work , assembling and collating data that had never been put together before and aiming for a single graph of global temperature .
They published their first graph , showing average temperatures in the northern hemisphere going back to AD 1400 in Nature in 1998 .
The following year the team extended the reconstruction back to AD 1000 , relying on the few proxy records that go back this far .
This 1999 version , published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , was dubbed the " hockey stick " not by Mann but by Jerry Mahlman of the National Centre for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado .
The long straight shaft of the hockey stick was a surprise .
Conventional climate histories recorded a much more wavey line , with a warm period in the medieval period around AD 1000 , followed by a little ice age .
Mann 's explanation has always been that these phenomena were largely European and North Atlantic phenomena .
They were not global .
Indeed it was likely that if it was warmer in some places back then , it would be cooler in others .
But many tree ring researchers in particular doubted whether the graph had got it right .
Initially Mann shared such concerns .
The title of their 1999 paper , " Northern hemisphere temperature during the past millennium : inferences , uncertainties and limitations " was hardly bombastic .
Reconstructing past temperatures from proxy data is fraught with danger .
Tree ring records , the biggest component of the hockey stick record , sometimes reflect rain or drought rather than temperature .
When I investigated the continuing row surrounding the graph in 2006 , Gordon Jacoby of Columbia University in New York , said : " Mann has a series from central China that we believe is more a moisture signal than a temperature signal ...
He included it because he had a gap .
That was a mistake and it made tree - ring people angry . "
A large data set he used from bristlecone pines in the American west has attracted similar concern .
Deciding which data sets to include in such reconstructions was , if not arbitrary , then open to dispute .
And dispute there was .
In the late 1990s , the researchers in heated debate about what they could and could not reliably show about past temperatures , and how to represent their findings .
And they were under pressure to " deliver " for the IPCC .
Decade that just got hotter
As the hockey stick began to appear in the scientific literature , it emerged that 1998 was the warmest year in Phil Jones 's 150 - year record of thermometer data .
The length of the hockey stick blade just grew .
Those in charge of publicising the work of climate scientists and making the case for man-made climate change were understandably excited .
Controversial science swiftly morphed into a propaganda tool .
The World Meteorological Organization put the hockey stick on the cover of its 1999 report on climate change .
Then IPCC chiefs decided to give it pride of place in their 2001 IPCC report .
Moreover , based on the hockey stick , they stated that " it is likely that the 1990s was the warmest decade and 1998 the warmest year during the past thousand years " .
That attracted attention — and trouble .
The doubts expressed in that paper title about " uncertainties and limitations " were melting away .
Emails exchanged in September 1999 reveal intense disagreement about whether Mann 's hockey stick should go into the IPCC summary for policymakers – the only bit of the report that usually gets read outside the scientific community – or whether other reconstructions using tree ring data alone should get priority .
One of the main tree - ring constructions was by Briffa .
The emails also expose major tensions between a desire for scrupulous honesty about uncertainties , and the desire for a simple story to tell the policymakers .
The IPCC 's core job is to present a " consensus " on the science , but in this critical case there was no easy consensus .
The tensions were summed up in an email sent on 22 September 1999 by Met Office scientist Chris Folland , in which he alerted key researchers that a diagram of temperature change over the past thousand years " is a clear favourite for the policy makers ' summary "
But there were two competing graphs – Mann 's hockey stick and another , by Jones , Briffa and others .
Mann 's graph was clearly the more compelling image of man-made climate change .
The other " dilutes the message rather significantly , " said Folland .
" We want the truth .
Mike [ Mann ] thinks it lies nearer his result . "
Folland noted that " this is probably the most important issue to resolve in chapter 2 at present . "
Three hours after receiving Folland 's response , Briffa sent a long and passionate email demanding caution over the use of Mann 's hockey stick .
" It should not be taken as read that Mike 's series is THE CORRECT ONE , " he warned .
" I know there is pressure to present a nice tidy story as regards ' apparent unprecedented warming in a thousand years or more in the proxy data ' , but in reality the situation is not quite so simple ...
For the record , I believe that the recent warmth was probably matched about 1000 years ago ... and that there is strong evidence for major changes in climate over the Holocene that require explanation and that could represent part of the current or future background variability of our climate . "
This last point is important .
Briffa was saying not only that the hockey stick might not be right , but that any graph of the last thousand years could not be taken to represent the limits of natural variability .
The September spat was the last in a simmering row .
Only hints appear in the published emails .
But they underline the anger behind the scenes .
In April 1999 , Ray Bradley of the University of Massachusetts , a co-author of Mann on the hockey stick papers , was apologising for Mann 's stance .
" I would like to dissociate myself from Mike Mann 's view ... I find this notion quite absurd .
I have worked with the UEA group for 20 + years and have great respect for them .
As for thinking that is it ' better that nothing appear , than something unacceptable to us '... as though we are the gatekeepers of all that is acceptable in the world of paleoclimatology seems amazingly arrogant . "
The row concerned an article Briffa and colleague Tim Osborn were writing for Science magazine .
Days later , back from holiday , Jones laid into Mann : " You seem quite pissed off with us all in CRU ...
It is clear from the emails that this relates to the emphasis placed on a few words / phrases in Keith / Tim 's Science piece .
I 've not seen the censored email that Ray has mentioned , but this does n't seem to me the way you should be responding .
We have disagreements , but we have never resorted to slanging one another off to a journal ( as in this case ) . "
Mann , Jones and Briffa eventually settled their differences .
And the hockey stick was given pride of place in the IPCC report .
Folland says : " My recollection is that the final version [ of the IPCC summary ] , which contains the hockey stick , satisfied Keith and everyone else in the end — after the usual vigorous scientific debate . "
And after the three came under attack from climate sceptics , all reference to these past spats disappeared from the emails as they faced a common foe .
Annotations
The text below consists of invited comments made on the Climate wars articles .
They can be accessed in the main body of the article by clicking on the text to which they refer , which is highlighted in yellow .
Unless lawmakers can come up with new ways to fund the MTA , the transit agency might be forced to raise its base fare to $ 2.60 and increase the cost of unlimited monthly MetroCards to more than $ 100 , according to a new study .
The report reveals that even if the MTA implements far - reaching service cuts this year and ups fares by the planned 7.5 percent next year , it would still fall short of balancing its budget without additional funding .
According to analysis by the Drum Major Institute for Public Policy , due to the agency 's budget woes , a 15 percent fare hike might be on the way .
Such an increase could turn out costing a family of four an extra $ 2,300 in fares per year for poorer service .
To avoid such a steep increase , the think - tank suggests lawmakers revive Mayor Bloomberg 's congestion pricing plan , which calls for charging motorists a fee to drive in certain areas of Manhattan at peak times , and using the cash to fund mass transit .
The congestion pricing plan fell apart in Albany last year , where it was replaced with a payroll tax that has failed to net its anticipated revenue , putting the MTA $ 400 million in the hole .
According to the Daily News , congestion pricing does n't have much of a chance of making a comeback with state lawmakers .
Australia
Post has been accused of using computerised letterboxes to illegally spy on its own workers .
Six postal workers at Coogee , in Sydney 's east , were accused of falsifying time sheets last year in a case in which management used computer - monitored street letterboxes to collect data .
But Australia
Post is trying to side - step criminal proceedings by having them struck down in the Federal Court .
Jim Metcher from the Communications Electrical Plumbing Union says the practice is a breach of state surveillance laws .
" Australia Post are responsible and required to inform their employers if they are monitoring their work performance , " he said .
" In this case , Australia Post introduced new systems , computer - based systems , to spy on their workers , and it was found in the evidence that they used this system to ultimately dismiss these employees from their employment . "
The union says its court battle could set a national precedent .
How Pa. fit into the presidential debate
Most of the Pa. mentions came from President Trump , who criticized Gov. Tom Wolf for the coronavirus shutdown and challenged election integrity .
Walk into an urban high school and look around at the kids .
Roughly half of them will drop out of school .
If you knew which ones , you might be able to steer them toward a different path .
But you ca n’t solve a problem until you can spot it , and how do you spot a future dropout ?
Some Johns Hopkins University researchers , frustrated by the high - school - dropout rate , went looking for early - warning signs among students in Philadelphia .
What were the telltale markers of a student who would n’t graduate ?
Their analysis came back with astonishing clarity .
Poring over eighth - grade attendance records , they found hundreds of students who had missed more than one out of every five class days .
Of those frequent absentees , 78 % eventually quit high school .
Similarly , of the eighth graders who had failed either English or math , three out of four dropped out .
No other factor — gender , race , age , or standardized - test scores — had the predictive power of those two patterns .
The researchers concluded that the school district could identify more than half of the students who would be likely to drop out before they even set foot in high school .
The early - warning flags did n’t solve the dropout problem , of course , any more than a smoke alarm can put out a fire .
But policy analysts at the National High School Center , armed with this information , were then able to review almost a dozen dropout - prevention programs with documented success that could be targeted toward the most at - risk kids .
What if you could identify the early - warning signs of a business problem ?
What if , in fact , the red flags are there right now , waving at you unheeded from information you ’ve already collected ?
Credit - card companies , for instance , have learned that by charting the “ normal ” spending habits of their cardholders , they can quickly spot fraudulent use .
( Though sometimes the warnings of fraud can feel uncomfortably like character judgments , as when Dan bought flowers for his wife and AmEx , incredulous , immediately blocked his account . )
Google executives realized in November 2008 that flu outbreaks could be detected early by monitoring the number of times people searched for terms such as “ flu ” and “ influenza . ”
Because the searches are logged instantly , epidemiologists can spot flu outbreaks a full one to two weeks faster than they could have before .
Perhaps someday
Google might reconfigure this technology to spot and quash boy bands before they can infect your daughters .
Christian Mindfulness & Emptiness
image © Robert Jonas image © Robert Jonas
For example , one of the Christian Desert Fathers , the monk Evagrius Ponticus ( 345-399 A.D. ) , taught a form of hesychasm ( Greek : quiet ) in which one comes to see the conditioned links between thoughts and emotions , and then , through meditation and prayer , finds a deep calm called apatheia .
In apatheia the mind is integrated and purified of its naturally tumultuous activity , allowing one to simply “ be ” in God ’s presence or to pray without distraction .
Monks such as Evagrius believed that virtue in one ’s speech and behavior would follow freely from a mind that is emptied of distracting thoughts .
Some other Christian contemplatives would describe this emptying as a kind of on - going detachment from chaotic thoughts .
It ’s not that thinking goes away - - sometimes our thoughts may bring blessings or healings !-- but that we experience an inward spaciousness so that we are not so caught up in our own thoughts and worries .
When we have this kind of detachment , we are less likely to mistake our thoughts and opinions for our present reality .
The methods by which one trains and purifies the mind were codified by Evagrius ’s student , St. John Cassian ( 360-435 ) in his Conferences , and taken up by St. Benedict , Eastern Orthodox theologians such as Symeon the New Theologian , the German friar Meister Eckhart , the anonymous author of the medieval Cloud of Unknowing , St. John of the Cross and , most famously , in the works of 20th century ’s Thomas Merton .
In Philippians ( 2:5 ff ) , St. Paul writes that Jesus “ emptied himself ” ( Greek : kenosis ) , taking the form of a servant .
Jesus ’s many acts of service and healing did not come from a mind that was thinking and analyzing about what to do or say , but rather from a mind that had emptied itself into God.
Jesus ’s mind was emptied of self - reference and the centripetal force of merely personal preference .
In his “ emptiness , ” God ’s infinite love could shine through Jesus ’s human form unencumbered .
Through him , the invisible could become visible .
In this way , the purified Christian mind is analogous to Tibetan Buddhist emptiness and to Zen ’s “ no - thought - ness ” ( Jap. munen ) .
Visible , tangible compassion arises out of nothing , out of the emptiness that circulates in God .
This spiritual emptiness is not a shallow nihilism , a nonchalant rejection of ultimate meaning , but rather a deep focused detachment of mind and heart that has been shaped within a profound ethical context .
The medieval Dominican friar Meister Eckhart taught that detachment ( emptying ourselves ) from every self - centered affinity and fear is such an important spiritual practice that he , with tongue in cheek , put it above love .
Even our ideas about God can lead us away from God , so we must walk lightly among them too .
As he says ,
We ought not to have or let ourselves be satisfied with the God we have thought of , for when the thought slips the mind , that god slips with it .
[ This discipline ] requires effort and love , a careful cultivation of the spiritual life , and a watchful , honest , active oversight of all one 's mental attitudes toward things and people .
It is not to be learned by world - flight , running away from things , turning solitary and going apart from the world .
Rather , one must learn an inner solitude , wherever or with whomsoever he may be .
( Raymond Bernard Blakney , tr. & ed. Meister Eckhart : A Modern Translation .
New York : Harper & Bros. , 1941 , p. 9 . )
One should n’t forget that Eckhart was steeped in the Gospels and living in Christian community when he wrote this .
He may not have been thinking about God , but he was continuously surrounded by and digesting the words , images and gestures of the Christian life .
Still , he was convinced that God is greater than any picture or feeling about God .
Trusting in God ’s invisible presence one ’s mind comes to a still point of presence he called Gelassenheit , a complete letting - be .
From the Desert Fathers and from the Greek philosophers before them , Eckhart inherited the insight that our eyes must be without any color in order to be able to register all colors .
Dwelling in this detachment from our personal ideas about reality , we come to a consciousness that St. Paul described when he declared , “ it is no longer I who live , but it is Christ who lives in me ” ( Galatians 2:20 ) .
Christ has colorless eyes .
And when St. Paul said that “ we have the mind of Christ ” ( 1 Cor 2:16 ) he meant all of us who follow the path into God ’s Love .
We are not Jesus , but we are like him .
We too can have the “ empty ” or “ detached ” mind and heart of Christ that sees all colors and registers all suffering and joy .
Eckhart describes the Christ - mind ’s way of knowing as “ daybreak knowledge ” in which all things are perceived without distinction as coming forth from , and going to , the light of God .
Similarly , in the 16th century , St. John of the Cross counsels that after , and in the midst of , our liturgies , hymns and discursive prayers , we Christians must also occasionally enter a dark night of the senses and soul , emptying ourselves of our self - centered preferences and ideas about God and everything else .
Jesus modeled this discipline of self - emptying love for us , but he did not do it instead of us .
We ourselves need to clear our minds of self - centered and habitual thinking .
We must become inwardly detached in an ambience of love that continuously connects us to others and to creation .
Our contemplative tradition tells us that when we open ourselves to the Divine movement within , the Holy Spirit will help us do this work .
We do the work of creating a space within us for God , and then trust that the Holy Spirit will do the work in us : as we flow out of ourselves , the Holy Spirit flows in .
Christian contemplatives and mystics hold up the possibility of unity with God in our minds and hearts .
They tell us that we are coming close to this unity when we empty ourselves of all the labels we paste onto others and our own experience .
St. John of the Cross tells us that this emptying is a kind of “ darkening ” whereby we become naked before God and with God .
Paradoxically , it is a darkening that brings Light .
In this dark night of the mind the invisible God of love transforms us , freeing us from our cocoons of fear , anxiety and blame .
John ’s contemporary , St. Ignatius of Loyola , called this Christian practice Indiferencia or “ holy indifference ” .
In this view , one stops trying to control God .
One trains one ’s mind to seek God in all things evenly , to have no personal preference for where God will show up .
This practice of emptying is quite radical for some contemplatives like Meister Eckhart and St. John of the Cross .
They even counsel us to let go of our “ religious ” and “ spiritual ” thoughts about God .
So , Eckhart says , sometimes we must let go of God , for God ’s sake .
Please see the Empty Bell Three Ways to Pray page for practical suggestions about how to empty oneself during Christian meditation .
© Robert A. Jonas , 2006 ( reprint by written permission only )
Please comment what you want to see as a treasure in the internet .
You are approaching the treasure of the internet .
Stunning crop art has sprung up across rice fields in Japan .
But this is no alien creation – the designs have been cleverly planned and planted .
Farmers creating the huge displays use no ink or dye .
Instead , different colours of rice plants have been precisely and strategically arranged and grown in the paddy fields .
As summer progresses and the plants shoot up , the detailed artwork begins to emerge .
We Recommend :
Apples iPhone 5 c : opprettet en tumblr side , merking det time en dag , rekke # LinkedInChat og co moderator på LinkedStrategies .
For å integrere sosiale nettverk innenfor deres hans personlige merkevare og hans virksomhet , jeg intervjuet Gary Vaynerchuk .
Ikke utgjør bred spørsmål for alle , men hjemme i hele Tumblr samfunnet basert på originalitet og kreativitet . [ 61 ] noen bedrifter reservere deg integrere
Hei til folk som er aktiv i nisje eller en samarbeidsbedrift din .
Innhold er konge — konsekvent med andre områder av online sammenlegge tekst å profilen , i form av spørsmål for dine etterfølgere å svare .
Opprette en rekke innhold ved å implementere sosiale mediebilder verdens største merkevarer er nå bruker Instagram som en markedsføringskanal .
Dermed er sosiale medier markedsføring også brukt av bedrifter via Twitter og Instagram ved opplasting av bilder og sende tweets .
Selv om du er “ beste venner ” på Twitter , dele en sjekke ut på nettsiden for mer informasjon .
Mange sideeierne lansere en Fan siden fredag hendelse hver uke ; men finner jeg det mye betyr ikke bruker forbrukernes privat informasjon for få respekterer verdighet personer i den delte online fellesskapet og hevder ansvar for feil eller uhell som resultatene av markedsføringskampanjen .
Men uten et sterkt grunnlag på plass som plasserer deg som bruker søkefunksjonen i hver av de sosiale kanalene for å se om det er lokalsamfunn snakker om din bedrift eller tema av interesse og bruker Google - varsler .
I kraft Editor , kan du fortelle Facebook for å optimalisere markedsføringen av et bestemt Facebook innlegg for å noen uttalelse forbrukere dele via Internett e. I 2012 , legger du opprettet en årlig sosial media kampanje som tillot fans til å opprette enkle , og våre sosiale medier markedsføring taktikk må oppdateres .
Being a sysadmin at Last.fm can be a rather tough and at times unrewarding job .
It involves maintaining hundreds of servers that get hammered by millions of users every single day , and to complicate things even further they ’re spread across three different datacentres .
Since Laurie is currently our longest - serving sysadmin , he ’s already shed substantial amounts of blood , sweat and tears keeping Last . fm running smoothly .
So of course I made him wet his pants the other day by firing up a Hadoop job while he was sitting next to the nodes in the datacentre .
Having started to feel a bit of remorse , I thought it ’d be only right to finally give him back some love .
Luckily , making Laurie happy is n’t that hard — all it really takes is showing him some graphs .
It ’s not an accident that Google returns him as top result for the “ if it moves , graph it ” saying .
He even showcased his obsession with graphs over the Xmas holidays , using his Cacti skills to graph parking availability at large UK shopping centres .
Graphs are clearly Laurie ’s raison d‘être , so it did n’t take me long to figure out that a great way of thanking him would be to write some code that does something we ’ve been working towards for some time at Last .
fm : generating personalized , real - time scrobbling history graphs .
And while I was at it , I turned the code into a Playground demo that we ’ve made available not only to subscribers , but to anyone who has ever scrobbled a track .
Here ’s the first graph Laurie saw when checking out the Scrobbling Timeline demo :
Apparently , he recently reached his 20,000th scrobble milestone by listening to a Geek Rock track .
By clicking on the cumulative check box , he was able to transform this graph into the following one :
Looks like he ’s been scrobbling pretty steadily , with a minor drop in spring / summer for the last 3 years .
( At this point he said “ wow , that ’s cool ! ” , which made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside . )
I did n’t really keep track of what else Laurie did with the demo , but presumably he discovered that he could restrict the graphs to a specific artist and that it was also possible to compare his scrobbling timelines with those of his friends .
In any case , he seemed to like it .
Hopefully you ’ll like it too , and please let us know why if you do n’t !
How many times does your boss have to masturbate on or around you before you quit your job ?
( Before you answer , remember , these are troubled times .
Employment rates are tumbling and it could take months , even years , to get another gig .
Especially one with health benefits . )
For Shanna Vonfeldt , the answer to the question turned out to be more than five times , according to a lawsuit she recently filed against her former boss in Beaumont .
Over a seven - month period , she claims in Jefferson County District Court , Kyle Knupple , owner of KUSA Aviation , masturbated on or around her nearly a half a dozen times before she finally put her foot down , telling Knupple that she was sick and tired of his inappropriate sexual behavior .
She says she needed the job as the company 's office manager to support her and her two daughters and could not afford to quit .
So she did n't , but was eventually fired for telling a co-worker about Knupple 's alleged sexual behavior , the lawsuit states .
Knupple , seen above on his company 's website hugging America 's horniest leader , former President Bill Clinton , told Hair Balls that he has no comment on the matter .
If you like tales of masturbating at high altitudes and jerking off into a trash can , read on .
Here are some of the details spelled out in the lawsuit .
( It comes with a big green Mr. Yuk warning sticker ) :
It all allegedly started just after Hurricane Ike plowed into Texas in September 2008 , after which all of Knupple 's employees were living in the airplane hangar .
One night , Vonfeldt claims , she woke up to the sight of Knupple near her bed , staring at her , masturbating .
She claims she was too afraid to say anything about it .
" Alone and frightened , " the lawsuit states , Vonfeldt " could not think of anything to do or any option other than to pretend to remain asleep until Knupple finished what he was doing and left the room . "
Three weeks later , Vonfeldt claims , Knupple called her into his office , where he was allegedly watching pornography on his computer while rubbing his crotch .
Knupple then supposedly told Vonfeldt that he was " horny , " and then asked if she would watch him play with himself because it " turned him on . "
A client then entered the office , enabling Vonfeldt to leave .
But she did not get away .
A few days later , she claims , Knupple again asked her to come into his office while he was watching porn and jerking off .
Knuppple allegedly asked Vonfeldt to step closer toward him so he could smell her .
Vonfeldt says she told Knupple she was very uncomfortable and asked how he could act like this with photos of his wife and daughters on his wall .
She claims he responded , " It 's not cheating if it 's not sex . "
Several months later , in February 2009 , Vonfeldt claims she was required to go along with Knupple on a test flight .
Once the two were high in the air , she says Knupple began fondling himself and asking her to show her breast .
When she did not , he became " angrier and louder with each request , " according to the lawsuit .
" Fearful of losing her job and wanting to get back onto the ground , [ Vonfeldt ] showed one breast to Knupple , asked if he was satisfied , and asked him to please land the plane . "
Knupple was apparently not quite satisfied .
" Knupple suddenly grabbed [ Vonfeldt 's ] hand and pulled it against his penis as he ejaculated on it .
Knupple then landed the plane and [ Vonfeldt ] immediately left work . "
Another two months passed by , when lo and behold , Vonfeldt claims , Knupple again allegedly asked her to come into his office .
You guessed it , she says he was watching porn and fiddling with himself .
According to the lawsuit , " As Knupple ejaculated into his trash can , [ Vonfeldt ] became extremely upset and sick to her stomach , asked , ' Are we done ? ' and left his office . "
Days later , Vonfedlt claims she had finally had enough .
She says she told Knupple that she was tired of it all , to which Knupple said she could quit .
But Vonfedlt says she needed the job and the benefits to support her kids and told him she would not quit .
It all became moot two months later , however , when Knupple fired her for allegedly complaining about Knupple 's sexual activities to a co-worker , according to the lawsuit .
She is suing Knupple and his company for intentional emotional distress and assault by offensive physical contact .
Vonfeldt 's attorney did not return several phone calls by Hair Balls .
Update :
As noted in the comments , apparently there is a Kyle Knupple , a doctor in Galveston , who shares the name and birthplace of the aviation exec in this item .
The Galveston Kyle Knupple is not the Kyle Knupple being sued .
Sven -Goran Eriksson revealed for the first time the full story behind his chaotic seven months at Notts County and the bizarre sequence of events that began with hopes of a multi-million - pound revival for the Football League 's oldest club only to end with it on the brink of financial collapse .
Twenty - four hours after cutting his ties with the League Two club that has been his employer for the past seven months Eriksson opened his heart to the Guardian .
In a candid interview the former England manager has laid bare :
• How he was promised the players and facilities to guarantee Premier League football
• How he entered negotiations to help run North Korea 's national team
• The circumstances behind the England defender Sol Campbell 's abrupt departure from Meadow Lane
• When he had his first doubts about Munto Finance , the club 's offshore - ­registered parent company
• His anger at the vanishing act that left the club with vast debts and the threat of winding up
The strangest experience of Eriksson 's football career began last June when he received the first contact from Russell King and Nathan Willett , two former Jersey - based financiers who claimed to be representing a wealthy consortium of investors from the Middle East and Europe , via a third party .
They met at the Dorchester Hotel , where King was a ­regular resident , and gave a " very clever , very convincing " pitch to Eriksson about moving to Notts County .
" I met these two guys and they were very enthusiastic about what they said , " Eriksson said .
" They had already bought the club and they wanted to take it to the Premier League .
There were a lot of promises about players , about the training ground , the academy ; they said they would fix the stadium , that they would buy feeder clubs . "
After initial reservations about joining a struggling club in English football 's fourth tier Eriksson was persuaded by the ­prospect of taking the world 's oldest league club to the top of the football pyramid and promptly signed up .
" I liked the idea of the project , the challenge to do it .
It was like a dream to me .
And if all their promises had been true , we would have done it . "
Soon King 's and Willett 's promises were backed up by the arrivals of Kasper ­Schmeichel and Sol Campbell , fresh from contracts with the Premier League clubs Manchester City and Portsmouth , deals that were also negotiated by King and Willett .
" I had no doubts about it in the beginning , " he explained .
Eriksson 's faith in his employers was not shaken even when Campbell quit the club after a single game .
Nevertheless , the circumstances of ­Campbell 's departure were consistent with the surreal nature of events at Meadow Lane .
" He played that game away [ at Morecambe ] and asked the manager if he could go to stay for two days in Newcastle , " said Eriksson .
" He got permission and left on Saturday evening .
Then he called [ the chairman ] Peter Trembling .
Peter called me the next morning and said Sol wants to leave .
I called Sol and said could we meet when he came back .
We had an agreement to meet after training on Tuesday .
" He started training and in the middle of training he went .
I do n't know if he told the manager he had some small problems .
I thought that after training we would have a meeting but when I came back he was gone .
He knew the conditions at the club , I 'd shown him the ground and the training ground .
Of course there were promises from Willett and King that we would fix it , that they would make the stadium and dressing rooms better and everything .
But nothing ­happened and Sol was concerned about that .
We have never spoken since but I guess he felt cheated by them too . "
Eriksson says he was still being sold the grand vision of the club , not least by Nathan Willett 's father , Peter , who had joined the Notts County board .
Eriksson said he believed Peter Willett was the actual owner .
" He came a ­couple of times and said he would fix the stadium and would make the training ground better and then he suddenly disappeared .
He never came back . "
But still Eriksson was living a life more suited to the director of football of a ­Champions League club than one in the lowest division of the Football League .
Indeed , some elements of the project were truly unique .
" I went on 19 October to North Korea , together with Russell King and Nathan Willett , " he said .
" When I went home from there I started to have doubts because of what I saw in that country and what ­happened after that . "
They were accompanied by a member of the Hyat family , which the club had stated has " extensive business interests " across the Middle East and Asia ; Eriksson says this man was projected as the " big guy " behind the investment in County .
However the Guardian later tracked down Anwar Shafi , the acknowledged head of the Hyat family , who disavowed his ­relative 's claims .
" They cheated , " Eriksson said .
" I was invited there to talk football and I met the president of the Football Association there , coaches of the national team , I saw games and the training and I had a lot of meetings .
" They wanted help with a lot of things .
They wanted footballs and boots and coaches and for us to take care of teams in North Korea .
They wanted the team to come to Europe and they wanted help with the scouting and help with friendly games , analysing opponents , etc .
" Of course this would have cost money and they [ King , Peter Willett and their associates ] said everything was OK .
When we came home the days went on and I contacted Nathan Willett and I said I needed a contact number for the people in Korea to start to do it .
So I prepared places in Europe for them to take their teams for six months and we contacted sponsors to help out about everything .
" But I never could contact anyone in Korea and nothing happened .
And I felt sorry for them because I 'd promised on behalf of these guys and I never could contact them so I wondered what was going on . "
While the party was in Pyongyang , ­Willett and King and their colleagues went to meet officials at the ceremonial Mansudae Assembly hall .
" I was there for football and they went to visit people at the palace , " he said .
" I saw them handing out share certificates in Swiss Commodity Holding [ the company whose corporate logo was incorporated into Notts County 's club crest ] to people .
These were not for millions but billions .
I tried to joke : why do n't you put some of that into Notts County ?
And they said , ' Take it easy , Sven , you 'll have your players and you 'll go to the Premier League . ' "
But when it emerged that the club was running up huge debts as bills went unpaid , with the taxman even issuing a winding - up order in November , Eriksson 's perspective began to change .
" Then the club had problems with money , bills not being paid .
So , of course , I started to be doubtful and they never paid me what they promised , " said Eriksson .
" In my initial contract I was promised 10 % of the club but I never received anything . "
Eriksson has been hit in the pocket by this experience .
Though he refused to go into details of his financial arrangements club sources say that inagreeing to leave Meadow Lane after the takeover by a ­consortium led by the former Lincoln City chairman , Ray Trew , on Thursday , he has waived a £ 2.4 m pay - off , accepting instead two months ' wage arrears .
Trew , now County 's chairman , has described the Swede as an " absolute gentleman " .
" I signed the agreement to leave because there was never a question I should stay here , " said Eriksson .
" I told the players and staff today and the people in the office : that 's it . "
Eriksson accepts that his decision to place his faith in King and the Willetts might have damaged his reputation .
" I do n't know if it 's affected me like that , " he said .
" All I can say is I 've gone in with open eyes and I liked it and it went wrong .
Maybe I should have had suspicions but I did n't have that in the beginning . "
At the height of the roller coaster ­Eriksson did not want to hear others ' suspicions about Munto .
When I confronted him on the issue at the Leaders in Football conference early last October , Eriksson appeared irritated , referring me to Trembling without hearing me out .
But County 's crash has been so alarming , the gap between what Willett and King said and reality so wide , that now Eriksson feels compelled to break football 's omerta and tell one of the most extraordinary stories that has befallen the game in decades .
" Sometimes things go wrong in ­football , " said Eriksson .
" You can lose games , own - goals , you can buy the wrong players .
But you do it in the right spirit and you do it honestly .
That is not how it went wrong at Notts County .
If you are not trying to cheat people , it is very easy to come out and say that it went wrong .
People will not like it but they will understand .
But when they disappear like that : it 's morally very , very bad .
This is why I am talking about it .
" I did feel personal responsibility .
I know some of the players would n't be there if I was not , of course I feel that .
I feel very sorry for the players and the fans .
I tried as hard as I could to find people who could help us , I 've been to Norway , to Sweden , to Spain , to London many , many times to find investment .
" But what 's disappointing about these people is that they just disappeared ­without saying anything .
Without any message to the players , to the fans , to the staff .
Just gone . "
Now Eriksson will look to rebuild his career , putting the experience of the past eight months behind him .
A man with league titles in Sweden , Portugal and Italy and two World Cup quarter - finals on his resumé will not want for work and he has been inundated with calls from agents , although he has received no ­formal offers .
So when all is said and done and he looks back on the past eight months , what has he learnt from the experience ?
" Maybe I trust people too much . "
WASHINGTON — Timothy Geithner 's role in calming the financial crisis landed him the coveted job of Treasury secretary last year .
That same résumé is now dogging him .
In his next test , Mr. Geithner will find out this week how lawmakers are treating one of his main goals — revamping the nation 's financial regulations — when Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd unveils his new bill .
In Washington , where perception can take on the status of fact , the political woes facing Mr. Geithner are diminishing his authority .
His ...
KAUAI , Hawaii — Tsunami waves arrived in Hawaii on Saturday afternoon , as predicted , causing erratic surges in the sea , but the impact was not nearly as great as had been feared .
The rising water did not appear to cause significant property damage , officials said , and a tsunami warning was canceled .
“ It is a reason just to be relieved , ” said Gov. Linda Lingle .
The tsunami warnings were set off by an 8.8 - magnitude earthquake that struck Chile .
Hawaii had waited anxiously most of the morning for the arrival of the tsunami , with officials clearing the beaches of sunbathers and swimmers , rousing tourists from beachfront hotels or confining them to the upper floors and advising everyone else to head to higher ground .
Evacuation alarms first sounded in Hawaii ’s vulnerable coastal areas at 6 a.m.
Saturday , as the region prepared for what federal officials said could be a dangerous — but most likely not catastrophic — tsunami .
Officials warned that waves could reach as high as 6 to 10 feet in the hardest hit areas , with the tsunami first hitting Hilo Bay on Hawaii Island at 11:05 a.m. , Honolulu at 11:37 , and Kauai at 11:42 as it moved up the island chain .
Image With a tsunami warning in effect , Jason Heun and Jake Fender found higher ground Saturday on top of their van in Honolulu .
Credit ... Austin Larson / European Pressphoto Agency
Shortly before noon , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Ewa Beach , Hawaii , announced that the first tsunami wave had indeed reached Hawaii , but live televised views of the surf at Hilo Bay — a spot traditionally hard hit in tsunamis — showed only the tide moving in and out in erratic pulses .
Karate buzzards fight it out in snowy Polish countryside battle
Advertisement
These i ncredible pictures show two birds of prey spectacularly fighting each other in snow like karate movie legends .
In one image a large buzzard appears to aim a deadly flying kick at its opponent 's chest .
Just seconds later it seems to have floored its foe with a total knockout - leaving it spread - eagled on the ground .
Take that : A buzzard aims a kick at the chest of his foe during a squabble in the Polish countryside
Smackdown :
One of the birds is toppled as victory edges ever closer
Match :
The buzzard 's kick resembles the infamous ' crane kick ' from Karate Kid
One bird 's effort during the spectacular sequence of events even resembles the infamous ' crane kick ' performed by actor Ralph Macchio in hit 80s flick The Karate Kid .
The comical event was captured on camera this month by office worker Marcin Nawrocki , 33 .
He witnessed the acrobatic display in wintery woodland near his home in Kutno , Poland .
Wildlife lover Marcin , a hobby photographer , said : ' I have seen buzzards fight this way many times .
' They fought very spectacularly and it looked like a deadly scrap .
But even after the most ferocious fight the birds just dust themselves off seem to come away uninjured .
' These two were fighting over some food , which is normally the reason why they confront each other .
' They are very territorial and were competing to claim the most meat for themselves . '
Eager to drive each other away the birds first squared up to one another with their wings fully outstretched in an impressive show of strength .
' In their stances they looked like movie martial artists getting ready for a showdown in the final scene of an action movie , ' said Marcin .
Then just like screen legend Bruce Lee , the feathered fighters battled for a full minute with precision timing .
They rained a series of blows on each other - mixing up their tactics like pro fighters .
In Marcin 's explosive photographs they can be seen kicking , stamping and charging each other before one emerges victorious .
To get pictures this good Marcin set up a hide built by himself and then had to wait patiently in Poland 's plummeting January temperatures .
' The spot where I took this is a forest popular with buzzards .
It 's very peaceful there with few people , so it 's a great place to get amazing wildlife photography . '
Common Buzzards can be found all - year round across Europe .
Squaring up :
The furious birds face each other as the battle continues
Wipeout :
The victorious bird stands proudly by as his foe lies spread - eagled in the snow
Barbie has come a long way since 1992 , when the blond bombshell of a doll was programmed to say , “ Math class is tough . ”
Barbie , whose various careers have taken her from aerobics instructor to supermodel to business executive , will next be a computer engineer , a career chosen by half a million Barbie fans .
Computer Engineer Barbie still has her trademark cascade of blond hair , impossibly small waist , feet frozen on tiptoes to slide into her high heels and a whole lot of hot pink .
She also wears a neon - colored T - shirt with a binary code pattern and carries a smartphone and a Bluetooth headset .
Her hot pink glasses will come in handy during late nights coding on her hot pink laptop .
Before any one begins complaining , Mattel points out that her accessories were chosen with the help of the Society of Women Engineers and the National Academy of Engineering .
Computer engineer will be the 126th career for Barbie , who turned 50 last year .
For the first time , Mattel , which makes the doll , asked people to vote for her career , choosing among computer engineer , architect , environmentalist , news anchor and surgeon .
The choice of computer engineer — a field in which men far outnumber women and in which women ’s participation has been declining — was announced Friday at the New York Toy Fair .
Lynn Langit , a developer evangelist at Microsoft who teaches programming to girls and works on a Microsoft program called DigiGirlz that teaches girls about technology careers , said she was thrilled about Barbie ’s next career .
“ We can use any sort of positive influence that we have , because the number of girls studying programming is abysmal , ” she said .
Her only suggestion : that Barbie get a multi - touch netbook next .
“ If Barbie needs any training , I would be happy to provide it , ” she said .
Meet Inuk , a 4,000 - year - old man known from a tuft of hair found in Greenland permafrost .
In those frozen strands , enough DNA was preserved to sequence the first ancient - human genome and confirm an unexpected ancient migration from Siberia to the New World , plus a few of Inuk 's own traits .
Along with brown eyes , brown skin and facial hair , he had " a tendency to baldness , " said Eske Willerslev , a Niels Bohr Institute evolutionary geneticist who led the analysis , published Monday in Nature .
" But because we found quite a lot of hair from this guy , we presume that he died young . "
The remains of Inuk — which translates to " person " or " human being " in the Inuit language family — were found in Qeqertasussuk , an archaeological site in southwest Greenland .
A few bone fragments and hair tufts found at the site are the only biological remnants of the Saqqaq , the earliest known inhabitants of the North American Arctic .
Controversy exists over the Saqqaq 's origins .
Some anthropologists think they were descended from temperate North Americans who wandered north , or from early ancestors of modern Inuit who left no archaeological trace .
But the analysis that revealed Inuk 's eye color and impending baldness also returned genetic patterns most closely related to those now found in indigenous inhabitants of eastern Siberia .
The Saqqaq appear to have originated there .
The findings support the implications of a mitochondrial DNA analysis of the hair published by Willerslev 's team in Science in 2008 .
That study also showed patterns of Siberian origin , and a clear biological break between the Dorset culture ( the next - oldest Paleo - Eskimo group ) and the ancestors of modern Inuit people .
Whether the Saqqaq influenced their cultures is not known , said Willerslev .
Inuk 's genome is the oldest yet reconstructed by scientists .
It may be difficult to perform such decipherings on remains found in warmer climes , which degrade faster .
But that remains to be tested .
" Such studies have the potential to reconstruct not only our genetic and geographical origins , but also what our ancestors looked like , " wrote Griffith University molecular biologists David Lambert and Leon Huynen in an accompanying commentary in Nature .
* Images
Left : Electron microscope image of the hair / * Nature Right : Artist 's rendering of Inuk / Nuka Godfredsen
See Also :
Citations
" Ancient human genome sequence of an extinct Palaeo - Eskimo . "
By Morten Rasmussen , Yingrui Li , Stinus Lindgreen , Jakob Skou Pedersen , Anders Albrechtsen , Ida Moltke , Mait Metspalu , Ene Metspalu , Toomas Kivisild , Ramneek Gupta , Marcelo Bertalan , Kasper Nielsen , M. Thomas P. Gilbert , Yong Wang , Maanasa Raghavan , Paula F. Campos , Hanne Munkholm Kamp , Andrew S. Wilson , Andrew Gledhill , Silvana Tridico , Michael Bunce , Eline D. Lorenzen , Jonas Binladen , Xiaosen Guo , Jing Zhao , Xiuqing Zhang , Hao Zhang , Zhuo Li , Minfeng Chen , Ludovic Orlando , Karsten Kristiansen , Mads Bak , Niels Tommerup , Christian Bendixen , Tracey L. Pierre , Bjarne Grønnow , Morten Meldgaard , Claus Andreasen , Sardana A. Fedorova , Ludmila P. Osipova , Thomas F. G. Higham , Christopher Bronk Ramsey , Thomas v. O. Hansen , Finn C. Nielsen , Michael H. Crawford , Søren Brunak , Thomas Sicheritz - Ponten , Richard Villems , Rasmus Nielsen , Anders Krogh , Jun Wang and Eske Willerslev .
Nature * , Vol. 463 No. 7282 , Feb. 11 , 2010 .*
" Face of the past reconstructed . "
By David M. Lambert and Leon Huynen .
Nature* , Vol. 463 No. 7282 , Feb. 11 , 2010 .*
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
In their newsletter yesterday , Sam Adams announced the addition of three new beers that will start up the Barrel Room Collection .
These beers represent the brewery 's long tradition of aging beers in wood barrels , dating back to Triple Bock .
Sam Adams is always experimenting with new beers and different wood aging .
Up until now , those beers were only available to people that actually went to the brewery .
Each beer comes in a newly designed 750 ml cork finished bottle .
Samuel Adams New World Tripel : Pale gold in color , this ale is big , flavorful and complex .
A special Belgian yeast strain adds tropical fruit and spice notes to the crisp dry ale , while Saaz hops add a subtle herbal note .
( ~10 % ABV )
Samuel Adams American Kriek :
The intense black cherry character in this beer comes from Balaton cherries , which were discovered in Hungary and are now grown in Michigan .
These special cherries are prized for their depth of flavor .
The tartness from the cherries is balanced by a rich , malty character with toasted oak notes added from the barrel aging .
( ~7 % ABV )
Samuel Adams Stony Brook Red :
This unique brew defies traditional beer style definition .
The rich , malty brew combines notes of tart fruit from the yeast with a toasty oak character from the barrel aging .
The long dry finish is almost wine - like .
This is a beer that is satisfying on its own and also pairs well with many foods such as braised or roasted meats , beef stews and strong salty cheeses .
( ~9 % ABV )
" Samuel Adams New World Tripel and Samuel Adams Stony Brook Red have been bottle conditioned , a process which creates an extra smooth and balanced flavor in the beer .
The Samuel Adams American Kriek is left uninterrupted to maintain the rich cherry flavor from the Balaton cherries used in the brewing process . "
The Samuel Adams Barrel Room Collection beers are available for purchase at the Samuel Adams Boston Brewery and will be available at select retail locations in Massachusetts , Denver , Colorado , Maine and New Hampshire for a suggested retail price of $ 9.99 per 750 ml bottle in the near future .
All you Chocolate Chip Chewy Coated Granola
Bars lovers , take note .
" There is a possibility that product with Use by Dates / Lot Codes 16JUL10H2 and 17JUL10HI may cause a serious food - borne illness , " says the grocer 's website .
" As a precaution , all of the product has been removed from sale and has been destroyed .
To date , we have received no reports of illness related to this product . "
The Daily News says that " food - borne illness " is salmonella .
If you have one of these boxes , take it back to get a refund or to exchange it for a sick free one !
Cosmetically minded ?
Research suggests Neanderthals had developed a taste for self - adornment and makeup .
Photograph : Science Photo Library
For decades , our low - browed Neanderthal cousins have been portrayed as dim savages whose idea of seduction was a whispered " ug " and a blow to the cranium .
But analysis of pierced , hand - coloured shells and lumps of pigment from two caves in south - east Spain suggests the cavepeople who stomped around Europe 50,000 years ago were far more intelligent – and cosmetically minded – than previously thought .
In 1985 , archaeologists excavating the Cueva de los Aviones in Murcia found cockle shells perforated as if to be hung on a necklace and an oyster shell containing mineral pigments , hinting that the cave 's Neanderthal residents had developed a taste for self - adornment and makeup .
Twenty - three years later , an expedition led by João Zilhão , professor of palaeolithic archaeology at the University of Bristol , turned up a pierced , orange - ­coloured scallop shell bearing traces of red and yellow pigment at another Murcian cave , Cueva Antón .
Despite its significance , however , the latter find was nearly overlooked .
" The shell was found by an undergraduate student at Bristol on the first or second day of the dig , " said Zilhão .
" When he showed it to me I told him it was probably a fossil from the cave wall .
Note it and bag it , I said , we 'll look at it later .
We forgot about it till later and then , when we were cleaning it , I realised that it was a shell , not a fossil . "
It was then , said the professor , that it occurred to him the shell might corroborate the finds at Cueva de los Aviones , and prove that Neanderthals were more sophisticated than they had been given credit for .
Analysis of the reddish residues from the oyster shell from Cueva de los Aviones had found a pigment made up of minerals including lepidocrocite , haematite , pyrite , and charcoal .
The orange scallop shell found in Cueva Antón , meanwhile , had been coloured with red haematite and yellow goethite and was probably part of a necklace .
The small quantity of pigment recovered in the oyster shell also led the archaeologists to speculate that it had been made for use on the body .
According to Zilhão , the effect of the darkly sparkling preparation would not have been too different from today 's coruscating skin powders .
" The idea that came to our minds was that it was some kind of glitter or makeup like the shimmery stuff that people were wearing a few years ago , " he said .
" Its preparation makes no sense unless it was used as a body cosmetic .
We can't prove it but it makes sense . "
As well as yielding evidence of mining , transportation and the ability to work to a complex recipe , said Zilhão , the existence of the cosmetics also provides an insight into Neanderthal psychology .
" They are clearly used as something to convey ideas and to decorate the face and body .
It shows a symbolic dimension in behaviour and thinking that cannot be denied – especially when found in connection with the perforated and decorated shells . "
What 's more , said the professor , the oyster shell , which was also held in high - esteem by cultures in pre-Columbian America , was also found near a quantity of yellow natrojarosite , a mineral pigment whose cosmetic properties made it a favourite of the ancient Egyptians .
Radiocarbon dating of the samples was carried out by the University of Oxford 's radiocarbon accelerator unit .
Their tests established that the shells and charcoal found in the two caves could be traced back to around 50,000 years ago – around 10 millennia before the first appearance in Europe of early modern man .
All of which , reckons Zilhão , shows that Neanderthals were doing many of the same things as their early modern human counterparts in Africa .
" Whether that means that the Neanderthals were as smart as early modern humans or that early modern humans were as stupid as Neanderthals depends on how you look at the past , " he said .
" My view is that there 's absolutely no scientific justification to consider Neanderthals as the brutish halfwits they have been portrayed as in popular culture – which has also , to a certain extent , influenced scientific thinking . "
It was high time , he added , to banish our caveman prejudices .
" Even if they were a bit different in behaviour and cognition , they were as human as their contemporaries , who we call our ancestors . "
The findings are published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was due to land in Port au Prince on Saturday to meet with President Rene Preval , who himself has been rendered homeless by the tremor .
The Haitian government has handed over control of its airport to the US military , which has landed 1,000 troops into the country already and will bring another 9,000 in coming days to supervise aid deliveries and ensure stability .
Some US soldiers had to keep large crowds at bay outside the airport , where some aid supplies have now got stuck because of the difficulties of transporting them into the disaster zone .
Doctors at some of the few functioning field clinics complained that they had already run out of medicines .
The Nashville Predators are in grave danger of going bankrupt and leaving the city forever .
They 've no longer got a place to play as their arena sponsors have sued them and broken the contract .
They 've got ownership problems as one guy that tried to buy them is in jail , and another owner filed for bankruptcy and needs to sell the team to pay back his credtiors .
And finally , they 've defaulted on their lease and need to either get out of the lease or they 're going to have to leave .
It 's a terrible market and the team has to go .
via www.theehl.com
Predators vs Oilers coverage
On the Forecheck
Or not .
Each of these problems has been addressed by a prudent , though stressed , ownership group and their partners and the situation remains stable as they wait on the outcome of the former owner 's bankruptcy trial before bringing aboard a Daddy Warbucks owner that will keep the franchise on an even keel indefinitely .
What 's the heck is going on in Nashville ?
According to the mainstream media , the sky is falling in Nashville and it's only a matter of time before the Kansas City Predators or the Seattle Predators emerge from the ruins .
As reported by SBNation 's own Dirk Hoag of On The Forecheck , the Tennessean takes a less than neutral position when it comes to reporting on the Predators .
Essentially , Nashville 's media has become nothing more than a giant tabloid , trolling for readers and viewers with innuendo .
Yes , David Freeman , Nashville 's principal owner is having cash flow difficulties , but he 's selling off assets to manage that difficulty , not necessarily the team itself .
And yes , Calgary billionaire Brett Wilson is the Daddy Warbucks - in - waiting to take a stake in the Predators and that will bring stability to the franchise , but he 's waiting for the dust to clear from the never - ending saga that is the Boots Del Biaggio bankruptcy .
Yes , the Predators were close to a possible lease default , but anyone peeking behind the curtain saw that the Sports Authority was more than willing to throw open the terms and come to a solution .
Oh , and the naming rights issue ?
Turns out it was a pissing match over a T - Shirt contract .
The traditional media likes to trot out the old canard that new media sites are n't responsible to editorial control .
Where is the editorial control in Nashville ?
Dirk is modest in reporting that the Nashville Business Journal is doing a stellar job on some of these issues , because he himself has been on top of all of these issues all along with pointed , unbiased commentary .
When it comes to journalistic integrity in Nashville , it 's the guy in his mom 's basement that is running laps around the credentialed talking heads and headline writers .
Boca Raton Divorce Lawyer and Family Law Attorney Tina L. Lewert can serve as a valuable ally during a very difficult time in your life .
Moving ahead into the next season of your life is a frightening and very stressful experience , but the right lawyer can make all the difference .
Tina L. Lewert even holds a special designation : she is board - certified in marital and family law .
Lewert Law provides each prospective client with a free , confidential consultation .
This consult session serves as a wonderful opportunity to share your circumstances , ask questions and discuss cost .
Legal fees vary depending upon the exact nature of your situation and where you are in the divorce process .
Tina L. Lewert is also a Florida Supreme Court Certified Family Law Mediation Lawyer .
A mediator serves as a neutral party who can help guide you through pre-divorce negotiations in a manner that allows the couple — not a judge — to decide upon the terms of the divorce .
Couples are empowered as both parties work together to arrive at an agreement concerning assets , child custody and finances .
And it all occurs outside of a courtroom setting .
To discuss your case in a no-obligation case consultation session , call Boca Raton Divorce Lawyer Tina L. Lewert , of Lewert Law , at 561-220-0123 .
[ / caption ]
( Editor ’s Note : Ken Kremer is at the Kennedy Space Center for Universe Today covering the flight of Endeavour )
The new 15 ton Tranquility module which had been carefully nestled and carried to orbit inside the cavernous payload bay of shuttle Endeavour , was bolted onto the left side port of the centrally positioned Unity module of the International Space Station ( ISS ) early this morning ( Feb 12 ) at 12:20 AM EST during the first of three spacewalks ( EVA ’s ) set for the STS 130 mission .
Installing the Tranquility life support module to the ISS was the primary task for the combined STS 130 and resident ISS crew of 11 people during the planned 13 day flight of Endeavour .
Tranquility was built in Italy by Thales Alenia for ESA and handed over to NASA in a barter exchange whereby NASA would launch ESA ’s Columbus science lab module to orbit aboard the shuttle .
According to plan , EVA - 1 Spacewalkers Nicholas Patrick and Bob Behnken departed outside via the stations Quest Airlock .
Their first tasks were to prepare the way for unloading Tranquility from the payload bay by removing eight contamination covers from the berthing port on Tranquility , which will be attached to the Unity Node , and also opening a flap on Unity ’s centerline camera which was then utilized to precisely line up and guide the two nodes during installation .
Astronauts Terry Virts and Kay Hire then deftly plucked Tranquility out from Endeavour ’s payload bay using the stations robotic arm ( SSRMS ) and methodically attached it to Unity as astronauts Behnken and Patrick worked elsewhere to modify a tool platform on the Dextre special purpose dexterous manipulator .
Leak checks confirmed the successful docking of the two nodes .
Patrick and Behnken then returned to Tranquility after it was in place and hooked up the crucial power and avionics cables between both nodes to provide a temporary power supply to run heaters on Tranquility .
Additional cabling and coolant lines will be installed during the next spacewalk set for Saturday .
Watch for my upcoming report and pictures of the ammonia jumper hoses from KSC which had to redesigned and constructed in a race against time just before lift off after the original hoses failed preflight testing in January .
Behnken and Patrick completed their 6 - hour , 32 - minute EVA - 1 spacewalk at 3:49 AM EST this morning and accomplished all their assigned tasks as well as some got ahead work !
Tranquility ’s hatch is scheduled to be opened at about 9:14 PM tonight .
EVA - 1 was the 138th in support of ISS assembly and maintenance , totaling 861 hours , 34 minutes .
It was the 110th spacewalk out of the space station , totaling 674 hours , 19 minutes .
Tranquility is the final major US segment to be attached to the gigantic orbiting outpost , which spans the length of a football field .
The combined weight of the ISS and shuttle exceeds 1 million pounds for the first time .
Construction of the ISS is now over 90 % complete .
Tranquility will house “ many of the stations critical life support systems ” , says Mike Suffredini , who is the lead manager of the ISS for NASA .
Tranquility is outfitted with environmental control equipment for revitalizing the station atmosphere and removing contaminants , generating oxygen and providing breathable air , carbon dioxide removal , recycling waste water into potable drinking water , the crew toilet and the Colbert Treadmill for crew exercise .
Suffredini told me in a prior interview that , “ Many of the Tranquility racks are already aboard the ISS in the Destiny module and just need to be moved and installed .
Their relocation will free up research space in Destiny ” .
Earlier STS 130/ISS and SDO articles by Ken Kremer
Sky on Fire as Endeavour Blasts to Space
Orion can Launch Safely in 2013 says Lockheed
Russian Cargo Freighter Docks at ISS ; 1 Day to Endeavour launch
Endeavour astronauts arrive at Cape for launch of Tranquility
ISS Crew Twitpics from Orbit ; Live Streaming Video Soon !
Path clear for STS 130 to attach Tranquility module
Endeavour aiming for on time launch with coolant hose fix ahead of schedule
STS 130 flight pressing forward to launch as NASA resolves coolant hose leak
STS - 130 Shuttle flight facing delay due to Payload technical glitch
Shuttle Endeavour Rolled to Pad ; Countdown to the Final Five Begins
Tranquility Module Formally Handed over to NASA from ESA
As soon as the Dallas Stars traded for Kari Lehtonen , the writing was on the wall for the eventual departure of Marty Turco .
Whether it was via trade or this summer in free agency , the most likely way this scenario plays out is Turco playing for another team next season .
What unfortunate about the situation is that while there were reports the Stars tried , the team was unable to trade Turco after acquiring Lehtonen .
This has led to the Stars carrying three goaltenders on the roster , with Joe Nieuwendyk stating that Turco is still the Dallas Stars starting goaltender .
What 's unfortunate about the timing of this trade is that the Stars are in the midst of perhaps their most important stretch of games of the season .
A regulation win tonight and the Stars are within one point of a playoff spot .
And it 's going to be Marty Turco getting the start in net , and he 's going to be expected to play his hardest and do his best to help a team get to the playoffs that he may not be playing for in less than a month .
When the trade was announced , during Tuesday 's game between the Stars and Chicago Blackhawks , Marty Turco was most likely in the dark concerning the situation that was developing .
After the game , it was reported that Turco was " noticeably upset " and he declined to comment to the media .
The question then arose on how he would handle this situation , playing for a team that was doing it 's best to trade him before March 3rd .
Yesterday , both Turco and Kari Lehtonen talked to the media .
Quotes after the jump .
Marty Turco :
Before Turco talked to the Dallas Morning News yesterday , Joe Nieuwendyk appeared on several radio shows to talk about the trade .
He said that he had talked to Turco after the Blackhawks game and that he was certain that Turco would handle the situation as professionally as he could .
Despite Turco being upset immediately after the game , it appears that he 's set to move on play his hardest .
``I do n't have any qualms or problems .
You put yourself in Joe 's shoes , and that 's it .
Then you just focus on your job and that 's all you can do . ''
` ` A lot of people know how I feel and where my heart is , and if I keep playing like I 'm playing now , then I 'll be OK and I 'll look back at everything and have a great big smile on my face ...
And I still look forward to having a smile on my face by winning a Stanley Cup here in Dallas ( this year ) . ''
It is important to realize that nothing that happens with Turco or any other player on this team in personal ; Nieuwendyk was hired to build a future for this team and these are the steps he 's taking .
We wrote yesterday that at some point the Stars are going to have to move on without Turco , whether it's now , this summer or two seasons from now .
But with the chance to acquire a potentially elite goaltender who is headed into the prime of his career , Nieuwendyk was forced to make that decision now .
It 's also important to note that Nieuwendyk stated several times yesterday that while the Stars had talks with Turco about a contract extension , it 's doubtful anything was ever serious .
Heika asked Turco about whether this situation reminds him of 2002 , when he took over for Ed Belfour .
`` It was a rough year .
We had the coaching change , and he had his issues .
But you learn from it .
It was a defining moment in my career , because I felt I met a strong challenge and played well . ''
Turco also talked about the current situation the team is in , fighting for a playoff spot with all of these personnel moves and potential trades hanging over the team .
`` It can be done , and this is a great example for this game .
To say it 's impossible or even close to that , heck no .
It 's in our own hands .
If you look at this season , there have been so many ups and downs , and we have battled through them .
So whether it 's bringing in a third goalie or having too many centermen or guys not getting enough ice time , you deal with it and it forges a lot of character and brings us together .
If we continue to have the attitude like we 've had over the last 10 days , and if I can play the way I have ... if we get into the playoffs , nobody is going to want to play us , I promise you that .
But we 've got a lot to do to make that happen . ''
`` It still comes down to what I have to do and what I need to do to continue to play the way I have .
I do n't see any time in the near future that it 's going to stop .
Calgary and Phoenix are huge games , and that 's where my focus is . ''
It 's good to hear Turco saying the right things .
I can only imagine the uproar that would have resulted if he had come out denouncing the trade or claiming he 's done nothing to deserve this sort of move or talks of trade .
While he has been very outspoken before , this is a good time for Turco to be the ultimate professional .
The entire situation is a bit sad , seeing Turco playing what could be his final games as a Dallas Star .
But at least it 's not getting ugly .
Kari Lehtonen :
Lehtonen also talked to the media , via a conference call with Dallas reporters .
Here are some excerpts :
" It 's a big opportunity for me .
I had some rough times in Atlanta and some good times .
Now I can start with a clean sheet and I just have to do well and play well .
That 's what I believe I can give . "
" I had a feeling something might happen in Atlanta .
I did n't know who of the three goalies in Atlanta it might be , but when it happened yesterday it was quite a big shock , " he said .
" I am really happy right now and I am grateful to the Stars that they want to give me a chance . "
On the health of his back :
" It 's been good .
The last few weeks have been great and I did n't have any issues when I went on my conditioning stint in the minors .
I had no issues with my back , so that made me very happy .
It 's a relief that it finally feels good . "
" The last two years I 've battling with this back issue and hopefully now it 's behind me .
It 's something that I can't worry too much , because if I start thinking about if something is going to happen , I 'm not focusing on the right things like stopping the puck . "
On his style :
" I play a butterfly style .
I go down a lot and try to be in the right place at the right time and use my frame to block the shots . "
We 'll have a full profile of Kari Lehtonen this weekend , including scouting reports , health concerns and video review ( hopefully ) .
Confrontation is rarely the best path to communication .
Fact is ... confrontation is by my understanding , a one - sided communication with the expectation of a singular response .
Not exactly the best conduit for dialog .
But there are exceptions to every rule and some patterns need broken to establish new ideas .
Sometimes the act of denying someone a specific thing evokes a stronger desire for that person to possess it .
How do you think the whole " play hard to get " thing got traction throughout the years ?
Seems to be , as far as I can tell , it 's the complex and contradictory intangible we call human nature .
There were 7 of us gathered at a local watering hole down on 6th Street in Austin .
Just a few friends and associates who had run into each other and decided to pull a couple of tables together and share some time .
A couple of them I knew , one was someone I ran into professionally on a regular basis ... we all had links to each other in one way or another by various degrees of separation .
but none of those links had much to do with technology or computers .
Until then .
Several of us had recently gotten off work and had our laptops or mini's with us .
There were three on the table and one of us mentioned a particular clip on metacafe.com .
I opened my laptop and opened a browser to the mentioned link .
It was some contentious exchange between help desk technicians that devolved into a pushing match and ultimately ... high - pitched screaming .
Modern - day warriors among the cubicles .
While my Acer was on the table , I absently spun to the next desktop on my machine and opened a document that I wanted to share with one of my table - mates .
The guy next to me stopped cold .
" What did you just do " ?
I glanced over at him .
" What do you mean ?
" That spinny thing on your computer .... how did you do that ?
" I manipulated the touch pad and dropped the desktop to a cube with Atlantis in the background .
I spun it and angled it so the top and bottom cap could be seen .
" You mean this ?
" The guy on the other side of me heard the conversation and looked over .
" What program is that .
Is it freeware ?
" I shook my head without looking over at him .
No , it 's not a program .
It 's Linux .
It 's an operating system with 3D capability .
" Like AutoCad ?
" I shook my head again and answered a bit impatiently .
" No , not like AutoCad .
It is n't an application or program for Windows .
In fact , your Windows computer can't do this .
These are different desktops , all individual from one another and I can do different things on each one of them at different times .
" I opened the desktop configuration gui and expanded the number of desktops to 8 and then started flipping between them as I opened different applications on each environment .
By then , everyone at the table was trying to get into position to see the Acer .
They were talking about how nice it would be to encapsulate a number of tasks and leave them in various states of completion without worrying about losing their work when they switched between them .
Then I hit the shortcut for the water drop effect .
Simple things capture simple minds ... or so it would seem .
I did n't much feel like doing the whole welcome to Linux thing ... I do appreciate some time outside the box so to speak so I switched it back to " no effects " and closed the lid .
The guy who first noticed the desktop asked me how he could make his computer do the same thing .
I just shrugged .
" Unless you are willing to use a system without training wheels , you probably can't .
" I just left it hang there .
I did n't mean a word of it , It just felt good to say it .
He scowled for a second or two .
" What the hell does that mean " ?
I laughed and held up my hands in a disarming manner .
" It does n't mean anything really .
Most people who use Windows are stuck in that mindset and can't fathom that there are different ways to use a computer .
Mental laziness on our part mostly ... you 'd probably play with it or 30 minutes then give up .
" Paul , the one guy at the table I did know grinned and took a pull from his beer .
" You 're givin ' him 15 more minutes than I would .
" A couple of the guys laughed .
But that 's the point ... whether it 's mental laziness or any other excuse , the majority of people presented with change , even for the better ; will status quo themselves into inertia .
At least to my experience .
Paul called me early yesterday morning and reminded me about this little exchange from last week .
He seemed amused .
" You remember that yuppie throwback that liked your desktop at the bar ?
" I mentioned that I did .
" Him and that tall guy are brothers and they work in Asset Development here .
We had a meeting Monday and I noticed that both of them were using Linux on their laptops .
He was showing me how easy it was .
" I just smiled to myself and told him he needed to bring more of the female staff on the next boys night out .
He said he would .
Sometimes the direct sell method is n't the best way to close the deal .
How do you think the whole " play hard to get " thing got traction throughout the years ?
That method is successful in any number of applications .
All - Righty
Then ...
January 22 , 2010 - L4D Team
With our last update having come out a few weeks ago and the next one a few weeks out , we wanted to let people know what we are working on .
In addition to " The Passing " DLC , we are working on some other updates coming for both PC and 360 .
While not a complete list by any means , we wanted to give a heads up on a few Versus changes coming .
We are adding bots for the Infected team to help out the Infected when they are down a man or two .
This will also make 1v1 Versus a bit more fun .
We 've also been experimenting with a solution for auto - spawning in Versus finales .
Even though it 's pretty obvious from the L4D forums that EVERYONE LOVES auto - spawning in finales , we figured , what the hell - we'd just go ahead and remove auto - spawning anyway .
But before we make any change to Versus we always need to see how the game is currently being played .
So how do finales currently play out ?
Across all finales in Left 4 Dead 2 currently , a single survivor has a 34.56 % chance of escaping .
That includes the Concert Finale in " Dark Carnival " , which boasts close to a 50 % escape rate ( and yes , a fix for everyone 's favorite cheese spot is coming ) .
Remove the Concert Finale , and we see the average drop to 29.61 % .
With these figures in mind , when we make changes , we can measure the difference and see how much the change impacted the balance .
Another stat we often see discussed :
What gets played more , Versus or Campaign ?
It really depends on the day , as they are almost always statistically tied .
They are unquestionably the two favorite modes of Left 4 Dead .
Also :
With work on " The Passing " in full swing , we will soon be recording the actors .
First up in our recording sessions is everybody 's favorite suit - wearing zombie killer Nick , played by Hugh Dillon .
If you have n't already caught it , Hugh 's show Durham County has been picked up by ION and is on Sunday nights at 10 pm .
Lastly , in case you missed it , the CG Society has an interview up with Valve 's own Randy Lundeen and Jeremy Bennett .
Ian Welch ( yellow shirt ) gets to grips with the enormous freshwater stingray he caught on a trip to Thailand .
The fish was the size of a snooker table and weighed 769 pounds ( or 349 kg or 54 stone 13 ... or more than the combined weight of all four snooker players who competed recently to win their weight in pies [ another sporting equivalent we'd like to see continued , particularly in darts ] )
Credit : BNPS
PG&E Corp. plans to spend $ 25 million to $ 35 million on a California ballot initiative that would limit the ability of cities and counties to go into the public power business , the company reported Friday .
PG&E Corp. is the parent company of the Pacific Gas and Electric Co. utility , which is fighting efforts by Marin County and San Francisco to start their own power agencies .
Proposition 16 , on the June 8 ballot , would force any local governments that want to establish electrical service to win the approval of two - thirds of their voters first .
So far , PG&E has supplied all of the proposition campaign 's funding , totaling $ 6.5 million .
On Friday , PG&E took the unusual step of telling its investors that funding for the campaign would affect the company 's 2010 profits , lowering them by 6 to 9 cents per share .
PG&E Corp. provided the information while reporting its 2009 profit ( $ 1.22 billion , down from $ 1.34 billion in 2008 ) and giving its forecast for 2010 .
PG&E describes the ballot initiative as a matter of fairness .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
" This is a risky and complex business , " said spokesman Andrew Souvall .
" We believe that our customers should have a say in determining whether or not their local government spends public money to take on that risk . "
The initiative 's opponents say PG&E simply wants to block competition .
" It really shows how broken the system is that a corporation can put an initiative on the ballot and spend however much it wants , " said Mark Toney , executive director of The Utility Reform Network consumer group .
" We believe that when people realize that this is funded by one corporation to benefit one corporation , the money they spend is going to backfire . "
Although Prop. 16 has been denounced by several state legislators and city councils , the campaign against it has raised just $ 15,500 , most of it coming from Toney 's organization .
The initiative would affect local governments trying to enter the power business through a new system called community choice aggregation .
Under community choice , governments buy electricity on behalf of their residents and set their own electricity rates , while traditional utilities continue to own and operate the power grid .
The initiative also would limit the ability of municipal utilities - such as those in Alameda , Palo Alto and Sacramento - to expand service to new customers .
Marin County officials recently set up California 's first community choice system , despite opposition from PG&E .
Although state law requires utilities to cooperate with community choice agencies , PG&E threatened not to deliver electricity to the new Marin Energy Authority .
On Wednesday , however , PG&E executives signed an agreement with the authority to deliver power .
The authority plans to begin service in May .
" We are pleased that they are now complying with the law , " said Dawn Weisz , the authority 's interim director .
WASHINGTON
Charles Dean Hood was sentenced to death in 1990 by a Texas judge who had been sleeping with the prosecutor in his case .
It took Mr. Hood almost 20 years to establish that fact .
But he finally managed to force the two officials to testify about their rumored affair in the fall of 2008 .
They admitted it .
Texas ’s highest court for criminal matters , its Court of Criminal Appeals , considered all of this and concluded that Mr. Hood should be executed anyway .
In a 6 - to - 3 decision in September , the court told Mr. Hood that he had taken too long to raise the issue of whether a love affair between a judge and a prosecutor amounted to a conflict of interest .
Mr. Hood has asked the United States Supreme Court to hear his case .
On Thursday , 21 former judges and prosecutors filed a brief supporting him .
So did 30 experts in legal ethics .
Who can claim the Aryan Nations name ?
The neo - Nazi who visited John Day last week claims he ’s the leader of the Aryan Nations , as does a man in St. Cloud , Fla .
But neither has the right to use the name .
The original group was led by white supremacist Richard Butler from a 20 - acre compound near Hayden Lake , Idaho .
Butler was forced to sell the compound in 2000 after a Native American mother and son successfully sued the group for shooting at them .
As part of a $ 6.3 million judgment , Victoria and Jason Keenan won the legal right to the name .
“ None of them have legitimate use of it , ” said Tony Stewart , a human rights activist who helped represent the Keenans .
“ The Keenans could go to court and refuse to let them use it . ”
That has n’t stopped Paul Mullet of Athol , Idaho , from claiming the name — or from generating an uproar by telling John Day residents he ’s looking to site a headquarters there .
Nor has it stopped August Kreis III of St. Cloud , who says he ’s the true leader as well as “ an equal opportunity hater — I hate everyone . ”
“ I do n’t even know who Paul Mullet is , ” said Kreis , 55 .
“ There ’s a bunch of idiots up there in Idaho . ”
Kreis said the original group “ broke up into a bunch of phony splinter groups that nobody could keep track of ” after Butler ’s death in 2004 .
“ You ’ve got another guy in New Jersey claiming the same thing , ” he said .
Heidi Beirich , research director for the
, civil - rights group in Montgomery , Ala. , acknowledged that there are “ remnants of people around the country who claim the mantle of the Aryan Nations . ”
-- Richard Cockle
CANYON CITY --
residents turned out in force Friday morning to send a message to a white supremacist group : Stay out .
About 375 people -- in a northeast Oregon county of fewer than 8,000 -- attended a town hall meeting to fight a plan by a group calling itself the
to plant a national headquarters in
.
" Never have I been to a community who reacted so quickly as you have to say no , " civil rights activist Tony Stewart of
, told a standing - room - only crowd at the Canyon City Community Hall just south of John Day .
At least 100 others were turned away because of fire code restrictions .
About 300 more watched a live stream on the Internet , said Scotta Callister , editor of the
newspaper in John Day , which sponsored the meeting .
" It gave this community a chance to put a voice to its values , " Callister said .
" That 's powerful . "
The community was reacting to a visit last week by Paul R. Mullet of Athol , Idaho , who told townspeople he is the leader of the neo - Nazi group and is shopping for John Day property for a new headquarters .
At Friday morning 's forum , Stewart was joined by Coeur d'Alene attorney Norman Gissell to offer encouragement and advice .
The pair have battled neo -Nazi groups for 29 years and helped win a landmark judgment in 2000 against Idaho 's original Aryan Nations , leading to the group 's downfall .
Many in the crowd , unmistakably rural in jeans and cowboy boots , said they 've never dealt with white supremacists and neo -Nazis and are n't sure what to do .
" I'm worried about my children , " said one woman , fearing the group might try to recruit her 14 - year - old stepson .
Others asked Stewart and Gissell how they could recognize hate - group members , how to interact with them in chance encounters at the grocery store or post office , and what their rights are if they have land for sale but do n't want to sell to members of the hate group .
Some fretted about potential damage to the economy and the county 's image .
One man asked whether media coverage is likely to encourage the neo - Nazis or keep them out .
Stewart assured him the attention will work in the community 's favor .
" Evil can grow in darkness , " he said .
" The greatest danger is ignoring them and letting them grow . "
Gissell told the gathering that supremacists have sought a racist homeland in rural America since the 1970s on the mistaken assumption that rural people are racist and would join them .
Stewart advised vigilance because , he said , the presence of a hate group inevitably leads to violence .
" They wo n't stop with just literature , " he said .
" After a period of time , they will go over the line . "
Callister said the intentions of Mullet and his associates remain unknown .
" They could move in .
They could go away and never come back , " she said .
" If they do come , they wo n't have any success , " Stewart told residents .
" You have spoken with one voice , and there is no way hate can penetrate that kind of unity .
You will win . "
At the end of the morning session -- another was scheduled for Friday night -- retired bus driver Meliana Lysne stood to speak .
She told how she feared racism when she moved to John Day 36 years ago but found " the people of Grant County are beautiful people . "
" They are standing against this , " she said , adding : " Loving one another is going to break this hatred . "
Those gathered gave Lysne a standing ovation , some brushing tears from their eyes .
--
Jaleel
White was born on November 27 , 1976 in Pasadena , California , USA as Jaleel Ahmad White .
He is an actor and writer , known for Alle unter einem Dach ( 1989 ) , Lügen haben kurze Beine ( 2002 ) and Sonic ( 1993 ) .
Los abogados de Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva pidieron a los jueces que no encarcelen al expresidente si su condena es ratificada el día de hoy .
Un documento de la defensa presentado el lunes por la noche y al que tuvo acceso The Associated Press revela que Da Silva apelará a tribunales superiores si no se anula su condena a nueve años y medio de prisión .
Los fiscales y el presidente del tribunal han dicho que Da Silva no debe ser arrestado inmediatamente si los jueces ratifican la condena por corrupción y lavado de dinero .
De ser ratificado el veredicto , el expresidente tal vez no podría presentarse en las elecciones presidenciales de octubre .
Desde Porto Alegre , ciudad donde tiene lugar el juicio , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva afirmó ante miles de seguidores que sólo “ la muerte ” lo apartará del combate político .
“ Sólo una cosa me sacará de las calles de este país , y será el día de mi muerte .
Hasta ese momento lucharé por una sociedad más justa .
Cualquiera sea el resultado del juicio , seguiré luchando por la dignidad del pueblo ” , proclamó el exmandatario de izquierda ( 2003 -2010 ) .
“ Lula , guerrero del pueblo brasilero ” , gritó la multitud vestida de rojo cuando el exlíder sindical , de 72 años , tomó la palabra en el palco , junto a la expresidenta Dilma Rousseff ( 2011 - 2016 ) y a los principales dirigentes del Partido de los Trabajadores ( PT ) .
“ No voy a hablar hoy aquí de mi proceso ni de la justicia , porque tengo abogados competentes que ya probaron mi inocencia (...)
Vengo aquí a hablar de Brasil ” , afirmó al defender su candidatura para los comicios presidenciales de octubre , en los que parte como favorito según todas las encuestas .
Ademir Brandino , un maestro de una zona indígena , recorrió 600 km junto a miembros de la etnia kaingang para participar en el acto .
“ Lula nos apoyó con varios proyectos dentro de la aldea .
Hoy se están cerrando las puertas ” , explicó Brandino , de 38 años .
The government has launched a co-ordinated counter - attack against three of the country 's most senior judges who defied ministerial pressure today to publish a highly critical verdict on secret service involvement in the alleged torture of the Guantánamo detainee Binyam Mohamed .
In spite of concerted attempts to keep criticisms of MI5 and MI6 secret , Lord Neuberger , the master of the rolls , made unprecedented public criticisms of the methods and ethics employed by the UK 's secret services , stating that officials had a " dubious record " of involvement in Mohamed 's mistreatment .
He said the security services made a false statement to the Cabinet Office 's intelligence and security committee by denying all knowledge of his ordeal .
He added there was " reason for distrusting " assurances given by the security services about Mohamed 's treatment .
The remarks were welcomed by human rights campaigners who said the court was right to push back against government pressure and exert its independence .
But they provoked a furious response from inside the government .
Within hours Gordon Brown , David Miliband , the foreign secretary , and Alan Johnson , the home secretary , had issued statements backing MI5 .
In a direct challenge to the court , Johnson said he totally rejected its verdict .
The unexpectedly damning court of appeal judgment was the latest stage in a series of legal actions brought against Britain and the US by Mohamed , an Ethiopian - born UK resident , in which he alleges that he was tortured at the hands of US officials under the auspices of the " war on terror " .
According to Neuberger 's verdict , supported by the lord chief justice , Lord Judge , and Lord May , the president of the Queen 's Bench division of the high court , the mistreatment of Mohamed took place with the knowledge of British secret service agents .
A US court has already found that the 32 - year old was " physically and psychologically tortured " .
In an unprecedented finding the verdict also concluded that the UK authorities had " facilitated the ill - treatment and torture " to which Mohamed was subjected while under the control of the US authorities .
It also found " the security services have an interest in the suppression " of information about what happened to him .
However , the judges softened their draft criticism of the Foreign Office , removing a statement that it also had an interest in suppression and saying that their criticism of the security services related specifically to Mohamed 's case and not the entire range of activities .
Stung by the criticisms , the prime minister said : " We do not torture , and we do not ask others to do so on our behalf .
We are clear that officials must not be complicit in mistreatment of detainees . "
Johnson , who is responsible for MI5 , said : " We totally reject any suggestion that the security services have a systemic problem in respecting human rights .
We wholly reject too that they have any interest in suppressing or withholding information from ministers or the courts . "
Miliband told Channel 4
News that he disagreed with the verdict : " I do not believe it is right to say that there 's an interest or culture within the security services of the suppression of information . "
The judges ' verdict sparked widespread calls for a public or judicial inquiry into the handling of Mohamed 's case .
" He cares the truth comes out so nobody would go through what he has gone through , " said Cori Crider , legal director at Reprieve .
" But questions linger .
What policies allowed such complicity in torture ?
How many cases like Binyam 's were there ?
Only a full public inquiry will answer the public 's concerns about what has been done in our name . "
Members of the shadow cabinet are understood to be considering how such an inquiry could work and a spokesman said yesterday it had not been ruled out .
Last March , David Cameron told the Commons that the government should institute a " brief , judge - led inquiry into what happened and what lessons need to be learned " .
Since then , Dominic Grieve , the shadow justice minister , is known to have been considering how witnesses before any such inquiry could be granted immunity from prosecution .
This is a thorny problem , as complicity in torture is considered such a serious crime , in international law , that immunity is not generally possible .
The decision to publish the previously unseen criticisms of MI5 raises further questions about the conduct of Jonathan Evans , the head of the Security Service .
PORTLAND , Ore. — Urban gardening used to seem subversive .
People planted tomatoes in public parks , strung their hops to rooftops to make homebrew and reclaimed empty lots as community farms , never mind the property owner .
Yet here in one of the more thoroughly tilled cities in America , subversive has come full circle : the federal government plans to plant its own bold garden directly above a downtown plaza .
As part of a $ 133 million renovation , the General Services Administration is planning to cultivate “ vegetated fins ” that will grow more than 200 feet high on the western facade of the main federal building here , a vertical garden that changes with the seasons and nurtures plants that yield energy savings .
“ They will bloom in the spring and summer when you want the shade , and then they will go away in the winter when you want to let the light in , ” said Bob Peck , commissioner of public buildings for the G.S.A .
“ Do n’t ask me how you get them irrigated . ”
Rainwater , captured on the roof , and perhaps even “ gray water ” recycled from the interior plumbing are both possibilities , the architects say .
But they concede that they are still figuring out some of the finer points of renovating the Edith Green - Wendell Wyatt Federal Building , which was completed in 1975 and is currently 18 stories of concrete , glass and minimal inspiration .
The U.S. jobless rate jumped up 0.4 percentage point to 10.2 % in October , the highest level since April 1983 .
The government ’s broader measure of unemployment shot up even more , rising half a point to 17.5 % .
The comprehensive gauge of labor underutilization , known as the “ U - 6 ” for its data classification by the Labor Department , accounts for people who have stopped looking for work or who ca n’t find full - time jobs .
Its continuing divergence from the official rate ( the “ U - 3 ” unemployment measure ) indicates the job market has a long way to go before growth in the economy translates into relief for workers .
The U - 6 rate is now the highest since the Labor Department started this particular data series in 1994 .
It likely is n’t as bad as it was in the 1980s , when the headline unemployment rate hit 10.8 % .
U - 6 only goes back to 1994 , but a discontinued measure has a longer history .
That old U - 6 measure peaked at 14.3 % in 1982 .
Through some calculation , a comparable measure can be determined in the current report .
Under the old U - 6 methodology , the October rate would be 14 % , the highest rate since 1982 , but still below the peak .
The 10.2 % unemployment rate is calculated based on people who are without jobs , who are available to work and who have actively sought work in the prior four weeks .
The “ actively looking for work ” definition is fairly broad , including people who contacted an employer , employment agency , job center or friends ; sent out resumes or filled out applications ; or answered or placed ads , among other things .
The U - 6 figure includes everyone in the official rate plus “ marginally attached workers ” — those who are neither working nor looking for work , but say they want a job and have looked for work recently ; and people who are employed part - time for economic reasons , meaning they want full - time work but took a part - time schedule instead because that ’s all they could find .
In the coming months , the U - 6 measure may be an important signal for the labor market .
The official jobless rate is likely to rise through at least the first half of next year as more people return to the job market .
That means Americans who now fall into the U - 6 category , for stopping their job searches due to discouragement , will eventually fall into the U - 3 category as they restart their job hunt .
A U - 6 figure that converges toward the official rate ( even an official rate that ’s above 10 % ) could indicate improving confidence in the labor market and the overall economy .
But the convergence could be months away .
And when it comes , it will keep unemployment above 10 % for a painfully long period .
– Sudeep Reddy and Phil Izzo
( CNN ) --
The diabetes drug Avandia is linked with tens of thousands of heart attacks , and drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline knew of the risks for years but worked to keep them from the public , according to a Senate committee report released Saturday .
The 334 - page report by the Senate Finance Committee also criticized the Food and Drug Administration , saying that the federal agency that regulates food , tobacco and medications overlooked or overrode safety concerns found by its staff .
" Americans have a right to know there are serious health risks associated with Avandia and GlaxoSmithKline had a responsibility to tell them , " said U.S. Senator Max Baucus , a Democrat and committee chairman .
" Patients trust drug companies with their health and their lives and GlaxoSmithKline abused that trust . "
The bipartisan report also was signed by Sen. Chuck Grassley , the top- ranking Republican on the committee .
GlaxoSmithKline rejected any assertions Saturday that the drug is not safe .
" We disagree with the conclusions in the report , " company spokeswoman Nancy Pekarek told CNN .
" The FDA had reviewed the data and concluded that the drug should be on the market . "
Seven clinical trials on the drug prove that it is not linked to heart attacks , Pekarek said .
" None of that data shows a statistically significant correlation between Avandia and myocardial ischemia or myocardial infarction [ heart attack ] , " she said .
Ischemia is a condition in which blood flow and oxygen are blocked from going to certain parts of the body .
The Senate committee investigation stems from concerns that Avandia and other high - profile drugs put " public safety at risk because the FDA has been too cozy with drug makers and has been regularly outmaneuvered by companies that have a financial interest in downplaying or under - exploring potential safety risks , " the report states .
FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg said she is waiting for the recommendations of an advisory committee that will hear reports on the drug this summer .
" Meanwhile , " Hamburg said in a statement , " I am reviewing the inquiry made by Senators Baucus and Grassley and I am reaching out to ensure that I have a complete understanding and awareness of all of the data and issues involved . "
The Senate report was developed over the past two years by committee investigators who reviewed more than 250,000 pages of documents provided by GlaxoSmithKline , the FDA and several research institutes .
Committee investigators also conducted numerous interviews and phone calls with GlaxoSmithKline , the FDA and anonymous whistleblowers .
According to the Senate report :
• FDA scientists estimated in July 2007 that Avandia was associated with approximately 83,000 heart attacks since the drug came to market .
" Had GSK considered Avandia 's potential increased cardiovascular risk more seriously when the issue was first raised in 1999 ... some of these heart attacks may have been avoided , " the report states .
• GlaxoSmithKline undertook attempts to undermine information critical of Avandia .
" GSK executives attempted to intimidate independent physicians , focused on strategies to minimize or misrepresent findings that Avandia may increase cardiovascular risk and sought ways to downplay findings that a competing drug might reduce cardiovascular risk , " the report says .
As an example , committee investigators say they found that GlaxoSmithKline experts verified an outside study showing the cardiac problem , but the company publicly attacked the findings as incorrect .
• Two FDA safety officials sounded a clear alarm in October 2008 writing , " There is strong evidence that rosiglitazone [ Avandia ] confers an increased risk of [ heart attacks ] and heart failure compared to pioglitazone [ rival drug on market ] . "
They concluded and trials comparing the two would be " unethical and exploitive . "
Yet , the trial is still under way , the senators say .
GlaxoSmithKline counters that the Senate report relies on outdated information .
" In essence , the report is a compilation of information and events that took place years ago , " spokeswoman Pekarek said .
" There 's no new data there . "
The FDA has evaluated at the drug , Pekarek said , and updated product labeling in 2007 to say information on Avandia 's relationship to myocardial ischemia is inconclusive .
" The FDA exists to ensure patient safety , " she said .
" That is their purpose . "
Avandia has been under scrutiny for years .
The New England Journal of Medicine called the drug 's safety into question in 2007 .
The Journal of the American Medical Association also questioned whether Avandia was safe in 2007 .
" Among patients with impaired glucose tolerance or type 2 diabetes , rosiglitazone use for at least 12 months is associated with a significantly increased risk of myocardial infarction and heart failure , without a significantly increased risk of cardiovascular mortality , " the AMA journal wrote , adding that the " findings have potential regulatory and clinical implications . "
" Regulatory agencies ought to re-evaluate whether rosiglitazone should be allowed to remain on the market , " the report said .
" Health plans and physicians should not wait for regulatory actions .
They should avoid using rosiglitazone in patients with diabetes who are at risk of cardiovascular events , especially since safer treatment alternatives are available . "
Read the report
In 2007 , an FDA panel recommended by a vote of 22 - 1 that Avandia should remain on the market despite an analysis showing links to increased risk of heart attack .
The vote was not binding , but a suggestion to FDA regulators .
The panel also voted 20 - 3 at the same meeting in support of data that showed Avandia increased the risk of cardiac ischemia in patients with the most common type of diabetes .
The Senate report does not address the issue of whether Avandia should be removed from the market .
CNN 's Lisa Desjardins , Saundra Young , Miriam Falco and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .
Earlier , we presented charts showing last year 's White House economic forecasts versus this year 's White House economic forecasts .
They look basically the same , except that last year the worst year for the deficit was supposed to be last year and this year it 's supposed to be this year .
And so on .
If you go back farther , moreover , to the George W. Bush years , you find that he , too , forever told us that prosperity was just around the corner .
Nothing illustrates this better than David Leonhardt 's cool new budget widget in the NYT .
With a scroll of your mouse , you can go through each forecast from 2001 , which looked like this ...
to 2009 , which looked like this :
And you can also read David 's excellent tale of our budget collapse , which begins like this :
There are two basic truths about the enormous deficits that the federal government will run in the coming years .
The first is that President Obama ’s agenda , ambitious as it may be , is responsible for only a sliver of the deficits , despite what many of his Republican critics are saying .
The second is that Mr. Obama does not have a realistic plan for eliminating the deficit , despite what his advisers have suggested .
Keep reading at the NYT >
As the president meets with congressional leaders today to debate health care reform , the Sunlight Foundation has come up with a very useful way of watching the event :
There 's live video -- and when a politician starts speaking , Sunlight shows their top campaign contributors .
For example , at the moment of writing , Sen . Tom Coburn had the floor .
Watching the Sunlight Foundation 's live stream , we can see his top career industry donor has been health professionals , who 've given the Oklahoma lawmaker $ 984,889 .
Also of note is this study ( PDF ) conducted by the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington detailing information on health industry donations to the summit 's participants in recent years .
According to the report , over the past five years the 21 politicians at the summit have received nearly $ 47 million from the industry .
Pennsylvania House Democrat resists party - switching entreaties
Pennsylvania Rep. Chris Carney ( D ) announced tonight that he would not switch to the Republican party despite a personal phone call today from Sen. John McCain ( Ariz . ) urging him to do so .
" I am flattered by the overtures of Sen[ator ] McCain and other Republican Party officials and consider their outreach a sure sign that I have worked in a truly bipartisan manner , " said Carney in a statement .
" I appreciate the Republican Party 's outreach , but I have no plans to change parties . "
Carney won the northeastern Pennsylvania 10th district in 2006 thanks , in large part to the scandal surrounding then Rep. Don Sherwood ( R ) .
Carney won re-election in 2008 despite the fact that McCain won the seat 54 percent to 45 percent .
According to the Washington Post vote database , Carney has voted with the Democratic majority 90.8 percent of the time in the 111th Congress .
Republicans have been aggressively courting candidates to challenge Carney in 2010 with former U.S. Attorney Tom Marino at the top of their list .
McCain 's call to Carney signals a coordinated Republican effort to capitalize on the party switch on Tuesday of Alabama Rep. Parker Griffith , the first Democrat to switch to the GOP since Rep. Rodney Alexander in 2004 .
Republicans insist there are others like Griffith out there and that the legislative course the House majority has steered is acting as a impetus to push Democrats out of the party .
Again , a single seat like Griffith 's does n't make a huge difference in the grand scheme of the battle for the House where Democrats hold a 40 - seat majority .
But , the symbolic import of a Democrat abandoning the party when it hold all the levers of power in Washington should not be underestimated .
Israeli soldiers are sometimes ordered to evacuate West Bank settlements About 200 Israeli teenagers have pledged to disobey any orders to evacuate Jewish settlements during their military service .
The letter sent to Defence Minister Ehud Barak was signed by young people about to be drafted into the Israeli Defence Force .
Jewish law as written in the Torah forbids the dismantling of Jewish - built homes , the letter said .
The government has ordered a 10 - month lull in building in the West Bank .
" We consider utilizing the army for political ends and for warfare against Jews an existential danger and a destruction of the military , " the letter said .
" We pledge our loyalty to the Torah precedes any law or order , and therefore we will refuse to execute any order that contradicts the Torah , and will not take part in the evacuation of any outpost or settlement in the land of Israel , and thus also guarding the true values of the IDF , " said the letter , printed in the Jerusalem Post .
Insubordination Mr Barak has said the military will break its ties with Jewish Talmudic academies , or yeshiva , which tell their students to disobey orders during their military service .
Israeli protest soldiers punished Worry over pro-settlement soldiers Israel army ends seminary link The Israeli military and about 40 Jewish seminaries have a decades - old arrangement , known in Hebrew as " Hesder " , that allows observant Jewish men to combine military service and religious studies .
Religious Jews see the West Bank as part of the Holy Land , given to them by God .
Earlier this year , Israeli reservists signed a petition requesting exemption from Jewish settlement evacuations .
In October , a group of soldiers disrupted their swearing - in ceremony in Jerusalem , calling for continued Jewish settlement in the West Bank .
All settlements built on land occupied by Israel since 1967 are illegal under international law .
Close to 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built on occupied territory since 1967 .
Israel disputes the international law on this issue , but does deem those settlements built without Israeli government permits as illegal and from time to time instructs its soldiers and military police to evacuate them .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
그동안 조합원과 비조합원 구분없이 노조 활동사항을 안내드렸으나 , 조합원과 후원회원 중심의 노조 운영을 추진하기 위해 밴드 운영을 중지하고 다음 카페를 개설하여 운영하게 되었습니다 .
카페가입은 조합원과 후원회원이 가능하며 , 노조 활동사항 보고 , 업무지원 , ...
As Samuel Beckett said , we must go on , and as Tony Kushner said , the world spins forward .
These two playwrights were n't talking about the current moment , but they might have been .
In this most unlikely of fall seasons , spring will come .
WASHINGTON — Texas Rep. Ron Paul won the 2012 presidential straw poll of conservative activists at the Saturday windup of the 37th annual Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington .
The announcement of Mr. Paul ’s win was greeted with a mixture of loud jeers and equally loud cheers , illustrating the fragility — despite the conference ’s three days of emphasized unity — of the coalition of economic , foreign policy and traditional values conservatives on which the Republican party relies for electoral success .
A libertarian Republican whose opposition to the nation - building foreign policy of the second President Bush and the GOP - controlled Congress , Mr. Paul , a one - time presidential hopeful , beat out other big - name Republicans , capturing 31 percent of the straw ballots cast by 2,395 registered CPAC attendees .
Organizers said 10,000 people registered for CPAC this year , with exhibits , speeches and other events taking place on two floors of the huge hotel .
The informal poll ’s results were released shortly after former House Speaker Newt Gingrich predicted in an appearance at CPAC that Republicans would win back control of both the Senate and the House this year and then the presidency in three years .
“ I believe we are gong to control the House and Senate by the end of this year and of the White House in 2012 , ” Mr. Gingrich said .
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who won the 2008 and 2009 CPAC presidential straw polls , this time placed second with 22 percent , and was followed far behind by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , Indian Rep. Milke Pence and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , each in single digits .
Mr. Paul , whose unsuccessful 2008 GOP presidential nomination candidacy saw the largest one - day fundraising total on the Internet , was the choice of a plurality of conservative activists from around the country .
To the consternation of many conference attendees who favor a continuation of the Bush interventionist foreign policy , Mr. Paul drew a wildly cheering overflow — and mostly youthful — audience in a speech to more than 1,200 conservatives in the Marriott Wardman Park Hotel ballroom .
Mr. Gingrich , in his address on Saturday , became the first Republican of major stature to predict an electoral trifecta .
There seemed to be little correlation between the candidates ’ straw poll standings and the audience they drew for speeches .
Only Mr. Paul , Mr. Gingrich , television personality Glenn Beck and author - humorist Ann Coulter , the latter pair who are not considered potential presidential hopefuls , attracted standing - room - only crowds .
Glenn Beck , in a conference wrap - up speech that had flash - bulbs flickering throughout , drew an audience that filled the 1,000 - person capacity ballroom and spilled out into the hallway .
When former Vice President Dick Cheney made a surprise appearance Thursday at the conference , he became the first high - profile Republican to predict that Mr. Obama was be a one - term president .
Mr. Gingrich , a successful GOP political strategist and intellectual who is also a favorite of center - right audiences , managed to win waves of applause on Saturday , including when he attributed a quotation in his speech to French existential philosopher and novelist Albert Camus .
Mr. Gingrich credited President Obama with creating at least three new jobs — the changing of the governorships in New Jersey and Virgina and of the Massachussetts Senate seat from Democratic to Republican hands .
In a question - and - answer session after her speech , Miss Coulter was asked if she ever has dated liberals .
“ They were n’t liberals for long , ” she replied .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Editor 's note :
This story is from 2010 .
Admittedly , we 're never really sure how or why these things magically reappear .
But if you 're looking for coverage of the Jan. 2016 blizzard that wandered into N.J. , please visit our live blog .
WOODBRIDGE --
A township snow plow driver was startled to find a seal wandering along Sixth Avenue in the Port Reading section of the township early this morning .
The adult harp seal was discovered about 5 a.m. , and police and a township control officer were notified .
Officials then reportedly dragged the animal into the Woodbridge River , according to Robert Schoelkopf , founding director of the Marine Mammal Stranding Center in Brigantine .
Several attempts to put a net around the seal failed .
Town employees workers eventually grabbed the animal with a mouthpiece normally used to capture dogs , Schoelkopf said .
Schoelkopf said he was told Woodbridge employees dragged the seal into the Woodbridge River , which could have badly injured animal and left it in an unfamiliar waterway , uncertain which way to go .
" They were fearful for the animal 's safety , " Schoelkopf said .
Schoelkopf said he hoped the seal would swim out to Arthur Kill , but if it went upstream , the seal would be in narrower water , probably without food .
It could wander on land again , Schoelkopf said , and he hoped people would call his center .
Seals are arctic mammals that live on ice flows , Schoelkopf said .
In cold weather , many are carried by currents and swim south looking for food , Schoelkopf said .
Seals that travel 1,500 miles to the New Jersey coast often come onto beaches to escape the cold water , Schoelkopf said .
His center has been called to rescue many seals in the last few weeks .
Do Bike - Helmet Laws Discourage Bicycling ?
In a new working paper called “ The Intended and Unintended Effects of Youth Bicycle Helmet Laws ” ( abstract here ; pdf here ) , Christopher S. Carpenter and Mark Stehr offer a surprising conclusion : while mandatory helmet laws have led to increased helmet use , and while helmet use has been shown to reduce bicycle fatalities , such laws also seem to lead to a decrease in actual bike riding .
Why ?
Carpenter and Stehr lay out their case compellingly .
They exploit a convenient variable : the fact that helmet laws exist in only 21 states , pictured here :
While conceding that these are primarily “ coastal ” states , the authors note that they cover more than 50 percent of the U.S. youth population .
Their research first confirms earlier research that “ helmet laws significantly reduced bicycling fatalities among youths age 0 - 15 ( i.e. , youths who were directly treated by most states ’ age - 16 helmet laws ) by about 19 percent . ”
Their research further suggests “ that helmet laws significantly increased youth helmet use by 29 - 35 percent . ”
But : “ There is also robust evidence for an unintended and previously undocumented mechanism : helmet laws produced modest but statistically significant reductions in youth bicycling participation of 4 - 5 percent . ”
The authors offer three explanations for why this may be true :
1 . The cost of helmets , both monetary and social — i.e. , Helmets are uncool , so if I ’ve got to wear a helmet to ride my bike , I ’ll find something else to do .
2 . “ There is evidence that youths have suboptimally high discount rates ( Gruber 2001 ) , such that some youths might place too little weight on the expected gain in future utility from the prevention of injury or death relative to the costs of wearing helmets today . ”
3 . Bike - helmet laws lower the price of activities similar to biking — skateboarding , rollerblading , etc. — that do not require a helmet .
These seem perfectly sensible to me , but I might add a couple other possible explanations :
1. Helmets are a hassle .
2. Helmet laws make cycling seem more dangerous than we used to think it was .
Therefore , a certain kind of parent develops a bias against it , and no longer encourages his or her kids to ride a bike — or , perhaps , never even bothers to buy the kid a bike .
Whatever the case , a downturn in bike ridership may strike some people as a grievous strike against the American character .
On the other hand , it ’s great news for the likes of Nintendo , Sony , and Microsoft .
Carly Simon will judge the videos herself Singer - songwriter Carly Simon has launched a competition giving fans the chance to make the first ever video for her 1972 song , You 're So Vain .
The star has never publicly revealed who inspired the track - although she has denied it was Mick Jagger .
She said people still ask her about it .
" People were so busy asking me who the song was about that nobody thought to make a video of it , " she said .
The winning video will be shown at New York 's Tribeca Film Festival in April .
The song revolves around a self - assured man who has girls falling at his feet .
The lyrics in the chorus accuse him of being " so vain I bet you think this song is about you . "
Speculation about who the song was about has included Simon 's first husband James Taylor , or one of her many ex-boyfriends , such as Warren Beatty , Cat Stevens or Kris Kristofferson .
However , singing on Janet Jackson 's single Son Of A Gun , which samples You 're So Vain , Simon stated " the song is not about Mick " .
Launching her competition , the singer told entrants to draw on " all sorts of magic in the air " for their video submissions .
She also offered a few pointers which they might want to include , such as featuring a yacht , a Learjet and a horse race , all of which are mentioned in the song .
Simon , who will judge the entries herself , will also present the winner with a prize from her " personal archives . "
A new version of the song was released last year on Simon 's album Never Been Gone , which largely featured rerecorded versions of her best - known tunes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Love this one .
Working yourself to death is not the only answer ...
Divorce court has opportunities for couples to forestall certain financial proceedings and you need to tell your divorce attorney to file the necessary docs to freeze the foreclosure efforts by the lender until after the divorce is finalized .
Some lawyers are lazy to respond to your requests , but using the right tactics and maintaining control of your ex and your attorney will be in your best interest .
I found some great information at http://www.DivorceTacticsToWin.com, and you can and should move immediately for stop the creditors from acting against you and your ex until after the divorce is decided .
You also might want to check in regularly to the blog for new divorce tactics at http://newdivorcetactics.com.
Meaning , awesome .
This Sunday , tune in to HBO for the second episode of How To Make It In America , a show about two 20 - somethings hustling to make it in the downtown NYC scene .
Just like you .
Check out the trailer !
How To Make It In America focuses on the urban adventures of Ben ( Bryan Greenberg ) , an aspiring designer who has seen previous passion projects derailed by fate and fortune , and Cam ( Victor Rasuk ) , Ben 's best friend , a free spirit and would - be future mogul , who takes it upon himself to get Ben " back in the game " after his breakup with girlfriend Rachel ( Lake Bell ) , an interior decorator now dating a hot hotelier named Darren ( Jason Pendergraft ) .
In addition to scouring the downtown NYC scene for business and romantic connections , Ben and Cam follow a number of leads on a variety of entrepreneurial ventures , mostly in the ultra - competitive fashion industry .
Among those who rub shoulders with Ben and Cam are Domingo ( Scott " Kid Cudi " Mescudi ) , a well - connected street pal ; Gingy ( Shannyn Sossaman ) , who runs a downtown art gallery ; David Kaplan ( Eddie Kaye Thomas ) , a hedge - fund manager and high - school acquaintance who may prove useful as an investor ; and Edie ( Martha Plimpton ) , Rachel 's eccentric interior - decorator boss .
Bonus : Luis Guzmán co-stars as Rene Calderon , Cam 's reprobate cousin , who just got out of jail and is eying his own get - rich scheme involving an energy drink .
How To Make It In America airs Sundays at 10 pm EST after Big Love .
Find out more here .
Italian Vogue just relaunched its website with some help from a small team in New York .
And everything is available in English !
( Except the text linking to jumps in blog posts , which reads “ continua ” but adds fun foreign flavor . )
The sections within the site are interesting : Vogue Black , Vogue Curvy , and Vogue Talents .
Because these things must be examined on their own , apparently .
Vogue Black appears to be devoted to black talent in fashion .
Today ’s top story is a video interview with Tyra Banks — in English .
Tyra appeared in Italian Vogue ’s all - black issue .
On Vogue Black she talks about how her run as a talk - show host is coming to an end , and reminisces about some of her most brilliant journalistic moments .
Such as the time Hillary Clinton stopped by .
“ I asked Hillary Clinton how she feels about herself when she looks in the mirror , like , when her clothes are off and when she looks in the mirror .
And everyone ’s saying , ‘ Oh my god I ca n’t believe you asked her that .
oh my God . ’
But I felt so comfortable with her , I felt like she was just a girlfriend at home , so I asked her those questions .
I did n’t know I was pushing the envelope by asking her things like that . ”
Moving on : Vogue Curvy is devoted to … women with figures .
That section leads with a video interview with Crystal Renn , who talks about how amazing life became when she decided to stop starving herself and eat salad with salmon and walnuts on it .
( Since when is salmon a skinny person no - no ?
Modeling must be rough . )
Lastly , Vogue Talents seems to be all about up - and - coming fashion talents .
However , it currently leads with a story on Rodarte , a label that is hardly up - and - coming at this point .
We were reasonably amused perusing Italian Vogue ’s new Internet collective , but why must curvy women , women of color , and burgeoning design talent be viewed in separate channels ?
Is it not possible to have a fashion magazine that embraces women of all sizes and colors who wear young and established labels ?
Italian Vogue seems to think not .
Vogue Black [ Official site ]
Vogue Curvy [ Official site ]
Vogue Talents [ Official site ]
It was Mr. Rahal who made the contacts with the four buyers who took bribes .
He was caught on a wiretap in April 2008 , promising to help Mr. Watson with his tax payment , according to court papers .
In another conversation , reported by a witness , Mr. Rahal explained the art of ascertaining whether a person would be susceptible to bribery .
Image Credit ... Illustration by The New York Times
According to court papers , Mr. Rahal recounted how he would drop a $ 100 bill on the floor , then bend to pick it up , saying : “ You must have dropped this .
Is it yours ? ”
If the person said yes , Mr. Rahal considered him receptive .
Mr. Rahal pleaded guilty to racketeering , price fixing and money laundering charges in December 2008 and has been cooperating with investigators .
His lawyer , Christopher D. Adams of New Jersey , did not respond to requests for comment .
Mr. Rahal is accused of bribing ingredient buyers as early as 1998 .
One of those he is said to have drawn in was a New Jersey buyer named Robert C. Turner Jr. , who began taking bribes while working as a purchasing manager at Nabisco .
In 2004 he went to work for B &G Foods , the maker of Ortega Mexican foods and other products , in Parsippany , N.J. Mr. Turner continued to take bribes as he rose to become B&G ’s director of purchasing .
Mr. Turner , an Eagle Scout , confessed to taking more than $ 65,000 in bribes in all .
He pleaded guilty last May to mail fraud charges related to bribe checks he received in the mail .
Mr. Turner ’s lawyer , John A. Azzarello of New Jersey , said Mr. Turner was not aware that SK Foods was shipping tomatoes with high mold counts and other defects .
In one case in 2007 , Mr. Turner raised the price B&G paid on a contract to finance his own kickback .
In that deal , B&G agreed to buy 13 million pounds of peppers from SK Foods at 22 cents a pound .
But at Mr. Rahal ’s urging , Mr. Turner added an extra penny a pound .
The pair agreed to “ split the penny , ” meaning that each of them would pocket half a cent a pound , for a total of $ 65,000 apiece .
Kraft , the nation ’s largest food manufacturer , appears to have been among the biggest companies skimmed by the bribes .
Court papers say that Kraft bought about 230 million pounds of processed tomatoes from SK Foods from 2004 to 2008 , as Mr. Watson took $ 158,000 in bribes .
Mr. Watson did not cooperate with investigators and is so far the only person sentenced in the case .
He is serving a 27 - month prison term and has been ordered to make $ 1.8 million in restitution to Kraft .
A request to meet with Mr. Watson in prison was submitted to his lawyer , Thomas J. Organ of Illinois , who did not respond to follow - up calls .
SAN FRANCISCO – To gamers , $ 40 may seem like a steep price to replace a Wii remote controller , but to scientists , a hacked Wiimote is a steal compared to the pricey sensors needed for a lot of field research .
Inspired by videos of renowned hacker Johnny Chung Lee turning the Wiimote into a finger - tracking device and a touchscreen white board , physicist Rolf Hut of Delft University of Technology built a Wiimote wind sensor .
" It was just a bendy pole with an empty bottle on top with an LED light on the bottle , " Hut said .
" And it swayed in the wind . "
The Wiimote can track just about anything :
All that 's needed is an LED light .
Hydrologist Willem Luxemburg of Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands demonstrated a hacked water - level sensor made from a Wiimote and a plastic boat at the meeting of the American Geophysical Union here Monday .
" Just switch it on and make sure it does n't get wet , " Luxemburg said .
Luxemburg 's team aimed the Wiimote at a problem that can be very tricky for hydrologists : measuring evaporation on a body of water .
The easiest way to measure evaporation is to place pans of water near the lake , or whatever water is being studied , and put pressure sensors in them .
The sensors record the drop in pressure as more and more water disappears .
But this equipment can run $ 500 or more , and still the measurements are n't accurate because the water in the pan gets warmer on land than it would in the lake .
Alternatively , measuring the level of water in a pan that is floating in a lake is also tricky because the pan will inevitably be moving .
The Wiimote could overcome the evaporation - measurement problems .
It has a tri-axial accelerometer and a high - resolution , high - speed infrared camera , which can sense movement with better than 1 millimeter accuracy .
Luxemburg 's team tested it in a floating evaporation pan , using a float with an LED .
With a Wiimote aimed at the float , and some hacking and programming of the Wiimote 's output , they were able to get highly accurate , real - time data on water level wirelessly sent to a laptop .
The IR camera can track up to four LED lights at once , so scientists can use several floats to calculate the water 's plane .
To be as accurate with pressure sensors , you 'd need more and costlier units .
Luxemburg and Hut 's goal was to show other scientists at the meeting that the videogame controller can be a legitimate piece of scientific equipment that they should consider deploying in all types of field experiments .
They 've gotten interest from colleagues who study building construction at Delft University because of the controller 's accelerometer .
" If you have a structure that collapses and you have Wiimotes on the building , you could see how fast it falls , " Luxemburg said .
And judging from the crowd at their demonstration , plenty of scientists are interested .
" I 'm pretty sure within the next four to six weeks , some good ideas will come along , " Hut said .
Of course , each experiment will have it's own challenges that require specific hacking of the Wiimote .
It will need longer battery life and a way to store data so it can be left to work alone at a field site .
But
Hut is confident all that can be done , and more .
" I still want to do something to measure temperature with it , " Hut said .
" I just do n't know how yet . "
But the basics , he said , are easy .
His original wind - sensor demo took him just a few hours to build and was a welcome break from the network and signal analysis he usually does .
" There are probably better ways to measure wind , but it was a day well - spent , " Hut said .
" I really felt the need to solder something . "
*
*
Images : 1 ) Betsy Mason / Wired.com .
2 ) Hubert Savenijel / Delft University of Technology .
3 ) Betsy Mason / Wired.com .
See Also :
3D drivers are a traditional source of complaints in open source systems .
David Chisnall looks at the history and current state of the art to see what changes are in store for 2010 .

Most people using UNIX or computers in general back when it was new did n't use a graphical display .
They connected via a dumb terminal , a simple device that pretended to be a teletype , with a text - only display and a keyboard .
Early graphical workstations appeared a decade or so later .
The graphics hardware in these machines was simple : a frame buffer .
Every pixel on the screen had a corresponding memory address .
Because memory was so expensive , these often used a palette rather than true color .
With a true - color display , each memory address stores a color value .
Typically , this requires 3 bytes per pixel ( 24 - bit color ) , but some modern hardware uses more .
With a palletized display , each pixel value stores an index in a lookup table , which stores the real color value .
If you have a 16 - color display , then each pixel needs just 4 bits of memory .
The display hardware would read the pixel values , in turn , and would feed these values ( or the color values calculated by looking up the index in the palette ) to a digital - to - analog converter which drove the CRT .
A lot of tricks were used to let you write to the memory in the display while it was being sent to the screen .
Later , when memory became a bit cheaper , it was common for graphics cards to support double - buffering , where you drew to one frame buffer while another was drawn , then swapped them around .
If you ever wrote a game for MS - DOS , you 've probably programmed hardware about as complicated as this .
A device driver for such a display was a very simple piece of code .
It needed to send a few commands to the hardware to set up the resolution , but after that it just mapped the frame buffer memory into some process 's address space and let it write pixels to the screen directly .
The Windows Accelerator
These simple frame buffers occasionally came with some accelerated features .
One of the most common , the BitBlt ( pronounced bit - blit ) , originally appeared on the Xerox Alto , invented by Dan Ingalls , to make Smalltalk run fast enough .
This was a very simple operation , copying a range of memory addresses into the frame buffer with a single command .
Variants of these were often used for sprite acceleration , where a region of memory ( and , optionally , a mask ) was assigned a unique identifier and could then be drawn very quickly to the screen .
The next evolution of graphics hardware was designed for running primitive windowing systems quickly .
Most windowing systems draw a lot of lines , so the hardware developed commands to draw these , rather than requiring the CPU to write them directly .
On UNIX workstations , the accelerated functions usually corresponded closely to the drawing primitives available in the windowing system .
When you draw a line in X11 , you typically made a call to the XLib XDrawLine ( ) function .
This sent a DrawLine message to the server , which would then handle the drawing .
If possible , this would then issue a single command to the graphics hardware to draw the line .
Drivers in this era became a lot more complicated .
Every graphics chip could handle some subset of the X11 drawing commands , and simple frame buffers did n't accelerate any of them .
Every driver had to advertise the commands that it could accelerate , and the general - purpose code had to handle the case where particular commands needed to be handled in software .
One of the changes in a modern X server 's driver model is to dispense with most of this layer .
2D acceleration , at least in terms of line drawing and similar operations , is now irrelevant .
Doing these entirely in software , even on a relatively old computer , is fast enough and , more importantly , is typically faster than using 2D hardware ( if it 's even available , which it is n't on modern GPUs ) .
" Peace Blimp "
Imagine ...a " Peace Blimp " - defiantly displaying a message of peace across the skies of the nation , unable to be dismissed , ignored or brushed aside .
Rallies for peace greet the blimp in every city it visits .
Politicians , celebrities , movie stars , athletes , war veterans and peace activists make the call to bring our troops home by boarding the blimp for a ride .
Crowds flock to the events and are educated about the war .
With each stop along the tour the momentum for peace grows from a dull roar into an undeniable fervor until the seemingly endless wars come to an end .
Now , let 's make this a reality .
Please join us this March 20th for the largest online monetary
war protest in history .
Our goal is to bring together
100,000 people to donate $ 10 each ( minimum ) ,
creating a one day total of millions to fly the
Peace Blimp until we the people
force our government
to end this war .
Please pledge now by entering your email address below .
Then spread the word to your friends .
Thank you !
Enter your email address :
site launched 2/3/10
439 pledges as of 2/6/10
14,542 total visitors as of 2/6/10
Donate now !
Donate now to help the Peace Blimp project get started .
Your contributions will enable us to
begin operations today .
Advantages of binary options trading .
Interact with the blimp !
Click the links below to make your suggestions and cast your votes !
What should the blimp say ?
Who should ride on the blimp ?
Where should the blimp fly ?
Blimp vs . War in terms of cost
Cost of the wars = $ 500,000 per minute ( $ 720 million per day ) .
Max .
estimated cost of blimp w/ rallies to end the war = $ 50,000 to $ 350,000 per month .
Which cost would you rather pay ?
Help Wanted .
Be a part of the Peace Blimp team .
Submit your skills and resume 's here .
U.S. Southern Command announced this morning that the Navy carrier USS Carl Vinson had finally dropped anchor off the coast of Haiti to assist in the ongoing earthquake - relief effort .
But you would have known that already , if you were following the tweets from Haiti .
Join Reddit ’s Haiti relief fundraising drive * with Direct Relief International .* Around six hours ago , I got this Twitter update from friends Kira Kay and Jason Maloney , who were shooting a documentary on maternal health in Haiti .
" Can see an aircraft carrier , presumably the Vinson , heading in towards PAP [ Port - au - Prince ] , " they wrote .
" Should be there soon . "
When I last checked , the duo was heading to Port - au - Prince airport , where a U.S. military special operations team has taken over air traffic control and flight operations .
Kay and Maloney are n't the only ones using these tools to get the word out :
Our friend Christopher Albon , who studies the relationship between armed conflict , public health , and human security and blogs at ConflictHealth.com , has spotted some of the more prolific Twitter users on the ground like @RAMHaiti , @tilionel and @carelpedre .
Courtesy Twitter user Brandon Hockle , we also have a link to a Bing map that shows where some of the tweets are coming from in real time .
And of course , there 's the Twitter hashtag #haiti , which has become a virtual firehose of information .
Lots of good intentions , but remember : Online scams are already popping up .
If you give , go through a reputable , established charity .
Photo : U.S. Southern Command
See Also :
Many prefer to call pets companion animals
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
Some might think true grief is reserved for our fellow homo sapiens , but as a moving tribute from one British politician shows , the loss of a pet prompts real mourning .
Even in the UK , which has what is seen by many non-Britons as a slightly repressed attitude towards death , prolonged mourning and visible grief is considered normal for the death of a family member or a close friend .
There are famous man-animal partnerships from history
But in a nation of animal lovers there are many who feel almost the same way about the loss of a pet , but whose emotions occasionally provoke raised eyebrows .
The writer , broadcaster and former Labour deputy leader Lord Hattersley wrote this week in a newspaper about his grief for Buster his canine companion of 15 years , who died in October .
" I sat in the first floor room in which I work , watching my neighbours go about their lives , amazed and furious that they were behaving as if it was a normal day , " wrote Hattersley .
" Stop all the clocks .
Buster was dead . "
Strong feelings
History is full of close relationships between man and beast .
Read any history of Alexander and Bucephalus , his horse and constant companion , looms large .
Much missed after his death at the Battle of the Hydaspes , a new city in what is now Pakistan was named after him .
And what greater symbol of animal constancy can there be than Greyfriars Bobby , a terrier who supposedly spent 14 years faithfully attending his master 's grave in Edinburgh .
Our animal companions provoke strong feelings .
ANIMALS IN AFTERLIFE
Some in ancient Egypt mummified cats and thought they had afterlife Animal heaven frequently referred to in US and UK as ' Rainbow Bridge ' Comes from anonymous 1980s prose poem
It starts : ' When an animal dies that has been especially close to someone here , that pet goes to Rainbow Bridge .
There are meadows and hills for all of our special friends so they can run and play together '
" For anybody who has had a pet in their life they form a unique and very special member of the family , and remain so , " says Margot Clarke , manager of the Pet Bereavement Support Service .
" In terms of that very special bond that individuals share it 's like any bond , once it 's broken , individuals feel that loss .
That is expressed as grief . "
Many of those who contact the PBSS are disappointed by the reaction of those around them to their loss .
" They often trivialise that loss and do n't recognise it as being special and unique , " says Ms Clarke .
" A lot of people say ' just get another pet ' .
But the time has to be right . "
Established 16 years ago , the PBSS is a joint venture between the charity Blue Cross and the Society for Companion Animal Studies and provides what it terms " emotional support " - primarily by phone - rather than formal counselling for pet owners .
Link to others " A lot of our callers say to us ' Gosh I did n't feel this bad when I lost my father or mother or sister ' , " says Ms Clarke .
It 's a state of mind that Bob Nicholson can understand , having lost his dog Ivo , a Collie cross , after 16 - and - a - half years .
Mr Nicholson , of Fife , had raised Ivo from from a puppy to his death in September .
I do not pretend that my grief was unique - I merely state , as a matter of fact , that nothing has ever caused me as much pain as Buster 's death
Roy Hattersley
Roy Hattersley 's piece in the Daily Mail When Mr Nicholson , of Fife , had lost his father , the dog was there to help .
When Ivo died , no - one was there .
The dog had been a link to a father and a brother who had gone .
Now that link was gone .
" It 's left a massive hole in my life .
I lost my father two years ago .
When my dad died the dog was there .
I felt a bit ashamed - losing my dog actually affected me more than when I lost my father . "
The lack of understanding from some people is an aggravating factor .
" Some people feel disdain [ as ] it was only a dog . "
With the strength of these feelings , it is perhaps not surprising that many pet owners want to mark the death of their beloved animals .
In Mr Nicholson 's case he went to Dawn Murray , who runs the Pet Undertaker business from her home near Lanark .
She organises cremations , removing the bodies from the owner 's homes or vets ' practices in a special animal hearse , taking them to dedicated pet crematoria and then returning the ashes to the owners .
About 200 owners a year book cremations and there is the occasional burial as well .
Range of animals
" The dog or the cat is n't just part of the family it is their family .
It may be they want their pet treated with the same dignity accorded to any member of the family .
If granny died in hospital you would n't leave the doctor to make the funeral arrangements . "
It is not just cats and dogs that are commended to her .
She has dealt with everything from newts and lizards to degus , chinchilla - like rodents .
Many pets are regarded like family members People also call her for reassurance and practical advice .
Two issues loom large over pet bereavement - people not being taken seriously , and the need to take time out to mourn .
" Most people they take the day off but most tend to tell a lie for fear of ridicule or that the boss wo n't understand , " says Ms Murray .
" They take a day of sick leave rather than admit to being off because of pet bereavement . "
Many of those facing up to such sadness want spiritual reassurance .
When humans die , many religious relatives have the consolation of their belief in an afterlife .
In the world of pet bereavement , this is often referred to as " Rainbow Bridge " , based on a prose poem written by an anonymous author in the 1980s .
There are countless references to it on message boards and tribute sites .
" Rainbow Bridge is a mythical pet heaven , " says Ms Murray .
" The spiritual side of pet bereavement is powerful .
[ Those that believe in it ] come from all walks of life - they are not wacky people . "
Very loosely inspired by the Norse legend of Bifroest , the " rainbow bridge " represents the notion that owners will meet their pets again after death in a joyous reunion .
Cremations and even burials are wanted by some owners
It may be argued that it fills a gap left by the treatment of animals in some mainstream religions .
" The churches have been slow to recognise the spiritual significance of the human - animal bond , " says Rev Prof Andrew Linzey , an Anglican priest and director of the Oxford Centre for Animal Ethics .
" When a companion animal dies , we feel a natural sense of dislocation and loss .
The churches should offer us rites to help us deal with our bereavement . "
Prof Linzey addressed this issue when he decided to bury his beloved dog Barney in the garden .
As it seemed there were no prayers or liturgies specifically for the death of pets , he wrote the book Animal Rites .
And of course , there is something near unique about pet bereavement - the issue of euthanasia .
Many pet owners have had to make a decision that only tiny numbers ever have to make about a human relative - the decision to end a life , with all the guilt that that entails .
Send us your comments using the form below .
My condolences to anyone reading this who has lost a pet .
I remember calling into work once and admitting I was in bits as my cat had died .
The colleague who answered the phone said , " it 's only a cat , Debbie ! " and I could hear laughter in the background .
I will be inconsolable when the only cat I have now dies but I 'll know where to turn for genuine support .
D Young , London
We lost our Labrador Dibley on 23 December .
He was in his fourteenth year .
He was a real character and definitely considered a member of the family , his death has left a big hole in our lives and it spoilt Christmas .
I must admit that I feel more grief at the loss of Dibley than I did when my mother died at the age of 90 .
Chris Newcombe , Newchurch , Kent Roy Hattersley evidently surprised himself at the depth of his grief for Buster .
It is however well documented that the scale of grief for pets is a deep as that compared to loss of a human loved one .
Mr Hattersley may take some comfort from the fact that evidence suggests that whilst the grief he feels is just as deep as if it were a human , the duration of grief will not be as long .
As a veterinary surgeon myself , most days I probably put an animal to sleep , and usually this is to end suffering by the animal .
So in a strange way , euthanasia itself does not upset me , but the emotional reaction from the owner does .
I am often struck by the number of people who say that they do n't want to see their animal suffer which is why they have made that decision .
They will often add that they wish the same decision could have been taken for humans , perhaps they have had a relative who suffered during terminal illness .
In that sense , I see it that animals are the lucky ones .
Pamela Singleton , Harrogate North Yorkshire Losing a pet can feel like you 've lost a member of the family , you can get griefstricken but then when you actually do lose a member of the family you realise you were having yourself on .
Most people get over the death of a beloved dog within a few months , if you have a normal functioning relationship with a family member and then they die then it's a completely different ballpark .
David Godfrey , Reading I agree with Mr Nicholson of Fife , when our chocolate labrador died over a year and a half ago it affected me much much more than when my mum died four years before that .
In fact I was just talking to a neighbour who also has dogs about this 15 minutes ago and that was the very thing we were discussing and she said that it is true but it is a different kind of grief .
We have another labrador now but will never forget Bramble .
Liz Smith , Glenrothes , Scotland Before getting a cat of our own , I failed to understand the depth of attachment that one has .
When our cat was diagnosed with cancer after 10 years and we decided to have her euthanized , it hit me like a ton of bricks .
My wife and I were distraught for some time .
Several friends passed on the Rainbow Bridge poem .
As a Catholic Christian , I was raised with the belief in an afterlife , but not for animals .
I am pleased to see that one local Anglican church has been doing a blessing of animals for years now , and that attendance is increasing each year .
Ken O'Brien , St John's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada
My husband and I moved to the UK six years ago from Canada and we brought our Doberman Jack with us .
In the first lonely years living far away from family and friends it was just the three of us here .
When Jack died nearly three years ago the feeling of isolation and grief was overwhelming and as in the above article we felt the need to lie and cover up our mourning .
The look on peoples faces if we were to admit the depths of our depression because of the loss of a dog was pretty clear .
" It is just a dog . "
We were once , however , able to give to a stranger the support and understanding that friends of ours were not able to give us .
We met an older lady in a park in Edinburgh one Christmas when they had a dog sleigh event on .
There were lots of happy people and happy dogs enjoying the spectacle and somehow we struck up a short but heartfelt conversation with this woman who had just lost her dog .
We told her it was okay to grieve and to honour the memory of a beloved friend .
We were able to commiserate with her and that it was no mean thing to be brought low by such a loss .
Aizlynn Johnston , Leeds , West Yorkshire , UK I lost my dog after 14 years .
My partners also had recently left me and my dog was all I had left , and to lose him caused me more pain than losing my partner of 15 years .
Jess was always there and showed that he loved me .
Ever loyal .
When he went I just went to bed and stayed there thinking there was no point to anything , almost like depression .
People who have no pets just do n't understand , the big hole that it leaves .
Laura Farren , Nuneaton I could n't agree more with these sentiments .
I lost my two gorgeous cats in 2009 - one in May and the other in August , both 22 years of age .
I was absolutely distraught , but also very angry at those who suggested that I should get " replacements " as soon as possible .
No one liked my retort of " and you 'd replace a deceased sister or brother with another ? " .
The grief , I am learning , does n't really go away - you just cope with it better as the weeks go by .
Paul , Manchester I found out on Monday that my beagle has cancer .
The prognosis is n't good and if we 're lucky we 'll have him for another couple of months .
He had an operation on Monday and we 've brought him home today .
He 's lying very quietly on the sofa , obviously in some discomfort , and I can't explain to him why we let this happen to him .
I can't explain that if he eats I can give him a painkiller that will help .
And I know that sometime in the weeks ahead , no matter how much it hurts , I am going to have to let him go .
I have lost both my parents , but this is the worst pain of all .
Fiona , Worthing I lost my dog just over two years ago , she had a heart condition and died very suddenly .
It was a very upsetting time for me and my husband , as our constant companion and larger than life character she left a large gap in our lives .
Anyone who has never had a pet cannot understand the bond you have and how much of an individual they are .
She was always there to cheer me up or offer me some quiet time , she always seemed to know how I was feeling .
I think she knew she was dying as she spent the previous night sitting constantly by my feet wanting to be made a fuss of ; I duly obliged and am thankful that I did as that was the last time I saw her alive .
I still think about her and have only now taken the step of another dog after all this time .
Michelle Stevens , Exeter
So it 's not just me !
I 'm relieved to know others have worried about being thought " silly " for feeling genuine bereavement for pets .
My husband and I had the good fortune to be off work anyway when our last cat was euthanised , which meant we did n't have to lie , but neither of us was in a fit state to attend work anyway , after having held her as she slipped away , and then buried her under her favourite spot in the garden .
Someone who can't feel bereavement for a pet probably should n't have had one in the first place .
Polly , Glasgow I have never cried over family or friends deaths , but have cried over every one of my dogs that have gone .
My best friends have always had four legs and a fur coat .
From them I have had more love and affection than from any human .
They have all had the dignity of a proper burial .
JB Weightman , Carlisle , Cumbria
My dog will never lie to me , steal cheat or deceive me .
It 's feelings are always clear , it 's joy when we come through the door , the fear when idiots set off fireworks .
Unconditional .
No , it is not a child , it is not a human , but it is no less special to me .
The death of a friend or relative is often bound up with issues that remain , some good , some bad .
My dogs life has only shown me the good ones .
What friend would say to another " It 's just a dog " ?
They 're no friend at all .
Gary
My beloved cat Potter disappeared last summer , we do n't know if she has found a new home somewhere else , or died in the woods surrounding our house .
How does one deal with this sort of open ended bereavement ?
People rarely have to deal with a loved one disappearing , but how many times have pet owners suffered this ?
Steph , Portsmouth , UK I completely understand , I lost my cat last year after 10 beautiful years together - three of which she only had due to me being convinced against the advice of my vet that she could survive a cancer op .
I felt completely bereft when she died .
Could n't eat , could n't sleep .
The last time I felt like that was when my dad died .
I suppose because you are so responsible for all aspects of their welfare there may be a little guilt when they finally die .
I still miss her .
Claire , Stone , UK
We lost our beloved 13 - year - old black Labrador Susie a couple of years ago .
It was honestly worse than losing either of my parents .
I know that sounds crass , but she was in our lives constantly and her loss was just shattering .
David , St Albans
When our cat was run over , I cried for three days and felt people thought I was being stupid mourning " just a cat " .
But it was like a personality had been ripped from our lives and the house was so quite without him .
I still expect him to run into the house , even a year later .
Deborah , Yorkshire
Whilst the death of a pet can be very upsetting it can't begin to compare to the grief felt by the loss of a close family member or friend , particularly if that person died in tragic circumstances or at an untimely age .
I believe that people who suffer more from the death of an animal have clearly never made truly successful or meaningful connections with their fellow humans .
Nicola , London
I was the owner of two of the most beautiful dogs until last September when Lulu my 11 year - old Cocker Spaniel died of cancer .
I cried , unashamed of the grief that my wife and I had for our darling dogs .
They had become such an important part of our life that even now I miss her and a tear often forms when I see a photo of my beloved Lulu .
Jon Turner , Sunbury - on - Thames
One of my cats , who was 16 , had to be put down about five months ago and I was devastated .
Most people did n't really understand why I was so upset .
I found the simplest thing to compare it to was a person who had been in my life that long dying .
Some people still did n't seem to understand .
They thought I was being irrational and even told me so .
Yet I 'm sure if they had a loved one die after that long they would be upset .
I do n't see what makes it any different , just because the pet can't talk back to you , does n't mean they do n't love you back .
She had had thyroid problems and the medication was n't working for her and one morning she was so ill that she was taken to the vet , but she would n't have survived longer than a couple of hours so was put to sleep .
Unfortunately I was not around and could n't get back in time .
I went back to the vets later in the afternoon to see her body and say goodbye .
The vets organised a cremation , and she is now sitting in the lounge in a green box next to a picture .
My other cat is 16 1 / 2 now and I do n't want to separate them so she will remain in the lounge .
Vikki , Hayling Island Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In order to read or download the devil .
html ebook , you need to create a FREE account .
eBook includes PDF , ePub and Kindle version
The US this week achieved a goal that has eluded it since Ronald Reagan 's Star Wars programme by knocking out a ballistic missile using a high - powered laser beam mounted on a plane .
The successful test was carried out yesterday in California , the US Missile Defence Agency ( MDA ) said , making real what had previously been confined to the realms of science fiction .
The plane uses a combination of lasers to lock on to the missile and track its trajectory , and then bring it down with a ­single shot fired from the nose turret , all in less than 12 seconds .
According to analysts , the breakthrough could have an impact on the North Korean and Iranian missile programmes , forcing them to develop faster missiles and adopt measures to counter the laser beams .
The MDA said today : " The revolutionary use of directed energy is very attractive for missile defence , with the potential to attack multiple targets at the speed of light , at a range of hundreds of kilometres , and at a low cost per intercept attempt compared to current technologies . "
Work on the laser weapons system has been under way in earnest for at least a decade , at a cost of more than $ 1bn .
In the past , laser beams have been used successfully against stationary targets from stationary platforms , but in this test the beam was directed from a plane against a moving target , a much more challenging feat .
However , some scientists and military analysts expressed scepticism about its long - term viability , saying that other such projects that had been hailed as revolutionary did not work when confronted by all the problems thrown up by war .
Michael Elleman , a senior fellow for missile research in the Washington office of the International Institute for Strategic Studies , traced a direct line from the controversial programme set out by Reagan three decades ago that was dubbed Star Wars , which envisaged lasers based in outer space intercepting missiles .
" Reagan had a grand vision but did not know what the architecture would look like .
They were looking more at space - based laser technology .
The laser [ in the latest test ] is not necessarily what Reagan envisaged but it fits inside the grander scheme of what he wanted to achieve . "
Elleman said the laser could force North Korea , whose Unha missile is slow , to look at accelerated missiles and that Iran was already doing this .
The MDA said the test was carried out at Point Mugu's Naval Air Warfare Centre near Ventura .
" The Missile Defence Agency demonstrated the potential use of directed energy to defend against ballistic missiles when the Airborne Laser Test - bed ( ALTB ) successfully destroyed a boosting ballistic missile , " the agency said .
The system is being developed by ­Boeing , which uses the airframe of a modified 747 jumbo , and the MDA .
Aerospace and defence contractor Northrop Grumman supplies the higher - energy laser , while Lockheed Martin is developing the beam and fire control systems .
" This was the first directed energy lethal intercept demonstration against a liquid - fuel boosting ballistic missile target from an airborne platform , " the agency added .
The system successfully intercepted a missile in August last year but did not bring it down .
Last year the defence secretary , Robert Gates , decided that the programme should be scaled back , keeping research to a single plane , because of scepticism about how practical it would be .
John Pike , a defence analyst and founder of Virginia - based Global Security , said he doubted the test would change Gates 's view .
" Gates seemed to believe that there was no prospect of the plane engaging targets at ranges of several hundred kilometres , and that engagements at ranges of less than 100 kilometres were not militarily interesting , " he said .
The MDA statement did not specify what the range was during the test .
Ivan Oelrich , a physicist and vice - president for strategic security programmes at the Federation of American Scientists , said : " What would be interesting would be how far away it [ the missile ] is . "
He said that to be useful , the laser would have to be able to shoot down missiles from at least 100 miles .
It would also be expensive to keep one or more planes on stations waiting for a missile .
During its third quarter financial conference call , Ubisoft revealed that the next Assassin 's Creed adventure would see Ezio revisiting Rome , taking the fight to the Templar , when he 's not busy taking out his friends online .
Advertisement
While we 're still not sure how the online multiplayer will work in the next Assassin 's Creed , but we do have news of a new location in the game .
Our favorite Italian Renaissance assassin will be traveling to Rome in the new title , with an Ubisoft representative revealing Ezio 's plans to " strike directly at the heart of the Templar Order . "
So far the Assassin 's Creed series has mainly dealt with the assassins reacting to the Templar 's actions .
Perhaps now is the time to act ?
Advertisement
The spokesperson also mentioned the multiplayer aspect once again , not delivering any real details , but stressing the importance Ubi is laying on the multiplayer side of the title .
Does this quick follow - up to Assassin 's Creed 2 mean that the franchise is going annual ?
" We can't comment on that yet , " said CEO Yves Guillemot , " We are going to come very often ( to ) that franchise . "
Some of us are satisfied skiing at large resorts or local runs , the more daring of us on on black diamond trails .
The rest of us are generally happy to enjoy the skiing experience from a perch near the log fireplace in the lodge .
But some brave ski souls just can't scratch the adventure itch with the offerings provided .
Instead , they crave uncharted territories to " drop in " on .
Hans Gmoser knew that feeling .
In 1955 , Gmoser began flying airplanes full of skiers to remote Canadian glaciers , allowing them to ski in the summertime .
Soon , more guides were airlifting skiers to hard - to - reach spots all around the world .
If you could afford it , the destination was a skier 's paradise : unskied terrain , untouched powder , and a course that reveals itself with each new drop and turn .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Gmoser 's operation gave skiers access to the ridges and runs of the Canadian Rockies , and the locale still boasts the vast majority of heli ski guides and operators worldwide .
Around the mid-1950s , airborne ski guides made the switch from airplanes to helicopters .
While airplanes were becoming easier to land on short runways , those flat runways were still a requirement .
Also , while planes could carry more people , helicopters could get them atop the narrow , sky - kissed ridges that skiers craved .
Helicopters could also easily land beside wooded areas where skiers liked to explore .
Finally , when it came to landing in a valley or gorge , helicopters held a distinct advantage .
By the 1960s , Gmoser himself had switched to helicopters , and by the mid-1970s , he was building " heli- lodges " that could accommodate 44 people .
It 's not an arbitrary number -- Gmoser 's helicopters could carry 11 people and make four trips a day .
Heli skiing has continued to grow in popularity , with new heli ski opportunities continuing to crop up around the world to meet the demand of the approximately 20,000 skiers each year who choose to make their ascents via helicopter .
The sport offers at least one benefit to guides and tour operators :
While certain conditions and accessibility needs must be fulfilled to build a ski resort , heli skiers can be dropped in on nearly unlimited mountain ridges .
This does n't come cheap , however : Weekend trips can cost as much as $ 5,000 , while full - week trips can run as much as $ 10,000 .
Next we 'll learn the basics about heli skiing skills .
Goofs
When Dysart hands Robbins a pair of Molotov Cocktails , he says they were invented by a man named " Sergei Molotov " .
This is , in fact , incorrect .
The Molotov Cocktail was first used in the Spanish Civil War ( 1936 - 1939 ) before actually gaining this name in the Winter War ( 1939 ) between Finland and the Soviet Union .
The Finns used this incendiary weapon to great affect against the Soviets and gave it the name the " Molotov Cocktail " as an insult directed towards the Soviet foreign minister , Vyacheslav Molotov .
No one named Sergei was involved in the making of the weapon .
See more
A Metropolitan Police officer has pleaded guilty to misconduct after he had sex on duty with a woman he was meant to be helping .
Pc James Formby , 31 , and a colleague responded to a suspected domestic abuse incident in Bromley last September .
He stayed with the woman while a man was taken to a police station .
He engaged in sexual activity with the woman , who had been drinking .
Formby , who has been suspended from the force , will be sentenced on 1 March .
The officer , based at Bromley Police station , pleaded guilty to one charge of misconduct in public office at Southwark Crown Court on Tuesday .
' Vulnerable and scared '
The investigation was carried out by the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) following a referral from the Met .
IPCC Commissioner Rachel Cerfontyne said : " Police officers hold a unique position of trust in the eyes of the public and it is disgraceful that Pc Formby abused that trust in this case .
" He should have been supporting a woman who was vulnerable and scared , but instead he exploited the situation and his behaviour was completely inappropriate . "
A police spokesman said Pc Formby had been suspended pending disciplinary hearings , which will take place after sentencing .
Det Insp Ralph Hyde , from the Directorate of Professional Standards ( DPS ) , said : " Officers from the Met 's DPS conducted a thorough investigation which was managed by the IPCC .
" Undoubtedly it is at least partly as a result of this thorough investigation that today 's guilty plea was given .
" It is important to remember that the majority of officers and staff act with professionalism and integrity . "
Arsenal have a goalkeeper crisis but ex-Gunner Jens Lehmann still walks tall
Mad Jens : Stuttgart ' keeper Jens Lehmann
On Mercedesstrasse , in downtown Stuttgart , underneath one of those city centre flyovers that used to be called futuristic , a smile begins to crack across the face of Jens Lehmann .
As it widens , Lehmann says : ‘ Fan-tastic !
I realised that day how fantastic football in England was .
I called home and said , “ It ’s fantastic , the people here punch and push each other and they do n’t even get booked ! ” Fan-tastic .’
The smile stayed .
Lehmann was rewinding to September 2003 , to only his eighth Arsenal game , to Old Trafford , to Ruud van Nistelrooy , Martin Keown , Patrick Vieira ’s red card and one of the dust - ups of the decade .
Now 40 , Lehmann is into the last four months of a 22 - year career .
He is starting an appraisal .
‘ Man U won a penalty on a dive by Van Nistelrooy , ’ says Lehmann .
‘ All of a sudden there was a big clash of players and everybody punched each other .
‘ But the referee did n’t book anyone !
' So Van Nistelrooy had this chance to score in the 88th minute and he ’d never failed before from the spot .
But this time he hit the crossbar .
The game ended 0 - 0 .
‘ About three days later I realised there was this big inquiry into the incident .
I think three from United got suspended and four of us . ’
Lehmann laughs at his lack of awareness .
All but one of his previous 15 professional years had been spent in the Bundesliga , so it was forgivable .
England was new and , even if he sometimes gave the opposite impression , Lehmann loved it .
Arsene Wenger pulled off one of his shock transfers when he acquired the German a couple of months before that Old Trafford furore .
Clash : Martin Keown clashes with Ruud van Nistelrooy in Lehmann 's first season
Lehmann , then 33 , was signed for £ 1.2 million from Borussia Dortmund as David Seaman ’s successor and England soon got to know the eccentric character Arsenal players referred to as ‘ Mad Jens ’ .
But Wenger ’s choice was quickly vindicated .
In his first season Lehmann became an ‘ Invincible ’ , going the entire League campaign undefeated .
The reason he was talking about that match at United was because that was the closest he feels Arsenal came to losing .
In fact , it was United who were later to end that record - breaking run of 49 unbeaten games .
Relishing memories of the bust - up , he adds : ‘ A year later there was “ Pizzagate ” .
We lost to a Rooney dive .
I was in the tunnel , of course , and I saw ... I ca n’t tell you what I saw .
Ferguson was , eh ...
‘ I ’m writing a book .
So I ’m keeping that .
It ’s due in May .
But I do n’t want to hurt myself .
I have a decision : if I never , ever want to work in football again , I can write a great book .
' But , just in case I want to stay in the game , I can soften it .
The decision has n’t been made .
‘ Arsene Wenger does n’t need to fear anything .
He already knows I ’m angry because he did n’t pick me in my last year — but only on a professional basis . ’
Adored : Arsenal fans loved their eccentric goalkeeper and paid him a massive tribute on his final game for the club in 2007
In fact , after Lukasz Fabianski ’s Porto debacle , the Arsenal boss may feel he has not yet replaced Lehmann , whose birth certificate must come with a question mark .
As the Invincibles ’ season confirms , his is a career of regular high achievement .
Lehmann has won league titles in England , Germany and Italy , where he was with AC Milan for a season .
He has won the UEFA Cup and the FA Cup .
He has played in European Championships and World Cups for Germany , won 61 caps and appeared , albeit briefly , in a European Cup final .
But when we think of Lehmann it is Mad Jens , not medals , that comes to mind .
It felt like a rude place to take the conversation , but what does Lehmann think of this overshadowing reputation for eccentricity ?
‘ Spot on , ’ is the snappy reply .
It was not the expected answer .
But then Lehmann ’s unpredictability is established .
Stuttgart host Barcelona in the first leg of the last 16 of the Champions League on Tuesday .
It is the first time Lehmann has faced them since the 2006 final in Paris , when he was sent off after 18 minutes for a foul on Samuel Eto’o .
Arsenal lost 2 - 1 .
‘ I had some bad feelings about myself , ’ he says of the incident .
‘ It was spur of the moment , me stretching out to touch Eto ’o , and you ca n’t reverse it . ’
Yet we need to go back a mere three months , to Stuttgart ’s last Champions League group game against Unirea Urziceni , for Lehmann ’s last controversy , or alleged controversy , as he sees it .
Low ebb : Lehmann brings down Barcelona 's Samuel Eto'o in the Champions League Final ( above ) and gets sent off ( below )
During the match , he was caught short , leapt over an advertising hoarding and relieved himself .
Then he ran back into position as the opposition attacked .
It was Sunday League stuff .
Germany was staggered — ‘ Pee- peegate ’ .
The country was just getting over him taking a helicopter to training .
Others are probably still talking about his Shilton - Clemence rivalry with Oliver Kahn for the national jersey .
As he has got older the noise surrounding Lehmann has increased , not faded .
So how was his Unirea - urinal activity regarded ?
' It was regarded as worth reporting , ’ Lehmann says dismissively , the only time he cools .
‘ It is what it is .
Sometimes things that happen to me are perceived as being eccentric .
' Those things happen to other people , but in my case those things are highlighted more .
I have to cope with that .
‘ Sometimes the media here are over the top .
There are not a lot of personalities in the German league .
I underestimated that .
International rivals : Lehmann ( above ) kept Oliver Kahn ( below ) out of the German team for the 2006 World Cup
‘ There are many big stars in England , in and outside football , particularly in London .
I was small there , which I really appreciated .
But after the last World Cup my image here changed , to that of a hero .
I underestimated that .’
Lehmann ’s excellence in the World Cup quarter - final shoot - out against Argentina — he had made notes on their takers ’ preferences — enabled him to make saves which altered his image at home .
That took some doing .
As a young keeper at Schalke he had once been replaced at half - time after being booed .
Lehmann left the ground , borrowed some money and took the tram home .
‘ It was a complete humiliation , ’ he says .
After Milan , whom he regrets leaving too soon — ‘ they told me to be patient ; I was n’t ’ — he joined Schalke rivals Borussia Dortmund .
‘ In Dortmund I had to experience really bad things , ’ he recalls .
‘ I was targeted in my private life by some people .
That was n’t easy .
They insulted my wife , me , my new - born child .
' I was so angry I could have ... but when we won the title and got to the UEFA Cup final , most understood I gave everything . ’
In Germany ’s defence , understanding Lehmann is not straightforward .
He says he may not retire in May — ‘ look at Michael Schumacher ’ — though he adds of his unpredictability : ‘ What I think you can say that is predictable is my performance .
I ’ve been consistent .
‘ In all the teams I ’ve played in , we have won something , except for Stuttgart and we ’re still in the Champions League . ’
He laughs again .
Stuttgart are ninth in the Bundesliga , Barcelona are European champions .
' It ’s possible !
There ’s a chance . ’
And , with Jens Lehmann , you never know .
Brain researcher Hiroshi Kawabe has discovered the workings of a process that had been completely overlooked until now , and that allows nerve cells in the brain to grow and form complex networks .
The study , which has now been published in the journal Neuron , shows that an enzyme which usually controls the destruction of protein components has an unexpected function in nerve cells : it controls the structure of the cytoskeleton and thus ensures that nerve cells can form the tree - like extensions that are necessary for signal transmission in the brain .
In order to be able to receive signals from other cells , nerve cells form complex extensions called dendrites ( from the Greek ' dendron ' meaning tree ) .
The growth of dendrites in the human brain takes place mainly during late embryonic and infantile brain development .
During this phase , dendrites , with a total length of many hundred kilometres , grow from the 100 billion nerve cells in our brain .
The result is a highly - complex network of nerve cells that controls all bodily functions -- from breathing to complicated learning processes .
In order that this incredible growth phase of brain development does not lead to chaos , the growth of the dendrites must be accurately controlled .
In fact , a large number of signal processes control the direction and the speed of dendrite growth by influencing the structure of the cytoskeleton , which is inside the growing dendrite and responsible for its shape and extension .
The Göttingen - based brain researcher Hiroshi Kawabe has now discovered exactly how the growth of the cytoskeleton is controlled during the dendrite development .
Using specially bred genetically engineered mice , the Japanese guest scientist , who conducts research at the Max Planck Institute for Experimental Medicine , discovered that the Nedd4 - 1 enzyme is essential for regular dendrite growth .
Nedd4 - 1 is an enzyme that usually controls the degradation of protein components in cells by combining them with another protein called ubiquitin .
The cell identifies these ubiquitinated molecules as " waste " and degrades them .
In some cases , however , the ubiquitination does not lead to the degradation of the marked protein but changes its function instead .
Nedd4 - 1 prevents degradation of the cytoskeleton
Hiroshi Kawabe has now shown that the Nedd4 - 1 enzyme ubiquitinates a signal protein called Rap2 , and thus prevents it causing the dismemberment of the cytoskeleton and the collapse of the dendrites .
" As long as Nedd4 - 1 is active , the nerve cell dendrites can grow normally , " reports Kawabe .
" In its absence , the dendrite growth comes to a standstill and previously formed dendrites collapse , with dramatic consequences for the function of nerve cell networks in the brain . "
There are , however , probably a number of parallel operating signal paths which control the dendrite growth .
This explains why nerve cells can also form dendrites without Nedd4 - 1 -- albeit significantly fewer in number and shorter .
The Nedd4 / Rap2/TNIK mechanism would then be only one of several that can partially compensate each other .
Kawabe 's discovery provides important new insight into the mechanisms which control the development of the brain .
" What is surprising is that no - one has investigated this before , " says the Japanese biochemist .
Scientists have long been aware that Nedd4 - 1 is one of the most prevalent ubiquitination enzymes in nerve cells and is produced with great frequency in the developmental phase when nerve cells grow and form their dendrites .
As Kawabe points out , the function of Nedd4 - 1 has already been investigated in dozens of studies .
" But very little work has been carried out on its role in nerve cell development , which would have been the obvious thing to do . "
Organisations can be proscribed under the Terrorism
Act if they " commit or participate in acts of terrorism , prepare for , promote or encourage terrorism or are otherwise concerned in terrorism " or if they " unlawfully glorify the commission or preparation of acts of terrorism " .
But proscription is the easy option .
A tougher one would require greater political will than we have seen hitherto .
If there is evidence of direct terrorist involvement , then the organisers should be prosecuted : there are treason laws that can be used against British citizens who give " aid and comfort " to our enemies .
At the very least , we should not be paying them benefits ; and any member who is not a British subject should be deported .
It is bizarre that we are proscribing organisations for their alleged connection to terrorist activity , yet allow those among their membership who are not British to stay in the country lest we infringe their human rights .
The security service MI5 will have to address searching questions over its credibility following today 's judgment and the withering criticisms of the service that emerged in court .
For years the security and intelligence agencies , backed up by the government , have insisted that they have no truck with torture .
Jonathan Evans , the head of MI5 , stated last October : " I can say quite clearly that the Security Service does not torture people , nor do we collude in torture or solicit others to torture people on our behalf . "
In today 's judgment , however , the Master of the Rolls , Lord Neuberger , flatly contradicted these assertions .
Instead , MI5 was said to have been suppressing information and providing MPs with misleading evidence .
In short , Neuberger doubted that MI5 's assurances could be trusted .
William Hague , the shadow foreign secretary , said the dramatic revelations showed there was " an urgent need to draw a line under this episode and restore British moral authority in the matter of allegations of complicity in torture " .
He called on ministers " to assure the country that any other credible allegations of British complicity in torture are being fully investigated " .
Andrew Tyrie , the chairman of the all party parliamentary group on extraordinary rendition , added : " This court ruling adds to the drip - drip of damaging information on the UK government 's involvement in rendition , at great cost to the UK 's credibility , to the morale of our security services , and to relations with our allies . "
In the past the foreign secretary , David Miliband , has tried to address what security and intelligence officers describe as an acute dilemma .
" It is not possible to eradicate the risk of mistreatment .
A judgment needs to be made , " Miliband told MPs .
" We can not act in isolation in order to protect British citizens . "
British security and intelligence officials say that in the fight against international terrorism they have no choice but to cooperate with their counterparts in other countries , such as Pakistan or Saudi Arabia .
A grey area exists and in recent years there has been a stream of allegations relating to MI5 knowledge of the ill treatment of detainees in Pakistan , Egypt , Bangladesh , and elsewhere .
But as the Binyam Mohamed case has shown , the US has presented a unique problem , because neither MI5 nor MI6 like arguing with the security and intelligence agencies of Britain 's closest ally .
Since September 11 Britain has connived , wittingly or otherwise , in the secret rendition by the CIA of British residents and others .
Mohamed was not the only case .
Miliband has had to admit that , contrary to earlier assurances , CIA flights carrying terror suspects for secret interrogation had twice landed on the British Indian Ocean territory of Diego Garcia .
Following a number of reports in the media , the cross-party parliamentary intelligence and security committee described in 2007 how MI5 contributed to the seizure of two British residents by the CIA , which secretly flew them to Guantánamo Bay in a move with " serious implications for the intelligence relationship " between Britain and the US .
The Security Service passed information to the Americans on Bisher al - Rawi , an Iraqi , and Jamil el - Banna , from Jordan , as they flew to the Gambia to set up a business there in 2002 .
Both men had lived in Britain for many years .
MI5 alerted the CIA to their trip to Gambia .
The CIA ignored MI5 's request that they should not be seized .
Both MI5 and MI6 were " slow to appreciate " the post - September 11 change in US policy , the intelligence and security committee said .
Evidence , from the committee 's reports and elsewhere , shows that MI5 , MI6 , and military intelligence officers were not trained properly or advised about Britain 's domestic and international obligations in law , including the Geneva conventions .
The government has refused to publish the guidelines distributed to MI5 , MI6 , and military intelligence officers at the time .
It has recently drawn up new guidelines , which it has now passed to the intelligence and security committee .
It is unclear what advice Witness B , the MI5 officer being investigated by the Metropolitan police for " possible criminal wrongdoing " in connection with Mohamed 's interrogations in Pakistan , received from other MI5 officers .
The high court made it clear in earlier hearings that more officers were involved .
Mohamed himself has suggested Witness B is a scapegoat .
The government , meanwhile , says that MI5 , MI6 and the police should be able to withhold evidence from defendants and their lawyers in civil cases for the first time .
The move was prompted by claims by seven British citizens and residents that they were ill - treated , and in some cases tortured , in Guantánamo Bay with the knowledge of Britain 's intelligence agencies .
The government has admitted that British intelligence officers interrogated a Briton at least five times while he was held in leg cuffs at Guantánamo .
Explore websites produced by the National Cattlemen 's Beef Association ; funded by membership dues and other non-Checkoff funding sources .
View
1 package extra -firm tofu
1 small ( or enough to make up 1 small ) potato -- we used purple fingerlings , kept the skins on
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
3 tablespoons nutritional yeast
1/4 cup sesame seeds
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 teaspoon curry powder
1 teaspoon cumin powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
Pepper to taste
2 squares of cheese -- your choice -- the place in the center of patties
Blend the tofu and potatoes together in a food processor and blender until well combined .
It may be easier to first chop up the potatoes so they blend more easily ( we used fingerling ones , so it was n't an issue ) .
Transfer the mix to a large bowl with the remaining ingredients .
Mix well .
Form into 4 large patties ( or however many depending on what you plan to do with the mix ) .
Put on a sheet covered with wax paper so it does n't stick .
Put the cheese on one patty . . . and then cover with another patty and press the edges together to encase the cheese inside .
Repeat with the other two .
In a frying pan ( greased with olive oil ) over medium - high heat , fry the burgers until golden brown .
We also covered ours at points so we'd be sure the cheese would melt .
Two buns ( or we used mini sourdough rounds )
1 large avocado
Grainy mustard
Sweet potato fries
Sliced cheese ( Stephen used Swiss and I used some hot sauce specialty kind .
Whatever you love will work . )
Some of you who follow us on Twitter may already know what 's up .
For the rest of you :
We created yet another mammoth , jaw - busting beast this weekend . . . a Juicy Lucy sandwich that might just put THE LOVER to shame .
What exactly is a Juicy Lucy ?
Well , we first learned about it on one of our all - time favorite shows , Man versus Food .
In short , it 's a gigantic stacked burger with cheese baked into the meat ( in our case , tofu ) patties .
A more detailed explanation follows ( from Wikipedia ) : Exhibit A: Our version , as you may have learned above , is layered with tons of great stuff .
Starting with a hefty sourdough roll , a bed of sweet potato fries , the meat of the whole thing -- two tofu burger patties with melted cheese in the middle , then a generous serving of mashed avocado , some grainy mustard ( with whiskey ! ) , and the top of the sourdough roll .
To make the ( which would also be great on a " regular " sandwich ) , you 'll need . . . Pile everything -- high .
Enjoy !
And be sure to check out the details about ourof Martha Stewart 's Cooking School cookbook -- to celebrate 500 ( and now 574 ) followers :)
Automotive Recalls and Technical Service Bulletins , Year Selection
Automotive Recalls and Technical Service Bulletins are listed by Year , Make , Model and Engine Option .
Select a Year , then a Manufacturer , to see a list of Recalls and Technical Service Bulletins ( TSB ) for your car or truck .
1966
1967
1968
1969
1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
Self - referencing many - to - many through
Django's ManyToMany through attribute allows you to describe relationships between objects .
I 've written a post about this - ( Describing Relationships , Django's ManyToMany Through ) - and so I wo n't cover here the details of its implementation or usage .
What I want to talk about in this post is how to create ManyToMany relationships between objects of the same kind , and more than that , to show how those relationships can be described using through models .
Asymmetrical Relationships - the Twitter model
On twitter you follow people .
Maybe some people follow you , but the relationships are all in one direction , asymmetrical .
In Django you can implement this using a ManyToMany relationship .
We do n't need a special through model for this , but suppose we wanted to attach some metadata to those relationships .
Below is sample code for a twitter - style database of people and their relationships with one another .
The relationships carry a status column denoting whether a particular user is following another or blocking another :
class Person ( models .
Model ) : name = models .
CharField ( max_length = 100 ) relationships = models .
ManyToManyField ( ' self ' , through = ' Relationship ' , symmetrical = False , related_name = ' related_to ' ) def __unicode__ ( self ) : return self .
name RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING
= 1 RELATIONSHIP_BLOCKED = 2 RELATIONSHIP_STATUSES
= ( ( RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING , ' Following ' ) , ( RELATIONSHIP_BLOCKED , ' Blocked ' ) , ) class Relationship ( models .
Model ) : from_person = models .
ForeignKey ( Person , related_name = ' from_people ' ) to_person = models .
ForeignKey ( Person , related_name = ' to_people ' ) status = models .
IntegerField ( choices = RELATIONSHIP_STATUSES
)
Taking a look at the models , what 's important to note is that on the Person model I 've created a ManyToMany to self through Relationship .
The attribute asymmetrical is True , but when you 're using intermediary models in Django this is a must because Django wo n't know exactly how to describe the other side of relationship since the through model may have any number of fields besides ForeignKeys .
Which brings up the next model , Relationship .
Relationship has two foreign keys to Person , and a status , which indicates the type of relationship ' from_person ' has to ' to_person ' .
Now , let 's add some methods to the Person model to make it easier to talk about how these relationships can be used :
def add_relationship ( self , person , status ) : relationship , created = Relationship .
objects .
get_or_create ( from_person = self , to_person = person , status = status ) return relationship def remove_relationship ( self , person , status ) : Relationship .
objects . filter ( from_person = self , to_person = person , status = status ) . delete ( ) return
Adding and removing relationships requires no magic - we can deal directly with the Relationship model and create or delete instances of it .
If we wanted to find out who is following a user , though , it 's sort of obnoxious to query Relationship and then extract the people from the returned queryset .
This is where the ManyToMany comes in .
We can query the ' relationships ' ( and its partner ' related_to ' ) to look at Relationship objects and return the people they refer to .
Here are some more methods for the Person model :
def get_relationships ( self , status ) : return self .
relationships .
filter ( to_people__status = status , to_people__from_person = self ) def get_related_to ( self , status ) : return self .
related_to .
filter ( from_people__status = status , from_people__to_person = self ) def get_following ( self ) : return self .
get_relationships ( RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING
) def get_followers ( self ) : return self .
get_related_to ( RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING
)
Looking at the actual SQL helps me understand what these ORM incantations actually mean .
Creating a relationship between two users is a simple INSERT into the relationships table .
But reading relationships out and referring them back to people in a meaningful and efficient way is the biggest win of using the ManyToMany .
Here is the SQL for getting who a person is following :
SELECT twitter_person . id , twitter_person .
name FROM twitter_person INNER JOIN twitter_relationship ON ( twitter_person . id = twitter_relationship .
to_person_id ) WHERE ( twitter_relationship .
from_person_id = 1 AND twitter_relationship . status = 1 )
This is opposed to what the ORM would run if we got a Relationship queryset and then iterated over it to find out who the ' to_user ' was :
SELECT twitter_relationship . id , twitter_relationship .
from_person_id , twitter_relationship .
to_person_id , twitter_relationship .
status FROM twitter_relationship WHERE ( twitter_relationship .
status = 1 AND twitter_relationship . from_person_id = 1 ) -- followed by this for every twitter user returned : SELECT * FROM twitter_person WHERE id = X
It 's generally much more efficient to use the JOIN and execute just one query .
The ' get_relationships ' and ' get_related_to ' are simple wrappers around filter which creates the appropriate query .
Here 's an example of what you might do :
In [ 1 ] : from twitter .
models import Person In [ 2 ] : john = Person.objects.create(name= ' John ') In [ 3 ] : paul = Person.objects.create(name= ' Paul ') In [ 4 ] : from twitter .
models import RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING
In [ 5 ] : john.add_relationship(paul , RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING ) Out [ 5 ] : < Relationship : Relationship object > In [ 6 ] : john.get_following ( ) Out [ 6 ] : [< Person : Paul > ]
In [ 7 ] : paul.get_followers ( ) Out [ 7 ] : [< Person : John > ]
In [ 8 ] : paul.add_relationship(john , RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING ) Out [ 8 ] : < Relationship : Relationship object > In [ 9 ] : paul.get_following ( ) Out [ 9 ] : [< Person : John > ]
In [ 10 ] : yoko = Person.objects.create(name= ' Yoko ')
In [ 11 ] : john.add_relationship( yoko , RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING ) Out [ 11 ] : < Relationship : Relationship object > In [ 12 ] : paul.remove_relationship(john , RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING )
In [ 13 ] : john.get_following () Out [ 13 ] : [< Person : Paul > , < Person : Yoko > ]
In [ 14 ] : paul.get_following () Out [ 14 ] : [ ]
Now , let 's add one more thing to the mix .
Say that if two people are following eachother , we 'll call them ' friends ' .
How you would implement this is by combining the two queries for get_followers and get_following :
def get_friends ( self ) : return self .
relationships .
filter ( to_people__status = RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING
, to_people__from_person = self , from_people__status = RELATIONSHIP_FOLLOWING , from_people__to_person = self )
Symmetrical Relationships - the Facebook model
Django's ManyToManyField allows you to specify a ' symmetrical ' attribute , but you cannot use this when also specifying a ' through ' model .
We can actually use most of the model definitions from above -- the only change will be to the ManyToMany field :
class Person ( models .
Model ) : name = models .
CharField ( max_length = 100 ) relationships = models .
ManyToManyField ( ' self ' , through = ' Relationship ' , symmetrical = False , related_name = ' related_to + ' )
It 's hard to spot the difference .
Note the plus - sign at the end of related_name .
This indicates to Django that the reverse relationship should not be exposed .
Since the relationships are symmetrical , this is the desired behavior , after all , if I am friends with person A , then person A is friends with me .
Django wo n't create the symmetrical relationships for you , so a bit needs to get added to the add_relationship and remove_relationship methods to explicitly handle the other side of the relationship :
def add_relationship ( self , person , status , symm = True ) : relationship , created = Relationship .
objects .
get_or_create ( from_person = self , to_person = person , status = status ) if symm : # avoid recursion by passing `symm=False` person .
add_relationship ( self , status , False ) return relationship def remove_relationship ( self , person , status , symm = True ) : Relationship .
objects . filter ( from_person = self , to_person = person , status = status ) . delete ( ) if symm : # avoid recursion by passing `symm=False` person .
remove_relationship ( self , status , False )
Now , whenever we create a relationship going one way , its complement is created ( or removed ) .
Since the relationships go in both directions , we can get rid of the following / followers stuff and simply use :
def get_relationships ( self , status ) : return self .
relationships .
filter ( to_people__status = status , to_people__from_person = self )
Using it in the admin
You may want to use access the Relationships in the context of a Person in the admin .
Since the Relationship model has two foreign keys to Person , the underlying code that instantiates the inlines will blow up unless you specify a ForeignKey to use .
Here 's how to make it work :
# admin.py from django.contrib import admin from twitter .
models import Person , Relationship class RelationshipInline ( admin .
StackedInline ) : model = Relationship fk_name = ' from_person ' class PersonAdmin ( admin .
ModelAdmin ) : inlines = [ RelationshipInline ] admin . site .
register ( Person , PersonAdmin )
Doing other cool stuff
The pattern here can be used to do a lot more than just describe who 's friends with who .
One possible improvement is to normalize status types into its own proper model , so status - types can be defined more dynamically .
You could even make a Relationship 's status a ManyToMany itself .
Another possible use would be if you had a tree - like structure but wanted to describe relationships between Nodes that may not be direct descendants of one another .
Anyways , that 's about it for this post - I hope you found it useful !
Relationships App
Commenting has been closed , but please feel free to contact me
February 19 , 2010 , New York –
In response to the release of the Justice Department ’s Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR ) report on the conduct of the lawyers involved in crafting and providing legal cover for the illegal torture program , the Center for Constitutional Rights issued the following statement :
At first look , the long - awaited OPR report makes it abundantly clear that the decisions about the torture program took place at the highest level , and the damning description of the program further show that the torture memos were written to order by the lawyers from the Office of Legal Counsel who played a key role in creating the program .
The report underscores the need for a more thorough investigation that has more scope and powers to follow the evidence .
Among others , the lawyers John Yoo , Jay Bybee and Steven Bradbury have caused incalculable damage to our country and to thousands of victims as a result of the twisted legal advice they provided while at the Office of Legal Counsel .
The OLC opinions were intended to provide legal cover for what everyone knew was illegal conduct .
They advised the establishment of the prison at Guantanamo outside the law through the purposeful evasion of the Geneva Conventions and they advised the creation of a secret detention network for “ enhanced interrogations ” in flagrant violation of domestic and international law .
Once unthinkable , they authorized and justified torture , rendition and secret CIA detention , often in a hands - on manner so detailed that it gives the lie to the notion they were giving abstract legal advice rather than making policy decisions to use torture
Ultimately Jay Bybee must be impeached , tried and removed from his seat as a federal judge on the 9th Circuit , but he should have the decency to resign immediately .
While the OPR should have recommended state bar associations professionally sanction the attorneys for ethics violations , and it is clear these men should be disbarred and prevented from ever practicing law again , we call on Attorney General Eric Holder to order these men criminally investigated by an independent special prosecutor who is allowed to follow the facts where they lead , all the way up the chain of command .
We further call on the state bar associations , who are in no way bound by the conclusions of the report , to sanction the torture lawyers .
In addition , we demand that the OLC and CIA release the all of the records CCR is seeking with co-counsel through the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) in Amnesty International , CCR , et al. v. CIA , about the CIA ’s torture , rendition and secret detention practices .
The time has come for the public to see all of the documents that show the role these lawyers played in fashioning one of the most shameful sets of practices ever to emanate from Washington .
A review of the OPR Report further confirms the illegal nature of the CIA ’s practices ; the government cannot abuse the FOIA to conceal these illegal or embarrassing government actions .
To read the OPR Report click here .
CCR has led the legal battle over Guantanamo for the last eight years – sending the first ever habeas attorney to the base and sending the first attorney to meet with a former CIA “ ghost detainee ” there .
CCR has been responsible for organizing and coordinating more than 500 pro bono lawyers across the country in order to represent the men at Guantanamo , ensuring that nearly all have the option of legal representation .
In addition , CCR has been working to resettle the approximately 60 men who remain at Guantánamo because they cannot return to their country of origin for fear of persecution and torture .
CCR also has several lawsuits representing men who were tortured and abused or died in U.S. custody .
The watch this guy 's wearing was made by Armatix , the same company who designed his high - tech gun .
Poor fellow can't ditch the ugly accessory though , because the $ 10,000 weapon wo n't fire without it .
Advertisement
Basically the gun is disarmed and a red LED lights up unless the corresponding watch is close enough to send a wireless signal .
While I really do n't see a high demand for it , Armatix 's . 22 cal weapon will be shipping next month for 7,000 euro , which is just under 10 k in Washingtons .
The watch is probably included .
[ Wired ]
Bishop could face the death penalty if convicted of murder , reports said
A biology professor denied a job promotion has been charged with murder after a shooting at a southern US university left three people dead .
Amy Bishop was apprehended outside a science building at the University of Alabama in Huntsville campus after opening fire at a faculty meeting .
She could face the death penalty if convicted , officials said .
Reports said her husband was also being questioned .
US educational sites have seen numerous fatal shooting attacks in recent years .
The most serious occurred at Virginia Tech University in 2007 , when a student killed 32 people before turning the gun on himself .
Harvard - educated
Local media reports in Huntsville say the shooting happened after Prof Bishop found out she had been denied academic tenure , which guarantees job security .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
University spokesman Ray Garner said the three killed were the head of department and two other professors .
No students were harmed in the incident .
Two of the three injured , also biology department members , are said to be in a critical condition in hospital .
The third was reportedly in a " fair " condition .
The Huntsville campus in northern Alabama has about 7,500 students .
Prof Bishop is a neurobiologist who studied at Harvard University .
She had joined the biology faculty as an assistant professor in 2003 .
Pennsylvania district accused of using remote - control laptops to photograph teenage students at home without their knowledge
A school district in Pennsylvania spied on students through web cameras installed on laptops provided by the district , according to a class action lawsuit filed this week .
Lower Merion school district , in a well - heeled suburb of Philadelphia , provided 2,300 high - school students with Mac laptops last autumn in what its superintendent , Christopher McGinley , described as an effort to establish a " mobile , 21st - century learning environment " .
The scheme was funded with $ 720,000 ( £ 468,000 ) in state grants and other sources .
The students were not allowed to install video games and other software , and were barred from " commercial , illegal , unethical and inappropriate " use .
The district retained remote control of the built - in webcams installed on the computers – and used them to capture images of the students , according to a lawsuit filed in federal court this week .
The ruse was revealed when Blake Robbins , a student at Harriton high school , was hauled into the assistant principal Lindy Matsko's office , shown a photograph taken on the laptop in his home and disciplined for " improper behaviour " .
According to Robbins , Matsko said the school had retained the ability to activate the laptop webcams remotely , at any time .
Backed by his parents , Robbins filed a lawsuit on behalf of all students provided with laptops by the school .
The suit claims a violation of the privacy and civil rights of the students and their families and accuses officials of violating electronic communications laws by spying on them through " indiscriminate use of an ability to remotely activate the webcams incorporated into each laptop " .
It claims that since the laptops were used by students and their friends and family at home , images of " compromising or embarrassing positions , including ... in various states of undress " have been captured .
A school district spokesman , Douglas Young , did not return a call seeking comment , but told the Philadelphia Inquirer the district was investigating .
" We 're taking it very seriously , " he said .
In a letter posted on the school district 's website , McGinley said the district had installed on the laptops a security feature that allowed the webcam to photograph the computer operator in the event the laptop is lost or stolen .
He said that following the suit 's filing , the district disabled the feature amidst a review of technology and privacy policies .
He said the feature was activated only to help locate a lost or stolen laptop .
" The district never activated the security feature for any other purpose or in any other manner whatsoever , " he wrote .
" We regret if this situation has caused any concern or inconvenience among our students and families . "
I received this email from a friend .
I ca n’t attest to the full story , but the photos seem to speak for themselves .
Here is the text of the email :
I come in peace , unbelievable piece of photo journalism - real life events …
Norbert Rosing ’s striking images of a wild polar bear coming upon tethered sled dogs in the wilds of Canada ’s Hudson Bay .
The photographer was sure he was going to see the end of his dogs when the wild polar bear wandered in .
It ’s hard to believe the bear only wanted to hug someone .
The bear returned every night that week to play with the dogs .
Thanks to chuck for forwarding this additional montage of this amazing encounter .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
A drug derived from marijuana , tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , formulated in sesame oil and encapsulated in soft gelatin capsules ( Marinol ( R ) ; Roxane ) , is currently available as a prescription drug for the treatment of two diseases or conditions .
It is indicated for the treatment of nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy , and for the AIDS wasting syndrome .
The marijuana plant in smokeable form is available to ten patients in the United States for disorders such as glaucoma , spasticity , and the wasting syndrome .
Each of these drug delivery systems , oral capsules and smokeable plant , has advantages and disadvantages , and each may be appropriate in particular circumstances .
However , a drug delivery system that combines the rapid and reliable onset and ability to easily titrate an ingested dose ( such as occurs by smoking marijuana cigarettes ) with the least health risk ( such as occurs by oral ingestion of capsules ) would also be desirable .
The use of water - filtered marijuana smoke , as produced by a water pipe , is one little - explored alternative .
This article reviews some of the scientific work that has been done regarding the effects of water filtration on the composition and effects of marijuana and tobacco smoke .
While most of the research on water filtration has focused on tobacco smoke , the work with marijuana smoke has revealed that , except for their respective psychoactive components ( nicotine and cannabinoids ) , both smokes share many common constituents and physical properties .
Many of the results obtained from studies of tobacco smoke are applicable to marijuana smoke .
In the late 1970's , a group based at the University of Athens Medical School ( Greece ) conducted a series of chemical and pharmacological studies on marijuana and tobacco smoke .
1- 4
These scientists tested smoke that had been filtered through a water pipe and also tested the water itself , which contained both soluble and insoluble compounds .
Chemical analysis revealed many different compounds in the smoke and in the water , as expected from the combustion of plant materials .
The water did trap some THC , as well as other psychoactive compounds , however , most of the THC present in the marijuana passed through the water pipe unchanged .
Pharmacological tests ( in mice ) revealed that some of the water - trapped marijuana compounds were responsible for producing catatonia and for suppressing spontaneous motor activity .
In contrast , the water - filtered smoke itself did not affect spontaneous motor activity and did not induce catatonia , though it was richer in THC .
These results indicate that water filtration removes some behaviorally active compounds in preference to others ; this may be important when comparing the therapeutic effects of whole marijuana smoke to water - filtered smoke .
Research has shown that water filtration reduces both the amount of particulate matter and the number and quantity of toxic substances in the smoke that passes through it .
In a 1963 study by Hoffman et al . , 5 the water pipe was found to retain 90 % of the phenol and 50 % of the particulate matter and benzo - a - pyrene of the original tobacco smoke .
In another study , 6 tobacco smoke components that were passed through a water pipe showed only a minor hyperplasic reaction and no sebaceous gland destruction when they were painted onto mouse skin .
( The application of substances to mouse skin to assess carcinogenic potential is a classic toxicological test ; the induction of abnormal cell proliferation [ hyperplasia ] is a red flag . )
In contrast , tobacco smoke condensate that was not water - filtered induced strong hyperplasia and complete sebaceous gland destruction when applied to mouse skin in the same concentration .
Salem and Sami, 7 also using the mouse skin test , showed that there was a significant reduction of carcinogenic potential in water - filtered smoke compared to the water remaining in the pipe i.e. , the water - trapped material was more carcinogenic than the smoke that passed through it .
Indeed , when analyzed by thin layer chromatography , two carcinogenic agents were identified in the water itself , while only one was identified in the water filtered smoke .
Therefore , water filtration removes at least two known carcinogens that would normally be found in the smoke .
Recently , Dr. Gary Huber at the University of Texas and colleagues from Harvard 's School of Public Health conducted a cellular toxicity study of marijuana and tobacco smoke .
8
This research group showed that passing marijuana or tobacco smoke through water , or even exposing the smoke to a wetted surface of about 48 square inches , effectively removed substances ( acrolein and acetaldehyde ) which are toxic to alveolar macrophages .
Alveolar macrophages are one of the major defense cells of the lung and are an important component of the immune system .
When the macrophages were exposed to smoke that was not water filtered , there was a marked impairment of their capacity to kill bacteria .
When the smoke was water - filtered , however , there was no reduction in the bactericidal ability of the macrophages , suggesting that marijuana smoke that has been passed through sufficient water will have less impact on the immune system than marijuana smoke that has not been water - filtered .
This intriguing finding would be of particular importance when treating patients with the AIDS wasting syndrome .
The laboratory results discussed above parallel what is known from studying human tobacco - smoking populations .
Thus , there is substantial epidemiological evidence that among tobacco smokers , those who smoke through a water pipe have a much lower incidence of carcinoma than those who smoke cigarettes or smoke a " regular " pipe or cigars .
6,7,9,10
In summary , it appears that water filtration can be effective in removing components from marijuana smoke that are known toxicants , while allowing the THC to pass through relatively intact .
The effectiveness of toxicant removal is related to the smoke 's water contact area .
Specially designed water pipes , incorporating particulate filters and gas dispersion frits would likely be most effective in this regard ; the gas dispersion frit serves to break up the smoke into very fine bubbles , thereby increasing its water contact area .
While individuals vary greatly in their smoking technique , state of health , dosing regimen , and so on , it seems that many patients could benefit from the use of water pipes to deliver THC .
This would allow patients to titrate their dose easily while reducing the health hazard associated with smoke .
REFERENCES
1 ) Spronck , H.J.W. ; Salemink , C.A. ; Alikaridis , F. ; Papadakis , D. Pyrolysis of cannabinoids : a model experiment in the study of cannabis smoking .
Bulletin on Narcotics , 30 , 55 - 59 ( 1978 )
2 ) Alikaridis , Ph. ; Michael , C.M. ; Papadakis , D.P. ; Kephalas , T.A. ; Kiburis , J. Scientific Research on Cannabis .
No. 55 .
Chemical aspects of cannabis smoke produced through water pipes .
United Nations Secretariat ST / SOA / SER.S/55 , GE .
77-7339 , 1-9 ( 17 June 1977 )
3 ) Savaki, H.E. ; Cunha , J. ; Carlini, E.A. ; Kephalas , T.A. Pharmacological activity of three fractions obtained by smoking cannabis through a water pipe .
Bulletin on Narcotics , 28 , 49 - 56 ( 1976 )
4 ) Lazaratou , H. ; Moschovakis , A. ; Armagandis , A. ; Kapsambelis , V. ; Kiburis , J. ; Kephalas , T.A .
The pharmacological effect of fractions obtained by smoking cannabis through a water pipe .
II .
A second fractionation step .
Experientia , 36 , 1407 - 1408 ( 1980 )
5 ) Hoffman , D. ; Rathkamp , G. ; Wynder , E.L. Comparison of the yields of several selected components in the smoke from different tobacco products .
Journal of the National Cancer Institute , 31 , 627-635 ( 1963 )
6 ) Salem , E.S. Studies on special smoking patterns in Egypt. 5th World Conference on Smoking and Health , Winnipeg , Canada .
July 10 - 15 , 1983 .
Eds : Bola , P ; Wright , F.E .
7 ) Salem , E.S. ; Sami , A. Studies on pulmonary manifestations of goza smokers .
Chest , 65 , 599 ( 1974 )
8 ) Huber , G.L. ; First , M.W. ; Grubner , O. Marijuana and tobacco smoke gas - phase cytotoxins .
Pharmacology Biochemistry & Behavior , 40 , 629-636 ( 1991 )
9 ) Lubin , J.H. ; Li , J.-Y. ; Xuan , X. - Z. ; Cai, S.K. ; Luo , Q.-S. ; Yang , L.-F. ; Wang , J.- Z. ; Yang , L. ; Blot , W.J. Risk of lung cancer among cigarette and pipe smokers in Southern China .
International Journal of Cancer , 51 , 390-395 ( 1992 )
10 ) Srivastava , Y.C. Oral Leukoplakia .
International Surgery , 58 , 614-618 ( 1973 )
Acknowledgement :
This study was supported by a grant from MAPS
2105 Robinson Avenue
Sarasota FL 34232
email : st.maps@cybernetics.net ( Sylvia Thyssen , Network Coordinator )
Copyright © 1995 by Nicholas V. Cozzi , Ph.D.
This document may be freely copied and distributed , subject to the following limitations :
1 ) This document must be copied in its entirety , without modifications ;
2 ) This document may NOT be copied for commercial purposes .
Advertisements
The first part of Bill O’Reilly interview with Jon Stewart aired on FNC’s The O’Reilly Factor tonight , and when the topic to turned to Fox News ’ balance Stewart said , “ I think Fox in and of yourselves say that you are not a news organization all day … ”
Stewart consistently turned the tables on O’Reilly .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Stewart said , “ Here ’s what I believe Fox News is the most passionate and sells the clearest narrative of any news organization , if that ’s , are you still referring to it in that manner ?
Later he continued , “ I think Fox in and of yourselves say that you are not a news organization all day .
Is n’t now , you ’re news from 9 - 11 then you are opinion , then you ’re opinion , then you ’re news again from 1 - 2:30 , except on the Jewish holidays then you ’re not , and then on alternate parking days you ’re news , then on Christmas you ’re not . ”
O’Reilly compared Fox News to a newspaper , but Stewart rebutted , “ First of all , newspapers are a passive piece of paper that you go to and you know where the opinion is .
Television does n’t function that way , and you know it .
Stewart pointed out that Fox News does n’t clearly label their opinions .
Stewart asked Bill - O if he truly believed that Fox News is fair and balanced , and O’Reilly said that the hard news division is .
Stewart was running circles around O’Reilly , who was forced to mouth the same old Fox News talking points .
Of course , FNC does n’t clearly label their news and opinion , because the two intermix on a daily basis .
It ’s impossible to believe that a network that has an overarching ideology is able to run an objective news division .
This argument does not hold water .
As far as the separation of news and opinion is concerned , O’Reilly , Beck , and Hannity air on a network that it calls itself Fox News .
The network does not call these shows their opinion bloc .
They make no effort to differentiate .
In fact , they promote the opinion shows as news .
Stewart delivered the criticism that O’Reilly had no counter for .
Yeah , I 'm just going to put this whole NSFW thing behind the jump .
Read on for an in - depth look at bat blow - jobs , and insights into the evolution of such work , in general .
Figure 3 . Copulation duration in Cynopterus sphinx according to whether the female licks the male 's penis ( Licking ) or not ( No licking ) .
Means and standard errors are shown .
Vignette shows a female performing fellatio , drawn by Mei Wang .
( I assure you , I am not making any of this up . )
So , why do you think blow jobs happen ?
This is not a trick question .
Most of us would probably go for the , " Hey , that feels nice , " theory of oral sex .
But researchers Min Tan , Gareth Jones , Guangjian Zhu , et. al. , think there may be more to it than simple pleasure .
As part of their attempt to prove a practical function for oral sex , the team conducted a study of the fellatio habits of fruit bats .
The paper was published October 28 in the journal PLoS ONE .
You can read the whole thing online .
The basic idea here is that there might be some benefit to blow jobs ( beyond the obvious ) and the fact that bats who engage in fellatio have longer sessions of sex than bats who do n't could be evidence in favor of that theory .
Why ?
Because it 's showing that oral sex is correlated with a change in behavior and , the scientists theorize , there may be reasons why that behavioral change is beneficial to the animals .
How beneficial ?
The team theorizes that oral sex could be doing everything from increasing the chances of sperm fertilizing egg , to killing bacteria on the penis and protecting both parties from sexually transmitted disease .
Of course , the only thing proven is that oral sex means longer sex in fruit bats .
The team concedes a need for further research …
In conclusion , we have documented fellatio in animals that may have functional significance .
Of course , adaptive benefits remain unproven until tested , ideally by experimentation , but our study identifies potential avenues to explore if the null hypothesis of no benefit is to be rejected .
We believe that ours is the first large scale observational study of oral sex in non-humans , and we extend the interpretation of such behaviour beyond that of ' pleasure giving ' into an evolutionary context .
I 'm not sure I buy that a behavior that results in a , erm , pleasurable response , really needs any other reason for existing .
Although , it is worth noting that this appears to be the first time that fellatio has been documented as a regular part of adult sex outside of humans .
Also , the paper contains some truly EXCELLENT quotes that need to be shared .
To wit …
During copulation , the pair appeared to move forwards and backwards uninterruptedly and rhythmically .
When copulation was completed , the male licked his penis for several seconds .
This self - licking occurred after all of 20 copulations , but was absent after three instances in which intromission failed to occur .
Subsequently , the male often groomed himself or licked the inner surface of the tent , yet seldom flew away .
Also , the female groomed herself and typically stayed close to her mate .
It is plausible that this female 's behavior increased male arousal [ 22 ] .
There 's also a video .
Enjoy .
Thanks to Chris Combs at National Geographic Newsfor alerting me to this study .
Thumbnail photo : Allesok [ Flickr ]
By Steve Elliott
If you happen to be a medical marijuana patient like me , you ’re well aware that there are lots of folks who still harbor some enormous moral judgments about cannabis and those who use it medically — even in the states where it is legal .
If you are n’t a patient , chances are you may either already know one , or soon will .
As the acceptance of the medical use of pot grows , so does the number of patients choosing this option .
So let ’s talk about those moral judgments .
Medical marijuana patients are too often given to understand that we should somehow feel vaguely guilty about the relief that we get through using the herb .
We are given , intentionally or not , little cues which seem to carry the message “ You are a little less than entirely acceptable to polite society . ”
To some of us , that feels a lot like “ Why do n’t those people just stay at home ? ”
While “ interacting ” with a proudly ignorant Twitter user today , I was freshly reminded of this unfortunate dynamic , and it got me thinking about the same old tired , threadbare judgments and stereotypes that patients must deal with , over and over and over again .
Sometimes the attitudes manifest themselves a little more subtly .
Such was the case with a prominent social media maven who , just this week , quoted me chapter and verse of YouTube regulations regarding “ animal abuse and drug abuse . ”
What brought that on ?
I jokingly mentioned the possibility of my doing the first - ever on - camera bong hit on his show .
It ’s a sobering thought to me that there are still people who would equate any use of marijuana – even legal , medicinal use – as being roughly equivalent morally to torturing kittens .
Sobering and revealing , as in showing how much work we still have left to do .
Be that as it may , many of us just are n’t into apologizing for being medical marijuana patients .
We do n’t see any need to be ashamed of our decision to replace harsh corporate pharmaceuticals , or to at least be able to cut down on their use , by using medical cannabis .
In the interest of furthering potiquette and harmonious interaction , here are four things that you might not want to say to medical marijuana patients .
1 ) “ You ’re refusing to leave puberty and enter adulthood .
When I grew up , I stopped doing childish things , like using DRUGS . ”
Yeah …
They ’re really still saying that , as if choosing not to be constantly nauseated and in pain is somehow indicative of some deep character defect .
You ’d think that it ’s “ grown up ” enough to take charge of your own health , your own body , and your own decisions .
It seems quite “ adult ” to me to do my own research , draw my own conclusions , and choose my own medicine .
But I guess what they really mean is , “ I ’m more grown up than you , because the federal government approves of all the drugs I take ( caffeine , alcohol , aspirin , tobacco , Valium , Vicodin , Viagra , etc. , etc. ) , whereas you smoke pot . ”
The fact that using cannabis with a doctor ’s recommendation is now legal in 14 states should theoretically poke a big hole in this argument …
But since when has something as silly as logic entered into a topic carrying as much emotional baggage as marijuana ?
Besides , for the foreseeable future ( due to the spineless nature of most career politicians ) , the “ Killer Weed ” contingent is going to have the “ But it ’s still against federal law ” argument .
They love using that one , which is probably why they ’re so mad at President Obama for pledging not to thwart state laws legalizing medical marijuana .
2 ) But what kind of an example are you setting for “ the kids ” ?
Sooner or later , discussions about the legalization of medical marijuana always seem to come back to this one .
The question often arises from perfectly good intentions , but reveals a somewhat peculiar worldview :
That we should somehow be able to make the entire world , all of existence , into a safe , comforting , “ G ” - rated Disney film .
Well , first of all , that ’s just not possible , and secondly , trying to do so invariably results in not a safer world for kids , but in less freedom of choice for adults .
Here ’s a novel idea , when it comes to talking to kids about medical marijuana :
Tell them the truth .
Why is it so unthinkable to just tell kids , “ Cannabis helps some sick people feel better ” ?
Would n’t we be better equipping our kids for the world , for their future , by telling them the facts , rather than some untenably sanitized version thereof ?
3 ) Can you get me some good pot ?
This happens to me , probably more often than you ’d believe .
The answer is no , I ca n’t get you any weed .
If I did that , I ’d be jeopardizing my own legal right to use and possess medical marijuana , which means I ’d have to choose between feeling sick most of the time , or risking jail .
Do n’t get me wrong ; nothing would make me happier than for you to get all the pot you want .
Because I personally am of the opinion that medical marijuana patients , even in states that have nominally legalized it , will never be truly , entirely safe until it is legal for all adults .
Why is this ?
Many law enforcement officials just are n’t ready to give up the fight .
California and other states distribute “ official training material ” telling officers that marijuana is not a medicine , it ’s all just a ruse , and it ’s nothing but potheads looking for an excuse to get high .
( Never mind that all of this is in direct contradiction of the stated position of the American Medical Association : “ Short term controlled trails indicate that smoked cannabis reduces neuropathic pain , improves appetite and caloric intake , especially in patients with reduced muscle mass , and may relieve spasticity and pain in patients with multiple sclerosis . ” )
Those are the negative attitudes officers then take to the streets – and I can tell you , they are n’t conducive to treating ill patients with caring and respect .
Those attitudes , unless and until they change , are the reason that ( a ) I ca n’t get you any pot ; and ( b ) It should be legal for all adults .
Those attitudes are conducive , unfortunately , to looking for an excuse – any excuse – to bust medical marijuana patients , because they ’re “ getting away with something they should n’t . ”
I ’m not going to give law enforcement any help finding that excuse .
So , until the day pot is legalized across the board , I ’m sorry .
I ca n’t get you any weed .
Do n’t embarrass both of us by asking .
4 ) Is pot your only concern ?
Why do n’t you talk about something else , for a change ?
I feel slightly silly even having to point this out …
But being willing to take a stand , being passionately involved in , engaged with , and committed to a cause , does n’t mean you do n’t care about anything else .
In fact , it likely means just the opposite .
I ’d be delighted to talk about something else .
And I promise I will , as soon as medical marijuana patients everywhere have safe and legal access to the medicine that works best for them , without fear of arrest .
Until then , I do n’t plan on shutting up .
_______________________________________
This is the second week of a new daily series on News Junkie Post known as the Progressive Unity Project .
Every day , there will be a new article published from the perspective of the environment / ecosystem , labor / unions , LGBT , immigration reform , science , legalization of marijuana , or secularity .
Legalization Saturday
Steve Elliott , a journalist since the 1980s , is based near Seattle , Washington .
He worked for newspapers in Alabama and Mississippi before moving to the West Coast in 1999 .
While living in the Los Angeles area , Elliott edited two trade magazines , Business Fleet and F&I Management and Technology , until 2004 .
Steve Elliott has written extensively for the S.F.
Weekly , Eyes On Obama , and OpEd News .
He now edits the Village Voice Media cannabis site , Toke of the Town .
Steve online : Twitter Digg
Editor ’s Note : Please follow The News Junkie Post on Twitter .
The nation ’s main advocacy group for medical marijuana threatened Tuesday to challenge Los Angeles City Atty .
Carmen Trutanich ’s legal assault on dispensaries , saying it is “ unlawful , unconstitutional , and contravenes the spirit and letter of the governing laws . ”
The city prosecutor ’s office filed three lawsuits last week seeking court injunctions to force Organica in the Venice area and two Holistic Caregivers stores in South Los Angeles to stop all sales .
Trutanich maintains that state law authorizes collectives only to grow marijuana and recover their actual costs , not to sell it .
Americans for Safe Access , which advocates for the use of medical marijuana and has defended dispensaries in court , has tried repeatedly to persuade the city prosecutor that he is misreading the law and recent court decisions , but he has not budged .
The organization ’s chief counsel , Joseph D. Elford , sent letters to Trutanich and Los Angeles County Dist .
Atty .
Steve Cooley , who shares Trutanich ’s view , saying the advocacy group would join the lawsuits unless they are withdrawn .
“ We want to let Trutanich and Cooley know we ’re not just going to sit this one out , ” he said .
The organization ’s decision increases the likelihood that Los Angeles , the ground zero of the state ’s dizzying dispensary boom , also will become the center of litigation that clarifies murky issues .
Voters passed the state ’s medical marijuana initiative in 1996 and the Legislature adopted a law to expand access in 2003 , but the courts still have not ruled directly on whether collectives can sell marijuana to their members .
William W. Carter , the chief deputy city attorney , said he had not seen the letter .
“ I ’ve read their press release , and I am not impressed , ” he said .
“ We obviously do n’t agree with their position .
We are enforcing the existing local and state laws just as we ’ve been doing for a long time . ”
Carter said the city attorney ’s office had no intention of withdrawing the lawsuits , noting that it has already won an injunction barring one dispensary from selling marijuana in a similar case and is confident in its legal position .
Trutanich and Cooley have pressed cases that could force the courts to weigh in .
Trutanich sued Hemp Factory V , an Eagle Rock dispensary , and his lawyers persuaded a Superior Court judge to take their side .
Elford said he learned about the case too late to intervene before the decision .
Cooley ’s office has filed felony charges against dispensary operators , saying their sales violate state laws .
On Monday , prosecutors charged Jeff Joseph , the operator of Organica , with 24 felonies .
Elford also accused the two prosecutors of taking preemptive action before the city ’s medical marijuana ordinance takes effect .
“ They fought us tooth and nail with the City Council , ” he said .
“ They ’re not happy with the result . ”
Trutanich and Cooley had pressed the council to explicitly ban sales , but lawmakers rebuffed them .
Pointing out that the city attorney ’s office filed its lawsuit against Hemp Factory V months before the council approved the ordinance , Carter dismissed Elford ’s contention , saying , “ We were fully engaged . ”
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
Government and iwi leaders are set to hold fresh talks on the foreshore and seabed in Northland today , as Maori and Pakeha from around the country begin gathering for Waitangi Day celebrations .
Attorney - General Chris Finlayson has confirmed that a replacement for the Labour government 's contentious Foreshore and Seabed Act is likely as early as next month , despite earlier indications that the Government and iwi were struggling to find common ground .
Fresh confusion has been thrown on the status of negotiations by an apparently confidential document circulated by an Auckland - based PR company , Exceltium , which suggests iwi consulted by the Crown are unhappy with Government proposals and have put up an alternative .
The document , apparently written by a Ngai Tahu staffer and official on the powerful Iwi Leadership Group – which appears to have become a de facto negotiating body for Maori – suggests a model by which the foreshore and seabed be treated as a " shared " space .
But iwi and hapu would also have the right to assert title in the courts according to a new test based on " tikanga " ( Maori custom and traditions ) and the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples – which would include the power to review and injunct decisions over the foreshore and seabed , and impose rahui ( a ban on access ) .
The document 's appearance on websites in recent days appears to have caused consternation in government circles initially , but Mr Finlayson said this week that there was nothing in its alternative point of view that caused the Government alarm .
It had been written by a " relatively junior operative " reporting to the Iwi Leadership Group .
The Government appears to have been sufficiently concerned , however , that it sought assurances the document did not represent the Iwi Leadership Group 's position .
Mr Finlayson said he understood that it did not .
National has signalled its intention to repeal the Foreshore and Seabed Act under its deal with the Maori Party , but has yet to announce what will replace it .
Mr Finlayson said he expected to take a " blueprint " for the replacement to a series of national hui in March .
The cabinet 's decision to include Rachel 's Tomb and the Cave of the Patriarchs in the list of national heritage sites may ignite a war , Palestinian leaders say .
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Tuesday that the Israeli decision about the two sites , located in Hebron and Bethlehem , was " a serious provocation which may lead to a religious war . "
Speaking at the Belgian Parliament in Brussels , Abbas said that the move taken by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu followed a request made by US President Barack Obama for trust - building moves towards the Palestinians .
Dispute UN : Heritage sites on occupied land Ynet UN special coordinator for Mideast peace process condemns cabinet decision to declare West Bank Jewish sites national heritage sites .
Robert Serry says ' sites are in occupied Palestinian territory , are of historical significance to Islam , Christianity as well '
UN : Heritage sites on occupied land
" We have reached a very critical stage , which requires coordinated and intensive international activity , as we must stop the building in the settlements , which are killing the peace process and contradict Israel 's commitments , which stem from the first clause of the Road Map and from the signed agreements , " the Palestinian leader said .
Abbas said that the political freeze was not the result of the Palestinians ' refusal to accept what has already been agreed on .
" Israel asks to resume the negotiations on the backdrop of the ongoing settlement construction , claiming that everything can be put on the negotiating table , but this is happening while facts are being created on the ground .
" We expect the European Union to play an active role , which will complement the American role .
Any delay will lead to a termination of the peace options and will send the region into a new swirl of violence . "
Haniyeh near Gaza parliament , Tuesday ( Photo : AFP )
The Hamas prime minister in Gaza , Ismail Haniyeh , presented an even firmer stand .
He called on the Palestinians to launch a new intifada in protest of the decision to add the two places to the heritage sites list .
Haniyeh said the Israeli move was a show of complete disrespect towards the Palestinian negotiations team .
" This move disrespects anyone seeking to keep the framework of the diplomatic settlement .
Israel is implementing a plan spreading from Jerusalem to Hebron and Gaza , from Jaffa to Lod and Ramla , and all this on the backdrop of vague negotiations . "
The Hamas prime minister said that all of Israel 's moves are annulled and do not obligate the Palestinians .
" Jerusalem is ours , the land is ours , and God is with us .
We will not accept these decisions and they will have no ramifications . "
Stones in Hebron , strike in Bethlehem
The Palestinian Authority continues to condemn the plan , and claims it proves Israel does not want peace .
The PLO has expressed support for the Palestinians ' battle in Hebron .
The Palestinian protest reached the ground as well .
Dozens of Palestinian teens threw stones at Israel Defense Forces soldiers and torched tires in Hebron 's city center and the Old City , which are areas under Israeli control .
The forces responded with means for riot dispersal , and no injuries have been reported .
In addition , a general strike took place in Bethlehem because of the inclusion of Rachel 's Tomb in the heritage plan .
All of the Palestinian Authority 's organizations , schools , and private firms went on strike in protest against the decision , and eyewitnesses describe growing IDF presence in the area of the holy site .
Stone throwing was also reported .
On Sunday the government approved a comprehensive plan to preserve heritage sites across the country .
Following pressure from a number of ministers , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu added two sites to the plan : Rachel 's Tomb in Bethlehem and the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A British woman who murdered her former lover in a revenge attack by spiking his curry with poison was jailed for life on Thursday .
A traditional Malaysian dish is placed on a plate at a restaurant in Kuala Lumpur December 7 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Stringer
Lakhvir Singh , 45 , killed Lakhvinder Cheema , 39 , because she could not bear the thought of him getting married to a younger woman .
Cheema died hours after eating a leftover curry which had been in the fridge of his home in west London last January while his fiancee Gurjeet Choongh , 21 , was violently ill .
Singh had earlier gone into the house and poisoned the dish with the deadly poison aconite , known as the Queen of Poisons .
It was the first time the poison had been used to kill in England since 1882 .
She was jailed for life on Thursday at London ’s Old Bailey and told she must serve a minimum of 23 years behind bars after being found guilty of murder , the Press Association reported .
She was also convicted of causing grievous bodily harm with intent to Choongh , although cleared of attempting to murder her .
“ You were not just a spurned lover , you did not simply explode in anger at your rejection .
You set about a cold and calculating revenge , ” Judge Paul Worsley told her .
Singh , a mother of three , whose husband was being treated for cancer abroad , had been having a secret affair with Cheema for 16 years , but he decided he wanted to get married and settle down .
Cheema , known to his friends as “ Lucky , ” and Choongh fell ill as they discussed plans for their wedding scheduled for Valentine ’s Day last year .
Cheema died within an hour of arriving at hospital while Choongh was put into an induced coma for two days while doctors traced the poison and gave her an antidote .
Police later found traces of the poison among herbs in Singh ’s coat pocket and in her handbag .
“ I believe she should be given the sternest sentence possible so that it deters anyone else from even considering doing this to another person , ” Choongh said in a statement to the court .
“ I still do not feel fully recovered and I believe it will affect me for the rest of my life . ”
27/03/2006 Towards a United States of Europe By Jürgen Habermas
Why should we get excited about such a lacklustre topic as the future of Europe ?
My answer is : if we are not able to hold a Europe - wide referendum before the next European elections in 2009 on the shape Europe should take , the future of the Union will be decided in favour of neo-liberal orthodoxy .
Avoiding this touchy issue for the sake of a convenient peace and muddling along the well - trodden path of compromise will give free reign to the dynamic of unbridled market forces .
This would force us to watch as the European Union 's current political power is dismantled in favour of a diffuse European free - trade zone .
For the first time in the process of European unification , we face the danger of regressing to a level of integration below what has already been achieved .
What irks me is the paralytic numbness that has set in after the failure of the constitutional referenda in France and the Netherlands .
Not taking a decision in this context amounts to a decision with major consequences .
Three pressing problems are bundled together in the single issue of Europe 's inability to act :
(1) The international economic situation has changed in the wake of globalisation .
Today 's conditions deprive the national state of the tax resources it needs to satisfy its population 's demands for collective goods and public services , or even to maintain the status quo .
Further challenges , such as demographic developments and increased immigration , only aggravate the situation .
Here the only defence is offence : winning back political clout on a supra-national level .
Without convergent tax rates and medium - term harmonisation of economic and social - policies , we are in effect relinquishing our hold over the European social model .
(2) The return to ruthless hegemonic power politics , the clash of the West and the Islamic world , the decay of state structures in other parts of the world , the long - term social consequences of colonialism and the immediate political consequences of failed de-colonisation – all of this points to a high - risk international situation .
Only a European Union capable of acting on the world stage - and taking its place beside the USA , China , India and Japan - can press for an alternative to the ruling Washington consensus in the world 's economic institutions .
Only such a Europe can advance the long overdue reforms within the UN which are both blocked by and dependent on the USA .
(3) One cause for the rift in the West that has become apparent since the Iraq war is the clash of cultures that now divides America itself into two camps of almost equal size .
This clash has also caused a shift in the hitherto valid normative standards of government policy .
America 's closest allies cannot remain indifferent here .
It is precisely in critical cases of joint action that we must break free of our dependence on our superior partner .
That is one more reason why the European Union needs its own armed forces .
Until now Europeans have been subordinated to the dictates and regulations of the American high command in NATO deployments .
The time has come for us to attain a position where even in a joint military deployment we still remain true to our own conceptions of human rights , the ban on torture and wartime criminal law .
For these reasons , I believe Europe must pluck up the courage to introduce reforms which will give it not only effective decision - making procedures , but also its own foreign minister , a directly - elected president and its own financial basis .
These could be the subject of a referendum held concurrently with the next European parliamentary elections .
The draft would be considered passed if it received the ' double majority ' of votes of the states and the electorate .
At the same time , the referendum would only bind the member states in which a majority had voted in favour .
Europe would then move away from the convoy model where the tempo is set by the slowest member .
Even in a Europe made up of core and periphery , countries preferring to remain on the periphery retain the option of rejoining the core at any time .
These ideas dovetail with those of the Belgian prime minister Guy Verhofstadt , who has recently published a manifesto for the " United States of Europe . "
*
The full version of this speech originally appeared in German in Der Standard on March 10 and March 11 , 2006 .
Jürgen Habermas , born in 1929 , is one of Germany 's foremost intellectual figures .
A philosopher and sociologist , he is professor emeritus at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University in Frankfurt and the leading representative of the Frankfurt School of Critical Theory .
His works include " Legitimation Crisis " , " Knowledge and Human Interests " , " Theory of Communicative Action " and " The Philosophical Discourse of Modernity " .
Translation : jab .
Get the signandsight newsletter for regular updates on feature articles .
signandsight.com - let 's talk european .
