" The reason for the decision lies in the fact that it was not possible to exclude with the necessary certainty a fault in the US extraditionary request , " the Swiss Justice Ministry said in a statement .
With the introduction to our community news , we have been receiving some great resources and articles .
But many have been tutorials created by up and coming creative blogs such as trendyTUTS and GraphStock .
Also with the overwhelming success of our first web interface showcase we had to do another !
In today ’s resource showcase we are featuring 20 easy to follow photoshop web interface tutorials , with utilizing your new design skills you may also be featured in the coming weeks !
Please note that clicking on the screenshot below will take you to the full tutorial .
Create a Grungy , Translucent Web Portfolio Design via PSD Tuts +
Not only have watercolor brush strokes become a popular trend in modern web design , but so have advanced layers of transparency ( or what I call , translucence ) .
Create a Promotional iPhone App Site in Photoshop via PSD Tuts +
In this tutorial , we ’ll be continuing this series on creating an iPhone app promotional site by taking our previous Fireworks constructed wireframe and adding color , texture , images , and effects to polish off this design in Photoshop .
Simple Portfolio Gallery Layout in Photoshop via DeviseFunction
In this tutorial you will learn how to create a simple yet colorful portfolio gallery in Photoshop .
If you have any questions about this tutorial be sure to ask in the comments .
Also , remember with all the tutorials , the psd is available for download .
Learn how to create a website layout in Photoshop via trendyTUTS
For today I have prepared a modern web layout – photoshop template - and I think this one can be used for a technology website , for a business company , it can be used as well for a hosting website , to showcase your script ( software ) .
Design a Clean Web Layout with the 960 Grid via tutorial9
In this tutorial , we ’ll be designing a clean website layout using the 960 Grid System .
You ’ll see how working with this system can streamline web development workflow , and how to work with a grid system .
Make a Dark Blog Web Design Layout with Photoshop via Design Instruct
I will be showing you a quick and easy way to develop a simple dark - themed blog layout with the use of Photoshop .
Create an awesome minimal web design in Photoshop via tuttoaster
Put on your Photoshop cap and get ready for a step by step tutorial on how to make an awesome minimal web design .
Create a lovely textured web design from Photoshop to HTML / CSS via WEGRAPHICS
In this tutorial we are going to learn how to realize a nice web site layout using a nice texture .
Design a Sleek Textured Portfolio Design via PSDFAN
Learn how to create an awesome textured background , used a basis for a sleek and professional portfolio design .
Learn how to create a nice portfolio / showcase website layout in Photoshop via trendyTUTS
For today I will create another web layout tutorial in Photoshop and this time I will create a nice portfolio / showcase website .
This web layout can be used as well for a business website or a website where you would like to showcase your services / products .
How to create a business layout with 3D elements via GraphStock
Today will create a business layout for wordpress , with a 3D look .
The layout will have some nice 3D elements .
We will create a nice slideshow , and a 3D navigation bar with a nice and smooth shadow .
Mobile App ’s Layout # 2 via hvdesigns
In today ’s tutorial i’ll be showing you how to create an apple theme mobile app layout .
Create a soft green / nature website layout in Photoshop via trendyTUTS
Today I will create a nice and soft website layout .
This psd layout can be used for a nature / environment website .
How to create an awesome portfolio layout via GraphStock
Today i will show you how to create a nice looking portfolio layout , or you can use this PSD layout to create a wordpress theme .
In both cases this layout is made to showcase your portfolio in a proper way .
How to create a clean and design portfolio layout using Photoshop via 2EXPERTSDESIGN
In this Photoshop tutorial I will show you how to build a layout to create a website for a webdesigner or a little webagency .
Design an impresive blog layout via GraphStock
We created this website to offer premium resources , and one of the best tutorials for Photoshop , and illustrator .
Soon we will add also another categories , and we will be happy if you would like to help us to create a great community .
Mobile App Layout via hvdesigns
Mobile app ’s are on the never ending increase and now so are mobile app websites .
In today ’s tutorial I ’ll be showing you how create a dark theme mobile app web layout .
Create a Theme Store Website Layout in Photoshop via DeviseFunction
In this tutorial you will learn how to create a simple and beautiful theme store layout in Photoshop .
Create a glossy hosting layout via GraphStock
In this tutorial i will show you how easy is to create a glossy web hosting layout .
I will use the 960 grid system because it will be very easy for you to align this layout perfectly .
Design The Brilliante Website Layout in Photoshop via spyrestudios
“ We ’re trying to simplify how we tell the story of what we do , and the name represents that , ” said Neil Nicoll , president and chief executive of the organization , whose membership peaked in 2007 and has remained flat .
The challenge , Mr. Disend said , is to continue to make consumers and donors aware of the history , tradition and meaning behind the letters .
“ It ’s particularly a danger in the nonprofit space , where the story and awareness of the history and mission is critical when trying to raise money , ” he said .
Perhaps aware of that danger , most organizations that adopt abbreviations as names do so only for marketing and branding purposes .
Legally , for example , NPR remains National Public Radio .
Procter & Gamble , too , is still , for legal purposes , Procter & Gamble , though it has used P&G for branding purposes since 1999 .
Conversely , the KFC Corporation is now the legal name of the restaurant chain formerly known as Kentucky Fried Chicken , but the company uses both names in its marketing .
BP , formerly British Petroleum , adopted its initials after acquiring companies including Amoco and ARCO .
ARCO itself used to be the Atlantic Richfield Company .
The Obama administration ’s use of the old name in chiding BP after the recent oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has annoyed a number of British publications and political leaders .
While the public seems to have no trouble embracing abbreviated names , the news media often remains stubbornly attached to old names .
AARP dropped its full name in 1999 and is frustrated that reporters still identify it as “ formerly known as the American Association of Retired Persons . ”
“ Some names die hard , ” said Michelle Alvarez , a spokeswoman for AARP , which changed its name in an acknowledgment that more than half of its nearly 40 million members are not retired .
Opinion Article
Measuring population growth around tropical protected areas : current issues and solutions [ 117-121 ] Lucas N. Joppa , Scott. R. Loarie and Andrew Nelson
Abstract
Do people migrate toward parks , and if so , why ?
These long - standing questions in conservation are especially important in tropical regions .
It is there that rural human populations intersect with some of the world ’s greatest biodiversity , and protected areas are often the last line of defense in the fight to slow species extinctions .
Detailed case studies have been the predominant source of insight into these issues , yet there has been a recent push for larger - scale analyses .
Here we address the insufficiency of global datasets for answering global people - park questions .
More than ever , it is of utmost importance that scientists get the correct answers when working at the intersection of human welfare and biodiversity conservation .
Successful conservation of tropical biodiversity depends upon it .
Full Text PDF
General interest news article
General interest summaries ( when available ) English : Do nature reserves attract human settlement ?
That answer to that question is hugely controversial amongst those who decide when , where , and how to conserve tropical biodiversity .
If reserves attract people they may create a sort of “ Conservation Catch - 22 ” , accelerating their isolation and bringing closer threats such as illegal logging and poaching .
Yet if they drive people away , there is a risk of elevating conservation above human welfare .
A paper in the journal Tropical Conservation Science sheds light on this issue , and indicates a promising way forward for tropical conservation .
It is true that human populations around many tropical forest protected areas have increased .
But , did these protected areas actually draw settlements to them , or were the settlements a more passive process ?
Two recent studies addressing this issue came to opposite conclusions .
The lead author of the current paper , Dr. Lucas Joppa , says that the reason for the discrepancy is straightforward .
“ The global data available for human population counts are simply insufficient for the task ” , he said .
Hope is not lost , however .
Information from numerous detailed case - studies of protected areas can be combined for insight .
Even better are increasingly available satellite images .
Data on deforestation and other human settlement proxies are globally available , have high resolution , and span lengthy periods of time .
“ This question has no one - size - fits - all answer ” , says Dr. Joppa , “ but by properly using available data we should be able to hone in on reserves around the world with significant human conflict ” .
Español : Las reservas naturales atraen colonización humana ?
La respuesta a esa pregunta es controversial para quienes deciden dónde , cuándo y cómo conservar la biodiversidad tropical .
Si las reservas atraen a las personas , entonces pueden generar un tipo de “ Conservation Catch - 22 ” , acelerando su aislamiento y atrayendo amenazas como la tala y caza ilegales .
Sin embargo , si las reservas apartan a las personas , existe el riesgo de colocar la conservación por encima del bienestar humano .
Un artículo en la revista Tropical Conservation Science aborda este asunto , e indica un adelanto promisorio para la conservación tropical .
Es cierto que las poblaciones humanas han aumentado alrededor de muchas áreas forestales protegidas en los trópicos .
Pero , ¿las áreas protegidas realmente atrajeron estos asentamientos humanos ?
¿ O estos fueron resultado de un proceso más pasivo ?
Dos estudios recientes sobre este asunto llegaron a conclusiones opuestas .
El autor principal del presente artículo , Dr. Lucas Joppa , dice que la explicación de esta discrepancia es simple .
“ Los datos globales disponibles sobre conteos de poblaciones humanas son simplemente insuficientes para esta tarea ” , ha dicho .
Sin embargo , aun hay esperanza .
La información sobre numerosos estudios de caso detallados en áreas protegidas puede ser combinada para tener una perspectiva adecuada .
Aun mejores son las imágenes de satélite , cada vez más accesibles .
Datos sobre deforestación e indicativos de asentamientos humanos están disponibles a nivel global , tienen alta resolución , y abarcan amplios periodos de tiempo .
“ Esta pregunta no tiene una ú nica respuesta ” , dice el Dr. Joppa , “ pero utilizando adecuadamente los datos podremos profundizar en reservas que presentan un conflicto humano significativo alrededor del mundo ” .
Português :
As reservas naturais atraem assentamentos humanos ?
A pergunta para essa questão é altamente controversa entre aqueles que decidem quando , onde e como conservar a biodiversidade tropical .
Se reservas atraem pessoas elas podem criar uma espécie de “ Conservação Catch - 22 ” , acelerando seu isolamento e trazendo ameaças próximas como exploração ilegal de madeira e caça .
Ainda , se elas afastam as pessoas , há um risco de elevar a conservação acima do bem-estar humano .
O artigo na revista Tropical Conservation Science lança uma luz sobre essa questão , e indica um caminho promissor para a conservação tropical .
É verdade que as populações humanas ao redor de muitas florestas tropicais protegidas aumentaram .
Mas , essas áreas protegidas realmente atraem assentamentos para elas , ou os assentamentos são um processo mais passivo ?
Dois estudos recentes abordando esse tópico chegaram a conclusões opostas .
O autor do presente artigo , Dr. Lucas Joppa , aponta que a razão para a discrepância é simples .
“ Os dados globais disponíveis para a contagem das populações humanas são simplesmente insuficientes para essa tarefa ” , ele disse .
A esperança não está perdida , porém .
Informações dos numerosos estudos de caso detalhados de áreas protegidas podem ser combinadas para introspecção .
Ainda melhor , as imagens de satélite são cada vez mais disponíveis .
Dados de desmatamento e outras procurações de assentamentos humanos estão globalmente disponíveis , tem alta resolução , e abrangem longos períodos de tempo .
“ Essa questão não tem um tamanho único para todas as respostas ” , diz Dr. Joppa , “ mas com a boa utilização dos dados disponíveis nós devemos estar aptos a aprimorar as reservas em todo o mundo com conflitos humanos significativos ” .
Français : Les réserves naturelles attirent - elles l’installation des hommes ?
La réponse à cette question est très controversée parmi ceux qui décident quand , où et comment conserver la biodiversité tropicale .
Si les réserves attirent les hommes , cela crée une sorte de situation “ Conservation Catch22 » , en accélérant l’isolement des populations et par la même en rapprochant des menaces comme l’exploitation illégale et le braconnage .
Cependant , en chassant les gens , on risque de faire passer la conservation avant le bien - être humain .
Un article dans le journal Tropical Conservation Science met en lumière ses problèmes et indique une voie prometteuse à suivre pour la conservation tropicale .
Il est vrai que les populations humaines autour de nombreuses aires de forêt tropicale protégée ont augmenté .
Mais , est - ce - que ces aires protégées attirent vraiment les hommes , ou est - ce - que leur implantation résulte d’un processus plus passif ?
Deux études récentes au sujet de ce problème sont arrivées à des conclusions différentes .
Pour l’auteur principal du présent article , Dr Lucas Joppa , la raison de la divergence est simple , « les données globales disponibles pour le dénombrement des populations humaines sont tout simplement insuffisantes pour répondre à cette question ».
Cependant , l’espoir n’est pas perdu .
Les informations de nombreuses études de cas détaillées , de ces zones protégées , peuvent être combinées et ainsi donner un aperçut de la situation .
Encore mieux , les images satellites sont de plus en plus accessibles .
Les données sur la déforestation et autres indices d’activités humaines sont globalement disponibles , en haute résolution et pour de longue période de temps .
« Cette question n’a pas de réponse sur mesure » explique Dr Joppa , « mais , en utilisant convenablement les données disponibles , on devrait être capable de reconnaître les réserves qui ont des réels conflits humains dans le monde » .
please contact Tropical Conservation Science .
The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only , and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of other authors or Tropical Conservation Science .
Research desk compares :
What 's the fiscal impact of estate tax cuts vs. unemployment insurance ?
By Dylan Matthews
byelin asks :
Could you compare the budgetary effects of an extension of unemployment benefits ( currently being considered in Congress ) versus a proposal from Senators Lincoln ( D - AR ) and Kyl ( R - AZ ) to freeze the top rate on estate taxes at 35 % and cap and moving the tax thresholds to estates worth $ 5 million or more ?
The unemployment extension proposal that Harry Reid is trying to pass has a one - time cost of $ 33 billion .
That 's for one year , and then the additional cost vs. the baseline is zero thereafter .
So let 's compare that temporary bump up in the deficit with four proposals ( PDF ) for reforming the estate tax .
The first is outright repeal .
The second , proposed by John McCain in the presidential election , would reduce the tax rate to 15 percent and exempt the first $ 5 million of an estate .
The third , Jon Kyl 's initial proposal , also has a $ 5 million exemption , with a 20 percent rate on estates up to $ 25 million and a second 30 percent bracket for larger estates .
The fourth , Barack Obama 's proposal during the presidential election , has a lower exemption of $ 3.5 million and a 45 percent tax rate .
Here 's how the total revenue effect on the deficit of those proposals compares with that of extending unemployment benefits from 2009 to 2018 :
The year - by - year spending breakdown is after the jump .
Not stark enough for you ?
Here 's how that spending breaks down by year :
Not only do estate tax cut proposals add much , much more to the deficit in the medium - term than unemployment benefits do , they continue to grow more expensive over time , at least for as long as we have estimates .
Supporting estate tax cuts but not unemployment benefits indicates something about a politician , but it 's hardly proof of a deep , serious interest in cutting the deficit .
Four severed heads found in Guatemala City
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
Four severed heads and two beheaded bodies have been found in the capital of Guatemala .
The bodies were left in the open around Guatemala City , including in front of Congress and at a shopping centre .
Messages to the interior minister and the director of prisons were pinned to them , leading police to blame drug gangs for the killings .
So far only two bodies have been found and none of the victims have been identified .
Interior Minister Carlos Menocal said the first head was found in front of Congress , the second at a shopping centre , another in front of a fire station and the fourth in a residential neighbourhood .
Police spokesman Donald Gonzalez said the killings were linked to drugs , and came after a string of arrests of alleged high - profile drug traffickers .
" They [ the killers ] left them in strategic places where there 's a lot of foot traffic so everyone could see them , " Mr Gonzalez said .
He said he believed the killings were in revenge for new restrictions imposed in the country 's prison system .
One of the messages read " no more impunity " .
Earlier this year Guatemala introduced stricter prison rules , including more frequent transfers to different jails , to prevent convicts from continuing to run criminal enterprises from behind bars .
Revenge killings ?
Interior Minister Carlos Menocal read out one of the messages , which had been written on cardboard and propped up against the remains .
" This is happening because of the mistreatment and the injustices in the country 's jails , " the message read .
" If you do n't do anything about these mistreatments , what happens from now on will be the fault of the government and the prison system , who are the ones abusing their authority . "
The killings come three days after the resignation of the director of a United Nations - backed commission to combat links between organised crime and the Guatemalan state .
Carlos Castresana stepped down saying that the Guatemalan government had not kept its promise to reform the justice system .
He also urged President Alvaro Colom to sack the recently - appointed prosecutor general , who he accused of having links with criminal gangs .
Mr Gonzalez , the police spokesman , said criminal gangs were taking advantage of a vacuum left by Mr Castresana 's resignation " to wreak havoc " .
Decapitation is used by Mexican drug gangs to spread fear among their rivals and the security forces but has not yet widely spread from Mexico .
But one of Mexico 's most powerful and violent drug cartels , Los Zetas , is believed to be active in Guatemala , and a number of violent shoot - outs in 2008 were attributed to them .
Guatemala is seen as an ideal transit point for cocaine smuggled from Colombia through Guatemala to Mexico and on to the US .
We get paid from some partners and advertisers that appear on this site .
That compensation may affect how offers are presented , but our editorial opinions are not affected by how or whether we get paid .
Pin Email 42 Shares
( Guest post by Jeff Kosola )
Budgeting is something that financial savvy people do every month .
The problem with budgeting is that is can become mechanical and / or boring .
We understand that living beneath our means is the best way to become financial independent .
We understand that without accounting for every dollar before it ’s spent will result in squandering money on useless items .
We also understand that budgeting is completely boring and something not many people look forward to doing each month ( unless you are like me or J. Money ) .
Would n’t it be cool if there was a way to make budgeting fun and exciting each month ?
Would n’t it be great if you could really make “ Budgets Sexy ” ?
Well now you can .
Introducing Strip Budgeting
Strip budgeting is the best way to take one of the more boring chores in life and kick it up a notch .
The rules are simple and anyone looking for a little twist on saving money will love it .
Required equipment
The prior month ’s budget
A sexy partner ( sorry had to add sexy so J. would publish this )
A private location ( Your parent ’s basement might not be the best place for this )
The Rules ( copied from Fight Club )
The 1 st rule of Strip budgeting is you do n’t talk about strip budgeting
rule of Strip budgeting is you do n’t talk about strip budgeting
The 2 nd rule of Strip Budgeting is you do n’t talk about strip budgeting
rule of Strip Budgeting is you do n’t talk about strip budgeting
The 3rd rule of Strip Budgeting is you ca n’t wear multiple layers of clothing .
Unlike strip poker , the point is not to see how long you can budget for :)
Pants and shirts will work best .
Game Play
Upon meeting in a private location with your previous month ’s budget , the budgeting nerd in the family will bring a new budget form to begin filling out .
The two of you will review the current budget and discuss any problems that may have occurred .
Now remove your shirt , blouse , wife beater , or whatever is covering the upper half of your body .
This is your reward for establishing dialogue between each other and performing a great budgeting review .
Use the data / info from your review to balance the coming month ’s budget to zero .
This time you need to each remove your pants , shorts , skirt , kilt , or anything that is covering the lower half of your body .
Again there is nothing like using the reward system to achieve great benefits for a job well done .
The next part of the budgeting game is to update your net worth .
There is nothing like seeing a positive change in your financial position and of course you need to be rewarded for the awesome progress you are making .
Remove your bra ( for the ladies ) or your bro ( for the men ) .
The final part of any good budget is refilling the cash envelopes you use for your daily expenses .
At this point we need to copy Demi Moore and Woody Harrelson from Indecent Proposal .
I ca n’t go into details here , but you get the point .
Strip Budgeting is a great way to take the boredom out of the budgeting process and a great way to connect with your mate .
I hope you ’ll excuse me because I need to try and sell this method to my wife right now .
Good luck everyone :)
— — — —-
Written by Jeff Kosola who blogs at DeliverAwayDebt and tweets under the handle @DeliverAwayDebt .
If I ’ve made you laugh , then please head on over to my site and / or Twitter and give me a try – you just never know what is going to come out of a Pizza Dude ’s mouth .
If you happen to live in the Detroit area , you just might see me standing at your door with a piping hot pizza made with a like extra love from DeliverAwayDebt .
( Photo by lu_lu )
Pin Email 42 Shares
So in order to prove that I ’m actually doing my masters – I thought I ’d show you a info comic that ’s going at the start of the book .
The idea of it is that it ’s a super simple queer 101 , it ’s only a draft at this stage , and it ’s pretty flawed still but here it is anyway :
Also !
My friend works for Amnesty International – and they ’re having a wicked fundraiser , if any Auckland artist folks want to be involved :
Amnesty International Fundraising Event :
We are organising a live street art day followed by an auction to celebrate our 50th Birthday .
We have titled the event “ The Art of Freedom – taking it to the streets ” and it stems from the idea that change starts from ordinary people speaking out from the streets in protest of human rights violations around the world .
We are hoping to use the connection between Amnesty ’s action against injustices and the questioning nature of street art to spread awareness of Amnesty International while celebrating our 50th year of defending human rights .
We have also done a lot of campaigning on behalf of artists who have been unfairly punished for using their freedom of expression and would like the event to highlight the importance of this right in creating change for the better .
The event itself will be split into two days .
The first will be live street art painting , were artists from Disruptiv and Cracked Ink will create works in St Kevin ’s Arcade to raise awareness for Amnesty and generate interest for the exhibition .
This will take place on Thursday June the 9th between 11 am and 2 pm .
The second event is the exhibition that will include the works from the live painting as well as pieces from artists around New Zealand .
Already we have several works that have been donated , including ones from ATom 1746 , James R Ford and Seekayem .
Oi You ! , the national street art competition are on board , helping us with promotion and sending us prints to add to the collection .
If you would be willing to help by donating a piece , participating in the live painting or simply suggesting the idea to other artists who might be interested we would appreciate it greatly .
For more info email Rachel at :
events ( DOT ) intern ( AT ) amnesty ( DOT ) org ( DOT ) nz
The old curiosity shop in Takadanobaba has been a mystery to me for a long time .
I first spotted it passively years ago , before I lived near here , most likely on a trip to the Blue Parrot second - hand book store .
It ’s built in red - brick , or at least the facade is , and instantly stands out when surrounded by a street lined with featureless plaster - cement buildings .
It is obviously no longer in use , with papered - up windows , an overgrown window - box , and vines creeping down the sheet metal siding .
Peeking inside through the veiled glass doors reveals dim shapes , one that looks like a spinning wheel , another a large statue .
What was it , and when was it alive ?
The Old Curiosity Shop of Takadanobaba .
Since moving to nearby Waseda , I ’ve made the walk to Baba several times , each time circling a little closer to the Curiosity Shop ( my name for it ) .
One time , with camera in tow , SY and I properly scouted it .
We ventured up the alley to the left .
There was lots of junk lying in piles beside it , crates , old washing machines , stacks of manga .
We thought we heard a noise from the piles , so I leaned in closer .
A black cat exploded out of the washing machine ’s drum with a shrieking cry .
I guess that old horror movie staple , of cats suddenly leaping into sight and being pretty terrifying , is wholly based on real life .
I thought a devil was coming for me .
The cat screamed , exploded , made for me , then melted away like a shadow , leaving me staggering backwards and with heart racing .
Phew .
Behind the shop was a seriously tumbled down barn - thing , then a shack - warehouse - house , inhabited by an old geezer who seemed to be just pottering around .
The back - alley between the shop and shack was fenced off and barb wired over .
Full length shot .
Second story .
I had to stand in the middle of the road to make this shot .
Detail stained glass over the door frame .
Raw brick ends , fuse box , at the side .
Overgrown metal siding .
Ghost in the corner window ?
Down the back alley , camera held up over the barbed wire fence .
Side , door reinforced with wooden braces .
Of course I wanted to get inside , but its not really like a regular haikyo .
Its on a busy thoroughfare with foot traffic passing constantly , the old geezer in the adjoining warehouse , and a police box less than a hundred meters away .
More than any of that though , it has the feeling of waiting about it .
Though it is disused now and going to seed , it has the feeling of still being owned , and perhaps even cared for .
Someone may have plans for it .
To get in I ’d have to break through their security , which is not only illegal , but also quite a challenge to do quietly .
So .
Instead I scouted a nearby apartment building , climbed up to the 6th floor balcony , to get a look at it from the reverse .
From that angle it seems to be seriously overgrown , though it ’s hard to know exactly what we ’re looking at .
One room appears to be open to the elements , in the left of frame .
But is it the Curiosity Shop , or part of the tumble - down shack beside it .
It was such a mess of green it was hard to judge distance and know what was what .
Maybe one day I ’ll make the effort to explore further .
From behind and above , looking into the overgrown innards .
In the meantime , does anybody know what this place once was ?
See a curation of world ruins in the ruins gallery .
See my collection of Japanese ruins ( haikyo ) in the galleries :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
We 've talked long enough about faith healing in Oregon .
We 've shared countless earnest conversations about religious liberty and parental rights .
The time for words is over .
Now it 's time for pictures .
Another couple from the Followers of Christ church in Oregon City
from their child .
Timothy and Rebecca Wyland of Beavercreek believe in treating sickness with prayer rather than medicine , even when prayer does n't work .
Their infant daughter , Alayna , has a serious eye problem , which they chose not to treat .
Someone notified authorities and the state intervened , and now the Wylands are trying to regain custody of their daughter .
Those are the words , wholly inadequate .
Only the pictures do the story justice .
Photographs obtained from the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office show Alayna as a sweetly chubby baby with a grotesque protrusion on her face , distorting her eye .
The mass is angry and purplish red and painful - looking with the radius of a tennis ball .
In the grocery store , it would be visible from five aisles away .
A reasonable person would n't keep this child from a doctor .
A reasonable person would break down doors to find a doctor .
Medical experts describe the eye problem as a hemangioma , a fast - growing mass of blood vessels .
Normally the condition could be diagnosed and easily treated at the first signs of swelling or discoloration .
Left untreated , the mass
as The Oregonian 's Steve Mayes reported .
It 's not clear whether Alayna will go blind in that eye or somehow recover .
The only certain thing is that the Wylands deliberately withheld medical care , and admitted in court to doing so , from a baby whose injury was painfully obvious .
This is a not a sad instance of an unanswered prayer .
This is a textbook case of medical mistreatment and neglect , with photographs to answer the questions that words cannot .
Over the past three decades , more than 20 Oregon children whose parents belong to the Followers of Christ church have died of treatable illnesses , according to the state medical examiner 's office .
Yet Oregon grants special leniency to faith - healing parents , singling them out favorably in state policy and protecting them from being charged with certain crimes .
In a 1999 compromise , the Oregon Legislature stripped away some of those legal protections but gave judges the authority to give lighter sentences to faith - healing parents .
In recent years , Clackamas County authorities have successfully prosecuted two couples for the preventable deaths of their children .
Things are moving in the right direction .
Still , Oregon remains a national outlier for its level of deference toward faith - based crime .
Oregon should get rid of its remaining double standards .
Juries have proved themselves to be fully capable of taking faith into account as they weigh criminal intent , much as they consider addiction and other factors in other sad cases involving children .
Meanwhile , maybe we should spend more time studying the photographs of these kids .
The smiling ones , now gone .
The injured ones , now recovering .
These children might not fully appreciate Oregon 's treatment of faith healing as an abstract intellectual issue , one requiring lots of discussion plus the perfect blend of libertarian distance and liberal tolerance .
Given a choice , they might prefer more action , fewer words .
-- Associate Editor
The Oregonian
As the Dynamic Languages Experts we often get asked :
Which open source dynamic language has the greatest usage ?
Which open source dynamic language is currently growing the fastest in usage ?
Why are these questions relevant ?
Our customers and partners want to know :
How to evolve their products to support the needs of these languages
What language to use as they create new applications or upgrade systems
What language has the biggest community they might be able to rely on and
What languages are popular so they can keep up with the market
There are six key dynamic languages ( or scripting languages , as some people say ) that we focus on : Perl , Python , JavaScript , PHP , Ruby , and Tcl .
One source that is often used to answer the “ usage ” and “ growth ” questions is the TIOBE Index , which tracks a variety of different programming languages .
However , some people have voiced concerns about the reliability or accuracy of this index .
At ActiveState , based on our own web statistics , interaction and conversations with developers , and sales figures , we also have our own data on answers to the “ usage ” and “ growth ” questions , but we wanted to expand our data set with other third - party sources beyond are own or TIOBE .
We looked at the following additional sources : MarkMail , Indeed , Ohloh , and BlogPulse .
See “ Detailed Approach & Methodology ” section for complete research details ) .
Indeed was the source that received a higher weighting relative to the other sources as it represents how ingrained or prominent each programming language is within development environments .
Furthermore , we feel Indeed captures both new development and older code bases , exemplifying how “ sticky ” a programming language has been over time .
So what ’s the answer ?
Based on a compilation of data from all these sources , we tabulated scores , weightings , and rankings for these languages .
Which Dynamic Language has the greatest usage ?
When it comes to usage , not surprisingly , PHP is the leader due to its huge presence on the web .
This is followed by JavaScript , then Python / Perl ( which are effectively equal ) , then Ruby and of course rounding out the list is Tcl , which is a very niche language .
Which Dynamic Language is currently growing the fastest in usage ?
No question .
Python is the fastest growing Dynamic Language today .
We think many are under - estimating its popularity and we expect to see a lot from Python in the coming years .
Python is then followed by JavaScript , then PHP , Ruby , Perl , and Tcl .
What will be surprising to many is that Ruby ranked 4th on the list !
Why does Python have such high usage and growth ?
We believe there are a few reasons :
Companies from Microsoft to Google have embraced Python and are not only supporting its use , but also investing in its development
Strong support and community
Established developer base
Enterprise friendly licensing
Popularity for web applications as cloud computing becomes more prevalent
Proposed by the SEC for use in financial modeling
Except for Tcl , eWeek recently included Python , Perl , Ruby , PHP and JavaScript in the “ Top 10 Programmer Languages to Keep You Employed “ .
Some of the drivers for the popularity of dynamic languages include :
Younger programmers ( tomorrow ’s software leaders ) are preferring to learn Python , Ruby , or PHP ; rather than static languages .
IT is a big user of scripting solutions
Ease of use
Lower development costs , reduced maintenance costs , and faster development times / faster time to market
The large communities around these languages have built considerable knowledge bases and broad code repositories for potential reuse across a wide range of applications .
What do you think ?
Why do you think Python is growing so fast ?
Are you planning on switching to Python , if you have n’t already done so ?
Detailed Approach & Methodology
To compile and summarize the information , in addition to the TIOBE Index and our own internal data , we used the sources and methodology below .
MarkMail : MarkMail is a free service for searching mailing list archives .
By searching on specific terms , such as “ Perl ” you can get an indication over time how often Perl is used on the mailing list archives compared to say “ Python ” .
You can get an indication of both “ usage ” and “ growth ” from MarkMail .
The following two figures for Perl and Python are examples .
As you can see , Perl has been steady since 2001 , while Python has been showing growth over the years .
Perl
Source : http://markmail.org/search/?q=perl
Python
Source : http://markmail.org/search/?q=python
Indeed : Indeed.com is a search engine for jobs and we use their “ job trends tools ” to track how often job postings reference the popular dynamic languages .
They have both an absolute and a relative comparison which can be seen below .
As you can see , JavaScript and Perl are the most popular languages mentioned in job descriptions .
But Ruby shows the most relative growth .
Ohloh :
Ohloh is a free public directory that tracks open source software and people who are involved in open source projects .
They have a very good tool for tracking and comparing what is going on with many different programming languages .
For purposes of getting more insight into our “ usage ” and “ growth ” questions we focused on three specific tools : commits , contributors , and projects .
The results for commits are shown in the two figures below .
The “ values ” figure allows us to gauge usage activity whereas the “ relative ” figure allows us to gauge the growth of the languages relative to each other .
BlogPulse : BlogPulse is an automated trend discovery system for blogs .
Similar to MarkMail but rather than focusing on mailing list archives it focuses on what is being said in blogs .
BlogPulse is good for a feel on the “ usage ” question , but not on the “ growth ” question for the timescale they use is too short .
What we found on BlogPulse is as follows :
Of course with MarkMail , Indeed , and BlogPulse our analysis will include counts for search terms that do not have anything to do with a Dynamic Language ( such as snakes for “ python ” ) .
This is not a science , but it broadens our view by considering a number of different factors rather than just using TIOBE and or our own internal data .
With the Devils actively searching for a new coach , The Devils ’
Den ’s favorite beat reporter , Tom Gulliti , spoke to Devils general manager Lou Lamoriello about the team ’s coaching vacancy .
While several names have been linked to the Devils , Lamoriello made an important statement to Gulliti .
When speaking about what they ’re looking for in a coach , Lamoriello insisted the Devils ’ philosophy would remain unchanged .
“ Philosophically everything will stay together and we certainly will not put anybody in a position that does n’t have the same continuity that we ’ve had for years . ”
While this quote does n’t point to any candidate in particular , it shows an important facet of the coaching search .
Lamoriello does n’t want to radically change the Devils system .
But how much change should a new coach be allowed to instill ?
The Devils need a shakeup .
It does n’t have to be a radical one , but the team seemed to be playing stale and uninspired hockey in their first round loss to the Flyers this spring .
The lines did n’t show much creativity , and the power play looked atrocious .
Many of those themes began during the second part of the season .
A new coach should be allowed to tinker with the offense , which I feel is always an area of untapped potential for the Devils .
They have so many skill players , but both Brent Sutter and Jacques Lemaire could n’t find the right combination to deliver the best lines , especially on the powerplay .
It ’s a waste of talent , and I believe a new coach needs to shake up the Devils offensively .
And even operating under a defensive philosophy , the team can still improve it ’s offensive output .
I believe the Devils could become one of the best counter - attacking teams in the league .
Both Sutter and Lemaire rarely tapped into this potential when behind the bench .
We ’ve seen flashes in the past few years , when the Devils would forecheck well for a game or two and turn those chances into goals .
But the team could never sustain that effort for a majority of a season .
This type of play would be tough and grinding , and the Devils would need to improve their team speed .
But a counter - attacking style would still fit under the team ’s defense - first mentality and allow for some offensive potency .
It would n’t be a radical change , but it could be the shift the team needs to finally infuse great defensive play with the potential for a solid offensive team .
So , what candidate could put this on the ice ?
That responsibility may rest on the unproven shoulders of Mike Haviland .
The assistant coach of the Chicago Blackhawks has worked with this system before , helping to coach a team ready to make plays on the forecheck .
Watching Chicago in the Stanley Cup Finals showed just how good this counter - attacking system can be .
The team always pressed and constantly took advantage of Flyers mistakes .
Ultimately , they made plays happen .
That ’s been missing for the Devils over the past three years , and Haviland may be the coach to instill this style .
Offensive change is a must , but so is a better locker room environment .
Read after the jump for my take on how the locker room dynamic needs to change with a new coach .
It ’s not only an offensive change that needs to be made .
The Devils need to find a coach who can manage the locker room .
There have been countless posts here , and others around the Internet , detailing the fractured locker room the Devils had last season .
Captain and coach did n’t agree , and players literally stopped listening to Lemaire during the first round of the playoffs .
And yet , with all of these problems , the team still won the Atlantic Division .
But clearly , these locker room issues contributed to the team ’s first - round playoff exit .
In order to once again become a serious title contender , the Devils need to fix their locker room .
One of the most important aspects a new coach must instill is respect .
The underlying theme to many of the offseason stories was a lack of respect .
The lines of communication between players and coaches seemed broken and , at times , nonexistent .
Players need to know that a coach is willing to stand behind them and fight for them .
Instilling this trust and respect can only lead to more success on the ice .
But without it , the team will fail , as we watched happen during the postseason .
Can Haviland impact the team on this end as well ?
There ’s where his candidacy gets muddy .
He ’s never had head coaching experience at the NHL level , which could make gaining respect difficult .
Players may feel as if he is n’t successful and cannot appropriately lead them .
This thinking would be a mistake , as the coach just helped the Blackhawks win the title .
But his lack of experience could make establishing a positive locker room difficult .
**********
I completely agree with Lamoriello – the philosophy of the Devils needs to remain intact .
The team has made the playoffs 13 years in a row , winning three Stanley Cup championships and enjoying sustained success .
Much of that success has been built on solid defensive play and a team - first mentality .
But all is not perfect , and an incoming coach needs to change some things .
The Devils need to become a better scoring team , and they desperately need to fix their locker room issues .
Mr. Hoffmann is the proprietor of Square Mile Coffee , a roasting company in London , and a six - stool , espresso-less coffee bar that closes this week after a temporary residence in the Shoreditch district .
At the bar , named Penny University for the term applied to the first London coffeehouses , he and his colleagues offered a revelatory short course in the possibilities of brewed coffee .
They presented a menu of three contrasting kinds of beans , brewed them using any of three methods , and chatted with their customers about the fine points of the ingredients , process and flavor .
Earlier this month I enrolled in a tasting of coffees from Kenya , Ethiopia and Guatemala , all roasted lightly to avoid losing their distinctive qualities in the intense but more generic flavors of a dark roast .
Each cup was less concentrated than I ’m used to making for myself , yet delicious and distinctive .
Mr. Hoffmann explained that industry standards for brewed coffee strength vary a great deal , from around 1.25 percent extracted coffee solids in the United States to something approaching 2 percent in Brazil and in specialty coffeehouses .
He aims for 1.5 percent , and gets it consistently with the help of a precision water boiler and a digital scale on which he does the brewing , pouring water to the gram .
“ It seems silly , debating decimals , ” Mr. Hoffmann said , “ but it makes a big difference to the flavor . ”
A tablespoon of water more or less can shift the extracted solids by a perceptible amount .
It also matters how the coffee solids are extracted .
Mr. Hoffmann told me that concentrated brews are often made palatable by using a lot of coffee and reducing the brewing time or the temperature to extract only the easy - going portion of its flavor materials .
The result is intense but one - dimensional .
More fully extracting a smaller amount of gently roasted , high - quality coffee , as Mr. Hoffmann and a number of new - wave brewing advocates are doing , brings out its full range of tastes and aromas .
“ When I drink coffee I ’m looking for clarity , by which I mean distinguishable , characterful , interesting flavors , ” Mr. Hoffmann said .
The lightness of his brews did seem to highlight their very different aromas , which changed but remained enjoyable even as the remains cooled to room temperature .
“ No other liquid I know evolves as much as you drink it , ” he said .
I brought home some of Mr. Hoffmann ’s Yirgacheffe , an Ethiopian coffee that I love for its unusual blueberry aroma , and measured my brewing against his with the help of a refractometer , a device that measures dissolved solids .
( Refractometers are sold online beginning at around $ 50 ) .
I made a cup at my standard strength , which turned out to be 2.2 percent coffee solids .
When I dropped the strength close to Mr. Hoffmann ’s preferred 1.5 percent by using a third less ground coffee ( about 12 grams of coffee to 180 grams , or 6 fluid ounces , of water ) , the fruity aroma was much more evident , and the flavor generally brighter and more lively .
Clarity is a good word for the overall impression .
So I ’m making my coffee with more water now , and getting many more cups from a bag of beans .
You do n’t need a refractometer to explore the power of dilution , though a scale is advisable for getting close to Mr. Hoffmann ’s sweet spot for coffee , since volume measures are unreliable and the decimals count .
If you ’re in the habit of brewing strong cups from premium beans , then give his proportions a try , weighing out both coffee and water .
Or , later in the day , pour a glass of strong spirits or a big wine and try adding some water .
Or make one of Ms. Saunders ’s inverted cocktails .
And see whether the flavor you get is not so much watered - down as opened up , and good .
Image caption Jeanette Jackson was covered in blood when her friend came home
The death of a mother of two who froze on a doorstep in Warrington wearing only a fancy dress outfit was accidental , a coroner has ruled .
Jeanette Jackson , 47 , who was dressed up as a police constable , died of hypothermia on 1 February 2009 .
Despite her friend making seven 999 calls , it took police about two hours to arrive at the scene in Poplars Avenue .
A police watchdog said officers had " graded the calls appropriately " .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) said that Cheshire Police should be cleared of any blame because they had reacted appropriately to the information given over the phone .
Coroner Nicholas Rheinberg gave a verdict of accidental death at the inquest at Warrington Coroner 's Court .
He heard how Ms Jackson was three times over the drink - drive limit when she was found and she was incoherent and violent towards officers .
Ms Jackson had a history of heavy drinking and it is clear from the toxicology results that she had consumed a large amount on this occasion Naseem Malik , IPCC commissioner
Ms Jackson had met friends at a house in Poplars Avenue on 31 January with the intention of going out to celebrate a birthday in Warrington town centre .
However , when taxis arrived at approximately 2030 GMT Ms Jackson was deemed too drunk to be taken and was left outside the property in just her fancy dress outfit .
She remained there attempting to gain access and damaging the door as the temperature fell below freezing .
When her friend returned at 0040 GMT , Ms Jackson was still there and covered in blood so she called the police but she did not let Ms Jackson into the house .
A further six calls were made and a police officer arrived at the scene at 0254 GMT and found Ms Jackson bloodstained and banging on the door .
She was led to a police vehicle but collapsed .
An ambulance was called but she was pronounced dead at Warrington General Hospital .
' Tragic incident '
The investigation concluded the police grading of the calls was appropriate given the information contained in them .
An IPCC spokesman added : " However , it is evident due to resourcing issues the target response time of 60 minutes was missed .
" Cheshire Constabulary has reviewed and is in the process of upgrading its IT systems to ensure there is a clear , detailed knowledge of the status of patrols to ensure available resources can be deployed . "
IPCC commissioner Naseem Malik said : " This was a tragic incident resulting from a combination of excessive alcohol consumption and freezing temperatures .
" Ms Jackson had a history of heavy drinking and it is clear from the toxicology results that she had consumed a large amount on this occasion .
" It is clear the officers attending the scene acted professionally and did what they could to assist Ms Jackson . "
A Cheshire Police spokesman said : " The death of Jeanette Jackson is a tragic loss and our sympathies lie with her family , particularly her two sons .
Her death highlights the potentially fatal consequences of excessive drinking . "
In November of 2009 , Samsung put a video up on YouTube that did n't promise the moon — it just promised Android 2.0 for Behold II owners .
But now that Samsung 's reneged , it looks like it 's time to lawyer up .
UPDATED :
While Google continues to roll out Android updates — they 're all the way up to 2.2 — the Behold II has been stuck on 1.5 since the phone 's release .
And according to Samsung technical support , it 'll stay stuck there forever :
" Dear Matthew ,
Thank you for your inquiry .
The SGH - T939 will never qualify for the Android 2X update .
Your continued interest in Samsung products is appreciated .
Sincerely , Technical Support "
More daunting than any potential legal action — which at this point is limited to a sad online petition asking for a refund , update , or replacement — is the persistent problem of Android fragmentation that the Behold II 's woes bring into sharp relief .
Advertisement
Google 's Android chief Andy Rubin spoke with Matt about that exact problem last week , although unfortunately there do n't seem to be any ready answers on the horizon .
Other , maybe , than not buying such a hideous phone to begin with .
Advertisement
UPDATE : Samsung sent us the following statement , confirming that 2.0 will never happen for the Behold II :
Samsung Mobile and T - Mobile USA are planning to update the Behold II to Android 1.6 which provides access to Google Maps Navigation , Google Voice Search capability and quick search box for Android .
The update will also supply additional benefits including Swype , an improved Media Player , updated core Android applications and improved Bluetooth capabilities .
However , the Behold II is not upgradeable beyond Android 1.6 .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Enjoy your 1.6 consolation prize , friends .
Time to pick up the pace on that petition .
[ Android Headlines via Engadget ]
“ The unknown is frightening as long as there is the sense of self .
When we face the unknown and abandon selfhood , then the unknown changes from being frightening to being mysterious , full of wonder .
The mind is left in a state of wonderment , rather than terror .
This is the transmutation that frees , it liberates , it is our path . ”
♥
I ’ve had so many dharma “ fathers ” and “ mothers ” in my journey in Buddhism , that I sometimes lose track of them , though their teachings live in my heart and life .
Talking with a friend of mine recently on FaceBook , I was reminded of a teacher whose deep soulfulness always touched my heart .
His name is Ajahn Amaro .
He ’s been a Theravadin monk for over thirty years , and is a teacher and co-abbot of the Abhayagiri Buddhist Monastery in California ’s Redwood Valley .
My conversation with my friend reminded me of this particularly beautiful talk I had n’t thought of for years .
May it bless and inspire and enlighten you , as it has me and many others !
♥♥♥
Gotama Buddha Said , when he was an old man , “ This body is like an old cart , held together by straps ; this body only keeps going by makeshift repairs .
The only way I can feel comfortable is to absorb my mind into sign - less concentration . ”
For all of us , the Buddha included , we are faced with the inevitable presence of dissatisfaction and physical discomfort .
Ever present is the danger of pain and disease , because we are born .
Because there is a physical birth , there must be physical decay , the two have to go together , they are one thing .
Thus our only true refuge is the Deathless that which is not subject to disease , not subject to defilement , not subject to time or to limitation , that which is unsupported .
In this way , returning to our source , the Deathless , is our only way to cure disease , the only way to pass beyond it .
This returning to the Source , or realizing the Deathless , is the sense of coming to know the source of our life , the origin of our life .
Because it is the very fabric of our life , the basis of our existence , it is something that has been exerting a power of attraction on us all through our life , the attraction of Truth , of the Real , the completely satisfying , the completely safe .
When we are children we function on the instinctual level , and so that spiritual attraction becomes focused on / sublimated by food and warmth , comfort and toys .
Then , later on , that satisfaction if found with people , with activities , relationships , machines , ambitions , the doings of worldly existence .
All along , however , that pull has fundamentally been a spiritual motivation .
It gets sidetracked by the search for wealth , for material security , for permanent happy relationships .
But one sees the reason why these things do n’t complete the picture : they are not really sustainable as a support because they are impermanent , and also because the heart knows it has not gone the whole way , one has taken a side road .
If you are trying to make a journey to a distant place and you take a detour , you get caught up in interesting things along the way .
But it is only when you get to your destination that there is feeling of , “ Ahh , now we are home , now we are safe , now everything is okay . ”
Even when you are sidetracked , there is a feeling lingering in your heart , “ Well , there is a bit further to go . ”
Or , “ This is all very interesting , but , mmm , there is something missing here , there is something not quite right , not quite true , not quite final here . ”
The attraction towards Truth is fundamental .
It is attraction towards reality , the basic fabric of all being .
This is the primary natural law ; it ’s the living law that rules the universe .
The gravitation which draws all things to Truth , drawing everything to the center , this is the basic law of life .
So once we are attuned to this pull and have realized its spiritual nature , and have picked up the idea that life is fundamentally and completely a spiritual activity , once we have got that clear in our mind , the task is much easier , and the realization of the Goal becomes inevitable .
The tendency to get sidetracked becomes diminished ; the knowing of the true nature of the Goal calls us on , encourages and inspires us to keep going .
When we talk about the Deathless , or the Absolute , of the Goal , or the Other Shore , the mind goes a little bit blank trying to get a hold of it .
Even in the way we speak about ‘ Nibbána ’ – ‘ cooling down ’ , ‘ coolness ’ – we do n’t use any dramatic or emotive term , it ’s all a bit bland , non-descriptive .
We talk about ’ emptiness ’ : the realization of Absolute Truth , or of our true nature , the realization of the non-conceptual pure mind , we describe as ‘ the ultimate emptiness ’ .
We use that kind of terminology not because there is nothing there , but because when the conceptual mind tries to grasp ultimate reality , since it ca n’t be formed into a pattern , it finds that there is no thing there .
It is like picking up a book in Chinese ; if you ca n’t read Chinese you are picking up a book in a foreign language .
Here is a book , perhaps full of profound and wonderful teachings and pure truths , but you ca n’t read the script , so it ’s meaningless .
This is like the conceptual mind truing to grasp Ultimate Truth , the nature of the Godhead .
The thinking mind says , “ Well what is it ? ” “ How do you describe it ? ” “ Where is it ? ” “ Am I it ? ” “ Am I not it ? ”
It gropes for some kind of handle .
In the same way , the thinking mind falls flat , as when trying to read a book in Chinese or Devanagari or whatever when it only knows English .
So , because to the conceptual mind the experience of Ultimate Truth has no form , it can be described as ’ emptiness ’ .
But to the non-conceptual wisdom - mind , the realization of Truth is like the Truth seeing itself .
Pure Mind , aware of its own nature .
When the mind is completely unattached , when there is no identification , no sense of self whatsoever , the mind rests pure and still , simply aware of its own nature .
The Dhamma aware if its own nature .
There is a realization that everything is Dhamma , but that realization is non-verbal , non-conceptual , so the conceptual mind calls it empty .
But to itself , its real nature is apparent , it is understood , it is clear .
This is the source of our life , the basis of our reality .
Our world of people and things , of doing this and of doing that , this is what we call the world of manifestation , the conditioned or sensory world .
The Buddha taught in terms of the relationship between these two , the Unconditioned and the conditioned , the ultimate and the relative , the samutti sacca and paramattha sacca , conventional truth and ultimate truth .
A lot of Buddhist practice is about learning to understand the relationship between these two aspects of what is .
When we see clearly , when we have a realization of the Unconditioned , what flows forth is harmonious , beautiful , and that which is beautiful and harmonious helps to lead the mind back to the Uncreated .
All religious acts , teachings , works of art , these are designed to be harmonious and pure forms which draw the mind back to recognize the silence , stillness , that purity which lies behind all things .
As in the chanting that we do : even though the sound itself is quite beautiful , its real importance is that it leads the mind to an apprehension of the silence of Ultimate Truth which lies behind the sound , permeates the sound .
This is why certain pieces of music or works of art stop the mind , or fill the heart with warmth and light and a feeling of blessed - ness and beauty , It ’s a religious experience .
All true art is a religious experience .
That is what it is for .
One witnesses the same thing with relationships : if we try to find happiness simply on the level of personality , try to find a completely satisfying and perfect relationship just on the external level , then all we get is an outpouring of selfhood .
We get our projections of how the other person should behave , of what they should be like to make me happy .
This is something that one sees not just in romantic relationships , but also in monastic life as well , particularly within the relationship between someone and their teacher .
You find that if you have got very fixed ideas about the teacher — what they should be like , what the should say , what they should n’t say , what they should do and what they should n’t do –it is very much divided up into ‘ me ’ and ‘ them . ’
Then you end up feeling terribly pleased and enthusiastic about being connected with this person when they say all the things that you like and when they pat you on the head and compliment you .
And you also get filled with terrible irritation and disappointment , hurt feelings and anger when they do n’t do the things that you like , they upset your image of them or they do n’t fit into your projections about them .
Intense devotion and affection very easily goes into intense violence and destruction .
In the Greek myths , Aphrodite and Aries were lovers , even though they were the goddess of love and the god of war .
This is very indicative of the human condition , in that passion easily goes into either attraction or aversion .
When there is blindness there , it will go easily either way .
They say that 90 % of all murders have some kind of sexual aspect to them , which is a pretty astonishing statistic .
But you can see why .
You can see why , when we have very definite expectations or feelings about each other , and it remains stuck on a personal level , then we have to end up in dissatisfaction of some sort .
It has to be that way , because true satisfaction can only come by seeing that which is beyond personality , beyond the sense of ‘ me ’ and ‘ you ’ .
Devotion to a teacher , to a guru , or being in love , these are in a sense all religious experiences .
The devotional practices we do generate a sense of love ; because in that sense of love we lose identity , we lose the sense of ‘ me ’ .
In romantic love we forget ourselves because we are completely absorbed into the Other .
The Other becomes supremely important and the sense of ‘ I ’ vanishes .
The blissful feeling of being in love is almost religious , there is no sense of self , there is perfect happiness .
That happiness is conditioned because it depends on the presence of the other , their affection , or their abiding interest of whatever .
But at the moment of pure romantic contact the sense of self vanishes , and there is bliss .
In ‘ Gone with the Wind , the moment that Scarlett O’Hara and Rhett Butler kiss is very interesting ; it is described something like this : “ All she knew was everything vanished : the world vanished , he and she vanished , all there was - was total bliss and a great sound roaring in her ears . ”
Which is a very common description of mystical experiences !
So one sees that , on the level of personal relationship , when there is a complete abandonment of the sense of ‘ I ’ , it takes us , at least momentarily , to that place of unification , wholeness , contentment , of perfection .
The Religious Path is a way of taking this possibility of realizing perfect happiness , fullness of being , and making that an ever - present actuality that does n’t depend on the presence of the teacher of the presence of the beloved , or a kind work or good health or anything .
It is founded completely on mindfulness , wisdom and purity of heart ; it is not just an ecstatic experience of a wonderful piece of music of work of art .
It is only when that experience is founded on spiritual qualities , and is independent of the sensory world that we experience unshakability .
Otherwise , even though that experience is there , and for a moment there is complete transportation , it inevitably has a pale shadow of , “ This is n’t going to last .
This is wonderful now but I have to go home after the concert , I have to leave , have to separate , have to go to work , have to pay … ”
That is why this is a difficult path .
To establish the unshakable happiness means we have to be ready to leave all of the ‘ secondary ’ happiness ’s on one side .
We have to grow out of our old skins , like a reptile , of an insect grows out of its old skins and leaves them behind .
In our life we have to keep sustaining this sense of being ready to leave behind the old .
Not hanging on to our old skins , our old identities , our old achievements and attachments .
For an insect or a reptile , when they leave that skin behind , for that moment they are very fragile , vulnerable ; their new skin is soft , very delicate .
It takes time for it to harden and become strong .
So in our own spiritual development , when we leave something behind , when we let something go , there is a feeling of relief : “ Oh , glad I ’m out of that one . ”
But then there is a sense of vulnerability , being open to the way life actually is , with laying down the protection of our ‘ self ’ .
We are making ourselves open , sensitive to the entire vast nature of our life , the universe of whatever can be experienced by us .
So we can feel fear or hesitation : “ I think I ’ll just climb back into my old skin — it does n’t fit and it ’s falling to bits but at least I can try and cling back in there , I ’ll be covered up a little bit , protected a little bit . ”
But we realize in our hearts we can’t do this , you ca n’t get back into the clothes that you wore when you were five years old , no way .
There might be one or two things , like a scarf or a little bracelet or something that we had , but we realize that it ’s impossible to keep dragging along all our old identities , our loves and out attachments and our problems , our trials and our pains , our mistreatments .
It is hard for us to leave behind the things that we like but sometimes being parted from the things that make us suffer is even more difficult .
A wise teacher once said , “ You can take away anything from people except for their suffering , they will cling onto that until death . ”
We realize that in actuality we have to let everything go , no matter how reasonable it is to long for something , or to bemoan something , to feel pain over something .
We have to leave it all behind .
We ca n’t go back to it .
As we grow up we learn that the best thing , the only real way to go , is to face that sense of vulnerability , being open to the unknown .
The unknown is frightening : when we do n’t know , when the thinking mind ca n’t get itself around an experience , when it ca n’t describe , or name , or pigeonhole what ’s happening , then we experience fear — because of the sense of self .
The unknown is frightening as long as there is the sense of self .
When we face the unknown and abandon selfhood , then the unknown changes from being frightening to being mysterious , full of wonder .
The mind is left in a state of wonderment , rather than terror .
This is the transmutation that frees ; it liberates ; it is our path .
From the talk “ Emptiness and Pure Awareness ” given at Chithurst , U.K. , during the winter retreat , February 1991
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
Sangin 's residents have criticised the planned withdrawal later this year of British troops from their town , complaining that four years of fighting have failed to bring peace or development .
" The British have failed , " said Haji Fazlul Haq , a former town governor , speaking by telephone .
" They could not bring security to the town and that is why they are handing it to the Americans . "
The blunt assessment was shared by other residents who expressed greater confidence in US forces due to take control in November .
" The Americans fight harder .
I think the Taliban will be afraid of this change of command , " said Haji Abdul Wahab , acting director of the peace commission of Helmand , a government body that promotes reconciliation .
Their reaction offered little consolation to British forces , who have paid a high price in Sangin .
More than 100 British soldiers have died around the town since Tony Blair deployed the first troops in June 2006 , making it the deadliest battlezone for western soldiers in Afghanistan .
British commanders say the withdrawal is not an admission of failure but rather a routine battlefield reorganisation that reflects the increased American presence in the province .
There are currently 20,000 US soldiers in Helmand , twice as many as the British , and more are coming .
But there is little doubt that the British exit is an admission of the difficulty of purging the Taliban from a town in the grip of the heroin trade and surrounded by determined insurgents .
While British soldiers have battlefield superiority over their enemy , many of whom are armed with basic rifles , the nature of the counter - insurgency requires them to conduct " presence patrols " in villages .
This makes them an easy target for insurgents who plant roadside bombs by night then melt into the population during the day .
The Taliban are also becoming more canny : this year troops reported more landmines with no metal content , rendering metal detectors useless .
Some residents did recognise the British sacrifices .
" I do n't want to put all the blame on British because they have lost many lives here " said Shamsullah Khan , a candidate for September 's parliamentary elections .
In Pakistan , the British move was seen as confirmation of the view that the Nato war in Afghanistan was unwinnable in its present form .
" It 's like chasing a nameless , invisible enemy , " said Rustum Shah Mohmand , a former Pakistani ambassador to Afghanistan .
" This is not about [ Hamid ] Karzai , or corruption , or the marginalisation of the Pashtuns .
It 's about the presence of the foreign forces .
Until they leave , peace will never come to Afghanistan , " he said .
It is not the only high - profile pullout in Afghanistan of recent months .
In April , US forces withdrew from the Korengal valley in the east of the country , dubbed the " valley of death " by soldiers , ending years of intense but fruitless fighting .
Forty - two Americans died and hundreds were wounded in fighting between 2006 and 2009 in the valley .
Nato has postponed a planned surge into Kandahar until the autumn amid fears of heavy Taliban resistance .
The operations are taking place against a backdrop of regional political intrigues .
In recent months Karzai has held a series of meetings with Pakistan 's army and intelligence chiefs , ostensibly with a view to negotiating a peace deal with the Taliban .
Riffat Hussain , a professor of defence studies at Quaid - e - Azam University in Islamabad , said the Sangin withdrawal was not likely to have a major impact on the Pakistan military 's calculations .
" They 're more concerned with what General [ David ] Petraeus is going to do .
That 's the major strategic concern right now , " he said , referring to the US commander who took over from General Stanley McChrystal after comments about the Obama administration to Rolling Stone magazine cost McChrystal his job .
Petraeus has promised to review the rules of engagement governing Nato troops , which many soldiers had complained were too restrictive .
But human rights activists and many Afghans worry that a change in the rules will lead to higher civilian casualties .
In Sangin , war - weary residents are bracing for an increase in violence as American troops try to succeed where the British failed .
" One thing we know : the violence will increase , " said Surat Khan , a brick - factory worker in Bastonzai , near Sangin .
" The Americans will not be as defensive as the British .
They are serious about conducting operations . "
Solaiman Shah , a vegetable seller , was more sympathetic about the British losses .
" The Brits have not helped us but they sacrificed a lot .
" It will take a long time for the Americans to build the same relationship with the people . "
Washington ( CNN ) --
In another dramatic victory for firearm owners , the Supreme Court has ruled unconstitutional Chicago , Illinois ' , 28 - year - old strict ban on handgun ownership , a potentially far - reaching case over the ability of state and local governments to enforce limits on weapons .
A 5 - 4 conservative majority of justices on Monday reiterated its 2 - year - old conclusion that the Constitution gives individuals equal or greater power than states on the issue of possession of certain firearms for self - protection .
" It can not be doubted that the right to bear arms was regarded as a substantive guarantee , not a prohibition that could be ignored so long as states legislated in an evenhanded manner , " wrote Justice Samuel Alito .
The court grounded that right in the due process section of the 14th Amendment .
The justices , however , said local jurisdictions still retain the flexibility to preserve some " reasonable " gun-control measures currently in place nationwide .
In dissent , Justice Stephen Breyer predicated far - reaching implications .
" Incorporating the right , " he wrote , " may change the law in many of the 50 states .
Read in the majority 's favor , the historical evidence " for the decision " is at most ambiguous . "
He was supported by Justices John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor .
At issue was whether the constitutional " right of the people to keep and bear arms " applies to local gun control ordinances , or only to federal restrictions .
The basic question had remained unanswered for decades , and gave the conservative majority on the high court another chance to allow Americans expanded weapon ownership rights .
A key question was how far the court would apply competing parts of the 14th Amendment to preserve some " reasonable " gun control measures currently in place nationwide .
The appeal was filed by a community activist in Chicago who sought a handgun for protection from gangs .
Otis McDonald told CNN outside his South Side home that he wants a handgun to protect himself and his family from the violence in his neighborhood .
" That 's all I want , is just a fighting chance , " he said .
" Give me the opportunity to at least make somebody think about something before they come in my house on me . "
His application for a handgun permit was denied in a city with perhaps the toughest private weapons restrictions in the nation .
The justices two years ago affirmed an individual 's right to possess such weapons , tossing out restrictive laws in the federal enclave of the District of Columbia .
The larger issue is one that has polarized judges , politicians and the public for decades :
Do the Second Amendment 's 27 words bestow gun ownership as an individual right or as a collective one -- aimed at the civic responsibilities of state militias and therefore subject , perhaps , to strict government regulation ?
And is that regulation limited to federal laws , or can it be applied to local communities ?
The amendment states : " A well - regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . "
Gun rights groups applauded the decision .
" Today marks a great moment in American history , " said Wayne LaPierre of the National Rifle Association .
" It is a vindication for the great majority of American citizens who have always believed the Second Amendment was an individual right and freedom worth defending . "
Some gun control advocates tried to put a positive spin on the opinion .
" There is nothing in today 's decision that should prevent any state or local government from successfully defending , maintaining , or passing , sensible , strong gun laws , " said Paul Helmke , of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence .
The court majority refused to limit its 2008 District of Columbia ruling .
That decision offered at least partial constitutional validation to citizens seeking the right to possess one of the most common types of firearms in their homes .
The Chicago ruling now extends that right significantly .
The Justice Department estimates that as many as 275 million guns are in the United States .
In 2005 , three - quarters of the 10,100 homicides by firearms nationwide were committed with handguns .
Underpinning the legal basis for the court 's jurisdiction in this appeal is a complex reading of the 14th Amendment , passed after the Civil War to ensure that all citizens -- including newly freed slaves -- were protected from state laws that might restrict their fundamental rights .
One part ensures that states cannot deprive people of " life , liberty , or property , without due process of law . "
That has been commonly applied by federal courts when it comes to disputes over basic rights , so - called " ordered liberty " cases .
Such cases include affirming the right to abortion , and to homosexual sex .
But another rarely used provision also prevents states from depriving the " privileges or immunities " of all citizens .
The specific question for the high court in the Chicago case was whether the " immunities and privileges " clause should be used to overturn the handgun ban .
An 1873 ruling limited use of that provision when considering a variety of state laws .
McDonald 's lawyer , Alan Gura , promoted a new reading of the clause , in his lead role representing gun owners .
The constitutional theories are dense , but some legal scholars had said that if the high court embraced this " privileges and immunities " clause , it could open up to fresh review a huge range of issues , like property rights and gay marriage .
Courts have generally upheld other cities ' restrictions on semiautomatic weapons and sawed - off shotguns .
The conservative high court majority has in recent years upheld a California ban on assault rifles , similar to a federal ban that expired in 2004 .
Forty - four state constitutions protect their residents ' right to keep weapons , according to a brief filed by 32 state attorneys general in support of the individual weapons owners in the current appeals .
Some constitutional experts have noted the Bill of Rights had traditionally been applied by courts only to the federal government , not to local entities .
It was not until the past half - century that the justices have viewed free speech , assembly , and the press -- among other rights -- as individual in nature , and fundamental to liberty , superseding in many cases the power of states .
There have been limits .
The high court has repeatedly refused to extend to states the 5th Amendment requirement that persons can be charged with serious crimes only by " indictment of a grand jury . "
The current case was McDonald v. Chicago ( 08 - 1521 ) .
 from FindLaw
Shirley Sherrod 's story was big news this week .
If you missed it , the story went like this : Conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart posted a video clip of Sherrod -- a kindly African - American woman who was the Georgia State Director for Rural Development of the U.S. Department of Agriculture -- giving what appeared to be a racist , anti-white speech to an NAACP audience in March .
In the speech , Sherrod appeared to be openly discriminating against a white farmer .
Fox
News ran large with the story , with prime - time hosts O'Reilly > and Hannity in red - faced rage over Sherrod 's remarks , calling for her head .
The Obama Administration quickly , and thoughtlessly , fired Sherrod , and the NAACP foolishly embraced her firing .
Turns out everyone except Sherrod got it wrong .
Now , many are asking , Should Sherrod sue Breitbart , Fox News , or both ?
With a Video Clip Distorting the Truth , Should Sherrod Sue for False - Light Invasion of Privacy ?
Breitbart 's video clip ( which was 2:38 minutes long ) totally distorted Sherrod 's redemption talk ( which was 43:15 minutes long ) .
Breitbart 's blog post characterized Sherrod 's point as the exact opposite of what she was , in fact , sharing with her audience .
CNN , which refused to run the initial story , talked with both Sherrod and the farmer , and they explained that , in fact , Sherrod had helped him save his farm .
By mid-week , and with the full forty - three - minute speech available online , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs apologized to Sherrod on behalf of the Administration , and Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack , who had earlier demanded her resignation , was trying to persuade the wronged Sherrod to take a new position with his department .
The NAACP announced that it had been " snookered " by Breitbart and Fox News , and apologized to Sherrod as well .
Clearly , a great injustice was done to Shirley Sherrod .
So it is not surprising that she is considering -- and many have urged her to file -- a lawsuit to right the wrongs she has suffered .
By week 's end , Sherrod told the CBS Morning Show that she " would definitely consider " legal action .
There have been posts all over the Internet encouraging such action .
Here is a small sampling .
At CNN : " I 'm thrilled that the NAACP has owned up to its mistake and come to her defense .
I would hope that this includes legal assistance , and that she files a very loud , very messy lawsuit against all parties involved in this despicable episode , " said commenter Julieann Wozniak .
A newsvine.com poll on the question " Should Shirley Sherrod sue Andrew Breitbart over edited video tape or simply move on ? " was running eighty - nine percent favoring the suit when I last checked .
And George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley wrote an extended blog post asking a more fundamental question : " Can Sherrod Sue Over the NAACP Tape ? "
Setting aside the race - baiting politics of Breitbart , and the remarkably inept handling of this matter by the Obama Administration and the NAACP , since there has been no shortage of commentary on both subjects , I would like to examine the potential of such litigation if Sherrod were to file it , as well as its likely impact .
Sherrod 's Most Viable Lawsuit -- Based on a " False Light " Claim -- Is Problematic
Professor Turley zeroes in on the most viable lawsuit Sherrod appears to have based on the known facts : a suit for what is called false - light invasion of privacy .
Such a claim is separate from a defamation claim , and in some states , depending on the facts alleged , courts see the two types of action as duplicative and dismiss the false - light claim in order to proceed with the defamation claim .
What is interesting here , however , is that the false - light claim seems to more accurately describe what was done to Sherrod than a defamation claim -- which requires a specific , false factual statement -- would .
To explain the nature of the action , Turley cites and quotes the Restatement of Law definition of the tort known as Publicly Placing a Person in a False Light : " One who gives publicity to a matter concerning another that places the other before the public in a false light is subject to liability to the other for invasion of his privacy , if ( a ) the false light in which the other was placed would be highly offensive to a reasonable person , and ( b ) the actor had knowledge of or acted in reckless disregard as to the falsity of the publicized matter and the false light in which the other would be placed . "
Of course , the Restatement is merely a model , without its own legal force .
But Georgia , where Sherrod was injured by the false attack , and California , where Breitbart lives , both have laws recognizing a false - light tort along the lines the Restatement describes .
Professor Turley points out the difficulty with respect to Sherrod 's succeeding in such a suit : Plaintiffs who are public officials are considered public figures , and held to a different standard .
Sherrod appears to be both a public official and a public figure , as an USGA official who has been forced to thrust herself into the spotlight in her own defense .
To be more specific , the U.S. Supreme Court has imposed a First - Amendment standard on all state laws ( as well as on federal law ) through its interpretation of the Constitution .
To protect freedom of speech and the press , the High Court has required extremely high levels of proof and evidence before anyone making a public statement will be held accountable for it .
Thus , the offending statement must have been made with " actual malice , " a state of mind which , ironically , need not be actually malicious .
( This is not the best label the Court has ever selected , as it can thus be very misleading . )
Rather , this Supreme - Court - created constitutional requirement has come to mean that for a defendant to be liable when sued by a public person , the statement at issue must have been made with the knowledge that it was false , or with reckless disregard to whether it was true or false .
Furthermore , this knowledge -- amounting to " actual malice " -- must be established by clear and convincing evidence .
The Court made this the law in order to give public commentary ample breathing room , for it assumed ( incorrectly , for many , I believe ) that because public people have access to the media , they can often easily correct false information concerning them , when it makes its way into the marketplace of ideas , by simply entering into the public debate themselves .
If Sherrod Were to Sue , Her Problem Would Not Just Be Proving " Actual Malice " But Also Proving Damages
In truth , the Court has created a wonderful refuge for scoundrels , the kind of place from which a Fox News or Andrew Breitbart can safely attack others with impunity .
Here , in the Sherrod situtation , it would be all but impossible to prove that Fox News acted with actual malice .
Let 's start with the possibility of a suit against Fox News .
Here is how things will likely go :
Fox News will claim that it had no reason to suspect that there was more to the video clip than it was given -- notwithstanding that Fox News surely knew that Breitbart , generally , was less than a reliable source .
Other news organizations ran the clip as well , which would help Fox News 's suggestion that its action in running it was reasonable .
There is nothing better than a lawsuit ( or a charge of recklessness ) to bring out claims of innocence by news organizations .
What about a suit against Breitbart himself ?
As for proving that Breitbart released this clip with reckless disregard for its truth or falsity , I think a case might be made , although he has said he did no editing of the clip ; rather , it was given to him by his unnamed source , which he is unwilling to reveal .
( When and if that source is revealed , his or her identity will be very interesting to learn . )
Nonetheless , Breitbart surely knew there was more to Sherrod 's speech than the small clip he was given , and he never bothered to find out what Sherrod had actually said .
So he may well have acted with reckless disregard .
But there is another problem with a lawsuit against Breitbart , as well .
No doubt Jon Turley wrote his blog posting before Secretary Vilsack offered Sherrod an apology and reinstatement at USAD in a " unique " position to work on civil rights .
This offer has largely removed any financial damages that would otherwise have arisen from her forced resignation forty - eight hours earlier .
Moreover , the intense media coverage has further ameliorated the damage -- for it is now well - understood by anyone who follows the news at all that Sherrod is not a racist , but rather the victim of Andrew Breitbart 's ugly politics .
It is clear that she was unfairly and falsely charged .
With only nominal damages at issue now , no attorney is going to take on this case on a contingency basis ; even if a jury ( or judge ) were to award punitive damages to punish Breitbart , it does not appear he has very deep pockets , and libel - law - related verdicts are often dramatically reduced on appeal .
In short , filing the action would not be financially rewarding , and it certainly would be ( as with all lawsuits ) very expensive , easily costing over a million dollars .
Overall , Shirley Sherrod Would Be Wise Not to Sue Anyone Over The Incident
Frankly , if I found myself in Shirley Sherrod 's situation , I would file a lawsuit next week .
But I could represent myself in court , and would take delight in going after a jackass like Breitbart , not to mention Fox News , to expose what they are doing .
For me , the reward would be holding them accountable for even nominal damages and making their lives miserable .
There is little doubt that such a legal action could proceed beyond any initial motions seeking immediate dismissal .
And after that crucial threshold , I would have subpoena power and the ability to question those involved under oath .
This would make it possible to fully uncover how this fraud was actually perpetrated .
While I might enjoy doing this , I cannot recommend that anyone without legal training and litigation experience get into what might nicely be described as a brawl with skunks .
Sherrod should be advised ( and I say this based on a lot of personal experience ) that conservatives like Breitbart will not play nicely merely because they have been taken to court .
These authoritarian personalities , and those who share their thinking , go ballistic when confronted with legal actions .
They resist being held accountable , and feel particularly threatened by legal actions .
What Breitbart will do if Sherrod files a lawsuit against him is to quickly create a legal defense fund , with the support and financing of like - thinking conservatives , and he will hire as nasty an attorney as is available in his tribe .
Soon , he will be using the legal process to harass Sherrod by digging into every inch of her life , and perhaps even countersuing Sherrod for claims as to which she has no knowledge .
It will be ugly , and she must plan on several years of intense unpleasantness .
Breitbart , it is clear , is not backing down .
Authoritarians never do .
He refuses to explain where he got the edited video clip of Sherrod , and he is not apologizing .
This is standard authoritarian behavior .
To the contrary , he is continuing to attack Sherrod , along with his larger target , the NAACP .
He claims that he is sorry that she got messed over by the Obama Administration and the NAACP , but he is not letting up on his race - baiting .
He would no doubt celebrate a lawsuit -- until he lost it , and then would claim , in fact , that he had won .
Andrew Breitbart doubtless loves all the publicity he is getting , for authoritarians feel no shame , and they become so swept up in their self - righteousness , that they believe they are doing the world a favor .
Hopefully , Sherrod will not proceed with a lawsuit for it will involve much more unpleasantness , and much of her time , with little reward .
On the other hand , Andrew Breitbart , the Obama Administration , and the NAACP have given her a meaningful public presence .
She has an important and timely message to send , and now , she also has a commanding presence on the public stage through which to share it .
She should write a book and lecture , and share her experiences .
Even thinking conservatives must acknowledge that Breitbart made himself look more the jerk , so I would hope that Sherrod gives her malevolent detractor no more of the negative attention he so craves .
_______
About author John W. Dean is a columnist for FindLaw and a former counsel to the President .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Get back
From the
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:47 , archived ) From the Animated Albums challenge .
See all 299 entries ( closed ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:47 ,
very good
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:48 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:48 ,
hahaha !
fantastic ! ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:49 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:49 ,
but they need to cross the road to get to the toilet !
Look at them , they 're already touching cloth !
:)
* clicks * ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:50 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:50 ,
brilliant !
:) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:50 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:50 ,
Hahaha , fantastic .
You have a great imagination , elvisweathercock .
Top hummus .
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:51 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:51 ,
Careful : Genius At Work !
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:52 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:52 ,
I was thinking of something like that ...
I did this instead
... but I have fuck all skill ... I did this instead archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:53 ,
have a woo !
top work :) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:56 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:56 ,
yay ... do have a woo too
: D ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:59 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:59 ,
Thanky !
( and to speshulknees )
BTW , what do you use to do these ?
I 'm using PS / CS4 and its a pain in the arse ... ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:02 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:02 ,
CS2
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:13 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:13 ,
brilliant !
it 's like something cyriak would do :) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:53 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:53 ,
Arf ! :D
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:54 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:54 ,
another beatles to be FP'd :D
* click * ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:55 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:55 ,
I shall click this now ,
but it will make no difference really , as I already have clicked it .
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:57 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 21:57 ,
Who keeps doing that ?
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:32 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:32 ,
that 's supoib
: D ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:36 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:36 ,
* applauds *
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:44 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:44 ,
Lovely !
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:47 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:47 ,
Lovely !
archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:53 ,
: D... Ha ha ha ...:D
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:55 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:55 ,
Now you 're thinking with portals !
( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 8:08 , archived ) ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 8:08 ,
They must be off to the Party .
But will there be cake ?
( , Tue 1 Jun 2010 , 13:49 , archived ) ( , Tue 1 Jun 2010 , 13:49 ,
Bahahaha
superb :D ( , Sun 30 May 2010 , 18:43 , archived ) ( , Sun 30 May 2010 , 18:43 ,
This is ace !
( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:57 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 22:57 ,
Inspired .
And beatifully executed .
* Is very much about the clickety clicking of this one . * ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 23:48 , archived ) ( , Thu 27 May 2010 , 23:48 ,
wow
impressive ! ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 9:37 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 9:37 ,
" Easily dismissed " and " simply false on its face " was Federal Communications Commissioner Mignon Clyburn 's response on Thursday to charges that the FCC 's proposed net neutrality rules represent a throwback to old AT&T monopoly - era regulations .
The Commission 's plan is indeed to " reclassify " ISPs as common carriers , but then to " forebear " many rules contained in Title II of the Communications
Act 's common carrier toolkit — save those needed to keep ISPs from discriminating against applications and services they do n't like .
The whole point of the approach " is to avoid applying any such old - world rules , " Clyburn told the Media Institute .
" Without forbearance there is no reclassification .
You can not have one without the other .
Think peanut butter and jelly .
Salt and Pepper. Batman and Robin .
You get the picture . "
We 're not exactly sure how the Caped Crusader with crunchy spread and a dash of seasoning walked into this scenario .
But we know why Clyburn is taking on net neutrality 's chorus of critics .
Last week 73 Democratic members of the House of Representatives and nearly all of that august body 's Republicans signed onto statements opposing the agency 's latest Open Internet scheme .
That involves " reclassifying " ISPs from Title I " information service " providers to Title II " telecommunications " services on a limited basis .
So some FCC pushback was needed — and Clyburn clearly relishes that job , periodically blasting Comcast for ISP rate hikes and slamming Verizon for its super sized early termination fees .
Here are the three main anti-net neutrality arguments that the Commish says do n't hold water .
No days of yore
First , the FCC does not want " burdensome rules for broadband from a day which has long passed , " said Clyburn " Rather , the Chairman [ Julius Genachowski ] is proposing that we re-establish the authority that the Commission and most observers thought we had as of the 5th of April , that bright and sunny day prior the DC Circuit ’s decision in the Comcast case . "
Actually , most observers concluded after oral arguments in mid-January that FCC authority over ISPs ( used in this case to sanction Comcast for P2P blocking ) was doomed .
But it 's certainly true that on April 5th the court confirmed that nothing in Title I of the law gave the agency the power to act as it had .
The new proposal " is thus not a power grab , " Clyburn insisted , and " it 's not a return to days of yore . "
The court decision " tied our hands about how to go about achieving this ; we now have a limited but clear path to attain our modest but essential goals . "
Second , she argued against the claim that the FCC needs signs of a " significant market shift " to reverse its earlier 2002 decision not to classify ISPs as telecommunications carriers .
That was the gist of a Washington Post editorial published late last month :
" While agencies have broad latitude in reevaluating regulatory schemes , reversals should be linked to significant market shifts , " the Post opined .
" The facts do not support such a conclusion , and the FCC should not now try to shoehorn broadband into an existing — but incompatible — regulatory scheme . "
But there 's nothing in administrative law , Clyburn countered , that says that the FCC has to identify " significant market shifts " to change its course ( and the Post editorial did n't even bother to define the concept ) .
" The long and the short of it is that the Commission must simply provide a reasoned justification and not simply change course without explanation . "
And the whole point of the FCC originally classifying ISPs as a Title I " information service , " Clyburn noted , was to give the agency the " light regulatory touch " powers it might need to reign in ISPs , as in the case of Comcast 's P2P throttling .
So the intentions of the FCC towards the broadband market have not changed , just the circumstances under which the agency can regulate .
Uncertainty ?
Please ...
Finally , the Commissioner dismissed complaints that the FCC's new classification scheme would cause " regulatory uncertainty " in the broadband market .
In fact , were the agency forced to continue to look to Title I for regulatory powers over ISPs , it would have to cobble rules together from a confusing hodgepodge of sections from that law , launching perhaps half a dozen proceedings to get the job done .
With Title II , " we have both a clean process and , at worst , a colorable and straightforward argument in the courts , " Clyburn contended .
" The process would result in a reclassification of broadband connectivity to a telecommunications service — with a strong side of forbearance — and thus allows us to implement key features of our Broadband Plan .
Just one proceeding can satisfy a series of desired outcomes . "
And if common carrier rules are such a terrible thing , Clyburn pointedly asked , why does the wireless industry so often praise its fortunes under them ?
She quoted Verizon 's recent proclamation that the FCC's " light regulatory approach " to mobile voice services " has worked , most importantly by preserving the incentives for wireless providers to invest in their networks , knowing that their own competitive decisions will determine their success or failure . "
How , Clyburn noted , can these companies " praise the regulatory regime governing wireless , and on the other hand sound the alarm of ' uncertainty ' for a nearly identical framework proposed for broadband connectivity ?
The level of uncertainty should be , at worst , equal . "
Not one complaint
These counterpoints will be met by responses soon enough from both wired and wireless broadband providers .
Last week we had a long chat with Steve Largent , CEO of CTIA - The Wireless Association , and CTIA 's regulatory Vice President Christopher Guttman - McCabe .
They sounded like they were both at the end of their tether .
" There 's never been one complaint or harm that has been brought to the FCC or Congress or the wireless industry that would be addressed by net neutrality regulation , " Largent insisted .
And wireless broadband is more easily overloaded with data , and needs more network management , he added .
CTIA 's boss also challenged the claim that the FCC 's forebeared version of Title II would represent a " light regulatory touch . "
Even under the FCC 's latest plan , these rules " would be burdensome and a heavy load to carry . "
Title II rules " were never intended for the wireless industry , " Largent warned .
" They were intended for wireline monopolies .
And clearly , we are not a monopoly . "
Looks like it 's going to be a long time before references to the " days of yore " disappear from this debate .
July 12 , 2010  --
At the age of 16 , Cameron Williams lives a life far removed from the world of other teenagers .
Williams , who celebrated his sixteenth birthday in jail , faces up to 110 years behind bars for second - degree attempted murder and use of a weapon to commit a felony .
In November , Williams shot at a police officer in Omaha , Nebraska as he was being chased after being pulled over in a car with two other men .
He 's also charged with robbery and assault in another county .
Even though he is a minor , Williams was charged in an adult court because of his troublesome history and the " serious nature of the crime , " the county attorney 's office said .
" Anybody who pulls a gun and aims it at a police officer is a very serious threat and I would consider him a very dangerous individual , " chief deputy Brenda Beadle told ABC News .
Williams is one of many young adults facing the prospect of life in prison as the debate over whether juveniles should be tried as adults rages on .
The Justice Department estimates that about 10 percent of all homicides are committed by juveniles under the age of 18 .
Nearly every year , the FBI arrests more than 33,000 young adults under the age of 18 for offenses .
The number of violent crimes committed by young people declined substantially from the 1990s to 2003 , but then surged again that year , with the estimated number of juvenile murder offenders increasing 30 percent , according to the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention .
Juvenile Judge Elizabeth Crnkovich , one of five judges in Douglas County 's juvenile courts -- a system Williams has been through in the past -- says there is a disturbing trend of increasing violence among young people .
" Uniformly in our communities , more and more young people are engaging in more and more dangerous and serious behavior .
And I see as a result of that , more prosecutors and the citizens generally seem to be exerting more pressure to charge these youths as adults , as opposed to having them processed through the juvenile justice system , " she said .
Juvenile courts focus on rehabilitation , unlike adult jails and prisons , where criminals are subject to incarceration and much harsher sentences .
Today , virtually every juvenile offender who has a past criminal history , or is arrested for a violent crime like rape or murder , is tried in an adult court .
Should Juvenile Offenders be Charged in Adult Courts ?
The trend began in the 1990s , when virtually every state expanded the rules under which juvenile offenders could be charged as adults .
" The juvenile justice system has been ' reinvented ' in the image of the adult criminal justice system , " Robert Schwartz , co-founder of the Juvenile Law Center , and Thomas Grisso , a clinical psychologist at the University of Massachusetts Medical School , wrote in an executive summary for their book , " Youth on Trial . "
" In the words of one ' get - tough ' advocate , juvenile offenders 'are criminals who happen to be young , not children who happen to be criminal . "
In May , the Supreme Court handed down a decision that will soften sentences against some juveniles .
The nation 's highest court ruled that juvenile offenders who have n't been convicted of murder cannot be sentenced to life in prison without any chance of parole .
The United States was the only country , prior to the ruling , that did not have a such a law .
Opponents of trying juveniles in adult courts say more needs to be done for the nation 's young criminals , and that the law needs to take into account their psychological development and maturity .
The current system is " so at odds with what the research tells us about the kids , " said Marsha Levick , deputy director and co-founder of the Philadelphia - based Juvenile Law Center .
" We 're deciding at a point in his life when we simply do n't have the ability to know who he 'll be in 10 or 15 or 20 years . "
" It 's equal to sentencing someone to die in prison , " she said .
" It 's making these irrevocable decisions about kids under circumstances where the research does n't support making those kinds of decisions . "
But prosecutors say they only consider this scenario if the juvenile is deemed too dangerous for society .
" We do consider all the options for a juvenile court if they do n't have a record .
Based on the nature of the offence , we automatically send them to juvenile , " Beadle said .
" There are several layers you go through before you try individuals as an adult . "
If the judges are lenient , Williams may still be able to walk free after serving half his sentence -- which could amount to a couple of decades -- but there are many more young offenders that may never experience life outside of prison .
In the same county as Williams , two other teens , Juan Castaneda and Eric Ramirez , are charged for first - degree murder in a 2008 crime spree that killed multiple people .
There are similar cases around the country of juvenile offenders that have committed violent crime .
Just last week , a 12 - year - old boy in Missouri was charged with two counts of first - degree murder for killing his mother and stepfather .
In Pennsylvania , another 12 - year - old boy is charged with murdering his father 's pregnant fiance .
Meanwhile , juvenile courts are also seeing more cases of non-violent crime .
In 2007 , courts with juvenile jurisdiction handled an estimated 1.7 million delinquency cases , up 44 percent from 1985 , according to the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention .
Williams ' attorney says it is difficult to predict whether the young offender would commit another violent crime in the future , but that he should have gone through all other court - ordered programs available to teenagers before being charged as an adult .
" We can never predict the future .
I 'm guessing this is a tough lesson he 's learned in life and it will hopefully keep him from the streets and gangs , " said Williams ' attorney , Glenn Shapiro .
" He literally just got his life back , and then lost it . "
The threat to the 50 % Telecom - owned Southern Cross Cable monopoly has moved another step closer to reality .
Pacific Fibre , backed by rich listers Sir Stephen Tindall , Sam Morgan and Rod Drury , today announced an alliance with Hong Kong and Singapore headquartered Pacnet to build a $ US400 million undersea cable between Australia , New Zealand and the US .
The two companies will begin the process of selecting a vendor to lay the cable shortly , and say they will have it in service by 2013 .
Competitive vendor bidding to lay create and lay the cable has seen the sticker price , which had already dropped to $ 500 million , fall another $ 100 million .
Tellingly , one industry insider told NBR that Pacnet was one of the largest - perhaps the largest - Southern Cross Cable wholesale partner .
Certainly , it was the highest profile neutral Southern Cross Cable reseller ( Telecom Wholesale and Verizon , among others , also sell capacity to ISPs and others ) .
ISPs locked into contracts
The joint venture cannot expect business to simply walk in the door , however .
Speaking previously to NBR about Pacific Fibre 's plans , Paul Clarkin - co-owner and CTO of second - tier ISP WorldXchange said :
" Any competition in submarine cables is good for all parties as it guarantees diversity , redundancy and general wholesale bandwidth price drops .
" However , most of us are locked into term contracts with our current bandwidth providers so it is not simply a matter of switching overnight to who is the cheapest bandwidth provider . "
Previously , a Southern Cross Cable marketing rep has bragged to NBR that the company has some big customers locked into deals until 2020 .
50 - 50 venture - for the moment
Pacific Fibre 's partnership with the more established Pacnet would be a 50 - 50 venture - at least for the moment , a spokesman told NBR this afternoon .
" It depends on the final allocation of fibre pairs , and any 3rd players , but it 's 50/50 partnership for now , " said the spokesman , who said the project was similar to the multi- partner Unity / Google cable between the US and Japan .
The crux of the partnership question will be whether a third party buys another " fibre pair " .
A cable can have up to eight fibre pairs .
The current plan is for Pacific Fibre and Pacnet to have one pair each .
An additional investor could buy in and add a fibre pair to the project , albeit at extra cost .
" Each party can have its own terminating equipment [ for its fibre pair ] , and other parties cannot see what they are doing , " the Pacific Fibre spokesman said .
In the case of the Google / Unity cable , Pacnet is the largest investor with ownership of two of the five fibre pairs .
Pacific Fibre chief executive Mark Rushworth described the his company and Pacnet as " equal partners " at this point .
READ ALSO : Pacific Fibre boss : we ’re close to signing anchor contracts
Winners , losers
ISPs , and customers , who consider that the Bermuda - incorporated Southern Cross Cable inflates prices will celebrate the news .
The losers are Telecom ( NZX : TEL ) and Pacific Fibre 's wannabe transtasman partner Kordia , which promptly announced it was throwing in the towel .
Wither Wellington
Another apparent loser is Wellington .
The capital , which originally appeared on Pacific Fibre promo maps showing a future cable joining Sydney , Auckland , Wellington and LA , is not featured in today 's Pacific Fibre - Pacnet announcement - which outlines a cable between Sydney , Auckland and the West Coast of the US .
The Pacific Fibre spokesman said the Wellington landing point was always " optional . " .
Telecom owns the Southern Cross Cable in partnership with Singtel Optus ( which hold a 40 % stake in the venture ) and Verizon ( 10 % ) .
It delivered Telecom an $ 80 million dividend last year - although the company has always maintained that the Auckland to Sydney stretch of its cable ( that is , its monopoly leg ) accounts for only a small percentage of its profit .
Heavy - duty partner
Pacific
Fibre recently raised around $ 1 million in a " friends and family " private equity round that included David Kirk and Gareth Morgan , among others .
But Pacnet will bring serious muscle to the venture .
The privately - held Australian company - a one - time $ US420 million bidder for Telecom 's AAPT division - owns and operates EAC - C2C , the region ’s largest privately - owned submarine cable network at 36,800 km , with a design capacity of 10.24 Tbps , as well as EAC Pacific , which spans 9,620 km across the Pacific Ocean and delivers up to 1.92 Tbps of capacity between Asia and North America .
Asked today if Pacnet would participate in the current round of bidding for AAPT , which has every appearance of faltering , chief executive Bill Barney acknowledged his company had made two previous attempts to buy Telecom 's Australian subsidiary .
But it had no plans to participate in the latest attempt to sell the telco .
Faster than expected
Sydney - based market analyst Paul Budde conceded that Pacific Fibre had been able to pull a deal together a deal faster than he had originally anticipated .
" This is good news , " said the influential pundit , " and earlier than I expected . "
" Australia and New Zealand " suffer " from the fact that they speak English and that such content is far away , in the US or UK .
" We therefore are relatively heavier users of international cable capacity than most other countries ( for example , only Japanese speak Japanese so most traffic stays with the country ) .
" So we need more competitive cable in order to get our domestic prices down as they do depend on a larger extend on that international capacity . "
The tech specs
The project will comprise of at least two fibre pairs with 64 wavelengths per fibre pair .
By using the latest 40 gigabits per second ( Gbps ) per wavelength technology , the cable is expected to have a capacity of up to 5.12 terabits per second ( Tbps ) , and will be further upgradeable to beyond 12 Tbps with future 100 Gbps per wavelength technology .
The 13,600 km cable will land in Sydney , Auckland and Los Angeles , and will also offer the most direct route between these landing points , delivering the lower latency connections that are being demanded by core customers .
The new cable will be built on a partnership model that allows Pacnet and Pacific Fibre to each own and operate a fibre pair on the new cable system , but share responsibility for the cable supply contract as well as operations and maintenance costs , Pacific Fibre said in a statement .
I - 20 : Nocturnal Life
I 'm feeling kind of inspired and challenged at this timelapse experiment .
I feel almost like i'm starting to learn all over again ; video processing , intro , transitions , etc ..i've never dealt with this stuff before and it's kind of fun .
This is I - 20 facing west as it passes through downtown Birmingham , AL .
Done
No industry enjoys the array of tax breaks and subsidies that the oil and gas industry does .
No industry needs them less .
For all the damage it has caused , the disastrous oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico may provide the political momentum to end this special treatment .
President Obama ’s 2011 budget , proposed before the spill , would eliminate $ 4 billion in annual tax breaks for oil and gas companies .
Bills in both houses introduced after the spill would achieve many of the same results .
Industry has spent $ 340 million on lobbying over the last two years to block these sorts of initiatives , and until recently Congress has been eager to do its bidding .
This year could be different .
The White House has proposed eliminating nine tax breaks .
Some are modest , all are complicated , but in toto they provide a range of cushy benefits  fast write - offs for upfront drilling expenses , generous depletion allowances , and the like  that are available at virtually every stage of the exploration and production process .
The net result , as The Times reported recently , is an effective tax rate on investment far lower than that paid by other industries .
That , the Treasury Department argues , has encouraged overinvestment in oil and gas drilling at the expense of other parts of the economy .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An archaeological dig is producing finds on the site of a historic 9th Century monument in Llangollen .
Within days of opening trenches on the site of the Pillar of Eliseg , diggers have found pieces of Roman pottery as well as shards of post medieval pottery .
Other notable finds include a spindle whorl at the top of the mound on which the pillar stands .
A third trench , in the adjoining field , has been opened where archaeologists are investigating features brought to their attention via a geophysical survey .
Medieval archaeology Professor Nancy Edwards , from Bangor University , who is leading the dig , says the site was first dug in the 1700s by the former land owner who claimed to have unearthed a skeleton .
She said the main aim of the dig was to understand more about the suspected burial mound on which the pillar stands .
Prof Edwards is blogging regularly about the dig via Llangollen Museum 's Facebook page , along with other members of the dig team .
And the public will be allowed on - site during an open day ( 31 July ) , between 11 am - 3 pm .
This video introduces the OpenSource library Hades that significantly eases implementing data access layers with JPA .
It takes the audience on a guided tour through code samples introducing the features of Hades :
* Executing queries by only declaring interface methods
* Extending the EntityManager to provide a typed interface , programmatic pagination and sort support
* Combining execution of finder methods with pagination
* Auditing of entities to keep track of creation and modification date and user
* Integration of custom data access code
* Integration into Spring applications via Spring namespace and Spring IDE extension
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
NINE MILE CANYON --
An oil leak in Utah that has triggered an expensive cleanup is minuscule compared to the one in the Gulf of Mexico , but critics say it raises similar issues .
The leak apparently spilled toxic chemicals into the environment for more than a year before it was discovered .
Nine Mile Canyon is an environmental battleground , prized for its rich archaeology .
In the middle of the canyon , under a natural gas compressor station , a very light oil , like gasoline , seeped into a groundwater aquifer without detection .
CLICK to enlarge .
Courtesy Nine Mile Canyon Coalition
Two months ago , a truck driver noticed a slight sheen on Nine Mile Creek .
The Bill Barrett Corporation quickly reported it to agencies , including Utah 's Division of Water Quality .
" Well , I think initially it was bad .
We have water quality standards for some of these chemicals , and some of the values were far exceeding that , " says John Whitehead , with the Utah Division of Water Quality .
Within hours , the company put absorbent booms on the creek and began digging to find the leak .
It took a week to find a tiny hole in a corroded pipe .
The company believes the hole leaked a few gallons a day for at least a year .
They fixed it , but a large area of groundwater remains contaminated -- 4 acres , right next to the creek .
" It 's a failure of the regulatory authorities , you know , " says Price resident Ivan White .
" There 's been no oversight as far as I 'm concerned , " says Carbonville resident Steve Tanner .
Tanner and White have battled the Bill Barrett Corporation for years .
They wonder why anti-leak systems were n't in place beforehand .
" Any organization I 've worked for -- the mining industry -- we had to have sensors put out so that you could detect leaks , " Tanner says .
The company has drilled monitoring wells , dug trenches and constructed barriers to keep the contamination out of the creek .
It 's spent $ 1 million , so far , for a cleanup that may take years .
What is ... Nine Mile Canyon ?
Nine Mile Canyon , dubbed " the world 's longest art gallery , " is actually 40 miles long , not nine .
It is located in a remote area of Carbon and Duchesne Counties and is known for its extensive rock art , more than 10,000 prehistoric rock carvings ; most of it created by the Fremont and Ute tribes .
" From everything we 've been able to determine , the company has been very responsive , poured a lot of resources into this , " White head says .
" We could n't ask for a better response . "
But critics say it reflects the same pattern that led to the vastly larger leak in the Gulf of Mexico .
" [ It 's ] the lack of regulatory oversight , and then essentially allowing them to self - regulate themselves , " White says .
" I or Ivan have never wanted to stop this project , " Tanner says .
" We just want them to do it responsibly . "
" Well , I think that if you 're going to have oil and gas development , you 're going to have some peripheral damage .
That 's a given , " Whitehead says .
" The question is how responsive is the company ?
And did they take adequate precautions ? "
The company says no damage to plants or animals has been detected .
" There are definitely risks associated with any human activity on the landscape , " a spokesman told KSL News .
" We feel like our response was timely , and we really did n't spare any expense . "
State regulators have n't decided yet whether to fine the company .
The Bill Barrett Corporation is a Denver - based energy company .
In recent years , the company has drilled numerous natural - gas wells just outside Nine Mile Canyon .
The company moves the gas to a compressor station on company - owned property inside Nine Mile Canyon .
At the compressor station , the gas is put into a pipeline for delivery to the company 's customer , Questar .
A small amount of oil and water comes out of the wells along with the natural gas .
At the compressor - station , the water and oil are separated from the gas .
The light oil , which is similar to gasoline , is stored in tanks .
The leak occurred in the piping system that moves the oil from the compressor system to the storage tanks .
After the Bill Barrett company stopped the leak in early April , sampling has showed declining levels of oil in Nine Mile Creek .
The most recent sampling indicates the creek now complies with state water quality standards .
The goal of the cleanup work so far has been to prevent water in a contaminated aquifer from flowing into the creek .
E-mail : jhollenhorst@ksl.com
×
Related Links
Related Stories
There ’s a wonderful surge that ’s happening in the world of mindfulness right now and its movement into the schools with children .
When I saw this video of what they are doing in an elementary school in Oakland , California I was blown away .
One of the kids said :
Seventeen partygoers shot dead in Mexico Published duration 19 July 2010
media caption Scene of the Torreon party shooting
An attack on a birthday party in the northern Mexican city of Torreon has left 17 people dead and more than a dozen injured , police say .
Gunmen sprayed bullets at revellers after storming the party inside a walled garden in the city in Coahuila state , across the border from Texas .
Drug gangs are fighting over the region , which is a key transit point along smuggling routes into the US .
Mexican officials are blaming an organised crime gang for the killings .
' Kill them all '
The attackers drove up to the party , taking place in the open but within the grounds of a recreation centre , before opening fire on those present with a machine - gun , reports said .
The victims , aged between 20 and 38 , included the man who was celebrating his birthday .
" They came in , opened fire and shot against everything that moved , " an official at the Coahuila prosecutor 's office told Reuters news agency , on condition of anonymity .
The same source said the attackers had pulled up at the venue of the birthday party in five 4x4s , smashing down a door to reach the walled garden where the party was being held .
A source within the state police department told AFP news agency that witnesses had reported hearing the group yell " kill them all " before opening fire .
The attack took place at around 0130 ( 0630 GMT ) on Sunday in a recreation centre popular for weekend parties , the agency says .
More than 200 bullet casings fired from automatic weapons were found at the scene , officials said .
Coahuila is thought to be a stronghold of the powerful Zetas cartel , says the BBC's Julian Miglierini in Mexico City .
But their control over this territory is now said to be facing a challenge from their former allies , the Gulf Cartel , in an alliance with the Sinaloa cartel led by Joaquin Guzman , Mexico 's most wanted man .
This turf war has increased violence in Coahuila , of which this latest attack is one of the most gruesome examples .
" If you look back at where object orientation came from with Smalltalk - 80 with message passing , and look at the current state of inheritance and things like that , have we gone down the wrong path ? "
This is the opening question of a QCon London 2010 interview with Joe Armstrong , the original developer of Erlang , and Ralph Johnson , long associated with Smalltalk , OOP , and Patterns .
Both interviewees suggest that we have meandered down the " wrong path " but this is due to flaws in the implementation of object ideas and not the ideas themselves .
This is , in fact , Ralph Johnson 's intial point :
One of the things that always happen when you get an idea and it comes out and it's too radical for most people .
Most people do n't adopt the whole thing , they take a piece of it and then you get this approximation .
Even Smalltalk , held by many to be the exemplar OO language , is seen as an approximation of object ideals .
Dr. Johnson suggests two specific issues with Smalltalk :
... I think Smalltalk made a fundamental error .
I think it 's hard for people who are n't Smalltalk programmers to appreciate this , but when you are programming in Smalltalk , when you are debugging in Smalltalk , you are debugging the whole system .
and
Because in Smalltalk you have everything in the image .
You can't keep track of the versions between the old and the new one ... and there is also the issue of complexity .
You build a system , so it gets to the limit of what a few people can do and there Smalltalk does n't work too well .
The fact that everything ( your application classes , development and debugging tools , and libraries ) is in the ' image , ' has always been an issue with Smalltalk , even for the language 's most ardent admirers .
However this did not stop people from building very large , mission critical , systems - like the Cargill Lynx Project .
Lynx is a global grain trading system that supports over 1,500 users at 150 sites around the U.S. and has been in production for over a decade .
During its existence , Lynx has involved well over a hundred programmers , with full version control , and rubust testing and debugging .
Successful large systems , like the Lynx Project , do not allay Ralph Johnson 's concerns , nor do they refute the premise that Smalltalk was a flawed implementation of object ideas ; they merely add additional perspective .
The question of what set of characteristics made a language object - oriented was extensively , and emotionally , debated in the 1990's .
In the QCon London interview , Joe Armstrong 's thesis advisor is quoted making a very similar argument :
I started wondering about what object oriented programming was and I thought Erlang was n't object oriented , it was a functional programming language .
Then , my thesis supervisor said " But you 're wrong , Erlang is extremely object oriented " .
He said object oriented languages are n't object oriented .
I might think , though I 'm not quite sure if I believe this or not , but Erlang might be the only object oriented language because the 3 tenets of object oriented programming are that it 's based on message passing , that you have isolation between objects and have polymorphism .
Dr. Armstrong indicates he is not entirely convinced by his advisor 's arguments , but does seem to think that Erlang " might be the only object oriented language . "
In addition to the three characteristics cited in the quote , single inheritance and dynamic typing were often cited as " absolute requirements " to be an OO language .
In the interview , both Dr. Johnson and Dr. Armstrong , seem to suggest that the object idea was and is an important one .
Dr. Armstrong spends his time pointing out how Erlang attempts to implement object ideas and OO language characteristics .
Dr. Johnson spends more time critiquing previous attempts at implementating object ideas , specifically Smalltalk .
While it might seem strange that a long - time advocate of Smalltalk and of objects ( the Design Patterns book that Dr. Johnson co-authored includes object - oriented in its title ) , Ralph Johnson is not alone .
Dave Thomas is another person closely associated with objects and with Smalltalk .
His team created the first " Goodies Packs " for Digitalk 's Methods ( the first Smalltalk for the PC ) , he was founder and CEO of the company that created what was to become IBM 's VisualAge Smalltalk , and his team developed the very popular programming tool , Eclipse ( originally written in and for Smalltalk ) .
Dr. Thomas has been quoted saying , " Objects were a mistake , " and " I am a stateful sinner . "
These statements were made for dramatic effect , but also to point out " errors " in the Smalltalk implementation of object ideas - e.g. the focus on state , the lack of of good concurrency models in a class and image - based language , and the lack of focus on messaging .
Even Alan Kay who first coined the term " object - oriented " and who , with Dan Ingalls and others at Xerox PARC , created Smalltalk is critical .
In a recent interview in Computerworld Australia
Dr. Kay noted :
I did make up this term ( and it was a bad choice because it under - emphasized the more important idea of message sending ) .
Part of the idea existed ( in several systems ) .
I could see that a more comprehensive basis could be made by going all the way to thinking of efficient whole virtual machines communicating only by messages .
This would provide scaling , be a virtual version of what my research community , ARPA - IPTO [ The Information Processing Techniques Office at the US Department of Defense 's research facility ] was starting to do with large scale networking , and also would have some powerful “ algebraic ” properties ( like polymorphism ) .
...
However , I am no big fan of Smalltalk either , even though it compares very favourably with most programming systems today ( I do n’t like any of them , and I do n’t think any of them are suitable for the real programming problems of today , whether for systems or for end - users ) .
The recent flurry of criticism directed towards Smalltalk brings to mind the repeated aside in the lyrics of the old Coasters song , Charlie Brown : " ( Why 's everybody always pickin ' on me ) . "
Johnson , Armstrong , Kay , and Thomas are not , of course , " pickin ' on me ( Smalltalk ) . " implicit in the QCon London interview , and the other criticisms , is the question of to what degree can an idea that is " too radical for most people " ( Dr. Johnson ) , be implemented in any programming language ?
It is also possible that the object idea does not lend itself directly to the definition and structure of a programming language .
In the Computerworld Australia interview , Dr. Kay also points out :
To me , one of the nice things about the semantics of real objects is that they are “ real computers all the way down ( RCATWD ) ” – this always retains the full ability to represent anything .
The old way quickly gets to two things that are n’t computers – data and procedures – and all of a sudden the ability to defer optimizations and particular decisions in favour of behaviours has been lost .
In other words , always having real objects always retains the ability to simulate anything you want , and to send it around the planet .
...
And RCATWD also provides perfect protection in both directions .
We can see this in the hardware model of the Internet ( possibly the only real object - oriented system in working order ) .
You get language extensibility almost for free by simply agreeing on conventions for the message forms .
My thought in the 70s was that the Internet we were all working on alongside personal computing was a really good scalable design , and that we should make a virtual internet of virtual machines that could be cached by the hardware machines .
It ’s really too bad that this did n’t happen .
If ' real objects ' are RCATWD , then each object could be implemented using the programming language most appropriate for its intrinsic nature , which would give new meaning to the phrase ' polyglot programming . '
Boston
THE oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico should make us reconsider how we regulate industries like drilling and mining that pose risks to people and the environment .
To that end , many argue that we need tougher safety standards , as well as higher liability caps and more severe civil and criminal penalties for polluters .
Others believe that we need to reform our regulatory system : the Minerals Management Service is being restructured , and Congress may give the Environmental Protection Agency and the Coast Guard more robust regulatory power over offshore drilling .
All agree that lax enforcement of regulations must stop .
Overlooked in this debate is the fact that regulators need carrots , not just sticks .
That ’s why we should start rewarding companies that have exemplary safety records , exceed pollution standards and produce exceptional disaster response plans .
Such incentives should never replace fines and penalties , which can often take years to work their way through the courts , but they could be a helpful complement .
Here ’s an example of how we might provide incentives for good behavior .
Right now , royalty rates for offshore leases end up promoting dangerous deep - water drilling  the deeper you drill , the less you have to pay the government in royalties .
Under the Deepwater Royalty Relief Act of 1995 , Congress even waived royalties on millions of barrels of oil for certain deepwater leases from 1996 to 2000 .
This and other royalty relief programs have deprived the Treasury of billions of dollars in revenue , while rewarding the riskiest drilling in the deepest waters .
Instead , royalty rates should be pegged to performance : those firms with excellent safety records should pay fewer royalties for offshore leases , and those with a history of accidents , safety lapses and penalties should pay more .
A Growing Demographic
The statistics and the research may vary , but it ’s quite clear : girl gamers are here , and they ’re here to stay .
Especially in the online realm , women make up a growing demographic of gamers who are just as passionate about playing as your typical gamer guy .
But as a girl gamer myself , it ’s abundantly clear that the video game industry is not only run by a majority of men , but it ’s catered to them as well .
And it does n’t seem to be changing much .
Of course , catering to men makes sense from a business perspective , or at least it used to .
But statistics indicate that ’s no longer the case .
And for some reason , many video game companies are just not willing to change to accommodate that shift .
Maybe it ’s part of the whole industry , so deep - seeded , that executives and producers ca n’t think outside of the box .
But really , it ’s still not an excuse .
It ’s honestly disgraceful at times , and downright disrespectful .
The Lara Croft Syndrome
Now , my intent here is n’t to start a flame war .
There are plenty of women who are completely content with video games the way they are , and have no desire to see games change into anything other than they are .
In fact , they like that they ’re playing in a “ Man ’s Realm ” .
And that , of course , is absolutely fine .
What irks me is that , so often , playing video games still feels like crossing into a man ’s territory — like finding yourself in a world you were n’t taken into consideration .
Aleah Tierny puts it into perspective in her article “ What Women Want ” when she talks about the Lara Croft syndrome :
I could n’t wait to load and play Tomb Raider when it first came out , but when I saw Lara , I just could n’t take the game seriously .
The giant twin pyramids mounted onto her chest look like something she could use to impale her enemies .
In many ways her kick - butt presence is a triumph , but the designers ’ decision to sexualize her to the point of deformity angered me .
I could n’t get past her proportions , so I put the game away .
Customization and Character Creation
I know , for many of you readers , this might not make sense .
But let ’s take my most recent game obsession , Dragon Age , and maybe you ’ll see what I mean .
First , Dragon
Age gets huge props for even allowing play as a woman .
Believe it or not , there is an an entire group of people who like playing as women , and not just to stare at the avatars in their bras during cutscenes in dungeons ( you know who you are ) .
Fact is , I never really got into games much until I was able to play women .
Mario Brothers did n’t get cool until I could float around as Princess Peach ; Warcraft did n’t have the appeal until I could log on as a female paladin .
And the # 1 reason I have n’t gotten into Red Dead Redemption is because I do n’t get to play a gal .
( I will also point out that Dragon Age also gets props for taking on gender stereotypes with Shale ; but since it ’s already been written about , I ’ll just direct you to that article here . )
Dragon
Age allows for some pretty high - level customization starting out the game .
You can really mold your character however you want , down to overbites and skin tone .
Which , for girls like me who were brought up with Barbies , definitely holds appeal .
I ’m not embarrassed to admit that a huge component of my game play is feeling as if the character is utterly mine .
Not me , but mine .
So , sure , maybe I ’m the Carrie Bradshaw of RPGs , but I care a great deal about how my equipment looks , in addition to my character ’s general appearance .
Tell me , then , why the same piece of armor on a male character which clearly covers him from throat to ankle , shows enough cleavage and leg to make a stripper blush when worn on a female character .
There ’s nothing wrong with a little skin now and again , but seriously ?
Sure , this is a magical world , but they must have some really heavy duty tape to keep everything in place .
It ’s absolutely ridiculous .
( I should mention that Dragon Age , while transgressing in this instance — particular with mage outfits , is not a lone example ; it ’s pervasive , though none are perhaps as nefarious as WoW ’s chain mail bikini ) .
Sexuality and Choice
I will not deny that sexuality plays an important role in video games , especially those in the fantasy genre ( heck , the whole fantasy genre is replete with sex and gender stereotypes , so it ’s not falling far from the tree to say the least ) .
But , from my point of view , there ’s something rather insidious about not having a choice — like how much skin to show on your avatar — no matter what you do .
It ’s saying , sight unseen , that your character ’s body is the center of the story .
What if I want my mage to be really conservative ?
Oh , it does n’t matter .
I can’t .
No choice , none at all .
She dresses slutty .
I mean , in Dragon Age all the women are built like porn stars , and the outfits on the Chantry priestesses even accentuate their boobs .
It makes it abundantly clear that straight men were the number one consideration during design .
Guys , think about this .
What would it be like if you logged on to your favorite game , and every piece of armor your warrior tried on was nothing more than a metal jock strap and a halter top ?
Sure , I might not mind looking at it — but you probably would n’t find it that thrilling .
With no choice other than slutty , the whole armor issue treads into some very dark territory .
Objectification and sexualization to the nth degree .
Stereotypes of Gender
I ’m not saying that sexy women have no place in video games .
On the contrary , I ’m not calling for the obliteration of sexiness — I think the female form is beautiful , and ought to celebrated .
But we should , like in the real world , have a choice whether or not to let it all hang out , so to speak , or look just like any other soldier in the army .
I use Dragon Age as an example , mostly because it ’s fresh in my mind .
But as my Twitter pals are quick to point out , the portrayal of women in video games across the board run the gamut of stereotypes .
If she is n’t the sexy mage , she ’s the clever librarian , the healer girlfriend , the evil heavily accented and mind - bogglingly sexy villain .
What Dragon Age , and similar RPGs , hold in common is a certain level of customization of the main character .
But when you look at the supporting casts of many games — even when you ’re able to make a main character to your liking — it even gets worse .
Do n’t even get me started on Leliana and Morrigan and the whole Alistair thing .
( No , I ’m not bitter .
I swear . )
Sounding Off
There are plenty of other issues to note , but as it stands I ’ve gone on at length on this particular subject .
And there is a solution .
Games do n’t have to be completely “ feminized ” to appeal to women .
We ’re not asking for pink suits of armor , torrid romances , and customizable purses .
Many of us get as much enjoyment out of slaughtering Darkspawn as you do .
But we ’re simply looking for accurate representations , respectful representations , that give us the choice to play how we want .
That means putting more women behind the scenes of video game production and writing ; that means being vocal about what irks us , and making sure we do n’t just let things slide , that we do n’t accept things just because it ’s been allowed for so long .
So sound off .
What bothers you about gender and sexual stereotypes in video games ?
Any particularly bad perpetrators out there ?
Anything you ’d love to see changed ?
( Special thanks to my Tweeps @thexmedic , @pauljessup , @jennywilliams , @aweeadventure , @mercedesmy , & @erinramos for their input ! )
[ Image : BioWare ]
This whole episode screams " Why ca n't we have reasonable discussions about racial issues ? ?? " at me .
The answer is twofold : First , Andrew Breitbart is a dirty , lying SOB who thrives on waving his malodorous lies around on Fox News and the Internet .
Second , the White House or USDA , depending upon which story you read , believed him .
Here 's the story in short bites :
Shirley Sherrod was an employee of the USDA ; specifically , the USDA Georgia director of rural development .
In a speech to the Georgia chapter of the NAACP , she tells a story that appears to indicate she prefers to put black folks ahead of white folks .
Breitbart edits the video , puts it up , and the world goes mad .
Sherrod is fired resigns , after being told pressure is coming from the White House to fire her .
Does this sound like the ACORN story ?
Via Salon :
Sherrod was speaking to a Georgia chapter of the NAACP .
In the speech , according to Breitbart 's characterization , Sherrod is explaining how she refused to help a white farmer as much as she could have because she preferred to help black people .
Breitbart :
We are in possession of a video from in which Shirley Sherrod , USDA Georgia director of rural development , speaks at the NAACP Freedom Fund dinner in Georgia .
In her meandering speech to what appears to be an all - black audience , this federally appointed executive bureaucrat lays out in stark detail that her federal duties are managed through the prism of race and class distinctions .
The speech was n't to an all - black audience ( though the specter of black people revealing their contempt for whitey in closed - door meetings of fellow black people seems to drive a lot of conservatives into a paranoid frenzy ) , as the mayor of Douglas , Ga. , was among the white attendees .
And the story Sherrod told was about her work 24 years ago for the Federation of Southern Cooperatives / Land Assistance Fund , not " her federal duties . "
So , that 's a lie .
Andrew Breitbart is lying in this paragraph .
Just for the record .
Andrew Breitbart lies .
If the White House or the USDA had bothered to actually look for facts , they might have discovered that Sherrod had ultimately befriended that white farmer she talked about , and helped the family save their farm .
The story Sherrod told was one of redemption , not prejudice .
But Breitbart twisted it around into a story that never existed and the White House / USDA took the bait .
As the President so often says , " You 're entitled to your opinions , but not your own facts . "
It might have been good for the folks in the White House to actually think about that before reacting to a lying liar scum like Andrew Breitbart .
Here is the UNEDITED video
It ’s a story of a woman named Brady .
Amy Brady , to be exact .
As she tells it , she was disappointed one night when she could n’t find a cupcake at an Islanders game .
So , as owner of Cupcake Gourmet , a nearby business that boasts a rotation of more than 120 different cupcake flavors including Snickers , Malted Milk Ball and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough , Brady asked Islanders officials if her business could become the official cupcake of the team .
For the Islanders , it was something out of the box .
So they brought the deal to Savor , the concessionaire of the Nassau Coliseum — where the team plays its home games .
The company agreed to split its revenues with Brady .
“ This is truly a non-traditional offering for most sports and entertainment venues , ” said Justin Johnson , the team ’s senior vice president of corporate partnerships and marketing .
“ We are thrilled to launch this partnership with Amy and Cupcake Gourmet as we continually enhance the everyday menu board for our fans . ”
Brady will have a portable concession cart at all home games and will of course sell Islanders - themed orange , blue and white cupcakes .
The partnership includes a “ Lucky Row ” promotion in which a row of fans at certain games will win free cupcakes .
Whether it's win or lose for the Islanders , at least it will be the first time icing at a hockey game actually turns out to be a good thing .
Questions ?
Comments ?
SportsBiz@cnbc.com
Three portable greenhouses outside a Baltimore high school campus provide a model that could be repeated around the city , bringing locally grown food to schoolchildren and to poor neighborhoods where fresh produce is rare , urban farming advocates say .
The plastic - skinned hoop greenhouses are known as Hoop Village , and supporters gathered there recently to celebrate the harvest of its first crops — including arugula , kale , radish , Swiss chard , and spinach .
The greens will be provided to the cafeterias at some city elementary schools starting this winter .
And students at the three schools on the Lake Clifton campus are helping to raise the food they 'll be eating .
" I love my vegetables , " Michelle Simpson , a Heritage High School senior , told visitors as she showed off the kale and cabbage she helped plant .
Hoop Village is a joint project of two local nonprofits , Safe Healing Foundation and Civic Works .
It 's also getting funding from the state and city , as well as several foundations and individual donors .
" It 's great that food can come out of here and go straight into our cafeterias .
Our young people are learning that food does not just come out of a can , " says Nzinga Oneferua - El , the foundation 's executive director and head of the Entrepreneur Training University , a community school on the Lake Clifton campus .
Ms. Oneferua - El dreamed up the greenhouse project five years ago , hoping for a place to raise the raw materials used in classes on floral design , wreath - making , and other trades .
She had planned to renovate a dilapidated greenhouse at Clifton Park but was offered the portable hoop houses instead .
The steel - framed , plastic - clad houses were erected in October with help from the University of Maryland Eastern Shore .
The university also had 56 tons of organic soil trucked to Baltimore to give the vegetables fertile dirt in which to grow .
Along the way , the scale of the project grew .
Civic Works , Baltimore 's urban service corps , hopes to raise 150,000 pounds of fruits and vegetables annually to serve low - income communities around Clifton Park , where residents lack easy access to supermarkets with extensive fresh produce .
The program also aims to provide jobs in the greenhouses to local residents — especially young people — and teach them skills in agriculture , horticulture and marketing .
" We all know the drug business is accessible here , " says John Ciekot , project director for Civic Works .
" Well , food - raising is accessible , too .
They have another career path they can take . "
Mr. Ciekot is already fielding requests for portable greenhouses from other city neighborhoods where residents want to try cultivating local produce .
Organizers hope eventually to erect 20 hoop houses in Clifton Park in an unused field near the high school 's track .
At that scale , they hope the farm can generate enough income to be self - sustaining and allow them to add more paying positions to the operation , which relies heavily on volunteers .
Tony Geraci , food service director for Baltimore schools , says he 's ready to buy produce raised in the greenhouses as part of his push to provide locally produced food to students .
As a first step , the greenhouses will supply some produce this winter for 20 elementary schools .
" Our goal is to have one of these at every school , " he says .
" We want to create jobs and bring real food to a region that does n't have access to it . "
ADDED LATER : Click here to see photos of the hoop houses , as some commenters requested .
Editor ’s note :
For more on gardening , see the Monitor ’s main gardening page , which offers articles on many gardening topics .
Also , check out our blog archive and our RSS feed .
You may want to visit Gardening With the Monitor on Flickr .
Take part in the discussions and get answers to your gardening questions .
If you join the group ( it ’s free ) , you can upload your garden photos and enter our contests .
As always , gun control proponents say they merely want " reasonable " gun control laws .
Yet , when listing the actual laws they favor , they go well beyond what most people would possibly consider " reasonable . "
Just look at the gun bans in Chicago and Washington , D.C. that local politicians and gun control organizations such as the Brady Campaign and the Violence Policy Center have fought to protect .
Today , exactly two weeks after the Supreme Court struck down Chicago 's handgun ban , the city 's strict new gun control laws go into effect .
These new restrictions surely do not seem " reasonable " but rather intended to make life as difficult as possible for those who legally want to own a gun .
Among the regulations is a complete ban on selling guns in Chicago .
Also five hours of training is required , which may seem reasonable , but that training is forbidden to take place within the Chicago city limits .
And the list of odd restrictions in Chicago goes on .
While people can own a handgun for protection in their homes , it only applies to some parts of what most people would consider their home : the gun cannot be used for self - defense in one 's yard or garage , nor on your porch , even if it is enclosed .
But certainly a garage is a possible place for criminals to strike .
Is it " reasonable " that if criminals attack a family member in the garage , you are n't allowed to effectively defend them ?
Further , Chicagoans are permitted to own only one handgun that is " in operating order . "
If you own a jewelry store that criminals might want to rob , forget it .
You cannot even place your one functional handgun in your business instead of your home if you think that is the best place to put it .
Multiple residences or a very large house would not qualify for more than one gun either .
Break any of these or the numerous other regulations and you face up to a $ 5,000 fine and 90 days in jail .
For the second offense , the fine goes up to $ 10,000 and jail time goes up to six months .
Then there are the various fees and other costs of obtaining a handgun legally .
A comparison with the First Amendment is useful : If Chicago were to put a tax on newspapers , even just a penny , courts would throw it out as an abridgment of freedom of speech .
Why should the Second Amendment be treated any differently ?
Apparently , the city of Chicago sees no constitutional problem in imposing a $ 100 Chicago Firearms Permit fee plus another $ 15 per firearm ( even on the non-operational ones ) every three years .
A valid Illinois Firearm Owner 's Identification ( FOID ) card is also required , at a cost of $ 10 , although it seems redundant as the Chicago permit and the Illinois FOID card do the same things .
On an annual basis , Chicago 's fees are about 2.5 times the cost for the average concealed handgun permit .
Administrative costs are not an excuse as the Chicago fees are well exceed the costs of running the permit and registration system .
Given that training requirements for concealed handgun permits do n't make people who carry guns more effective at deterring criminals nor less accident prone , there is no evidence that Chicago 's training requirements will make gun owners better at owning guns .
What training requirements do is reduce the number of gun owners .
The five hour training class , which includes one hour of range training , and the extra costs government imposes on those who want to get a single gun will run at least $ 200 .
Let 's face it , Mayor Richard Daley wants to ban guns , all guns .
And he thinks that a complete ban is a " reasonable " regulation .
The Supreme Court has ruled that he is not allowed to ban guns , but this is not going to change his mind about guns in the slightest .
Daley now wants to place as restrictive rules as he thinks that the courts will let him get away with .
Pretending that these rules are anything more than an attempt to limit gun ownership as much as possible is simply dishonest .
John R. Lott , Jr. is a FoxNews.com contributor .
He is an economist and author of " More Guns , Less Crime . " ( University of Chicago Press , 2010 ) , the third edition of which was published in May . "
Fox Forum is on Twitter .
Follow us @fxnopinion .
organic care of wooden spoons , cutting boards , etc .
In a nutshell :
go easy on the soap
not dishwasher safe
do not set in the kitchen sink
a few times a year , rub with walnut oil !
now for the verbose details
I live with a lot of other people and I share my wooden spoons , wooden cutting boards , wooden spatulas , wooden bowls and a variety of utensils with wooden handles ... a whole lot of wood stuff used in the kitchen with food .
A while back , some of my wooden ware was starting to crack and look a bit worn and a rather helpful woman pointed out the they needed proper care .
So she popped out and bought " mineral oil " .
What the hell is " mineral oil " ?
So I researched it thinking that she was about to put something toxic on the stuff I put my food on .
Well , it turns out that mineral oil is a pertroleum product .
Exactly like the stuff used in cars .
Only completely different . :)
While it is considered to be something safe to ingest , it is also recommended for use as a laxitive .
And , frankly , I just do n't like the idea of eating petroleum products .
So I went on my of my obsessive research journeys .
The next most popular thing to use is linseed oil ( flax seed oil ) .
Some versions of it are laced with nasty chemicals .
Other versions go rancid .
My research shows one or the other and nothing in between .
I do n't want to eat nasty chemicals and I do n't want to eat something rancid .
I found a lot of support for .... using nothing !
It 's free .
It 's easy to apply .
It works pretty good .
I have to admit , I am powerfully tempted by this idea .
I suppose you could find that some pieces crack and you could just say " that stuff was crap anyway " and then you end up with a lot of good kitchen wood that never needs any oil .
Not a bad strategy .
My only real concern here is that when you live with other people , sometimes they put wood stuff in a funky kitchen sink - which makes me CRAZY as I imagine all sorts of gross things getting into my lovely wood ( shudder ) .
And if I had been oiling the wood once in a while , it seems like it would help me to get less freaked out when I find that somebody has done the funky sink trick .
Plus , sometimes I have a wood thing that I really like and I do n't want it to crack .
Until this investigation , I had never heard of tung oil .
Wow !
What a an amazing finish !
It apparently comes from a " tung tree nut " .
While the finish is amazing looking , it apparently takes a lot of work - including getting the first few applications to penetrate the wood - which could involve stuff like turpentine !
( ick ! ) .... and I 'm not too sure about how edible / food safe this stuff is .
While I find a lot of people using all sorts of edible oils and saying " works for me " I have to wonder about if this stuff turns rancid and they do n't seem to notice - or maybe it does n't bother them .
I wonder if they get colds easily - and if they were to switch out their woodenware and not treat it if they would not get colds as often .
Just a thought .
Walnut Oil
Now we 're talking !!!
Walnut oil polymerizes when it comes into contact with the air .
" Polymerize " is a word I 've been studying a lot lately with my reasearch on seasoning cast iron .
This is where a liquid oil gets its molecules re-arranged into something hard and inert - rock - like .
Paint - like .
It is still the same edible molecule .
If you bust off pieces , you can eat it .
Most oils will polymerize with heat and time ( the seasoning process of cast iron ) .
Some oils make a stronger surface than others .
Walnut oil may not be the best choice for cast iron , but according to my research , it is the best choice for woodenware .
Once polymerized , it can not turn rancid .
All you need to do is buy a little walnut oil and rub it on .
Warming it slightly first will help it to penetrate the wood .
It can be a little tricky to find , but never fear !
Here is a link to some good walnut oil .
I 've now been oiling my wood a few times a year with walnut oil and it has worked out really well .
To visit with me and others about this , click here .
Thanks !
If you like this article , please link to me .
Click on one ( or many ) of the social network links below .
Linking to this article from a forum is nice .
Or even better , mention this article in a blog !
Many thanks !
Frogatto 1.0 has been released !
Frogatto is now a fully playable , fun , classic adventure platformer with over thirty levels , version 1.0 representing the first stable version of the game .
Available for Windows , Mac , and in source form on our download page .
Frogatto is also soon to be released on the iPhone App Store .
Frogatto also contains a fully functional editor that allows you to create your own fun levels or edit existing levels .
The engine is heavily moddable , and as an Open Source game we welcome new talented contributors .
After trying Frogatto , consider visiting our forum to discuss the game .
Seattle Beer News posted a quick blurb about New Belgium ‘s Tour de Fat today .
I wanted to take a moment to echo the call to bike - o- maniacs in the area .
Tour de Fat is a celebration of bikes and beer , but its meant to call attention to a much larger concept .
Years ago , New Belgium started Tour de Fat with the idea of ridding the earth of automobiles and replacing them with hip bikes .
Of course , the disdain towards the automobile stems from several concerns , including depletion of natural resources , pollution , energy consumption and all around hatred for all things oil – at a time when the BP spill is in our minds .
New Belgium ’s goal was simple : get people to trade in their car ; we ’ll give them a bike .
This is the central theme behind Tour de Fat , which now has 12 stops across America .
This is from the site :
It ’s when one fortunate soul hands over their car , title and keys to the Tour de Fat altar in exchange for a bike .
Not just any bike , a New Belgium , fully - loaded , hand - crafted , Fort Collins - built commuter bike .
There ’s 13 Tour de Fat stops – surely one near you – and that ’s 13 car / bike trade opportunities .
It ’s about weaning yourself off the petroleum teat .
It ’s about becoming a better , sexier person .
It ’s about rediscovering the cultural thrill of public transportation .
So , while Tour de Fat is a truly a party , celebrating funky and interesting bike contraptions and the enjoyment of beer – its also a burial for someone ’s car .
People wishing to be considered for the big trade - in , can find more information about it on their website .
This concept is of great interest to your writers at Beer Blotter .
We recently traded in our car for bikes ( and a little public transport of course ) .
Its been one of the best decisions we ever made .
It maximizes our beer consumption experiences , limits the risk that a catastrophic accident could happen , and keeps us in good shape .
Consider the shift .
At least , it saves you insurance and gas costs .
We hope to see you all at Tour de Fat .
Its an amazing event , going down all day on July 31 , 2010 at Gasworks Park in Seattle .
The event concludes at 4 PM and will be followed by an after party at Brouwers Cafe , where you will no doubt get to drink some amazing New Belgium ales .
See you there !
The plague of religion
Why religion is evil and ridiculous .
Why it should disappear and why it will .
The package arrived at Cindy Lohman ’s home in Great Mills , Md. , just two weeks after she learned that her son , Ryan , a 24 - year - old Army sergeant , had been killed by a bomb in Afghanistan .
It was a thick envelope from Prudential Financial Inc. , which handles life insurance for the Department of Veterans Affairs .
Inside was a letter about her son ’s $ 400,000 policy .
And there was something else , which looked like a checkbook .
The letter told Ms. Lohman that the full amount of her payout would be placed in a convenient interest - bearing account , allowing her time to decide how to use the benefit .
In tiny print , in a disclaimer that Ms. Lohman said she did not notice , Prudential disclosed that what it called its Alliance Account was not guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , according to a report in Bloomberg Markets magazine .
Ms. Lohman , 52 , left the money untouched for six months after her son ’s death in August 2008 .
As time went on , she said , she tried to use one of the checks to buy a bed , and the salesman rejected it .
That happened again this year , she said , when she went to buy a camera .
Ms. Lohman , a public health nurse , said she had always believed that her son ’s life insurance money was in a bank insured by the F.D.I.C .
That money  like $ 28 billion in one million death - benefit accounts managed by insurers  was not actually sitting in a bank .
Nine days after celebrating his 80th birthday , George Steinbrenner died Tuesday morning after suffering a heart attack .
Steinbrenner has owned the New York Yankees since 1973 , buying the team for about $ 10 million .
Forbes estimates the team — which won seven World Series championships under his ownership — is now worth more than $ 1 billion .
Steinbrenner ’s history with politics is as long as his history with baseball .
In 1974 , Steinbrenner pled guilty to making illegal contributions to President Richard Nixon ’s reelection campaign two years prior .
He was ultimately fined and briefly suspended from the major leagues .
A decade and a half later , he was officially pardoned by President Ronald Reagan — two days before Reagan left office in 1989 .
Since 1989 , Steinbrenner , along with his wife , Joan , contributed more than $ 196,300 to federal candidates , parties and committees , according to a Center for Responsive Politics review of campaign finance records .
The top recipient of this cash was the Republican Party of Florida , which received $ 26,000 from the Steinbrenners since 1998 .
Steinbrenner , the son of an Ohio shipping magnate , made his money in the shipping business and for a time headed the American Ship Building Company .
Between 1989 and 1992 , Steinbrenner contributed $ 15,000 to the company ’s political action committee .
Over the past 20 years , the Republican National Committee received nearly $ 15,000 from the Steinbrenners and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee received $ 14,000 .
During the 2000 election cycle , Steinbrenner gave $ 2,000 to the presidential campaign of George W. Bush .
Overall that cycle , about three - fourths of the Steinbrenner ’s contributions benefited Republicans .
During the 2008 presidential race , Steinbrenner and his wife each contributed the legal maximum of $ 2,300 to former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani ’s campaign , as well as $ 2,300 a piece to Sen.
John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , after McCain won the Republican nomination .
During the 2006 election cycle , Steinbrenner had also contributed $ 7,500 to Giulani ’s leadership PAC .
Steinbrenner also contributed $ 2,300 to the 2008 presidential campaign of former Sen. Hillary Clinton ( D - N.Y . ) .
Other New York Democrats benefited from Steinbrenner ’s cash .
Sen .
Chuck Schumer collected $ 11,1000 from the Steinbrenners since 2001 , with $ 9,600 of that coming from Steinbrenner and his wife at the end of last year .
Rep. Charles Rangel , who stepped down as the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee earlier this year due to an ethics investigation , has received $ 9,600 from Steinbrenner since 1998 .
Republicans received about 44 percent of Steinbrenner ’s contributions over the past two decades .
Democrats , likewise , received about 44 percent .
And political committee not tied to either Democrats or Republicans received about 12 percent of their donations , the Center found .
Here is a table of the top beneficiaries of the Steinbrenners ’ political contributions since 1989 :
Recipient Total Republican Party of Florida $ 26,000 American Ship Building Co. $ 15,000 Republican National Committee $ 14,490 Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee $ 14,000 New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani ( R ) $ 12,100 Sen .
Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) $ 11,100 Rep. Charles Rangel ( D - N.Y . ) $ 9,600 Sen.
Bob Graham ( D - Fla . ) $ 6,000 Major League Baseball Commissioner ’s Office $ 5,000 National Republican Congressional Committee $ 5,000 Sen .
John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) $ 4,600 President George W. Bush ( R ) $ 4,000 Sen .
Bill Nelson ( D - Fla . ) $ 4,000 President George H.W. Bush ( R ) $ 4,000 Rep. John Murtha ( D - Pa. ) $ 4,000 Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee $ 4,000
Under Steinbrenner ’s ownership , the New York Yankees have twice hired federal lobbyists for assistance in recent years , a rarity among Major League Baseball teams .
In 2006 , they paid Akin , Gump $ 20,000 for lobbying regarding “ federal approvals required to complete stadium relocation . ”
And in 2008 , they paid Stanley Schlein less than $ 5,000 during two quarters as the U.S. House of Representatives held hearings on the building of the new Yankees stadium .
Just the Pittsburgh Pirates and Oakland A’s have hired lobbyists this year , according to a Center for Responsive Politics review of lobbying records — with the former spending less than $ 5,000 during the first quarter on “ appropriations ” and the later spending $ 20,000 on “ baseball related issues . ”
The METS Foundation , a nonprofit charity organization affiliated with the New York Mets , has also lobbied the government since 2008 .
Each quarter it has spent less than $ 5,000 on these activities .
These teams , however , are not the only baseball - related group with a presence on Capitol Hill .
Both the Major League Baseball Commissioner ’s Office and the Major League Baseball Players Association have long hired federal lobbyists .
The Commissioner ’s Office spent $ 160,000 on federal lobbyists during the first quarter of 2010 , while the players association spent $ 15,800 during the same time .
Steinbrenner contributed $ 5,000 to the Major League Baseball Commissioner ’s PAC in June 2009 .
Center for Responsive Politics researchers Carolyn Sharpe and Douglas Weber contributed to this report .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
The spy scandal in the United States is moving toward a swift end this morning , with 10 Russian agents set to be deported after all pleading guilty in a Manhattan courtroom .
A judge ordered all 10 of the spies to be immediately expelled from the US and said they must never attempt to return , in the biggest spy swap deal since the end of the Cold War .
In exchange , Russia will release four prisoners of US interest , including Russian scientist Igor Sutyagin , who has been serving a prison sentence for passing information to the CIA .
Sutyagin 's lawyer said her client may already have been released from a Russian jail and taken to Vienna , Austria , as part of the deal .
The spy swap is believed to have been sewn up in talks between the Russian ambassador and a senior US state department official .
In pleading guilty to being foreign agents , the 10 " will have to agree to immediate removal , " Judge Kimba Wood said in New York .
That meant " immediate expulsion from the United States " and the defendants would have to " agree never to attempt to return to the US " .
Speaking outside the courtroom , the lawyer for Anna Chapman , one of the Russian agents , said his client was not afraid to be returned to Russia and said he expected the spy swap to be carried out within the next 24 hours .
The US Justice Department confirmed the deal with Russia .
" The key provision of the United States - Russia agreement is that the Russian Federation has agreed to release four individuals who are incarcerated in Russia for alleged contact with Western intelligence agencies , " a Justice Department statement said .
The suspects each pleaded guilty to one charge of conspiracy to act as an unregistered agent of a foreign country .
A spokeswoman for Russian president Dmitry Medvedev confirmed that the Kremlin was pardoning four Russians , including Sutyagin .
Three of the prisoners who will be released in Russia were reportedly convicted of treason and are serving lengthy prison terms .
The 10 spy suspects were arrested on June 27 in an FBI swoop in Boston and the New York and Washington areas .
They were accused of being members of a " deep - cover " spy ring tasked by the Russian secret service with infiltrating US policy - making circles .
An 11th suspect , accused paymaster Christopher Metsos , remains at large after vanishing last week in Cyprus following a court decision to release him on bail .
-ABC / wires
Home Daily News Judge Tosses Suit Claiming Crunchberry Deception …
Consumer Law
Judge Tosses Suit Claiming Crunchberry Deception by Cap’n Crunch
Cap ’n Crunch is not a real person , and his cereal ’s crunchberries are n’t real fruit .
A consumer who claimed to have been misled , but only about the crunchberries ’ nutritional message , has seen her lawsuit tossed by a federal judge in California .
Plaintiff Janine Sugawara had claimed she was deceived by the cereal ’s marketing and by packaging showing the Cap ’n himself “ thrusting a spoonful of ‘ crunchberries ’ at the prospective buyer , ” the blog Lowering the Bar reports .
The message , she claimed , was that the cereal was not all sugar and starch , but also contained redeeming fruit .
U.S. District Judge Morrison England Jr. of Sacramento dismissed the suit in a May 21 opinion ( PDF posted by Lowering the Bar ) .
England found that that a reasonable consumer would not have been deceived by the packaging .
The cereal box makes no claim to be particularly nutritious , nor does it contain any images of actual fruit , he said .
“ This court is not aware of , nor has plaintiff alleged the existence of , any actual fruit referred to as a ‘ crunchberry , ’ ” England wrote .
“ So far as this court has been made aware , there is no such fruit growing in the wild or occurring naturally in any part of the world . ”
Hat tip to Overlawyered .
As the current global economic crisis drives up the demand for mental health care services , cash - strapped agencies are slashing mental health budgets , according to a new Brandeis University study out this month in the International Journal of Mental Health .
However , while most nations are cutting spending , a handful of countries are earmarking funding to meet the anticipated growth in mental health problems .
In the U.S. , public spending on mental health services occurs primarily at the state and local levels .
According to study author Dominic Hodgkin , associate professor at the Heller School for Social Policy and Management at Brandeis , states and counties are now cutting this funding to deal with their budget crises .
One survey found that 32 state mental health agencies reported budget cuts in 2009 ; on average , the cuts tallied 4.9 percent of the budget .
The programs most affected by the cuts were inpatient adult services , clinic adult services , inpatient children 's services , clinic services for children , and targeted case management services for children , according to the survey .
Medicaid payments for mental health care have also been affected because states have some discretion to change their Medicaid programs .
One report found that thirteen states have reduced Medicaid payments to providers , and 14 have eliminated coverage for some treatments .
Hodgkin said that it is likely that the current cuts , made on top of earlier cuts , are affecting the delivery of core services .
Globally , mental health services have also taken a hit , despite stimulus plans implemented in many countries .
Nevertheless , said Hodgkin , there are a handful of bright spots .
The UK has designated stimulus money specifically for treating workers who have lost their jobs and are suffering anxiety and depression as a result .
The plan includes training 3,600 psychotherapists and hundreds of specialized nurses to be deployed to counseling centers .
Also , in China , Hong Kong 's health authority is reportedly increasing psychiatric training for doctors and nurses , specifically in response to recession - related mental health disorders .
" The recession poses formidable challenges for mental health services in the coming years , " said Hodgkin .
" While there are encouraging signs here and there of enlightened responses from governments that recognize the value of mental health services , in most countries , spending is being cut dramatically . "
Hodgkin advised more systematic tracking of need and spending on mental health services , to enable policymakers to identify problem areas and good ideas for responding to recessions .
His paper appears in a special issue of the International Journal of Mental Health focused on how recessions affect the prevalence and treatment of mental illness .
J. Christian Adams , , a former career Justice Department lawyer who resigned recently to protest political interference in cases he worked on , made some news yesterday in testimony before the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights .
As expected , he claimed that Associate Attorney General Thomas Perrelli , an Obama appointee , overruled a unanimous recommendation by six career Justice attorneys for continued prosecution of members of the New Black Panther Party on charges of voter intimidation in an incident I detailed here yesterday ....
A Polish " anarchist " who served 10 years ' imprisonment for a knife killing and is linked to various " anti-capitalist " movements in Europe is emerging as one of the key organisers in the protest against the Corrib gas pipeline .
Gardai are preparing for trouble as work begins on shore exploration work in preparation for the coming ashore of the pipeline .
Despite massive delays caused by protesters , and repeated inquiries by An Bord Pleanala , it is hoped that the project is now in its final stages .
Gas from Corrib will supply up to 60 per cent of Ireland 's gas needs .
We now import 90 per cent of our gas from the UK , and this is likely to increase as the Kinsale Head field dries up .
The Polish anarchist is believed to be a prominent figure in the European anarchist movement , which is targeting major international companies , and particularly those involved in energy supply .
He was released from jail in Poland in 2007 and appears to have been travelling to and from Ireland since .
He has visited the protest camp in Rossport , Co Mayo , on at least two occasions in February and March , and is believed to have been there a number of times since .
He was sentenced to 15 years ' imprisonment in Poland in 1997 after he was convicted of stabbing a youth to death during an incident which his supporters say was an attack on an anarchist commune by neo -Nazis .
His supporters say the killing was an act of self - defence and that he was unfairly convicted .
Under Polish penal law he was released after serving two - thirds of his sentence .
The arrival of anarchists to fight the building of the pipeline and refinery in Mayo is yet another strange development in what appears to be a series of throwbacks to the Cold War era .
The anarchists have so far devoted much of their energies to organising anti-globalisation and anti-capitalist protests to coincide with G20 meetings in European capitals and are seen as key troublemakers .
The anarchists are suspected of using encrypted messaging on the internet to organise trouble at the protests .
The group the Pole is believed to be a prominent member of terms itself the Anarchist Black Cross .
This name first emerged in Russia during the revolutionary period at the start of the 20th century .
The anarchists became a relatively powerful movement until they were crushed by the Bolsheviks .
Supporters of the Shell project in Mayo are angry at its targeting by international Left protesters but are angrier at the repeated delays forced by An Bord Pleanala inquiries .
After more than a decade of delays mainly due to environmental inquiries , the project faces still further delays with the prospect of yet another public oral hearing this autumn .
Sunday Independent
Coca -Cola Co. offers a kosher version of Coke that uses sugar ( look for bottles with yellow caps ) , often available around Passover .
Mexican - made Coca - Cola , which also uses real sugar , can sometimes be found in the United States , and fans pay a higher price for it .
One Dr Pepper bottler , Dublin Dr Pepper , has been making the soft drink with sugar since 1891 , in the drink 's home state of Texas .
After two decades , Nintendo is finally creating a new Kid Icarus , this time for the new Nintendo 3DS .
Kid Icarus
Uprising 's designer has even loftier goals for the sequel , targeting " an overriding problem with a lot of game design . "
Advertisement
Masahiro Sakurai , the brains behind Super Smash Bros .
Brawl and the new Kid Icarus , says that too many shooters —
Uprising 's genre — build on the same template thanks to an increasingly standardized control scheme .
Sakurai says this represents a " creativity problem " for developers .
Advertisement
" I 've found that , in the established genres , the controls are always the same , " Sakurai tells Techland .
" For example , in shooting games , you find first - person - shooters utilize all of the buttons on the controller and always do the same thing the stick is for moving , triggers for shooting and they 're always trapped in this very restricted framework for gameplay .
And , that 's just not creative .
" It feels like people are taking this empty shell and just swapping out the story and art and whatnot . "
Kid Icarus
Uprising 's control scheme sounds more simplified , using the 3DS 's touchscreen , analog stick ( or " slide pad " ) and the L button for much of the action .
Simple ?
Yes .
Creative ?
Maybe .
E3 2010 : Masahiro Sakurai Makes Kid Icarus Fly Again on the Nintendo 3DS [ Techland ]
Bruce Bartlett recalls the 1990 Budget deal , simultaneously the biggest triumph of conservative governance in twenty years and utterly anathema on the right :
Budget negotiations finally concluded in late September .
The final deal cut spending by $ 324 billion over five years and raised revenues by $ 159 billion .
The most politically toxic part of the deal , as far as congressional Republicans were concerned , involved an increase in the top statutory income tax rate to 31 percent from 28 percent , which had been established by the Tax Reform Act of 1986 .
The top rate had been 50 percent from 1981 to 1986 and 70 percent from 1965 to 1980 .
More importantly , the deal contained powerful mechanisms for controlling future deficits .
In particular , a strong pay - as - you - go ( PAYGO ) rule required that new spending or tax cuts had to be offset by spending cuts or tax increases .
There were also caps on discretionary spending that were to be enforced by automatic spending cuts .
...
Budget experts now agree that the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 , which was strengthened in 1993 by another budget deal that was opposed by all Republicans , deserves much of the credit for the subsequent improvement in the deficit , which shrank from 4.7 percent of GDP in 1992 to virtual balance in 1997 and gave us budget surpluses from 1998 to 2001 .
Economist Robert Reischauer , director of the Congressional Budget Office when the 1990 budget deal was enacted , told me it was “ the foundation upon which the surpluses of the 1998 to 2001 period were built . ”
Conservative dogma continues to regard any such bargain as anathema .
Tax increases only encourage more spending , and spending cuts disappear , goes the right - wing line .
It 's utterly false , but that 's what conservatives insist is the case .
Last week , Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) officers arrested a suspect they believe is the elusive " Grim Sleeper " serial killer responsible for 11 murders across South Los Angeles , dating as far back as 1985 .
The arrest made national news , in part because the LAPD broke the case by using a controversial new technique known as " familial DNA " searching .
Prosecutors are now using this success to argue that familial DNA should be used more widely .
There 's no question that the arrest in the " Grim Sleeper " case was an enormous relief for both the victims ' families and for the South Los Angeles community that has lived under the shadow of these serial murders .
But whether we should expand familial searching is n't just about the success in this case : it 's about whether familial DNA searching is really the silver bullet prosecutors suggest , and whether privacy and civil rights concerns have been adequately addressed .
The answer to both questions , for the moment , is no .
With traditional DNA forensic analysis , police take a DNA sample recovered from the crime scene , analyze various portions of it , and try to find an exact match in a database of DNA taken , for the most part , from people convicted of felonies .
There is enough variation in human DNA that an exact match provides a very high likelihood that the crime - scene sample came from the same person as the match in the database , which usually provides potent evidence of guilt ( or innocence , if the samples do not match ) .
Familial DNA searching , on the other hand , goes a step further and works off the principle that if the DNA is a partial but not exact match , then the sample may be taken from somebody who is related to the database match .
So all the police have to do is look at all that person 's relatives and see if one of them might be the perpetrator , right ?
Not so simple .
First , there are serious privacy concerns .
Currently , there are inadequate regulations about the storage of DNA in databases and their potential uses .
DNA is much more than just a record of where we 've been dropping stray hairs .
It 's our genetic information .
It contains information about diseases and medical conditions we have , as well as those we might one day get .
Genetic information has been linked not just to physical traits like hair and eye color , but aggression , susceptibility to addiction , and sexual orientation .
And while the portions of DNA that are analyzed for inclusion in the database probably do n't code for any traits ( though that 's still being debated by scientists ) , most jurisdictions retain the original biological samples and so have access to the full genetic information of people in the database .
Second , expanding the use of DNA investigations to familial searches widens the net of innocent individuals who could fall under suspicion and be investigated by police .
The allure of DNA databases used in traditional forensic analyses has been that they can identify people who are guilty of a crime .
But familial searching identifies only people who police know are not guilty of the crime , and potentially encourages police to go knocking on doors asking about family members , their histories , and their likelihood to commit a crime .
While proponents of traditional DNA investigations justify their use by arguing that the people included in them have been convicted of crimes ( usually felonies ) so their civil liberties should weigh differently against public safety , such arguments do not hold water with familial searching , where people who have never even had a speeding ticket can be reached through the database if one of their relatives has committed a crime .
This is all the more problematic as the familial searches are n't very accurate .
And they usually do n't result in arrests — California has run familial searches of their DNA databases in eight other cases since 2008 , and once before in the Grim Sleeper case .
None of those nine searches ever led to an arrest .
Compounding this problem , because our criminal justice system disproportionately arrests and convicts people of color , those populations ( particularly African - Americans ) are vastly overrepresented in the DNA databases .
Because familial searches extend the reach of databases beyond the offender to the offenders ' family , the result is a genetic map of communities of color , and a law enforcement tool that is much more likely to solve crimes committed by black offenders than white offenders .
That raises serious concerns of racial equity .
In the " Grim Sleeper " investigation , the LAPD took great care to consider privacy and civil rights in its investigation , but there are no assurances or guidelines to make sure that such practices are widespread .
If the police are going to widen the use familial DNA searching , then the " Grim Sleeper " case is a good example of the kind of case that it should be used in , and the way it should be used .
California Attorney General Jerry Brown has issued guidelines limiting familial searching to the most serious , violent cases , only when all other investigative leads have been exhausted and there 's an ongoing threat to public safety .
And the authorities in the " Grim Sleeper " case did n't go knocking on doors of every partial match — they winnowed the list based on additional DNA tests , gathered circumstantial evidence that showed the suspect lived in the area where the killings occurred and was the right age to have committed the crimes over the course of more than two decades , and they obtained an identical DNA match before going public .
But in California , as in other states , the standards that led to this kind of caution are voluntary — there 's no statutory scheme governing the use of familial searches , and no oversight mechanism to ensure the rules are followed .
We need both .
Finally , the success in the " Grim Sleeper " case does n't justify expanding the reach of DNA databases — for example , to include people who have been merely arrested for a felony , but not convicted or even charged with a crime .
The Grim Sleeper arrest was made using DNA taken from a person convicted of a felony , not a mere arrestee .
Even familial DNA searching should n't have been necessary , because the Grim Sleeper suspect has at least two prior felony convictions .
California and 14 other states currently take DNA samples from people merely arrested — not convicted — for a felony , making residents ' civil liberties and genetic privacy turn on the discretion of one police officer as he or she writes his or her report .
Fully one - third of Californians arrested for a felony are never convicted of a crime .
That 's not just bad policy , it raises serious constitutional concerns .
The ACLU of Northern California is currently challenging the DNA profiling of arrestees under the Fourth Amendment .
( Originally posted on Daily Kos . )
National Archives Unveils New Federal Register 2.0 web Site
Media Alert ·
Washington , DC
WHAT : Press - only preview of the National Archives Federal Register 2.0 web site ( FR 2.0 ) , a new user - friendly version of the daily online Federal Register to encourage citizens to participate in the democratic process .
To mark the 75th anniversary of the Federal Register Act on July 26 , 2010 , the National Archives Office of the Federal Register ( OFR ) and the Government Printing Office ( GPO ) will launch FR 2.0 on FederalRegister.gov .
The FR 2.0 web site will be similar to a daily web newspaper , with a clear layout and new tools to guide readers to the most popular topics and relevant documents .
The site will display individual news sections for Money , Environment , World , Science & Technology , Business & Industry , and Health & Public Welfare .
FR 2.0 will have greatly improved navigation and search tools and will highlight each agency ’s significant rules .
The new web site takes advantage of social media and integrates seamlessly with Regulations.gov and the Unified Agenda to make it easy for users to submit comments directly into the official e-Rulemaking docket , and view the history of rulemaking activity through a regulatory timeline .
WHEN :
Thursday , July 15 , 2010 .
10 A.M.
Note : Please allow 15 minutes to clear through lobby security
WHO :
Archivist of the United States David S. Ferriero
Office of the Federal Register Director Ray Mosley
Federal Register Managing Editor Michael White
WHERE :
Office of the Federal Register
800 North Capitol Street , NW
Suite 700
Washington , DC 20001
Background
The concept of FR 2.0 originated with Open Government advocates , and was later advanced by the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy .
In technology terms , FR 2.0 uses the bulk XML from GPO ’s Federal Digital System ( FDsys ) to present regulatory material in new configurations .
The applications on the site are built from open source code , which will be returned to the open source community for unrestricted use in other applications .
FR 2.0 will be posted as an unofficial prototype on July 26 , 2010 , on FederalRegister.gov to gather public feedback , and may be approved as an official edition in 2011 .
# # #
For Press information , contact the National Archives Public Affairs staff at 202-357-5300 .
Follow us on :
Twitter : http://twitter.com/archivesnews
Facebook : US National Archives
If you ’re looking for that genuinely unique electric vehicle , this might just be it .
The 2 million dollar submarine pictured above has an all electric propulsion system and is designed to be launched from superyachts like Paul Allen ’s Octopus .
The sub sits two in comfort , has air conditioning and can go down to 1,000 ft for 6 hours at a time .
Full Specifications ;
This is the two - person submersible that can descend to a depth of 1,000′ .
Providing access to underwater features such as coral reefs , shipwrecks , and the sea floor , a completely transparent , climate - controlled 3 1/4 ″ - thick acrylic pressure sphere keeps explorers safe while dipping even into the mesopelagic zone , offering a chance to see exotic , bioluminescent species such as lanternfish .
With a maximum speed of three knots , it is powered by a 120 - and 24 - volt battery bank that provide up to six hours of continuous undersea adventure .
The craft is propelled by two 3 - hp main thrusters that provide fore , aft , and directional control and two 3 - hp vertical / translational thrusters that provide up , down , and lateral control .
A centrally located joystick with independent main and vertical / translational thruster controls enables precise positioning near undersea attractions .
The craft ’s dual - pontoon structure and broad freeboard ensure superior surface stability , even in high sea conditions .
While submerged , four external 150 - watt quart - halogen lamps illuminate subjects while a xenon strobe light and RF beacon alerts others of the craft ’s whereabouts .
The 56 3/4 ″ - diameter sphere ’s inner diameter enables comfortable , upright seating for passengers .
A VHF radio provides surfaced communication and its underwater telephone communicates while submerged .
It is equipped with a suite of standard instrumentation , including a barometer , thermometer , hygrometer , depth gauges , fluxgate and magnetic compasses , mechanical clinometers , pressure gauges , and a GPS receiver .
Fully classified and certified as a +A1 passenger - carrying manned submersible by the American Bureau of Shipping .
Includes comprehensive training .
10 1/2′ L x 8 1/2′ W x 6 1/4′ H. ( 6,600 lbs. )
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity –
If this sounds like your cup of tea , head over to Hammacher and order yours today .
Being hired barely dispels Antonio ’s bleak sense that in depressed post - War Rome ' Everything ’s a dead loss ’ — he ’s pawned his Fides ( ' Faith ’ ) bicycle , so his wife has to pawn their bedsheets to get it out of hock .
Still , his pride starts to return when he dons his new uniform and pedals off with ladder and bucket .
Thus when criminals pinch it while he ’s pasting up a Rita Hayworth poster , it feels like the end of the world .
Starting off their observations tonight , the folks over at CR pointed to a quote from NBER Chair Robert Hall from an AP story from yesterday , in : " Recession Dating and a ' Double Dip ' . "
Yesterday an AP story quoted Robert Hall , the current Chairman of NBER on a " double dip " :
So what exactly is a ' double - dip ' recession ?
" The idea -- hypothetical because it has yet to happen -- is that activity might rise for a period , but not far enough to complete a cycle , then fall again , and finally rise above its original level , only then completing the cycle . "
CR points us to the most recent " double - dip , " in the early 1980's , when the NBER dated those as two separate recessions .
You may read the NBER 's announcement , from July 8th , 1981 , declaring the end of the recession in 1980 here : " Business Cycle Trough Last July . "
And here 's their declaration announcing the beginning of the 1981 - 1982 recession : " Current Recession Began in July . "
The folks at Calculated Risk then point us to this public domain comment from the NBER : " The NBER 's Recession Dating Procedure . "
In choosing the dates of business - cycle turning points , the committee follows standard procedures to assure continuity in the chronology .
Because a recession influences the economy broadly and is not confined to one sector , the committee emphasizes economy - wide measures of economic activity .
The committee views real GDP as the single best measure of aggregate economic activity .
...
The committee places particular emphasis on two monthly measures of activity across the entire economy : ( 1 ) personal income less transfer payments , in real terms and ( 2 ) employment .
In addition , the committee refers to two indicators with coverage primarily of manufacturing and goods : ( 3 ) industrial production and ( 4 ) the volume of sales of the manufacturing and wholesale - retail sectors adjusted for price changes .
Here 's where CR 's coverage of the matter becomes somewhat of a " stunner . "
They provide us with a review of the NBER 's four criteria : real GDP ( and real " Gross Domestic Income , " or " GDI " ) , industrial production , employment , and income ( real personal income less transfer payments ) .
Here are the inconvenient , quantitative truths :
GDP
GDP through Q1 2010 ... " Real Gross Domestic Product and Income : Percent of Previous Peak . "
In the early 1980's , as CR points out , real GDP and real GDI " ... returned to pre-recession levels before declining again . "
This time , we 're not yet there .
Industrial Production
Federal Reserve data on monthly industrial production through May : " Industrial Production : Percent of Previous Peak . "
CR reminds us that industrial production is still 8.1 % below the pre-recession peak , with growth slowing ( although still expanding ) .
In the early ' 80's , industrial production was only about a half - point , percentage - wise , below its previous peak .
Employment
Bureau of Labor Statistics ' Employment through June : " Employment : Percent of Previous Peak . "
In the early 80's , employment returned to its previous peak .
Now , not even close .
Many economists are predicting that unemployment numbers may worsen during the balance of the year .
Real Personal Income
Real Personal Income ( excluding transfer payments ) through May : " Real Personal Income Less Transfer Payments : Percent of Previous Peak . "
And , lastly , we 're told that while personal income returned to its previous levels in - between the double - dip in 1980 - 1982 , real personal income has only increased slightly this time around , and we 're 6 % below the pre-recession peak .
So , it 's not surprising that Calculated Risk would come to the following conclusions :
Based on these graphs and the NBER memos , it would seem pretty easy to date two recessions in the early ' 80s .
However , if another recession starts this year , it will almost certainly be dated as a continuation of the " great recession " that started in 2007 .
If so , I 'll need more blue ink to shade all my graphs ...
IMHO , more likely than not , these are the realities of our economy heading into the last four months of the 2010 election cycle .
In short , there can't be a double - dip recession if the Great Recession never ended , in the first place .
And , for Democrats , that may be the most brutal truth of all .
Buyer Beware - Banks Are Attempting to Sell Foreclosed Homes They Don't Yet Own !!!
Yesterday I received a call from my buyer 's title attorney and the call went something like this ...
Title Attorney :
We wo n't be able to close the on the sale of the property at NNN ABC STREET in Baltimore , Maryland tomorrow .
Agent ( that 's me ) :
Why not ?
Title Attorney : Because Bank of America does n't have clear title to the property .
Agent ( that 's me ) :
Why not ?
Title Attorney : Because the court in Baltimore has n't yet ratified the sale of the foreclosed property .
Agent ( that 's me ) : Hmmm ... sounds like the seller could be held in breach of contract because they do n't have marketable title to the property .
BOA Home Loan Servicing is trying to sell a property they do n't own , does n't that violate Maryland law ?
Title Attorney : Yes , they are probably in breach of contract .
Agent ( that 's me ) :
The plot thickens ...
Bank of America was also trying to force the buyer to use their title company .
In Maryland title company selection is always " buyer 's choice " .
I wonder if there was n't something else going on there that they did n't want the buyer to know about this property ?
Title Attorney : Yes , it 's usually buyer 's choice of title company .
Since we were looking out for the buyer 's best interest , selecting an independent title attorney and company not affiliated with BOA was a good move on the part of the buyer .
Click here for more information foreclosure proceeding in the State of Maryland
Agent ( that 's me ) :
Now what is the buyer to do ?
Title Attorney :
Well , the buyer can wait an indefinite period of time for the courts to ratify the sale of this foreclosure , but , there 's no way to know whether its fourth or 40,000th on some judges docket .
Agent ( that 's me ) : I 'll have to discuss this with the buyer , but , I think I 'll advise them to void the contract .
The buyer could show up at settlement at your office with money in hand and the seller would NOT be able to settle , then the buyer could seek redress under the terms of the contract , which could take a while and tie the buyer and the property and Bank of America up in court for a long time .
It might be better to void contact .
I 'll have to see what the buyer wants to do .
Summary
In summary , in any real estate transaction , Maryland law provides for the buyer 's choice in title company , title lawyer , settlement company , escrow company , mortgage lender , and / or financial institution as defined in the Annotated Code of Maryland .
In this case the buyer 's due diligence and selection of an independent title company has protected the buyer from purchasing home they could loose were the court to fail to ratify the contract of sale of the foreclosed home to the bank .
Fritz Donner ( 1896 -1979 ) was both the son of a homeopathic physician and a homeopath himself .
From 1927 on , he worked in the homeopathic hospital of Stuttgart .
There he discovered that many things were seriously wrong in homeopathy .
When a homeopath prescribes a medicine , he does this by comparing the symptoms of the patient with what are called in homeopathy drug pictures .
A drug picture is basically a list of symptoms related to the homeopathic drug .
Homeopathic doctrine says that such a list should be composed of all the remarkable ' symptoms ' observed in healthy people who have taken the drug .
These symptoms are obtained by so - called provings ( another homeopathic term ) .
During a proving several healthy people take the drug , and then write down their ' symptoms ' in a diary .
More details can be found on Wikipedia .
Homeopathic drugs are famous for often being highly diluted , but for a proving it is not necessary to work with highly diluted materials .
However , homeopathic doctrine says that the more spiritual symptoms are obtained with higher dilutions .
So for potency C6 ( that 's homeopathic jargon for a 100 x 100 x 100 x 100 x 100 x 100 dilution , prepared by repeatedly hitting the bottle against a soft leather object like a book binding at each dilution step ) , the drug picture might be different from C1 , and at C30 one may have an altogether different drug picture .
For example , common table salt becomes a powerful drug at high dilutions .
Delirium tremens
At least , that was ( and is ) the theory .
Donner soon discovered that things were totally different in practice .
For example , it was dogmatically assumed that Apis mellifica presented as key symptoms : ( 1 ) a small pouch under the right eyelid and ( 2 ) a lack of thirst .
When Donner looked this up it turned out that these remarkable symptoms did not come from a proper drug proving , but from a case of a bee sting near the right corner of the mouth .
The victim 's right cheek had swollen to gigantic proportions .
While this edema was forming , the victim became very thirsty , which is quite natural when a large amount of bodily fluid all goes to the cheek .
As soon as the edema subsided , the victim 's thirst vanished .
Similarly , a friend of Donner discovered that in the original writings of Hahnemann ( the founder of homeopathy ) there were reports of no fewer than 716 symptoms obtained by rubbing people with a magnet !
It was clear ( in 1927 ) that these must have been placebo symptoms , and Donner and his friends ( all assistant physicians in the Stuttgart hospital ) wondered whether other provings might not have yielded placebo symptoms as well .
However , no homeopath had ever asked that question before .
One remedy , Platina , had special properties , but these all went back to precisely one instance of a ' slightly exalted ' lady who suddenly started to see everything smaller after taking it .
Such a phenomenon may have had a psychiatric cause .
Lac caninum ( dog 's milk ) used to be recommended strongly for diphtheria .
Again this was based on one single case , namely that of Laura Morgan , a 24 - year - old American lady physician .
On one summer morning in 1870 she took a few grains CM ( a dilution prepared by a special recipe of the American Dr. Swan ) of this remedy , and subsequently she suffered for two years from frequently recurring bouts of delirium tremens .
According to homeopathic doctrine it does n't matter at all what people suffer from before they take the remedy .
During these two years Laura once had a sore throat .
This was diagnosed as diphtheria , but Donner thought this diagnosis should not be trusted .
In the first place Laura apparently was n't sick enough to stay in bed , and in the second place US physicians often had very poor training then .
Sometimes one could become fully licensed after a study of two years , or even one year , without seeing any patients at all , and with only elementary school knowledge as a prerequisite .
Donner was very surprised that nobody wanted to listen to his findings about the unreliability of drug pictures .
Moreover , when he gave a talk on the Lac caninum affair , his superiors threatened to fire him on the spot if he ever pulled off a similar stunt again .
Completely unblinded
In 1927 Germany was greatly interested in homeopathy .
A famous surgeon named August Bier ( inventor of the spinal - puncture method of anaesthesia ) had pleaded in favour of homeopathy in 1925 .
The State Health Organisation ( Reichsgesundheitsamt , RGA ) , an organisation comparable to the FDA and the NIH rolled into one , decided that homeopathy should be tested .
In 1933 the Nazis came into power in Germany .
Apart from their unsavoury politics , they were also quite obsessed with health and natural medicine .
Not many people know that German medical doctors figured out well before 1945 that smoking was the main cause of lung cancer , long before Doll and Peto did the same .
So in 1936 , during an International Homeopathic Congress in Berlin , it was solemnly announced ( by Rudolf Hess ! ) that tests were going to be started .
The gentlemen of the RGA worked with German thoroughness .
First they interviewed many homeopaths about their views and practices .
Donner relates that they visited him 300 times .
The plan was to first perform provings ( randomized double blind , of course ) and later also tests of homeopathic remedies on patients .
If everything worked out , the German state was prepared to spend hundreds of millions of ( pre-war ) dollars .
It soon turned out that traditionally a so - called proving never was performed in a blinded fashion .
Sometimes the testees were given a bottle with a placebo to begin with , but then they were told : ' This is a placebo to test your suggestibility ' !
No wonder everybody left his diary blank after that .
When Donner got the idea to omit this warning , and even went as far as to give everybody three rounds of placebo ( in three successive weeks ) , his testees , physicians who took his introductory course in homeopathy , filled their diaries with just as many ' symptoms ' as when they got a real ( highly diluted ) remedy .
When Donner told this to his homeopathic colleagues , they did n't believe him .
' This is humanly impossible ! ' they said .
Around the same time , Paul Martini was performing similar experiments , as part of the same mega - project , and he was criticized much for his findings .
It was also discovered that in reprovings ( provings to confirm the findings of ancient homeopaths ) the leaders of the experiments were wont to select from the diaries those symptoms they thought to be confirmatory , ignoring all the many , many others .
Not many experiments with treatments of sick people were performed .
However , the chairman of the Central Association of Homeopathic Physicians in Germany , Hanns Rabe , conducted one , under the supervision of the RGA .
He was allowed to select a number of chronic hospital patients who could be treated well with the Silicea remedy ( highly diluted sand ) .
Donner warned him that these patients would not recover , and they did n't .
It was such a debacle that the gentlemen of the RGA did not dare to report this to their superiors .
Maybe they feared dismissal or worse when the political leaders would hear that their beloved therapy had failed so dismally .
Then Rabe was pressured by the RGA to plan an experiment to cure Basedow 's disease by homeopathy .
He had bragged that this was easy , and he even had signed written statements to that effect , so he could n't refuse .
That was the moment that Rabe confessed to Donner that homeopathy could n't do that at all , that homeopathy was merely psychotherapy in disguise and all this bragging by homeopaths should not be taken literally .
Donner did not agree at first , but later changed his opinion at least partly , after he had discovered to what degree his own treatments were merely placebo treatments , that worked purely because of the belief of the patients - who often had imaginary diseases as well .
In the three years between 1936 and 1939 many more experiments could have been performed , but from Donner 's letters it appears that it was quite common that homeopaths bragged a lot , but when they were called upon to cooperate in clinical experiments under the supervision of the RGA , they did everything to avoid cooperation .
Incidentally , one should not think that these tests were cruel maltreatments of inmates of death camps .
The teams selected for conducting experiments were high ranking staff members of academic hospitals , who were supposed to work with the patients of their hospitals .
If necessary , the state was prepared to pay for extra temporary departments in the hospitals , for example a Basedow department with 50 beds for Rabe .
For drug provings one thought about recruiting volunteers from lay homeopathic associations ;
Donner himself tested in a few years altogether about 200 doctors taking his courses .
As inoffensive as possible
After the outbreak of the war the experiments were stopped .
( In fact , Reichsfüher - SS Heinrich Himmler ordered amateurish tests to be performed in concentrations camps , but these had nothing to do with the RGA tests . )
However , after the war the RGA and its successor , the Federal Health Service ( Bundesgesundheitsamt , BGA ) , were looking for a long time for someone who wanted to deal with all the collected material , an approximately 12 - foot - high stack of folders with transcripts of interviews , together with the results of drug provings ( and probably all the diaries of those provings ) .
Homeopaths tend to be longwinded , so all those interviews may have constituted a sizeable portion of the material .
Donner was too busy running a hospital in Berlin , so he did not want to take on the task .
But after Donner 's retirement in 1961 , the BGA and others kept asking him to write a report on the whole affair ' from a homeopathic point of view ' .
Donner worked for four years on this , and when he surmised that a publication from the BGA was forthcoming and that the tests were to be continued , he whittled down his 300 - page report to 40 pages and tried to submit this to a homeopathic journal .
It was his intention to bring sense to his homeopathic friends before it was too late .
He hoped that they would abandon all their beliefs in high dilutions , and just stick to a few substances , and to drug pictures for low potencies : C1 , C2 and maybe C3 .
Apparently he believed that the similia principle would hold true for these cases .
However , the homeopathic journal refused to publish his article , and the BGA did not publish it either .
The 12 feet of paperwork vanished without a trace .
One would almost suspect a conspiracy , but it was probably just sloppiness and stupidity , as usual .
In 1969 a translation of Donner 's report was published in a French homeopathic journal , but it did nothing to abate the rise of homeopathy .
Indeed , ' homeopathy ' has become a highly profitable over - the - counter medication , which is a far cry from doctors spending an hour with a patient , while leafing through impressive volumes to locate the ' most similar ' drug for all the patient 's subjective complaints and experiences .
Donner also wrote two letters to homeopathic colleagues with comments on his report .
He had tried to keep his report as inoffensive as possible , omitting the worst examples of homeopathic stupidity and ignorance .
In his letters to trusted colleagues he was less restrained .
One of them was the then chairman of the Homeopathic Association , Erich Unseld , and the other was the editor - in - chief of the main homeopathic journal , Heinz Schoeler .
Reading those letters one wonders : why did Donner not give up on homeopathy altogether ?
I think there are two reasons .
One is that it was his childhood faith .
The other is that before 1939 homeopathy and regular medicine where not as different as one might think .
Homeopaths used to boast that their hospitals had better results .
Donner wrote a paper explaining that there were so many differences between homeopathic and regular hospitals that a comparison would be meaningless .
He pointed also to a 1915 publication ( reprinted in several American homeopathic journals ) by Professor Fritz Conrad Askenstedt of the Southwestern Homoeopathic Medical College in Louisville .
From April 1 , 1899 , the city hospital had an agreement with the College that one out of every six patients admitted to the hospital should be treated by the homeopaths of the College .
Food and nursing ( and presumably the anaesthetics during operations ) were exactly the same for all patients , only the medication being different for the homeopathically treated patients .
It turned out that the death rates of the ' allopaths ' and the homeopaths were statistically indistinguishable .
Neither was there a difference when the deaths were split according to the kind of disease ( lung , heart , intestines , kidney , infectious disease , surgery , etc. ) .
The explanation was of course that , at the time , regular medicine was pretty powerless .
In a 1922 paper that compared homeopathy and regular medicine , the following regular medicines for pneumonia were listed : atropine , caffeine , camphor oil , digitalis , morphine , strychnine , whiskey , etc .
Regular medicine improved only slowly .
Donner wrote to Unseld that he and his friends in Stuttgart had tried to establish the effect of homeopathy on pneumonia in 1930 .
At that time he observed a death rate of 55 % ( 7 out of 13 ) , which he thought to be unacceptably high compared to regular medicine , especially because they did not treat the more serious cases , but only patients who were perfectly healthy before the onset of pneumonia , and not , for example , old and weak people who could no longer afford to pay health insurance .
Homeopathy is based on the similia principle , and Donner 's attitude shows that belief in this principle is logically independent from belief in the efficacy of high dilutions .
For most critics of homeopathy these high dilutions are the most baffling part of homeopathy , but the similia principle rests on equally poor foundations : jumping to conclusions and crediting anecdotal experiences .
Dreaming on
Reading between the lines , one gets the impression that the gentlemen of the RGA did not believe a thing about homeopathy .
But the highest authorities ( Hess and maybe even Hitler himself ) had ordered them to prove homeopathy , and orders being orders , they could not refuse to cooperate .
If they would find that homeopathy did not work , they would need cast iron proofs that they had done their utmost to be fair .
They gave the homeopaths no chance to complain of unfairness .
Rabe confessed to Donner that the gentlemen had been so utterly correct and amicable that he could not find any pretext to refuse cooperation , and that he was racking his brains for a way to sabotage the proceedings , ' because we can't do at all what we claim we can do ' .
And when Donner tried to explain to the RGA that all this stuff with high dilutions was nonsense , they told him in no uncertain terms that they had been charged with examining the standard practice of homeopaths , and not the opinions of one Mr. Donner .
The whole Donner report was published in German in a not very well - known journal ( Perfusion ) in 1995 , and also in a dissertation of 2003 .
The letters of Donner to Unseld and Schoeler became available in French translation in the appendix of a 1985 book .
Furthermore , the original German texts are now available on the internet ( as well as a Dutch translation ) .
Many people are unaware of the shaky foundations ( the drug pictures ) of homeopathy .
The homeopaths are unwilling to show that this basis is more than fantasy .
All over the world science students start out doing simple experiments confirming well known principles .
So why do n't homeopaths do the same ?
The basic experiments of homeopathy are so simple that a nine - year - old child could do them , just as Emily Rosa did in the case of Therapeutic Touch .
In fact , one of the first randomized double blind trials in the history of medicine was a homeopathic drug proving ( and it failed miserably ) .
So let the homeopaths first show how to do simple drug provings properly blinded and randomized , if they can .
If they are not willing to do that , they apparently do not take themselves seriously enough to deserve to be taken seriously by others .
Let them dream on , and invent ever more silly remedies .
We should n't spend a penny of public money on checking the effectiveness of homeopathy .
It 's not worth it .
Homeopathy is in the same category as perpetual motion machines and the flat - earth doctrine .
The author thanks Mrs. A. Atsou - Pier and Joe Nickell for linguistic help .
Newsletter
The Digital Newletter of the Dutch Association against Quackery will keep you informed regularly about new articles on this site .
A " PROFOUNDLY vulnerable " wheelchair - bound disabled woman was told she would die a horrible death unless she handed her life savings to doomsday cult leader Rocco Leo .
And in exchange , he would bring her to a mystery island and miraculously help her walk again .
The startling claims have surfaced during civil action launched by Silvia Melchiorre , 37 , against Leo and senior members of Agape Ministries , Joe and Marie Antoinette Veneziano .
Ms Melchiorre is suing the trio for $ 500,000 , including the $ 420,000 she handed over after selling her house , lost rental income , costs and damages .
They have not been seen since police raided 13 properties associated with the cult last month , uncovering a cache of weapons and ammunition .
The District Civil Court was told her case would be the first of many involving followers of the Agape Ministries cult .
Ms Melchiorre was left in a wheelchair after suffering a series of strokes caused by a brain tumour , leaving her with a " restricted capacity to read and communicate " .
The court was told that between 2008 and 2009 , Leo and his fellow church leaders convinced her that the entire population of the world was about to be fitted with tiny microchips which the government would use to control people .
They told her that anyone who refused to have the " chip " inserted under their skin would be arrested and branded as terrorists .
" ( They would be ) rounded up by the government and confined to concentration camps where ultimately they would be exterminated , " the document says .
" The government intended to begin rounding people up commencing in or about June 2010 and that unless the plaintiff escaped from Australia in May or June 2010 , she would not be able to escape and ultimately would be killed in concentration camps either by gassing or being beheaded . "
It was alleged Leo said her other option was to accompany members of the Agape Ministries to their South Pacific island , where she would be healed .
" The healing waters of The Island would cure the plaintiff and would be able to walk again , " the statement of claim says .
In a recent hearing , Barrister David Riggall , for Ms Melchiorre , asked that Leo 's bank accounts and assets be frozen while his whereabouts remained a mystery .
Mr Riggall said Leo had promised to return Ms Melchiorre 's money but later fled when police executed a series of raids on properties linked to the Agape Ministries .
The matter will continue in court on June 16 .
The court ordered Leo 's assets and accounts be frozen until further notice .
Ms Melchiorre 's family declined to comment .
Debates
in Houston ( Video ) in Dallas
In the News
Perry was eager to debate the first time he ran for governor .
The Austin American - Statesman said on Aug. 7 , 2002 :
The debates between Republican Gov. Rick Perry and Democratic challenger Tony Sanchez will play out in miniseries format .
But the premiere will not come as early as Perry would like .
“ I ’m ready to start next week , ” he said Tuesday in calling for a series of debates , “ and hope Mr. Sanchez will step from behind his multimillion - dollar attack advertising campaign and join me at these debates . ”
The Dallas Morning News said on Sept. 13 , 2002 :
Although Mr. Perry has lobbied for as many as 11 other debates , the Sanchez campaign responded that two probably will be it . … [ a Perry spokesman ] said such [ rural ] areas have unique problems that deserve the candidates ’ attention , and Mr. Sanchez ’s decision “ to limit debate is a slap in the face to rural Texas . ”
DÉJÀ VU : In the Fort Worth Star - Telegram on April 16 , 2002 :
“ We ca n’t really have this debate until Mr. Sanchez opens up his private affairs , his tax schedules , to the public , ” Perry said .
In the Debates
Rick Perry : “ Mr. Sanchez , you should n’t feel good .
You should n’t feel good when the federal authorities tell you that there is drug money that came into your bank , in cash , in suitcases .
And then you sent the money to Panama , at the request of those drug dealers . ”
Rick Perry : “ I ’ve been elected statewide more times than [ Sanchez ] has voted in the past decade . ”
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Nintendo has finally announced the release date for Metroid : Other M in the UK and Europe following a loose release window revealed last week .
The space shooter adventure title will head to retail on Friday September 3rd .
This puts it on the European market four days after its US launch , confirmed as August 31st during Nintendo ’s E3 press conference .
Metroid : Other M has been developed by the original Metroid creators at Nintendo and Team Ninja , which produces the Dead or Alive fighting franchise .
The game merges 2D platforming and FPS gameplay while holding true to the series ’ themes of exploration and acquiring new powers .
Players can move and fight in third person by holding the Wii Remote sideways .
By aiming the controller at the screen , the game switches to a first - person viewpoint .
Metroid : Other M is the latest Nintendo Metroid game following the Prime trilogy .
In 2001 , riots in Argentina protesting President Fernando de la Rua 's economic decisions overthrew him from office and killed almost 30 people .
Latin American protests have resulted in numerous deaths and national crises since the 1970s , but also democratic reforms .
Now , a MU researcher has found that although political protests can be violent , they can lead to stronger political parties and more responsive policies .
" Many of these recent protests in Latin America have led to changes in policies and the direction of the government , " said Moises Arce , associate professor of political science in the MU College of Arts and Science .
" It appears that in some cases , protests may ultimately be helpful for democracy .
Some of the established parties may be taking some things for granted .
Political protests become forms of street accountability .
The change that we have seen after many of these protests is the creation of new parties that better represent the popular interests of society , and , therefore , serve as more effective communication channels for political discourse . "
Arce studied the political activity and parties in 17 Latin American countries since 1978 .
He found that most protests were fueled by the creation of economic policies that favored the business sector .
Most recent policies have given Latin America large - scale economic stability but little improvement from the general public 's perspective .
There is still a high level of unemployment , and the public has become more knowledgeable of political corruption , he said .
" In some of the major protests , people have died , so it 's extremely unfortunate that some positive government reforms happened that way , " Arce said .
" Currently , almost all Latin American countries have left or left - leaning presidents .
Left or left - leaning presidents tend to be more responsive to popular demands and will create a new political equilibrium between those popular demands and the business sector . "
Arce said that although people often argue that protests are disruptive and should be channeled in a different way or that the time for protests has passed , the reality is that these protests are happening and they 're not necessarily hurting democratic stability .
More people in Latin America have become tolerant of protests , Arce said , and they 've started to argue that maybe you need both parties and protests in a democracy .
Arce 's research has been published in Party Politics .
He hopes to complete more detailed research on the consequences of Latin American political protests .
The moment you first lay eyes on the iPhone 4's new Retina display , you are ruined .
No other display will ever make you happy .
Not unless it , too , is a Retina display .
You start seeing pixels everywhere .
My beloved MacBook Pro's screen ?
Pixels .
The iPad I bought a few months ago and could n't leave aside ?
Pixels .
Retina changes everything
The iPhone 4 really does change everything again and not just for phones .
By introducing the Retina display , Apple has just changed the rules of the game .
Make no mistake , this is as fundamental a shift as the move from black and white to color TV .
I now want Retina displays on my next iPad and my next MacBook Pro ( and will happily pay a premium for it ) .
Whether or not Apple has the technology to meet the expectations it has now created with the Retina display on its other products is another issue ( i.e. , does the technology exist to manufacture a 326 ppi 15 " retina display for a MacBook Pro ? )
With the introduction of the Retina display , Apple has guaranteed the following three things :
Vectors will play a central role in any graphic production pipeline .
You basically have to design liquid interfaces ( and interface elements ) for your apps .
You wo n't be able to get away with the levels of image compression you 've been using so far .
Basically , if you want your applications and web sites to look beautiful on the iPhone 4's new retina screen , you 're going to have to create high - resolution versions of your bitmaps and / or use vectors .
Resolution independence is here today and it is here to stay .
What about images in web pages ?
While version 4 of the iPhone SDK handles much of the hassle of working with two versions of every bitmap for you by automatically loading the right image if you adhere to the simple naming convention of adding @ 2 x to the ends of your image names , no such automagic handling of images exists for images in web pages .
I 'd been meaning to look into this since I got my iPhone 4 last week and was happy to see that Walt Dickinson beat me to it with his article on Targeting the iPhone 4 Retina Display with CSS3 Media Queries in which he draws on Dave Hyatt 's post on high DPI web sites , John Gruber 's
Why 960x640 post , and the Safari Web Content Guide to suggest the use of device - pixel - ratio CSS3 media query to serve high - resolution images to devices with high - DPI screens :
Then , in the Retina - specific CSS , he loads in 32x32 icons as background images and specifies their dimensions in CSS pixels as 16x16 using the background - size CSS property .
Demo
I put together a quick demo using the same technique that you can test out .
It uses the lovely Smashing Royal Icon Set by Artua.com to embed 64x64 and 128x128 actual pixel size icons for display at 64x64 CSS pixel size .
Download the source ( .zip ; 74KB ) .
CSS media queries and background images are all well and good , but what about other visual assets such as images embedded on a web site via the img tag ?
Or videos ?
A call for native browser support for high - DPI image and video substitution
I 'd like to suggest that browsers adopt the same naming convention that Cocoa Touch uses to find and load high - DPI versions of image and video assets .
That is , if I embed an image using the following code …
… it should load in flower .jpg when the device - pixel - ratio is 1 but it should attempt to find an image called flower@2x.jpg at the same relative path if device - pixel - ratio is 2 ( and so on , for higher pixel - ratios ) , falling back to the original graphic if it can't find a high - resolution version .
( And the same convention could be used to load video assets . )
Update : Magne Andersson pointed out in the comments ( and I agree ) that sending two requests for every image asset would not be ideal .
However , it would be easy to work around this by introducing a new HTML meta tag that tells the browser whether or not high - resolution images are available .
The browser then only tries to load high - resolution images if the meta tag is present and if it detects that it is running on a high - DPI screen .
How to optimize for high - DPI screens today
Since browsers do not currently have this sort of automatic support for loading high - resolution versions of image and video assets , how can we detect that the site is being displayed on a high - DPI screen and load in high - resolution assets ?
The obvious way is to use a combination of CSS media queries and JavaScript :
Use the device - pixel - ratio CSS query to load in a high - DPI CSS file , Set some CSS property to a unique value ( to use as a flag ) , Check that value in JavaScript and substitute high - resolution image / video assets accordingly .
Do n't forget about SVG
SVG has been the unloved step - child of the web ever since I can remember .
However , it has really begun interest me now that we 're moving to creating resolution - independent designs .
( That 's why I 'm so happy that I have the chance to catch Doug Schepers 's talk on SVG at tonight 's SkillSwap after missing it during WebDirections @media . )
If you , too , have been ignoring it , now might be a good time to take another look .
Why native iPhone app developers should care
Most native iPhone applications are – to some degree – hybrid apps and use the UIWebView WebKit control to embed HTML , CSS , and JavaScript content .
Some native apps – such as those wrapped by PhoneGap , are almost entirely created with web technologies .
Regardless of where on this spectrum your app falls , you will probably find yourself having to support high - DPI images in web content .
Not only that , but UIWebView renders SVG so you could consider using it to keep parts of your interface as vectors without having to write custom drawing code .
The iPhone 4 's Retina display really does change everything .
The sooner you start thinking about ( and practicing ) resolution - independent design , the sooner you can start to take advantage of this beautiful new screen and the other high - DPI screens that will , no doubt , be following its lead .
Erin Schell
The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless .
When I was 17 years old , I had the honor of being the youngest person in the history of New York Hospital to undergo surgery for a herniated disc .
This was at a time in which operations like this kept people in the hospital for over a week .
The day after my surgery , I awoke to find a friend of mine sitting in a chair across from my bed .
I do n’t remember much about his visit .
I am sure I was too sedated to say much .
But I will not forget that he visited me on that day , and sat there for I know not how long , while my humanity was in the care of a morphine drip .
We benefit from our close friendships , but they are not a matter of calculable gain and loss .
While we draw pleasure from them , they are not a matter solely of consuming pleasure .
The official discourses of our relations with one another do not have much to say about the afternoon my friend spent with me .
Our age , what we might call the age of economics , is in thrall to two types of relationships which reflect the lives we are encouraged to lead .
There are consumer relationships , those that we participate in for the pleasure they bring us .
And there are entrepreneurial relationships , those that we invest in hoping they will bring us some return .
In a time in which the discourse of economics seeks to hold us in its grip , this should come as no surprise .
The encouragement toward relationships of consumption is nowhere more prominently on display than in reality television .
Jon and Kate , the cast of “ Real World , ” the Kardashians , and their kin across the spectrum conduct their lives for our entertainment .
It is available to us in turn to respond in a minor key by displaying our own relationships on YouTube .
Or , barring that , we can collect friends like shoes or baseball cards on Facebook .
Entrepreneurial relationships have , in some sense , always been with us .
Using people for one ’s ends is not a novel practice .
It has gained momentum , however , as the reduction of governmental support has diminished social solidarity and the rise of finance capitalism has stressed investment over production .
The economic fruits of the latter have lately been with us , but the interpersonal ones , while more persistent , remain veiled .
Where nothing is produced except personal gain , relationships come loose from their social moorings .
Aristotle thought that there were three types of friendship : those of pleasure , those of usefulness , and true friendship .
In friendships of pleasure , “ it is not for their character that men love ready - witted people , but because they find them pleasant . ”
In the latter , “ those who love each other for their utility do not love each other for themselves but in virtue of some good which they get from each other . ”
For him , the first is characteristic of the young , who are focused on momentary enjoyment , while the second is often the province of the old , who need assistance to cope with their frailty .
What the rise of recent public rhetoric and practice has accomplished is to cast the first two in economic terms while forgetting about the third .
In our lives , however , few of us have entirely forgotten about the third — true friendship .
We may not define it as Aristotle did — friendship among the already virtuous — but we live it in our own way nonetheless .
Our close friendships stand as a challenge to the tenor of our times .
Conversely , our times challenge those friendships .
This is why we must reflect on friendship ; so that it does n’t slip away from us under the pressure of a dominant economic discourse .
We are all , and always , creatures of our time .
In the case of friendship , we must push back against that time if we are to sustain what , for many of us , are among the most important elements of our lives .
It is those elements that allow us to sit by the bedside of a friend : not because we know it is worth it , but because the question of worth does not even arise .
Friendships follow a rhythm that is distinct from that of either consumer or entrepreneurial relationships .
This is at once their deepest and most fragile characteristic .
There is much that might be said about friendships .
They allow us to see ourselves from the perspective of another .
They open up new interests or deepen current ones .
They offer us support during difficult periods in our lives .
The aspect of friendship that I would like to focus on is its non-economic character .
Although we benefit from our close friendships , these friendships are not a matter of calculable gain and loss .
While we draw pleasure from them , they are not a matter solely of consuming pleasure .
And while the time we spend with our friends and the favors we do for them are often reciprocated in an informal way , we do not spend that time or offer those favors in view of the reciprocation that might ensue .
Friendships follow a rhythm that is distinct from that of either consumer or entrepreneurial relationships .
This is at once their deepest and most fragile characteristic .
Consumer pleasures are transient .
They engulf us for a short period and then they fade , like a drug .
That is why they often need to be renewed periodically .
Entrepreneurship , when successful , leads to the victory of personal gain .
We cultivate a colleague in the field or a contact outside of it in the hope that it will advance our career or enhance our status .
When it does , we feel a sense of personal success .
In both cases , there is the enjoyment of what comes to us through the medium of other human beings .
Friendships worthy of the name are different .
Their rhythm lies not in what they bring to us , but rather in what we immerse ourselves in .
To be a friend is to step into the stream of another ’s life .
It is , while not neglecting my own life , to take pleasure in another ’s pleasure , and to share their pain as partly my own .
The borders of my life , while not entirely erased , become less clear than they might be .
Rather than the rhythm of pleasure followed by emptiness , or that of investment and then profit , friendships follow a rhythm that is at once subtler and more persistent .
This rhythm is subtler because it often ( although not always ) lacks the mark of a consumed pleasure or a successful investment .
But even so , it remains there , part of the ground of our lives that lies both within us and without .
To be this ground , friendships have a relation to time that is foreign to an economic orientation .
Consumer relationships are focused on the momentary present .
It is what brings immediate pleasure that matters .
Entrepreneurial relationships have more to do with the future .
How I act toward others is determined by what they might do for me down the road .
Friendships , although lived in the present and assumed to continue into the future , also have a deeper tie to the past than either of these .
Past time is sedimented in a friendship .
It accretes over the hours and days friends spend together , forming the foundation upon which the character of a relationship is built .
This sedimentation need not be a happy one .
Shared experience , not just common amusement or advancement , is the ground of friendship .
Of course , to have friendships like this , one must be prepared to take up the past as a ground for friendship .
This ground does not come to us , ready - made .
We must make it our own .
And this , perhaps , is the contemporary lesson we can draw from Aristotle ’s view that true friendship requires virtuous partners , that “ perfect friendship is the friendship of men who are good . ”
If we are to have friends , then we must be willing to approach some among our relationships as offering an invitation to build something outside the scope of our own desires .
We must be willing to forgo pleasure or usefulness for something that emerges not within but between one of us and another .
We might say of friendships that they are a matter not of diversion or of return but of meaning .
They render us vulnerable , and in doing so they add dimensions of significance to our lives that can only arise from being , in each case , friends with this or that particular individual , a party to this or that particular life .
It is precisely this non-economic character that is threatened in a society in which each of us is thrown upon his or her resources and offered only the bywords of ownership , shopping , competition , and growth .
It is threatened when we are encouraged to look upon those around us as the stuff of our current enjoyment or our future advantage .
It is threatened when we are led to believe that friendships without a recognizable gain are , in the economic sense , irrational .
Friendships are not without why , perhaps , but they are certainly without that particular why .
In turn , however , it is friendship that allows us to see that there is more than what the prevalent neoliberal discourse places before us as our possibilities .
In a world often ruled by the dollar and what it can buy , friendship , like love , opens other vistas .
The critic John Berger once said of one of his friendships , “ We were not somewhere between success and failure ; we were elsewhere . ”
To be able to sit by the bed of another , watching him sleep , waiting for nothing else , is to understand where else we might be .
Todd May is a professor of philosophy at Clemson University .
He is the author 10 books , including “ The Philosophy of Foucault ” and “ Death , ” and is at work on a book about friendship in the contemporary period .
If you are looking for a place to go to in North Korea , visiting Hyesan will surely be an adventure of a lifetime .
Hyesan is a city in the Ryanggang province of North Korea .
Located in the Baekdu Mountains , it is in the border of China and North Korea .
Hyesan lies in the uppermost stream of the Yalu River .
During the Yi dynasty , it is known as a fortress .
It is one of the coldest places in Korea during the winter and has recorded its coldest temperature at - 44° F in 1915 .
Hyesan is a significant city in Korea in terms of river transportation because of its proximity to the Yalu River and product distribution .
When visiting Hyesan , it is important to visit the following locations :
1. Yalu River .
It is also known as Amnok - gang in Korean .
The Yalu River is known as one of the largest hydroelectric dams in Asia .
It has grazed two battles : one in 1894 during the Sino - Japanese War and the other in 1904 , during the Russo - Japanese War .
2. Baekdu Mountains ( also Changbai Mountains . )
It is the mountain range that lies in the border of China and North Korea .
It is considered as one of the spirited mountains by the Koreans and is widely believed to be the place of their ancestral origin .
In Mount Baekdu , you will find Heavenly Lake which is formed in the crater of the mountain .
It serves as the water source for the Yalu River .
There are also several waterfalls in the mountain range including the Hyongje Falls .
If you plan to travel to Hyesan , the best time of the year will be in September .
This is because July and August has rains and October has snow .
However , if you intend to view snow and go skiing , the best time to go is from November to March .
Visiting Hyesan is a great experience .
Besides the beautiful destinations , the place is rich in history and attractions that can capture your attention .
[ flv:https://queerty-prodweb.s3.amazonaws.com/wp/docs-null/2010/06/tarafin1.mp4
https://queerty-prodweb.s3.amazonaws.com/wp/docs-null/2010/06/tarafinbug.jpg 650 400 ]
From park cruising to puppy love to … politics ?
No , tell us it ’s not the United States of Tara season finale !
And here we are , at the end , with the world crumbling down around Tara ( but , mostly , her sister , who is getting married that day ) — why not have a debate about gay marriage ?
If you ’re unfamiliar , in the second part of this clip it ’s Marshall and his bf Lionel facing off against his sister Kate and her bf Zach , the Ron Paul supporter .
“ I just think that Obama led the gay and lesbian community astray , that ’s all , ” says Lionel , the know - it - all young activist who does n’t want to support anyone ’s marriage if the gays ca n’t do it .
It was an appropriate comment for his character to make , but it felt a little forced — though it was a necessary plot device to get Lionel to leave ( later on , Zach also exits before the wedding ceremony ) so the siblings can join their father and multiple personalitied mother in some backyard dancing .
And there we leave our favorite gay television teen until next season where , just maybe , we ’ll get into the touchy territory of gay teens having sex .
While the alleged Russian spies arrested by the FBI earlier this week employed some technologically advanced spying techniques , much of their tradecraft had a distinctively old school feel to it .
However , that ’s the norm in the world of international spying , experts say , where any successful trick will stay in use until it stops working .
In particular , five technologies that date back decades remain common in the world of cloak and dagger .
Used by CIA , the suspected Russian infiltrators and every spook in between , these technologies have stood the tests of time and counterintelligence .
“ Newer is not always better , ” said Mark Stout , the historian for the International Spy Museum and a 13 - year intelligence veteran at both the State Department and the CIA .
“ High tech may be better than low tech in some situations , but in others it may be grossly inappropriate . ”
IN PICTURES : Top notorious spies
1. Invisible Ink
In its criminal complaint against the suspected Russian sleeper agents , the FBI alleges that the spies used invisible ink to conceal secret communications from prying eyes .
While this sounds like a children ’s trick , it has been a standard instrument in the spying toolkit for almost 90 years .
“ The oldest information that the US government still considers classified dates from the World War I era .
It 's a recipe for invisible ink , and the reason it 's still classified is because someone still uses it , ” Stout told Tech News Daily .
2. Shortwave Radio
Also utilized by the Russian spying suspects , shortwave radio is similar to ham radio , and thus can transmit data as well as speech .
Like invisible ink , shortwave radio use by spies predates the Cold War .
“ What you find is that general concepts of types of communications devices from the 50s , 60s , and 70s are still used , ” Stout said .
“ But they 've undergone the same transformation everything has since then .
Where there used to be tubes , now there 's chips . ”
3. Burst Transmissions
Burst transmissions are a subset of radio transmissions , where the entire message is sped up to the point where listeners can no longer recognize it as human speech .
Additionally , at the faster speed , those transmitting the message get off the air so fast that anyone listening to them ca n’t fix their position .
While the alleged Russian spies arrested by the FBI earlier this week employed some technologically advanced spying techniques , much of their tradecraft had a distinctively old school feel to it .
However , that ’s the norm in the world of international spying , experts say , where any successful trick will stay in use until it stops working .
In particular , five technologies that date back decades remain common in the world of cloak and dagger .
Used by CIA , the suspected Russian infiltrators and every spook in between , these technologies have stood the tests of time and counterintelligence .
Once the intended target receives the message , they can slow it down and listen to it at normal speed .
“ This is a great technique , because it gives you the advantages of radio , but you 're not on long enough for location finding , ” Stout said .
“ Rudimentary versions of that were used as early as World War I by the Germans . ”
4. Number Stations
This technique originated during World War II , and involves the broadcast of seemingly meaningless number sequences over conventional radio .
During World War II , the BBC would broadcast these numbers to French Resistance fighters to signal a coming invasion , or specific sabotage orders .
In 2006 , Carlos and Elsa Alvarez were arrested for spying on the U.S. for Cuba .
They received their orders via number station , Stout said .
5. Transposition Ciphers
Dating back to World War II , transposition ciphers are codes that systematically scramble the order of letters in a message .
For instance , “ hello there ” transposed might look like “ eereltlhho ” .
These codes , and the technology needed to break them , has remained classified since World War Two , Stout said .
IN PICTURES : Top notorious spies
What do we love about Japan ?
Its style ?
Its technology ?
Its baseball - playing chimpanzees ?
All of the above , plus at least one more : its AV idols .
No , " AV " does n't stand for " audio - visual " , the class you took instead of gym in 9th grade , it stands for " Adult Video " ( the class your girl took with us behind the gym in 9th grade ) a.k.a. porn , and in the land of the rising sun , porn is both cuter and way , way more depraved than anything coming out of the San Fernando Valley .
Chicks dressed in schoolgirl outfits , older women down to get down ( the " ripe " genre , which sounds much cooler than the American " cougar " ) , girls open to trying any fetish , and girls with bodies that will make you dismiss any stereotype of the Japanese female figure that you might have : AV has it all .
And we have it all with our exhaustively researched guide to the 50 Hottest Japanese AV Idols .
Sure to spark debate among aficionados ; sure to — ahem — open the eyes of the uninitiated , the list is also sure to please and tease .
But do n't take our word for it , check it out for yourself .
RELATED : Funniest Sex Scenes in Movies
RELATED : 30 Sexiest GIFs of Megan Fox
RELATED : 25 Most Ludicrous Softcore Sex Movies Streaming on Netflix
" Perl 5 to 6 " Lesson 28 - Currying
use v6 ; my &f := &substr.assuming (' Hello , World ' ) ; say f( 0 , 2 ) ; # He say f( 3 , 2 ) ; # lo say f( 7 ) ; # World say < a b c>.map : * x 2 ; # aabbcc say < a b c>.map : *.uc ; # ABC for ^ 10 { print < R G B >.[ $ _ % *] ; # RGBRGBRGBR }
Currying or partial application is the process of generating a function from another function or method by providing only some of the arguments .
This is useful for saving typing , and when you want to pass a callback to another function .
Suppose you want a function that lets you extract substrings from " Hello , World " easily .
The classical way of doing that is writing your own function :
sub f(*@a ) { substr ( ' Hello , World ' , |@a ) }
Perl 6 provides a method assuming on code objects , which applies the arguments passed to it to the invocant , and returns the partially applied function .
my &f := &substr.assuming (' Hello , World ' ) ;
Now f( 1 , 2 ) is the same as substr ( ' Hello , World ' , 1 , 2 ) .
assuming also works on operators , because operators are just subroutines with weird names .
To get a subroutine that adds 2 to whatever number gets passed to it , you could write
my &add_two := &infix :<+>.assuming ( 2 ) ;
But that 's tedious to write , so there 's another option .
my &add_two := * + 2 ; say add_two( 4 ) ; # 6
The asterisk , called Whatever , is a placeholder for an argument , so the whole expression returns a closure .
Multiple Whatevers are allowed in a single expression , and create a closure that expects more arguments , by replacing each term * by a formal parameter .
So * * 5 + * is equivalent to -> $ a , $b { $ a * 5 + $ b } .
my $c = * * 5 + *; say $ c( 10 , 2 ) ; # 52
Note that the second * is an infix operator , not a term , so it is not subject to Whatever - currying .
The process of lifting an expression with Whatever stars into a closure is driven by syntax , and done at compile time .
This means that
my $ star = * ; my $ code = $ star + 2
does not construct a closure , but instead dies with a message like
Ca n't take numeric value for object of type Whatever
Whatever currying is more versatile than .assuming , because it allows to curry something else than the first argument very easily :
say ~ ( 1 , 3 ) .map : ' hi' x * # hi hihihi
This curries the second argument of the string repetition operator infix x , so it returns a closure that , when called with a numeric argument , produces the string hi as often as that argument specifies .
The invocant of a method call can also be Whatever star , so
say < a b c>.map : *.uc ; # ABC
involves a closure that calls the uc method on its argument .
Perl 5 could be used for functional programming , which has been demonstrated in Mark Jason Dominus ' book Higher Order Perl .
Perl 6 strives to make it even easier , and thus provides tools to make typical constructs in functional programming easily available .
Currying and easy construction of closures is a key to functional programming , and makes it very easy to write transformation for your data , for example together with map or grep .
http://design.perl6.org/S02.html#Built-In_Data_Types
http://hop.perl.plover.com/
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Currying
After clearing the Senate Judiciary Committee today , Elena Kagan must now win the support of the full Senate .
Assuming that the Senate confirms Ms. Kagan to be the next justice for the Supreme Court , she must swear to “ support and defend the Constitution of the United States . ”
But does she understand the document she ’s supposed to uphold ?
Alarmingly , Kagan ’s testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee shows that she rejects the Founders ’ view of the Constitution as a charter of liberty whose purpose is to protect individual rights .
Instead , she adheres to the modern view that it ’s a mechanism for establishing unlimited majority rule over the individual .
As a matter of historical fact , the Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution for a certain purpose .
They wanted a government that would respect and protect the individual ’s rights to life , liberty , property , and the pursuit of happiness .
Aside from certain contradictions ( the worst of which , toleration of slavery , required a bloody civil war to expunge ) , the Constitution is dedicated to protecting the individual from society by means of a limited government .
The Supreme Court cannot objectively interpret the document ’s language apart from this essential purpose .
Regrettably , however , too many of today ’s judges reject this approach to constitutional interpretation .
The Holmes model : sneering at natural rights
Instead , they follow the path marked out by Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes , Jr. , who sat on the Supreme Court from 1902 to 1932 .
“ All my life I have sneered at the natural rights of man , ” Holmes wrote , reflecting his view that the individual rights venerated by the Founders have no objective validity and therefore no role in discerning the Constitution ’s meaning .
Judges may harbor personal opinions on man ’s rights , Holmes conceded , but such notions have “ nothing to do with the right of a majority to embody their opinions in law . ”
Holmes ’s view directly contradicts that of James Madison , the Father of the Constitution , who reviled unlimited democracy as “ incompatible with personal security or the rights of property . ”
Kagan , during her recent hearings , declared her allegiance to the Holmesian orthodoxy .
Under questioning from Sen. Tom Coburn ( R ) of Oklahoma , Kagan said a judge ’s understanding of inalienable rights is “ outside the Constitution and the laws , ” and therefore “ you should not want me to act in any way on the basis of such a belief . ”
In a written follow - up , Kagan named Holmes as the last century ’s most influential Supreme Court justice , stating : “ His opinions ... set forth the basic rationale for judicial deference to legislative policy decisions . ”
Having discarded the Constitution ’s actual purpose as irrelevant to judging , Kagan is left with Holmes ’s concept of the Constitution as a mechanism for implementing unlimited majority rule .
How might a different judge proceed – one who regards it as her duty to interpret each clause in relation to the individual rights to life , liberty , property , and the pursuit of happiness ?
Different ideas about the Commerce Clause
Suppose she were asked to interpret the oft - disputed provision that grants Congress authority to “ regulate Commerce ... among the several States . ”
Such a judge would recognize that the Commerce Clause empowered Congress to protect the rights of traders , by preventing states from imposing tariffs and other restrictions on the free movement of goods across state lines .
Such a judge , applying the Commerce Clause to current cases , would ask whether any proposed government action itself violates an individual ’s rights .
And such a judge would stand ready to strike down laws that exceed the government ’s granted authority .
Kagan , by contrast , would see the Commerce Clause as authorizing nearly total control by the majority over the way every individual earns a living , spends money , and trades with others – his rights be damned .
She would have no trouble finding , for example , that the majority , through its elected representatives in Congress , is authorized to mandate the individual purchase of health insurance , as Obamacare attempts to do .
After all , insurance is part of commerce , is n’t it ?
Nor would she fail to find authority for the government to bully banks into joining bailout schemes , launch massive “ stimulus ” spending of taxpayer money , and cap carbon emissions .
If it ’s commerce , the majority can control it .
During her testimony , Kagan even lectured Sen .
Coburn on the majority ’s constitutional right to ( hypothetically ) require that each individual eat three vegetables a day – allowing herself only an inconsequential personal opinion that such a dictatorial law would be “ dumb . ”
This is the judicial philosophy that has enabled government to expand at an accelerating pace for more than a century – without judicial impediment , and without any end in sight .
If the Senate confirms her nomination , Elena Kagan will surely recite the words of her oath accurately , but her testimony shows she has no intention of supporting and defending the true Constitution .
Thomas A. Bowden is an analyst at the Ayn Rand Center for Individual Rights .
Mr. Bowden is a former lawyer and law school instructor who practiced for 20 years in Baltimore , Md. The Ayn Rand Center is a division of the Ayn Rand Institute and promotes the philosophy of Ayn Rand , author of “ Atlas Shrugged ” and “ The Fountainhead . ”
--
Related :
The surprising start at Elena Kagan 's hearing : Thurgood Marshall
In a move that has even industry insiders reeling , a source deep within Toyota has outlined 2 new all electric models that are currently being developed in a joint Tesla - Toyota deal .
Surprisingly Tesla is said to have delivered the first two prototypes last Friday on July the 10th .
The popular RAV 4 SUV and premium SUV the Lexus RX underwent a full electric conversion , apparently the SUV’s were chosen due to their ability to carry the extra weight of the lithium - ion battery packs without suspension and chassis strengthening .
Toyota is said to be aiming to sell the RAV 4 version for around the $ 40,000 USD mark , the vehicle would have a 150 mile range ( 240 km ) and a sales date set for 2012 .
Tesla ( NASDAQ : TSLA ) are also said to be working on an all electric version of the popular Corolla model .
These are test vehicles and we can expect to see some changes before the actual production models hit the roads but the speed at which Tesla was able to electrify pre-existing internal combustion cars has made more than a few heads spin .
We ’ll keep you updated as more news comes in .
Mexican follows team - mate to Major League Soccer .
" Marquez has signed for a four - year contract with the New York Red Bulls and will join up with Thierry Henry , " they said .
" Marquez has gained his contract release from Barcelona and will get a salary of £ 2 million per season .
The official announcement of the deal will be next week . "
By Mahmoud Maher and Matt Monaghan Barcelona defender Rafael Marquez is to join Thierry Henry at New York Red Bulls on a four - year contract , can exclusively reveal .
The 31 - year old defender had eyed a move to Major League Soccer before playing at World Cup 2010 with Mexico .
After starring for his nation in South Africa , he has now negotiated a release from his contract with the La Liga champions - which was set to run until 2012 - and has put pen to paper on a lucrative deal in the ' Big Apple ' .
Speaking exclusively to , a well placed source confirmed the deal will be officially announced next week .
The move brings to an end a glory - filled seven year stay in Catalunya , where Marquez won every club trophy available .
Despite this success , a series of injuries had limited his influence in Pep Guardiola 's set - up and he was restricted to just seven top flight starts .
Marquez 's arrival will place question marks about the future of Colombian striker Juan Pablo Angel at the Red Bulls .
MLS rules state a squad can contain three ' designated players ' on high wages , with the ex-Monaco man 's arrival sure to smash the salary cap .
For more on Major League Soccer , visit Goal.com 's MLS page and join Goal.com USA 's Facebook fan page
Our beloved city Toronto is in the midst of one of the bleakest days in its illustrious history .
On this rainy June day , the leaders of the famed G20 Summit are meeting to discuss issues of supposed importance .
However , many have tapped this as nothing more than a over zealous attempt by our government to put Toronto in the global spotlight .
Protesters are ravaging through the downtown core , most notably the financial district , wreaking havoc and destruction in their path .
With a price tag of around 1.1 billion dollars , this overpriced Canadian marketing ploy has achieved none of the positive goals Harper has hoped for .
Next time instead of wasting a billion dollars on a fake lake let ’s put the money towards helping the Leafs win a cup .
Check it .
Those who came to Fenway Park wanting to see something they may never see again got their wish Friday night .
Bengie Molina hit for the cycle .
Yes , that Bengie Molina .
The Texas Rangers catcher known as the slowest man in the major leagues -- a title that 's always irked him , particularly when lampooned by ESPN -- completed his unlikely feat with an eighth - inning triple at Fenway Park .
His line drive to straightaway center field kicked away from Red Sox center fielder Eric Patterson and richocheted into right field .
As he chugged for second and headed to third , the tension was palpable .
" Get there , big fella ... Pigs have flown in Boston , Massachusetts ! " screamed Rangers play - by - play man Josh Lewin .
Earlier , Molina hit a grand slam off Boston reliever Fernando Cabrera , along with the requisite single and double .
His total for the night : 4 - for - 4 , 4 RBI , one cycle .
Apparently the Rangers thought they 'd quit while they were ahead .
With Molina on third , he was replaced by pinch - runner Joaquin Arias .
Too bad .
Maybe B - Mo would 've stolen home , too .
By Gabe Lacques
DETROIT --
After signing their own unrestricted free agents and allocating money for their unsigned restricted free agents , the Detroit Red Wings do n't have much to spend on the open market -- or any glaring needs .
But general manager Ken Holland will do some bargain shopping when NHL free agency begins at noon Thursday .
He will look for a low - priced third - pair defenseman and a gritty fourth - line forward .
There is no urgency to sign anyone .
In recent years , Holland has waited until later in the summer to pluck players from the " leftover pile , " and he might do likewise this year .
" With the type of money we have , I do n't see us being a player on July 1 , 2 or 3 , " Holland said .
" Our team is a little more set this year than last year .
" We have two or three wants we 'd like to fill , not really needs .
I 'll make some calls .
We wo n't be in on the high - end guys .
We 'll look at secondary guys , role players , whether they 're on ( defense ) or up front . "
The Red Wings have 18 players signed for $ 54.2 million , leaving them $ 5.2 million under the salary cap of $ 59.4 million .
A large chunk of that , perhaps between $ 3.2 million and $ 3.5 million , will go toward signing restricted free agents Darren Helm , Justin Abdelkader , Patrick Eaves , Drew Miller and Derek Meech , who remains a candidate to be traded .
Holland will keep a cushion of at least $ 500,000 under the cap to recall a player from the Grand Rapids Griffins in case there are a few short - term injuries .
This is particularly important if a goaltender has a minor injury or illness .
That does n't leave much to spend on the free - agent market , perhaps $ 1 million to $ 1.5 million .
Getting a No. 6 or 7 defenseman would appear to be a higher priority than signing a forward .
They have two strong pairings -- Nicklas Lidstrom - Brian Rafalski and Brad Stuart - Niklas Kronwall -- and would like a safe veteran to play alongside young Jonathan Ericsson .
Rookie Jakub Kindl is assured of a roster spot because he is out of minor - league options , but the team is n't going to hand him a spot in the lineup unless he earns it .
" If there 's a defenseman between now and September available at a price that fits in , we 'll look at doing something , " Holland said .
" If we do n't do anything on defense , we 're OK , though not as deep as we 'd like to be . "
The team has the option to keep Meech , if he is re-signed .
Holland also said veteran Doug Janik and 21 - year - old rookie Brendan Smith will compete for a spot on defense .
" Ideally , you 'd like the player ( Smith ) to play a little bit ( in the minors ) , but he 's not a 19 - year - old junior , " Holland said .
" We want to see where he 's at . "
Holland did n't rule out the possibility of re-signing Andreas Lilja later in the summer if he 's still available .
But Lilja 's agent , Todd Diamond , said
.
Available defensemen include former Red Wing Aaron Ward ( Anaheim ) , Shane Hnidy ( Minnesota ) , Sean O'Donnell ( Los Angeles ) , Carlo Colaiacovo ( St. Louis ) , Jason Strudwick ( Edmonton ) and Ruslan Salei ( Colorado ) .
After re-signing their restricted free agents -- Holland said " it 's got to be at a number that fits " -- the Red Wings would have 14 forwards , none of whom will be exempt from waivers .
Holland also is interested in re-signing veteran Kirk Maltby , probably to a two - way contract .
Maltby might seek a better deal through free agency .
" Talked to his agent last week , " Holland said .
" We talked about the possibility of ( Maltby ) coming to camp and the type of money we had set aside for support forwards and defensemen .
We 'll continue to talk . "
Holland said he has no desire to trade anybody , but if there 's a free agent they like who 's available later this summer and they need cap space , " we 'll look at options . "
Gritty forwards who might interest the Red Wings include Philadelphia 's Arron Asham , St. Louis ' Brad Winchester , Chicago 's Adam Burish and Minnesota 's Owen Nolan .
Players such as Colby Armstrong of Atlanta , Raffi Torres of Buffalo and Eric Nystrom of Calgary likely are out of the Red Wings ' price range .
If the Red Wings add an enforcer , it might be someone on a two - way contract for the league minimum ( $ 500,000 ) , such as Aaron Downey in 2007 - 08 and ' 08-09 and Brad May last season .
The list of available tough guys includes Derek Boogaard ( Minnesota ) , Zenon Konopka ( Tampa Bay ) , Raitis Ivanans ( Los Angeles ) and Jody Shelley ( New York Rangers ) .
It 's doubtful any of those players would accept a two - way contract , however .
Holland also would like to sign a veteran goaltender for depth in Grand Rapids , someone to push youngsters Thomas McCollum and Jordan Pearce .
It would be somebody on a two - way contract .
" It 's got to be a goalie that knows he 's going to Grand Rapids , " Holland said .
" It ca n't be a guy who thinks he should be in the NHL or be the No. 1 goalie in Grand Rapids . "
Manny Legace and Joey MacDonald , a pair of former Red Wings , are available .
The Red Wings will explore many possibilities .
But it could be a quiet summer .
" We 've got things in place , " Holland said .
" If we do nothing between now and September , we like our team . "
The ' unravelling relationship ' between Russia and Iran By Pavel Felgenhauer
Defence analyst Published duration 24 July 2010
image caption Russia has supplied uranium to Iran in the past
Russia and Iran seemed to be good friends , but in recent weeks the relationship has unravelled .
Since 1991 , Russia has been a major supplier of modern arms to Iran .
The Russian - built nuclear power plant in the southern Iranian city of Bushehr is due to finally come on line this year .
In advance , Russia has shipped more than 100 tonnes of low - enriched uranium reactor fuel rods to Bushehr .
Moscow has earned billions , helping Iran bypass US and European Union ( EU ) sanctions .
Air defence
And yet , last month , Moscow supported UN sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme .
Last week , President Dmitry Medvedev even publicly questioned the Iranian programme which is moving into a position that may allow Tehran to acquire nuclear weapons .
Previously , Russian officials maintained that there was no proof that Iran was developing nuclear weapons .
In December 2005 , Russia agreed to sell Iran long - range S-300 anti-aircraft missiles - 40 to 60 launchers with four missile tubes each , radars , and control stations , worth some $ 1bn ( £ 650 m ) .
Together with the shorter - range Tor M1 and the older super - long - range S - 200 already provided by Russia , Iran could build a solid anti-aircraft shield able to defend its nuclear facilities against a possible US or Israeli assault , and inflict serious damage to the attacking force .
Without the S - 300 , the Iranians do not have a balanced air defence .
Moscow has been withholding the delivery of the S - 300 to Iran since 2008 , while officials maintained the delays were " technical " .
Last month , after some hesitation , Moscow announced that the S - 300 deal is forbidden by the new UN sanctions .
Iranian officials reacted angrily .
Defence Minister Ahmad Vahidi demanded that Russia must pay for the damage it has caused by failing to deliver the S -300 .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has publicly berated Mr Medvedev for buckling under what he said was US pressure for fresh sanctions .
' Not serious threat '
Moscow 's policies towards the Middle East are clearly very different from its Cold War stance , when it steadfastly supported Muslim nations against the US and its closest ally , Israel .
Today Russia is seriously distressed by the spread of Western influence and the expansion of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation ( Nato ) into what it considers its legitimate sphere of " privileged interests " : Ukraine , Georgia and other former Soviet republics .
The Middle East today is too far from Moscow 's true sphere of interest or capability .
If Washington under Barack Obama seems to be less intrusive in the post - Soviet space , if Israel obediently agrees to stop the supply of modern weapons to Georgia - like it did in 2008 - Russia is ready to be forthcoming on Iran .
The threat of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons is also a factor , but hardly the main one .
image caption Mr Medvedev has publicly questioned Iran 's intentions over its nuclear programme
The Russian military do not consider a handful of primitive North Korean or Iranian nuclear weapons a serious threat .
Of course , Moscow has genuine business and security interests in the larger Middle East : supplying arms and nuclear technologies to Arab nations and to Iran .
At the same time , Russia has an increasingly important military and security relationship with Israel .
With Israel , Russia has been jointly producing billions of dollars worth of weapons for India .
The Russian military have acquired a substantial batch of different types of Israeli - made spy drones or unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) , the first official procurement of a major weapon system from a Western nation since 1945 .
Moscow is at present negotiating the joint production of UAVs with Israel in Russia .
No clear strategy
In the absence of a clear , overriding strategic interest in the Middle East , Russia 's policies are highly opportunistic and can be easily changed by lobbying or intrigue .
There is no evidence that Mr Medvedev and the all - powerful Prime Minister Vladimir Putin seriously differ on Iran .
But Tehran 's anti-American policies , as well as its purchase of Russian military and nuclear technologies , helped to build a powerful lobby in Moscow .
The cancelling of the S - 300 sale when the due process of vetting by all required government agencies was complete , and the hardware ready for shipping , has financially hurt influential officials and caused anger .
But Tel Aviv also has a lobby in Moscow .
An additional factor that may further influence the decision - making in Moscow is Saudi Arabia 's offer to buy more than $ 2bn worth of Russian weapons ( helicopters , armour , anti-aircraft missiles ) on condition that Russia does not sell Iran S - 300 missiles , and stops supporting it in the UN .
Working in apparent cohesion , Israelis , Arabs , Russians and Americans have somewhat changed the traditional outlay of Middle Eastern great power rivalry .
But the Iranian nuclear problem seems to be as far from resolution as ever .
Pavel Felgenhauer is a Moscow - based defence analyst and columnist for the Novaya Gazeta newspaper .
Jack and the Beanstalk , Hansel and Gretel , Little Red Riding Hood … most people hear or read these fairy tales and more when we are children .
Often , they teach us life lessons , such as size does not always matter , do n’t get lost and do n’t believe everything you see .
Next week , you can read a new adventure with these characters and many more in the graphic novel Legends : The Enchanted , from Radical Publishing .
Legends :
The Enchanted takes these wonderful characters from fantasy and puts them into a futuristic world , with a splash of steampunk added that gives the art and setting a very unique look .
Jack , Red Hood and the others are The Enchanted , basically a race of beings that have special abilities , most notably the power to heal .
They are considered to be impossible to kill .
These characters are the heroes of the story , and in this world they use their abilities to help others ( well mostly , however some of them are heroes for hire , charging for their services ) .
In any fairy tale , there are evil characters trying to defeat or kill the heroes , and this story is no different .
The main villains are The Hag , her son The Troll , and the Hag ’s sister .
The Hag has been casting a long and powerful dark spell that will remove the charm from The Enchanted that heals them , making them vulnerable .
Early in the story , Pinocchio dies , and unfortunately , more beloved characters die before the story ends .
As you would expect , good does triumph over evil , but not without a price .
I believe this story has three lessons .
Everyone is vulnerable ; perhaps not all the time , but it can and will happen .
All things change over time ; whether it is for good or bad , change is a natural part of life .
No one can go through their entire lives alone ; there are times when you need to work with and rely on others to succeed and survive .
This is an excellent graphic novel .
The story and art , by Nick Percival , blend and tell the story together very well .
There is some blood and violence shown , but I do n’t think there was too much .
As a character from the story would say , it was just right .
I was afraid I would be put off by the art as I am not a particular fan of steampunk , but I thought it fit this work perfectly .
Percival showed his vast talents with this work .
At the end of the story , some behind - the - scenes artwork is included .
There are early concept images of the main characters , and we see the evolution of the look of the characters and their world .
Also included is a sentence or two about each character .
This section is a great addition to the book .
I do want to warn potential readers and parents that there is some questionable language .
This is not a book for young children , because of the language and violence .
Older teens and adults who enjoy tales that are re-imagined will want to give this graphic novel a look when it is released July 14 .
Robert Horvitz 's Nobel Prize came largely for his work in turning a small , transparent worm that lives in the dirt into an experimental system that has won several others Nobel Prizes since .
But his pioneering use of C. elegans came about because he was interested in a problem that was simply easier to address in the animal : how and when cells in an organism choose to die through a process called apoptosis .
It was his research in this field that was the focus of his talk at the Lindau Nobel Laureates Meeting .
You might not be aware of it , but many of an animal 's cells kill themselves for the greater good of the organism they 're part of .
In adults , cells with a viral infection or extensive DNA damage ( or immune cells that react to the body itself ) are induced to commit an organized suicide , slicing up their DNA into short fragments and packaging up their membranes and proteins for easy digestion by their neighbors .
The process also takes place during development : we all have webbing between our digits in utero that 's gone by birth , and millions of apparently healthy neurons die off to form the adult brain .
This orderly form of death is termed apoptosis , and C. elegans turned out to be the ideal organism to study it .
Since the worm is transparent , any cells undergoing apoptosis were easy to spot .
Horvitz 's co-laureate , John Sulston , had mapped every cell division in the organism , in the process demonstrating that a number of very specific cells underwent apoptosis .
Horvitz 's lab went to work searching for mutations that kept these cells alive , and found that they grouped into four distinct classes that he said defined the apoptotic process :
Identify the victim
Kill
Get rid of the corpse
Destroy the evidence
( Those last two parts of the process involve the disposal of the dead cell 's remains by its neighbors . )
Over time , many of the genes that Horvitz 's lab identified were identified in humans , showing that the apoptotic process is pretty ancient , in evolutionary terms , and establishing the validity of studying it in nonhuman systems .
That goes a long way towards explaining why his prize came in Physiology or Medicine .
Horvitz has kept his research group focused on apoptosis , and talked a bit about some of their more recent results .
One of the key triggers in apoptosis is the activation of an enzyme from the ICE family of proteases , which chop other proteins into smaller fragments .
C. elegans has several of these genes , and Horvitz 's lab has generated worms that lack them all .
This keeps many of the apoptotic cells alive , but not all of them — this suggests that there 's another pathway for cell death out there that we 've not figured out yet .
But , when the apoptotic pathway is intact , cells seem to need to actively keep it shut off if they want to stay alive .
And Horvitz has found that all the specialized cells of the worm seem to handle it in a different way .
Skin cells and nerve cells ( to give two examples ) are quite different , and regulate their genes with distinct combinations of proteins .
In worms , most of these different cell - specific regulators converge on a single gene ; there are dozens of ways of setting the gene 's state , which then determines whether the cell lives or dies .
Horvitz wrapped up his talk by presenting his work as an argument for basic research .
The worm he studied was thought to be irrelevant to human health ; he tackled his problem with what he termed " formalistic " genetic studies that date back for decades .
But , somehow , the work ended up helping us understand processes that are very relevant to human health .
Standing outside the Eastern Ave. detention centre , Dave Vasey is trembling .
It is about 9 p.m. and he has just spent the past five hours sitting alone in a wire cage , on a metal bench , with few answers .
Most of the perimeter is boarded up with plywood .
A dozen police officers watch from behind a fence while more are bused in and out of the building .
“ There was very little information given to me while I was in the cell , ” at the temporary staging and detention area set up for the G20 summit , said Vasey , lighting a cigarette with shaky hands .
“ No one was talking to me . ”
Vasey was arrested Thursday afternoon while exploring the G20 perimeter with his friend , Cameron Fenton .
He said they were just “ walking around ” when they were stopped by police at York St. and Bremner Blvd .
“ The officer told me , ‘ I am going to have to place you under arrest if you do n’t show your identification , ’ and I replied ‘ I ’m not comfortable with that . ’ ”
Vasey said he had been provided with legal information prior to the G20 from the Toronto Community Mobilization Network , an umbrella group supporting thousands of protesters descending on the city .
“ But ( police ) told me there was this bylaw , ” he said .
“ I did n’t know what they were talking about . ”
Vasey was held under the Public Works Protection Act and charged with refusing to comply with a request of a peace officer .
His bail lawyer , Howard Morton , said that , as far as he knows , Vasey is the first to be arrested under the new regulation .
He is to appear in court July 28 .
An environmental activist who has been organizing against the tar sands for the past two years , this is n’t the first time Vasey , 31 , has had a run-in with the law .
He was the “ first one taken in ” by police last October when a rowdy group of environmentalists disrupted Question Period in the House of Commons .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Sgt. Doug Pflug , media liaison at the detention centre , said he had no knowledge of Vasey ’s situation .
Vasey ’s girlfriend , Taylor Flook , had been on the phone with lawyers all day .
“ I am someone who did say ‘ The police are here to protect you .
They ’re here to look out and make sure nothing happens to you , ’“ she said .
“ But after today I ’m very much changed in that opinion .
I ’m starting to believe some of the things I hear about police intimidation .
It makes me feel like we are living in a police state . ”
In this second part of my three part Crunchyroll review I ’m going to discuss some of the technology behind the site , the video player , user interface , and site design .
This is where Crunchyroll ’s shine beings to tarnish and the real difficulties of the using the service come through .
I really did sound like a champion for Crunchyroll in the last part because their content offerings and high definition option are extremely good .
The site itself … is less than good .
Read on .
If you have n’t please read Part one , where I review the premium content offerings Crunchyroll provides with a premium subscription .
Video Player
The only word I can think of to describe the player is “ usable ” .
It works when watching a video straight through from start to finish but once you try and do anything other than that the technology breaks down .
The three resolution options are displayed below the video but when you switch between resolutions the video will always start from the beginning .
This is a step backwards from most streaming players .
The one interesting feature of the Crunchyroll player is that it scales to the correct native resolution ( see the screenshots in Part one ) while YouTube and Hulu players will remain the same size no matter what resolution the video is in .
I enjoyed this feature but it makes less sense than the YouTube model because of the longer form content that dominates Crunchyroll most users will probably use the fullscreen option anyway .
The video player will also time out when left idle for thirty or so minutes making it impossible to pause in order to leave the computer or accomplish another task for a long period of time .
Watching content on a PC is an interactive , passive experience that assumes users will be multitasking .
The only way to resume the player after it has timed out is to refresh the page and manually return to where the video had frozen .
This is n’t a huge deal but rather a minor inconvenience that I ’m sure is not so hard of a fix , since it is an ability YouTube has had for years .
The other thing that bugs me about the player is the user has no knowledge of how much of the video has buffered .
There are placing in my home , coffee houses , airports ect , where the wifi is n’t strong enough to stream a 720P video .
But waiting for a few minutes for the video to buffer should allow the entire thing to play without problem .
Crunchyroll does n’t allow the user to see how much of the video has buffered .
On YouTube or Hulu this is accomplished by a gray bar creeping across the screen .
With Cruncyroll the user gets nothing .
User Interface
The Crunchyroll site design varies between barebones and overly complex .
It ’s a mess , although a usable mess and nowhere near as terrible as Funimation ’s streaming portal .
Crunchyroll wants to shove as much information at the viewer from the moment he hits the page and because of this the viewer is assaulted with a massive amount of content , starting with a full page ad flanking the page and top banner ad with , on this day , a video that constantly playing but muted until the user moves their cursor over the icon , moving down we get a flashing banner scrolling through new additions to the site , Shinji ’s deal of the day , something called “ pulse ” , site news , the top nine latest posts from the Forum in six different topics , Spring 2010 Simulcasts , All - New Anime , All - New Drama , what ’s coming in the next six days , Popular Anime Titles , Popular Drama Titles , Recent Naruto Episodes , Recent Bleach Episodes , and Popular titles .
Yeah .
It ’s overwhelming and unmanageable .
When I load the main page I move to the Simulcasts section and pick my show as fast as possible ignoring everything else .
The front page should enable the user to find what they want quickly , or pick up a piece of information Crunchyroll wants them to know .
Right now it just terrifies me and makes me want to abandon it as fast as possible .
The video page is more reasonable with all the features expected from a streaming video site ; comments , sharing options , and easy links to the next episodes for the series you are currently watching .
The new “ popular series ” entry replaces the Related Videos section which seemed to toss suggestions at the user randomly , sometimes in the middle of long running series for example while on the Bleach 275 page I was suggested Gintama 98 and Speed Racer 30 .
The newer option makes a lot more sense because Crunchyroll wants to serve Anime series , not individual episodes .
The user profile suffers some of the same over saturation as the main page but with some interesting features .
The most impressive site feature is the ability to make a “ Watching ” list where you can add what shows you are watching and which episode you are currently on .
After manually making the list I assumed I ’d have to manually edit the list as well , similar to a Myanimelist .
net style of organization .
But this list updates as I watch new episodes of that show !
This is a wonderful automated system for remembering which episode of a show you are on if you have n’t watched it in a few weeks .
Not as good as Hulu ’s queue system , where the user subscribes to a show and new episodes are added automatically to a list on the profile and then vanish when watched .
But it ’s a good step in the right direction and , to be honest , more than I was expecting .
Other Problems and Updates
One morning I attempted to watch some Crunchyroll and the video refused to play .
Multiple different shows , in different browsers , at different quality settings the video simply refused to play .
I got fed up and was attempting to boot up my laptop to see if there was something wrong on my Windows machine when I accidentally clicked the video window , and the show began to play !
I assumed the video was already playing because the player only had a pause button .
It makes no sense that the UI would assume you ’d want a button to pause but only want to play by clicking the video !
What makes this system even more confusing is that you can pause by also clicking the video , making that pause button a useless decoration .
It turned out this was a onetime error , a bug caused by Crunchyroll making updates to the site .
But even if whatever happened happened once those few minutes where I thought I could n’t watch the content I had paid for might have been enough to turn some users away from the service forever .
One of the most impressive facts I saw while testing Crunchyroll was how quickly the service seemed to be updated .
There were many small announces , like the one above , that were fixed within the time of my trial .
Even UI tweets were done to improve the user experience .
One negative point about the video player I wrote into my first draft of this review was that there was a huge watermark in the upper right hand corner of the player that blinked on and off .
Whenever it appeared it drew my eye towards it , distracting me from the show .
However , after being annoyed by it for a week it disappeared .
It seems that Crunchyroll is making a serious effort to improve their service and most of the problems with the technology behind the site are holdovers from their less than legitimate past .
In the next few months I ’m sure we ’ll see the majority of the problems noted above disappear as the site modernizes .
Most of the issues here can be quickly annoyed once a user gets used to the way the site works but a few of these “ minor announces ” piled on top of each other and users may quickly be turned away before giving the content a chance .
Look for Part 3 of the review where I will discuss alternate viewing methods , such as the iPhone and iPad applications , and state my conclusion on the Crunchyroll Premium service .
Iowa City ’s The Old Capital City Roller Girls take on the Des Moines Derby Dames in Coralville , Iowa .
One of the best matches yet in this year ’s roller derby season .
“ There ’s a lack of vigilance and compliance with Hayes ’s recommendations , ’’ said Walker , who added that she planned to write Commissioner Harold W. Clarke about what she called “ an epidemic , a crisis ’’ within the state prison system .
In response , the Correction Department ’s Wiffin said suicide prevention is a top priority and “ we have made significant investments to protect the prisoners in our care . ’’
Hayes ’s 2007 report had urged that such practices be avoided because they exacerbate a sense of isolation and discourage some inmates from reporting suicidal feelings , but Walker said they persist .
But advocates question whether the state has lived up to its promise .
Inmates who spent time on suicide watches in the past two years , Walker said , told her that officials placed them in barren cells , made them change from regular prison garb into gowns , revoked routine privileges such as family visits , and deprived them of belongings , including books , mail , family photographs , and toiletries .
In February 2007 , following seven suicides the previous year , Hayes issued a 63 - page report that found serious shortcomings in the state ’s handling of inmates at risk for suicide .
The state immediately pledged to comply with all 29 recommendations in his report , and suicides fell .
Late yesterday afternoon , Diane Wiffin , a spokeswoman for the prison system , said the department had indeed rehired Hayes , project director for the National Center on Institutions and Alternatives , and asked him to examine each recent suicide .
Alarmed by the surge in suicides , Leslie Walker , executive director of Boston - based Prisoners ’ Legal Services , said in a phone interview Wednesday that the state should rehire the suicide prevention specialist , Lindsay M. Hayes , of Mansfield , who worked on a plan for the Correction Department in 2007 .
“ To hear that so many people have committed suicide , it just boggles my mind , ’’ said Antonia Chasse , of Westfield , whose brother , Ramon DeJesus , a 58 - year - old convicted murderer , was found hanging in his cell on June 2 at MCI - Norfolk .
“ This is a place where individuals are being watched 24 hours a day . ’’
Even if no additional inmates commit suicide this year , the eight deaths to date match the highest annual total in the past 14 years , according to Department of Correction statistics .
With the discovery of an eighth inmate found hanging in his cell at Old Colony Correctional Center in Bridgewater yesterday morning , Massachusetts prisons have reached a suicide rate of about 71 per 100,000 inmates so far this year , more than quadruple the average annual national rate of 16 per 100,000 inmates reported by the US Bureau for Justice Statistics .
Suicides in Massachusetts state prisons are occurring at a rate more than four times the national average this year , prompting advocates and inmates ’ relatives to call for an urgent response from state officials — and spurring the Patrick administration yesterday to hire a suicide prevention specialist .
The department has opened several relatively small treatment and behavior modification units for mentally ill prisoners and made cells more resistant to suicide , she said .
All new prison employees undergo eight hours of suicide prevention training .
Prison officials , she said , consult mental health professionals about appropriate possessions and privileges that inmates on suicide watches can have .
“ Despite these efforts , eight prisoners , including one this morning , have tragically ended their lives , ’’ she said .
“ While privacy concerns prevent us from commenting about specific cases , our initial reviews have found no common trends . ’’
The state ’s prison system has more than 11,000 inmates .
The inmate who officials said committed suicide yesterday was John Pappageris , a 51 - year - old former Waltham man serving three to four years for breaking and entering and a concurrent one - year sentence for assault and battery on a public servant , Wiffin said .
He was found hanging in his cell at 5:15 a.m. by a correction officer and taken to Morton Hospital and Medical Center in Taunton , where he was pronounced dead at 6:27 a.m. , Wiffin said .
Prison officials notified the Plymouth County district attorney ’s office , as is routine with such deaths .
Pappageris was a client of Prisoners ’ Legal Services , had a lengthy history of mental illness , and had attempted suicide several times before , according to Walker .
His aunt , Lucille Mahakian , of Watertown , said last night that Pappageris had never gotten over the suicide of his mother in 1971 .
He mutilated himself in prison and ate batteries , she said .
“ They knew of his history with mental issues , ’’ she said of prison officials .
“ He was on their watch , and this happened . ’’
A Globe Spotlight Team series in December 2007 revealed deepening mental illness and misery behind the walls of the state ’s prisons and identified numerous problems , including botched background screenings on suicidal inmates , missing mental health records , and skipped security rounds by correction officers .
Some advocates for inmates say this year ’s increase in suicides tells only part of the story .
“ The number of completed suicides is always the tip of the iceberg , ’’ said Rick Glassman , litigation director of the Disability Law Center of Massachusetts , a nonprofit group that advocates for people with disabilities , including mental illness .
“ What lies beneath it is the number of suicide attempts and self - injurious behavior . ’’
In March 2007 , the center sued the state in federal court , alleging that hundreds of mentally ill prisoners were kept in solitary confinement 23 hours a day , leading to suicides and self - mutilation .
The suit called on the state to build large special treatment units similar to those constructed in other states as a result of federal lawsuits .
In November 2008 , Clarke told the Globe he expected the suit would be settled out of court shortly with the announcement of plans to build maximum - security residential treatment units .
But a year later , lawyers for the prison system disclosed that the Patrick administration had shelved the plans because of the state ’s fiscal crisis .
The suit is pending .
In addition to wanting the state to bring Hayes back to study the latest surge in suicides , Walker and other advocates for prisoners want the Legislature to pass a bill to appoint a permanent panel to review problems in the prisons and recommend improvements .
State Representative Kay Khan , Democrat of Newton and a psychiatric nurse , has sponsored the bill in every session over the past 15 years but said it has gotten nowhere , largely because of opposition from the union that represents correction officers .
Khan said she believes top prison officials are doing the best they can but face daunting challenges :
The vast majority of inmates have mental health or substance abuse problems , the state has cut prison budgets , and few lawmakers are interested in what happens in prisons .
Hayes , the suicide prevention specialist , could not be reached yesterday but in an interview Wednesday cautioned about reading too much into any annual total for prison suicides .
He prefers to examine suicide trends over 10 - year periods , he said , because annual totals can vary sharply .
Nonetheless , he said that this year ’s surge is discouraging and that he would gladly study its causes .
“ I think it would be very accurate to say that the trend is upward , and I would hope that the department is very concerned about that and that they ’re looking at it , ’’ he said .
Saltzman can be reached at jsaltzman@globe.com
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
It 's tempting to act as your own lawyer , to argue your own cause .
Who better to defend your position than you ?
This week , stories of pro se defenses :
Some brilliant , some disastrous .
A man fakes his way into an insane asylum by pretending to be crazy , and then can't argue his way back out .
And another man uses vigilante justice to defend his sister 's honor , using a strategy he did n't know he had in him .
Advertisements
Just as some blame the rape victim for the rape , Republicans have taken to blaming the moral character of the unemployed for their joblessness .
To the GOP , unemployment was not caused by the financial collapse , or years of Republican tax cut and spend policies .
To the GOP , the unemployed are individuals of poor character who must be campaigned against in 2010 .
The GOP ’s 2010 strategy is based on the idea that an unemployed person is lazy or jobless by choice , which has its roots in the Protestant work ethic or the embedded belief in our society in the morality of work .
This was a belief that dictated American economic policies towards the unemployed and poor until the Great Depression .
With the radicalization of the Republican Party the language of stigmatization of the unemployed has returned to America ’s political discourse , and launched a full on assault on the moral character of the nation ’s jobless .
Advertisements
For example :
Here is video of Tom DeLay calling the unemployed lazy :
Tom ’s argument is what we here at Politicus call “ fallacious argument ad nauseam ” .
There are so many holes in his argument so as to render it unworthy of being called an argument .
Let ’s just run through them super quick , because after all , he does claim to be speaking for “ people in the real world ” and last I checked , this is where I do , indeed , reside .
Questions for Tommy : what “ studies ” ?
Who are these “ many people ” you cite as a source ?
Is that ( the alleged laziness of the American unemployed ) really the pressing problem right now ?
( Kinda seems like global economic collapse is a weeny bit more pressing than Tommy ’s moral judgments , but hey … )
You say “ people are unemployed because they want to be ! ” and yet you have no data to back this up .
You claim this is true because in what can only be dubbed a daringly hubristic feat of circular logic , you hope to appeal to a widespread belief of your own making !
Brilliant , really .
And yet , still , utterly devoid of fact , I ’m afraid .
Yes , when Tommy is n’t appealing to an anonymous authority ( “ people say ” and “ studies show ” ) , he ’s just makin ’ things up for the troops .
Here is GOP Senate candidate Sharron Angle calling the unemployed spoiled :
Of course , Angle is not alone in her irrational hatred of the unemployed .
Also in Nevada is GOP Rep. Dean Heller , who in February made the claim that unemployment benefits create hobos .
According to the Echo Daily Free Press , Heller said , “ I believe there should be a federal safety net , ” Heller said , but he questioned the wisdom of extending unemployment benefits yet again to a total of 24 months , which Congress is doing .
“ Is the government now creating hobos ? ” he asked . ”
Here is Rachel Maddow ’s collection of quotes from Republican Senators about the unemployed :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Their point is clear .
Government should not be there to assist the unemployed .
They argue that unemployment benefits harm the unemployed by making them lazy .
This argument has no bearing in economic reality .
It is based wholly on simply ideology , and a mystical belief in the free market .
It is irrelevant that this ideology when turned into policy only adds to the woes of the many .
The Republicans have an ideology and they are sticking to it even if they have to run this country into the ground .
Let ’s just see if the average voter understands this .
From the looks of the videos here , and the comments of the average Fox News viewer , the right is quite sure that every unemployed person is a lazy person who does n’t deserve help .
Which , of course , is beside the point even if it were accurate ( which it clearly is n’t ) .
The point is that our economy depends on being stimulated right now .
We ca n’t even have a reasoned debate about how to stimulate it ( or rather , we did have one and the Republicans tuned it out because they do n’t want to stimulate it ) because the Republicans are so busy demonizing American citizens in order to warp their positions into making “ sense ” .
They ’re just a few steps shy of McCarthyism , but they ’re definitely on the edge .
Here comes the interesting part .
What makes the Republican Party think that the unemployed are going to support them , when voting for them means that they are definitely going to lose the only financial lifeline that they have until they can find work ?
While this might be an ideologically pure electoral strategy , it also would seem to be an absolutely self defeating one too .
Insulting the unemployed may play great with the wealthy white party base , but it certainly is n’t going to motivate an unemployed individual to head to the polls and vote Republican .
Maybe someone ought to tell the GOP that the unemployed vote too ?
On second thought , let ’s not say a word and let them find out for themselves in November .
Israeli allowed three West Bank — based Palestinian newspapers into the Gaza Strip on Wednesday , after 20 months , but Hamas prevented them from entering .
Palestinian officials on the committee which liaises with Israel on the entry of goods into the enclave , said the Hamas authorities ruling the Strip informed the committee that the three dailies would not be allowed in .
“ The government ( Hamas ) informed us that it decided to ban the entrance of the dailies into the Gaza Strip , because the issue was not coordinated with it , ” an official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , told the German Press Agency dpa .
However , some Palestinian observers in Gaza said the Hamas decision was related to its bitter feud with the Fatah party of President Mahmoud Abbas .
One of the three dailies , al — Quds , published in East Jerusalem , is an independent , the others — al — Ayyam and al — Hayat al — Jadida — which are published in Ramallah , back the West Bank — based Palestinian Authority and Fatah .
Israel did not allow the newspapers into the Strip as part of the blockade it imposed on the salient after militants snatched an Israeli soldier in a June 25 2006 cross — border raid .
The siege was tightened in June 2007 after Hamas seized control of the enclave by force , routing , in a week of bloody violence .
But fierce international pressure on the Jewish state , following its seizure of a Gaza — bound aid flotilla in which nine activists were killed , led the Israeli government last month to decide relax the blockade , and allow most consumer goods to enter the enclave .
Mechanical Proof of the Pythagorean Theorem
The Pythagorean theorem is arguably one of the most fundamental results in mathematics , with more known proofs than probably any other theorem .
It is satisfying to know that the theorem lurks in many mechanical phenomena as demonstrated below .
There is clearly more than one sense in which it deserves the designation of fundamental .
Imagine a right triangular prism with a right triangle as a base [ Mark Levi , p. 10 , and another discussion ] .
Let the legs of the triangle be a , b , and the hypotenuse c. Imagine the prism filled with water and mounted on a vertical spindle at one of the acute angles of the base triangle .
The prism can freely rotate around the spindle .
Will it ?
The answer is naturally , No .
A prism left to its own devices will not move any way and stay at rest .
This means that the forces acting on the prism somehow balance out .
Beside the vertical gravitational pull that is balanced by the spindle 's resistance , what are other forces that act on the prism ?
The water pushes from inside on each of the side faces of the prism .
The push is proportional to the area of the side and , since all of them are rectangles of the same height , to their lengths .
This force at each side generates a torque ( momentum ) as if it was concentrated at the center of gravity - the center - of the side .
The torques on the legs pull the prism in one direction , the torque on the hypotenuse in the other .
The torques balance .
Each is the product of the distance to the axis times the force applied .
As the result , a×a / 2 + b×b/2 = c×c /2 , or
a² + b² = c² .
( For a mathematical framework based on the invariance of the area of a moving body see a separate page . )
Consider now material point C that can slide without friction over a rigid semicircle with a diameter AB and center at O [ Mark Levi , pp. 21 - 23 ] .
Imagine two identical springs that link C to the points A and B and assume that the springs satisfy Hooke 's law : F = κx , where x is the elongation of the spring , κ Hooke 's constant , and F the tension of the spring , i.e. the force it exerts at both end points .
The average force needed to stretch the spring to length x is κx / 2 and the work performed is then the product of the distance and the force : W( x ) = κx² / 2 .
This is also the potential energy of the spring stretched to length x .
Returning to our configuration , we claim that point C is in equilibrium at any position on the semicircle .
Indeed , since the radial forces can't cause it to move along the circle , suffice it to prove that the tangential components of the tension exerted by the two springs balance out .
Let M and N be the projections of A and B onto the tangent to circle at C .
The lengths of CM and CN are proportional to the projections of the two forces on the tangent .
But CM = CN because these are caught between three parallels AM , CO , and BN ( remember that CO ⊥ MN also ) , while AO = BO by construction .
As a consequence , the potential energy of the two springs is the same for any position of C .
In particular , for a position with AC = b and BC = a , P( x ) = κ( a² + b² ) / 2 .
For the position at one of the end points , P( 0 ) = κ ( 0 ² + c² ) / 2 , where c is the diameter of the semicircle : c = AB .
It follows that a² + b² = c² .
If a puck of mass m = 1 is pushed on frictionless ice so as to acquire velocity a , its kinetic energy will be a² / 2 [ Mark Levi , p. 25 ] .
If its pushed in the perpendicular direction and acquire velocity b , its kinetic energy will be b² / 2 .
Consecutively executed pushes , on the one hand , will supply the puck with kinetic energy a² / 2 + b² / 2 .
On the other hand , the puck will acquire velocity c which is geometrically the diagonal of the rectangle with sides a and b .
Its kinetic energy is c²/ 2 and we are done .
( There is another mechanical proof that also employs Heron 's formula . )
References
| Contact| | Front page| | Contents| | Algebra|
by Lacy MacAuley
The photos of my arrest during the Toronto G20 summit show a small blond lady with purple stockings getting thrown around by police as I was tossed head - first into an unmarked van .
These photos have appeared on the front page of the Toronto Star , in the New York Times , and in other newspapers .
Footage of the arrest has appeared on CNN and other news outlets such as CBC .
My name is Lacy MacAuley , and this is the story of my arrest , including my being violently assaulted , strangled , and punched while riding into the police station in the back of the van .
I arrived at the site of the peaceful jail solidarity rally , just outside the Prisoner Processing Center ( PCC ) at about 11:30 AM , Sunday , June 27 , with two friends from Washington DC , organizer Robby Diesu and Geoff Millard of Iraq Veterans Against the War .
I smiled as we walked up to the rally :
There under a breathtaking blue sky , a young man was strumming an electric bass and leading a musical chant , " So so so , solidarity ! "
People were smiling and cheering as two people were released from jail ( I understand at least two were released before I arrived ) , and I used my iPhone to send messages to Twitter about the cheerful rally , with photos attached .
I had come to Toronto from Washington DC to protest the G20 by helping to write about and photograph events that question and deconstruct the G20 ’s authority .
The G20 is a government superstructure with even more power than any individual country , which has been pursuing corrupt bailout policies for banks , corporations and the International Monetary Fund , while allowing citizens to starve .
Its “ open market ” or “ free trade ” policies only help to concentrate wealth in fewer and fewer hands , and allow corporations to destroy the environment , subjugate civil liberties , and strip away a country ’s national sovereignty .
The G20 is bad for most of us on earth , not to mention our children and grandchildren .
I have a BA in International Relations with a minor in World Development Studies , but it does n’t take special expertise to realize that something is fundamentally wrong with a tiny cartel of wealthy leaders who are taking money from corporations for funding running the way our civilization is designed .
It is all of our duty to resist oppression and make the world a better place .
That ’s why I was in Toronto , and I did not damage anyone or anything while there .
I was standing in the crowd about fifteen feet from the bass player when suddenly , with no warning and no provocation , police charged into the crowd and tackled a young man near the front .
Some in the crowd at the rally began screaming and running backwards , while many remained calm and shouted to the police to let the young man go .
I began taking photos with my iPhone of the violent arrest .
Then I looked up to see the police charging for me , closing in from only about seven feet away .
I knew that to resist arrest would be a serious offense , thanks to years of training in nonviolence , so I did not resist .
The police then tackled me and pushed me to the ground .
I was able to put my left arm down to buffer my fall onto the pavement .
Then one uniformed officer grabbed me around the waist , pulling me back to the dark blue side of the police line and throwing me face - down on the pavement .
As he threw me my arms were being twisted behind my back .
I was able to angle my right shoulder toward the pavement so that I did not hit the pavement with my face .
Apparently my friend Robby was attempting to run forward through the crowd to perform a heroic act that would save me , but was being restrained by my friend Geoff , who feared that Robby would wind up arrested himself if he did anything .
As this was happening , I was shouting in a voice that was firm and loud but not frantic , " You have to let me go .
Please , you have to let me go .
I 've done nothing wrong . "
I had been focusing on holding onto my iPhone with a death grip because I knew that if I dropped it at this point , behind the police line , I might never see it again .
Now , as I was laying face - down behind the line , my phone was aggressively pulled out of my hand .
One officer kneeled on my head as hand cuffs were placed on me , leaning hard with all his weight on the left side of my head as my right cheek was driven into the pavement .
The pain was immense and overwhelming .
I told him to take his knee off my head .
A second officer on the other side was also kneeling on my back .
As all of this was occurring , international and national press was taking photos and video , images which were broadcast across the globe .
At that point at least two officers yanked me up , including a thug , who may have been a plain - clothes officer , and was a black male wearing a black T - shirt with curvy print on it , about 6 ' 3 , perhaps 250 lbs .
Photos of this man show a muscular , powerful frame .
For the sake of this write - up , I will call this person " Thug A . " I later learned that this thug or one of the other thugs may have been named Officer Antonie .
Several other thugs , who may have been plain - clothes police , were present .
One of them was a tall black man wearing plaid shorts and a white T - shirt , who also may have been a plain - clothes officer .
For the sake of this write - up , I will call this person “ Thug B . ”
Please note that none of my attackers ever identified himself as a police officer .
They were wearing plain clothes and were driving an unmarked vehicle that looked like a standard soccer - mom minivan .
I have no qualms calling my attackers thugs .
They never gave me any indication that they were anything but thugs .
I was yanked in an aggressive fashion toward a blue unmarked van .
The door was open and the middle seat of the van was folded down .
Thug B climbed into the back of the vehicle just before I was flung toward the open door .
As I was tossed toward the open door of the vehicle , my right knee hit something which I believe was the edge of the van ( the metal lip of the door step ) .
I was pulled into the vehicle , with Thug A roughly pulling my legs into the vehicle .
As I was pulled into the van , another thug , who may have been a plain - clothes officer , was sitting in the driver ’s seat of the van .
For the sake of this write - up , I will call the person sitting in the driver ’s seat “ Thug C . ” While I was being pulled into the vehicle , Thug C reached back with his right hand and took hold of my neck .
Thug C was white with brown hair and a beard and was wearing a black T - shirt and black baseball cap .
As the van began moving and the door to the van closed , the two thugs in the back seat pulled me around so that I was laying face up with my head almost in between the passenger and driver seat .
As they were doing so , Thug A was punching me in the stomach , just hard enough to shock someone who is delicate but not hard enough to harm me .
As they punched me and turned me over , they said statements such as “ stop struggling , ” and “ stop punching . ”
( Again , my hands were cuffed . )
I immediately realized that they may be making such completely erroneous statements because we were being recorded , and I loudly stated “ I ’m not struggling , ” and / or “ I am not resisting arrest . ”
Thug A sat on top of me over my pelvic area .
My handcuffs were digging into my wrists .
My only goal was to live through the experience without losing my humanity , my spirit , or my presence of mind , to find out where I was being taken , and to find out as much as I could about these thugs , whether they were officers or some sort of private contractors , i.e. paramilitary groups .
Thug B then squeezed my throat with his right hand , digging his thumb deeply into my carotid artery area , on the right side of my throat .
He held this for perhaps ten seconds , as Thug A stepped on me , re-adjusting himself overtop of me .
I almost passed out at that point as the carotid artery is the chief artery that supplies blood to the brain .
At some point during or before this strangulation , I wet myself .
Urine seeped into and through my clothing .
Darkness almost overtook me , but I held on and I did not lose consciousness .
During this whole time the thugs were calling me names such as : “ cunt , ” “ bitch , ” “ whore , ” and “ street trash . ”
A constant barrage of their statements were phrases such as “ Look at this street whore . ”
In addition , Thug A was making statements such as , “ So you think you can smash up Toronto ?
Think again , you dirty bitch . ”
When I did not lose consciousness from choking , Thug B punched the right side of my head with his left fist .
This was done at least once , and may have been repeated .
I did not lose consciousness , but I began telling them , “ I am a good person .
I do n’t know why you are doing this to me .
I did not harm anything or anyone . ”
As I was saying this , Thug A , who had been sitting on top of me , began patting around my skirt .
“ Why is she wet ? ” he yelled .
Thug B replied that I had “ pissed ” on myself .
Thug A then expressed disgust and began calling me horrible names , and deriding me for “ pissing on him . ”
He stopped sitting on my pelvic area and moved further down my legs .
During a large part of this assault , Thug C was reaching back from the driver ’s seat and pulling my hair very hard , harder than it has ever been pulled .
A man in a turquoise - colored shirt was sitting in the passenger seat of the van .
For the sake of this write - up , I will call this person “ Thug D . ”
I may be small but I am not weak , and I remained present of mind .
I was focused on reminding myself that my attackers were human beings who had made perhaps an entire life ’s worth of bad choices that led them to this point .
All of my attackers were likely abused in some way as children , and had likely made choices born of fear .
I , on the other hand , am making choices born of love to protect and serve future generations by giving voice to those who question the G20 , its polices , and its dominant malevolent philosophies .
It is my good choices which brought me here , protesting the G20 even at the expense of my personal safety , because protesting oppression is the right thing to do .
It was poor choices , likely born of the disempowered notion that one has to “ just do their job , ” even if it is something malevolent and wrong , that led my attackers to that point in time .
There are better choices out there , and I never bar the potential that people can and do change .
I drew upon the fact that there were so many others just outside and inside the jail who believe that love should guide our actions , not fear , and the strength of my people carried my hope .
They roughly turned me over face down .
We were quite obviously taking the short ride around the block to the entrance to the jai .
At some point before we reached the building , the thugs stopped the car in an area that appeared to be a parking lot .
Both thugs in the back seat got out .
I tried to turn my head to the right to see what Thug A was doing , but Thug A took his fist and brandished it about an inch from my face , saying , “ Keep your head down .
If you move , this goes into your nose . ”
I kept my face down toward the gray van carpet .
Thug A got back into the vehicle , but Thugs B and D must have left .
Thug B was still driving .
I remained where I was and asked where they were taking me .
Thug A said , “ We have n’t driven very far .
Where do you think , you dumb bitch ? ”
Thug A continued verbally insulting me as the van pulled into the PCC .
As I the doors opened to the vehicle , many other uniformed officers were visible in the giant prisoner intake room .
I began loudly orating that I had just been assaulted .
The uniformed officer who had initially grabbed me , whose face was with mine on all the front pages of the Toronto Star on Monday , June 28 , came and sat in the front seat .
He asked Thug A who the arresting officers were , asking “ me and you ? ” I gave them a moment to agree on who the arresting officers were , and demanded to know their names and badge numbers .
Thug A said , “ My badge number will be on the paperwork . ”
I demanded perhaps five more times of both of them , but neither one would tell me .
There were several senior - looking uniformed police officers standing nearby , and I proceeded to orate about how these officers had assaulted me , and that there were some bad , bad police officers working in this department , and that this officer here was one of them .
Thug A only complained to the officers that I had “ pissed ” on him .
He asked whether I had “ any diseases that he had to worry about . ”
Regardless of the arrogant tone of his question , I thought it was a fair question , and I answered him that I did n’t have any diseases I was aware of .
I asked him whether he had children , and whether he would like it if they were mistreated for simply taking a photo at a demonstration .
I told him that he was a very bad person , and repeated that I am a good person , I ’ve done nothing wrong , and I have harmed nothing and nobody .
They can choke me and beat me .
They can break my bones .
But they will never break my will or my spirit .
All of us who are put into police custody must remember that theirs is an illegitimate source of power , but that we draw our power from Mother Earth and from the love in our hearts , which is a stronger power that will overcome their guns and their fear .
The human rights abuses did not end when I reached the jail .
I joined 900 of my fellow activists in confinement that everyone regarded as unjust .
I thought of my friends Robby and Geoff on the outside .
Would they know how to find me ?
What I did n’t know is that a friend of mine from Washington DC who is an AP reporter had already seen the first photos of my arrest , and by 12:20 PM had already notified my colleague Sarah Massey in DC .
Sarah contacted friends and family and spread the word of my arrest in Toronto .
Within an hour after my arrest , the people I love were ready to come to my aid .
How long would it take for them to be able to spring me from jail ?
The metal handcuffs had been taken off , and plastic zip - tie handcuffs were placed on me .
I was booked in Stage 1 processing at the PCC at about 12:30 PM .
The cell was a cold , cement bloc .
I had orated so loudly about what had just happened to me that almost everyone in the large intake room could hear me .
The court officer attending to my cell came over to provide me with toilet paper so that I could clean up .
After a short time , many other women came into the cell with me , almost 15 .
There was very little water being offered .
I was processed to Stage 2 , which involved talking to a processing officer about my charges .
I was completely shocked to hear that my charge was “ assault of a police officer . ”
I made sure everyone knew that it was I who was assaulted , and exactly how I was assaulted .
I made sure to note my exact injuries .
It was at that time I was able to glance down at my paperwork and notice that one of my two arresting officers was “ Officer Antonie . ”
After I spoke to the initial intake person who made sure I was aware of my charges , they brought me to a separate room for an illegal strip search .
The female officers who were processing me illegally strip - searched me and made me take off all of my clothing and without even allowing me to clean myself up first from having wet myself while being choked .
They were however able to give me new pants to wear , which was handy .
I asked them if I could be brought to the Emergency Medical Services ( EMS ) to get my bruises , etc , looked at .
They complied and brought me straight from Stage 2 processing to the EMS .
EMS personnel documented my injuries , which included : a gash on the right knee which made it painful to bend my knee all the way ; a sore neck from being choked , especially where Thug B had driven his thumb into my artery ; a tender spot on the side of my head , near my right ear , from being punched ; welts on my right shoulder and arm from being tossed onto the pavement ; and scratches on my back and right shoulder blade from being dragged along the pavement .
I denied pain medication because I wanted to be sure that I remained present of mind throughout the remainder of my processing .
I did take an ice pack for my knee and extra water , because I feared that I would not get any more from any of the police .
I was put into a holding cell with women who had been arrested the previous night at the Novatel Hotel , none of whom had yet been permitted to see a lawyer or make a phone call .
The cell was in the Stage 3 processing area , and was the exact same as the other cells , with cold concrete floors , one metal bench .
A few hours went by and we were given cheese sandwiches .
The calorie provision of such a sandwich is very low , perhaps 400 calories at the most .
It leaves a person quite hungry .
Needless to say , rounding up peaceful protestors , denying them basic fundamentals of humanity such as food and water , and denying them any contact with the outside world , is usually something that you hear of oppressive regimes doing , not a friendly , rich country like Canada .
I was the first one who was brought anywhere beyond that cell .
Officers were wandering around looking for prisoners who they had “ lost ” in the system .
They were wandering , wandering , and asking for the same person over and over .
I was called to speak with a detective , Detective F. Skubic .
I was told again that my charges were “ assault of a police officer . ”
I told the detective that this was 200 percent incorrect , that I had been assaulted .
The detective responded with indifference , and referred me to the complaints process for complaining about an officer .
I told him that I believe that the details of my assault are a material part of my defense in proving that I did not assault a police officer .
I told him that I wanted to make a video statement about what happened to me .
He said , sure , I could make a video statement , but first , I should talk to a lawyer .
Also , he said , because I am a US citizen , I should call my consulate .
The detective gave me the phone number for the US consulate , a paper about applying for legal aid as an Ontarian ( which does n’t apply to me ) , and a “ Notice to Accused Persons Appearing in Toronto Courts ” ( which was also given to me upon my release ) .
I was brought straight out to call my consulate .
The consulate was not very helpful .
I told her about my assault .
The only thing that the consulate representative , Jennifer , did was take down my name , home address , and phone number .
She was astounded that I did not have a phone number that I could currently be reached at .
At that point I had not seen a lawyer and I was not aware that I would need to go through a long process of posting bail , or I would have asked that she call my parents in Washington DC about posting bail , and look up a few phone numbers for me in order to make arrangements .
But I was still hopeful that I would be simply released without any charges .
Why ?
Because it ’s simply preposterous that I had assaulted the four burly thugs / officers in the van , and I knew that I had not assaulted anyone .
It is against my personal ethics to harm another human being .
I was brought into the cell for just a moment and brought out again to talk to the duty counsel , or court - appointed lawyer .
When I walked in , the lawyer instantly recognized me and said , “ You ’ve been all over the news . ”
She said that she had seen me on CBC getting thrown into the van .
She told me of the proper procedure , and called the G8 / G20 Toronto Community Mobilization number for me .
The TCM simply logged my name and case , and had a brief discussion with the duty counsel about whether I could pay bail , but we did not begin to work out details regarding my bail .
It is worth noting that , as I went in and out of my cell , I saw a girl who was 17 years old .
She was in a cell alone , unable to see anyone but police and prisoners walking back and forth .
As I walked by her again and again , I smiled at her to offer her a little comfort , because she looked very distraught .
The last time that I walked by her she was crying .
Not long after that , another cellmate was walked back to the cell after visiting the EMS to get her prescription medication .
She said the girl was still crying .
We talked to the court officer , who was walking back and forth , to ask that the girl be put in the cell with us so that we could offer her a friendly voice to talk to and people to support her .
However , the court officer insisted that we remain separate for the underage girl ’s “ safety . ”
I was never , never allowed to make my one phone call in the time that I was detained .
I was able to exercise my right to call the US Consulate , but if I had been allowed to make my one phone call I would have been able to arrange for bail .
That did not happen .
Finally , at some point later in the evening , I was brought back to the detective ’s office .
I had told Detective Skubic earlier that day that I wished to make a statement on camera about my assault that would be entered into my case file .
I was met by Detective S. Pryer , Badge # 3065 , an older man with graying hair and a small paunch on the midriff .
Detective Pryer sat me down and said that I had wished to make a statement .
I told him that Detective Skubic had said he would take my statement , yes .
At that point Detective Pryer took out his phone and called Detective Skubic .
The voice on the other end was loud enough for me to hear : “ I do n’t really know if it ’s necessary .
It ’s obvious she ’s an activist . ”
Obvious that I ’m an activist ?
I thought .
This is the kind of treatment that Nazi Germany gave activists .
Just because I am politically active and publicly critical of various economic policies , to include the G20 ’s policies , corporate culture , and polluters , does not mean that I should be discriminated against in a criminal investigation by the very detectives who are collecting evidence in that investigation .
I was astounded .
Detective Pryer got off the phone and told me that he could take my statement right now .
I asked him why I was not being allowed to make a statement about my assault on video tape .
He said that they were n’t taking video at that time , and that I could submit a complaint about the officers who assaulted me .
The complaint , as I had learned , is an internal police department process which allows the police department to simply give the officers a slap on the wrist , if they do anything at all .
I want to be sure that I am submitting something in a court of law .
Of course , a detective who works for the police department is going to try to bar me from letting me bring information about my assault into a court of law , so I was being denied my statement .
I gave my statement verbally to Detective Pryer , with all of the details about my assault .
He took notes and said that his notes could be subpoenaed by my attorney to be used in court .
I made sure that he wrote down the more potent elements of my assault , such as the choking and being hit in the head .
It was clear to me that Detective Pryer has lost his way ethically , and I do hope that he does not destroy his notes or something else .
Not long after that , I was brought out to Stage 4 processing .
I was “ live scanned , ” meaning my fingerprints were taken using a special machine that was on loan from another agency , according to the officer taking my fingerprints .
I answered another round of questions including my name , age , height , weight , etc .
Then they put me into solitary confinement .
All I could see were the police officers who walked back and forth .
While in solitary confinement , I took the opportunity to meditate .
I sat down and went deep within myself , feeling the depths of my spirit like the warm center of the earth .
I sang some of my favorite meditative songs : “ Let the beauty you love be what you do , there are hundreds of ways to kneel and kiss the ground , ” a Rumi quote , and the love - imparting song that I like to sing to the people ( and plants and animals ) that I love : “ You are a thing of beauty .
You are a child of earth .
You ’re made of sacred starlight .
Do n’t forget how much you ’re worth . ”
At this point , I broke into tears of appreciation .
Getting your freedom taken away from you makes you appreciate just how bountiful and abundant the universe is !
It is truly a blessed world that we are all living in , if we just open up our hearts and minds enough to feel it .
Oppressive institutions like the G20 and the police do n’t want you to know your own strength , but we all draw from a deep , flowing well of power and beauty , if we will only have the strength to drink the potency of the beauty all around us .
After meditating I was feeling wonderful , but I was also developing a headache .
This prompted me to wonder if perhaps I was actually experiencing a concussion due to being hit in the side of the head .
( One of the symptoms of a concussion is hallucinations .
Another is an actual headache . )
I told the court officer that I was worried that I was in danger of having a concussion .
I also was having increased pain in my neck on the right side , and it was swelling larger and larger .
At length , I flagged down the court officer and went back to EMS to talk to them about these symptoms .
The wonderful EMS personnel took note of my symptoms , and said that I did not contain one of the more important signs of a concussion :
An elevated heart rate .
Thank the gods !
They took note of my other symptoms , and gave me some Tylenol for the headache , and a lot more water .
Then it was back to my cell .
I spent a long , sleepless night in the cell .
I was unable to sleep at all on the freezing cold of the cement floor , and was forced to sleep on the floor on the corner of the porto - john ( after inspecting it and wiping it down thoroughly with most of the toilet paper available to me ) , which was made of plastic and slightly more insulating .
It is a ludicrously dehumanizing act to force human beings to sleep in a porto - john just to keep warm .
If they were going to arrest so many people , how could they not have had sweatshirts and T - shirts for people ?
I think their excuse will be negligence .
However , ensuring that people are warm is a basic function of caring for prisoners .
I do n’t buy the notion that it was accidental .
I believe that they purposely did not give us enough warmth , to try to quell our enthusiasm and our spirits .
In the morning , I was in the very first wagon of people transported to the courthouse at 2201 Finch Street in Toronto , in a vehicle with one other woman who was arrested at the jail solidarity rally like I was .
I arrived at the courthouse at 9:30 AM and was given yet another cheese sandwich for breakfast .
I then was taken to see my duty counsel , Susan .
I gave Susan a lot of information about my case , including my parents ’ phone number to ask them about coming up with bail money .
I gave Susan the address of John Valleau , with whom I was staying in Toronto , so that they could work out the details .
The woman I had been transported with had a very attentive duty counsel , and contacted the woman ’s family members right away .
At some point at about 5:00 PM , she was released !
I waited all day in that jail , meeting the other amazing women who were also imprisoned for no good reason .
As the day wore on , I wondered why , why , why I was being left to rot in a jail cell while the court was open .
It became obvious to all of us that the court was not seeing many cases .
The officers were doing way too much standing around and chit- chatting , and not actually working .
At one point they were all sharing popsicles , and then poutine .
One of the groups of officers , who had also been working at the PCC , actually chatted with the women in our cell for about half an hour .
Why were n’t they working ?
Two cheese sandwiches later , at about 6 PM , I was finally brought to the courtroom .
I met with a duty counsel , whose name I do not remember .
He was unaware of the fact that I had met with the duty counsel Susan earlier in the day .
I gave him the phone number of my parents and the address of John Valleau again .
I learned from the judge that the bail was $ 1500 .
I know that it is steep , but I thought my parents would be willing to pay it .
It had to be high , according to the counsel , because I am a US person and pose a flight risk .
They had to find a way to get this money to the courtroom .
I was confident that if my parents only got in touch with folks on the ground in Toronto , they could work out the details .
Again , I had not gotten my phone call so I could n’t work out these details myself .
I did not know it at the time , but Susan had , in fact , contacted my parents .
They had n’t known the bail amount but had indicated a willingness to pay it .
In the meantime my friends Robby and Geoff had gotten in touch with my parents through Facebook , and had been camped outside the jail , and then the courtroom .
The actual bail amount had not been set until 6 PM .
Starting as soon as they received word from my parents , Robby and Geoff had been driving their rental van around Toronto searching for an open Western Union center so that my parents could transfer the $ 1,500 in funds .
Due to the lateness of the bail being set , they were having extreme difficulty making the transfer happen .
At about 8:30 PM , I was brought back to the court .
I had a new duty counsel , who said that he was aware that my parents and parties in Toronto were trying to make arrangements for getting bail paid .
He said that he would try to call the parties again to see what arrangements could be made .
The judge indicated that they would wait and hold my case and give my parents and parties involved more time tonight to work out the situation , and genuinely seemed that she wanted me to get out tonight .
I was very hopeful that I might be out that night !
I went back to my cell and waited on egg shells .
Prisoners were being rushed in and out of their cells .
After a day of lounging police at the jail , the police were actually working , and so were the courts .
Finally , at about 11:00 PM , I was called back into the courtroom .
The judge was looking very weary , as was the courtroom staff .
The judge indicated that she and other courtrooms had been waiting fairly idle for the early part of the day , while police had not rounded up prisoners and gotten organized enough to actually allow the courtrooms to hear cases .
She indicated that they would get rolling at 9 AM sharp , and gave me an appointment to appear at 9 AM sharp , as well as another woman , Rachel , who was on a similar track as I was in that moment .
She closed the cases for the evening .
We went back to our cells .
It was now almost midnight , but we got word from the court police that we would be transferred to another facility , either back to the PCC or to a new facility , the Vanier womens prison .
After a chat with my cellmates , I fell asleep on the freezing cold concrete bench .
When I awoke many of my cellmates were being transferred out of our cell .
I was n’t sure whether they were going , and neither were they .
Three of us were left in this cell in the almost - empty jail .
It had turned so cold that we huddled for warmth , and then went back to sleep on the cold concrete .
It was about 2:30 AM or 3:00 AM in the morning when the remaining prisoners from the courtroom were rounded up and put on a wagon .
After a very chilly 30 - minute drive , we arrived at Vanier , in Milton , Ontario .
We were thrown into exactly the same type of cell that we had had before .
Over the course of the next hour or hour and a half , we were processed .
Processing at Vanier involved odd questions nestled in with simple ones such as “ What is your eye color ? ” I was grilled about whether I had ever attempted suicide and whether I would attempt it here at the facility .
( I have not and would never do such a thing .
A moment long enough just to hear a sparrow ’s song is worth living for ! )
I was then subjected to an illegal strip search again , and given new spiffy green sweats , which were quite a bit warmer than anything anyone had been wearing , and a pair of sneakers .
By the time this was all said and done , it was about 4:30 AM .
We had a few brief moments to get a little bit of sleep , again on cold concrete .
I did so .
We were awoken at about 7:00 AM , shuffled into the next room , and given breakfast .
This was much better food : Cereal , milk , juice , and two pieces of bread or a bagel with jam .
We also had instant coffee packets .
I had been so caffeine deprived that I quickly made a shoddy caffeine mixture with the coffee packet and the milk packet .
Then 20 women were taken for the transport , not including me or Rachel .
This was frustrating as our court appearance time was 9:00 AM sharp .
I asked the driver of the transport when the next one would return .
He said that they would return with exactly the same wagon , which could take up to an hour and half .
By this time it was just after 7:30 AM .
I told the driver that my court appearance was at 9:00 AM , and he said that it would be fine to go a bit later .
Again , I was very frustrated , but I thanked him for the information .
Could n’t they find a second police wagon to accommodate us and the court ’s schedule ?
At about 10:00 AM , the transport got back .
The remaining prisoners , including me , were brought to the prison and put in a cell .
At about 12:00 PM , Rachel and I were brought into the courtroom .
Each of us had new counsel .
Someone in the audience who looked like an activist darted out of the courtroom .
I was the first case up .
The counsel told me that the money had been secured and that , again , people in Toronto were attempting to get that money to the courthouse .
This was the same story as last night , but I was still optimistic .
While my case was being heard , Amy Miller , the close friend of Rachel , had quickly entered the courtroom .
Activists were going from room to room , silently notifying each other of which courtroom their friends and family members were in .
The judge moved onto Rachel ’s case .
As her case was heard , I saw two people enter the courtroom out of the corner of my eye .
I looked over to see none other than my friends Robby and Geoff .
My heart leapt out of my chest , and tears came to my eyes as we waved hello .
I was reminded by the police escorts sitting next to me that if we spoke with members of the audience , we would be thrown out of court .
Rachel ’s case was heard .
She also is being held on a ridiculous charge that she is resolutely not guilty of .
She was able to voice that neither she nor I had received a phone call .
She was given the opportunity to be released on cash bail of $ 500 .
The court turned back to me .
My counsel had not noticed Robby or Geoff , and did not know that they were attached to me .
Neither Robby nor Geoff had had a way to find my counsel prior to this moment , either , and they were not permitted to speak to her in court .
My counsel began to state the familiar refrain , “ Well , it would seem that we ’re still waiting on Ms. MacAuley ’s bail money to find its way to the court … ”
The judge began to point out to the counsel that there may be a few people in the courtroom who may know me .
I was not allowed to speak out in court to anyone but my counsel , so how could I facilitate the communication that needed to happen ?
I called my counsel over to the little slit in the window to speak .
In a voice that was loud enough for everyone in the room to hear , I said :
“ I just wanted to point you to two people in the audience who I believe may be willing to assist me in getting bail money to the courthouse –“
As I said this , Robby smiled and held up an envelope .
Robby and Geoff the superheroes !
“ In fact , ” I told my counsel , smiling , “ I believe they have my bail money right now ! ”
My case was heard .
Apparently I am charged with “ assault of a police officer ” that allegedly occurred on Sunday , June 27 , just prior to my assault and arrest .
The evidence will show that this is not the case .
Strangely , the case against me mentions my Twitter page , which contains updates from Saturday ’s march , including broken windows and burning police cars .
Again , I have not harmed anything or anyone .
The charge could not be more false .
I was released on bail .
So was Rachel .
We were brought back to our cell .
The clerks still had to type up our release papers .
It was several hours and one cheese sandwich before that was done .
Finally officers came to get us , and walked us outside .
When I was released , the sunlight was absolutely incredible and soul - cleansing .
Hugging Robby and Geoff was like hugging angels .
We still had to drive all the way to Milton , Ontario , back to the Vanier prison to get my possessions , which was difficult in rush - hour traffic .
They were all there , except for my iPhone .
My iPhone may have been held as evidence against me .
I have not been able to reach the Toronto Police Department to determine if they have it in their possession .
This experience has taught me this :
Our wills are stronger than their guns , their bars , or their handcuffs .
The inhumane jailing of 900 persons only helps build the movement that will overtake them and dismantle their systems of oppression , so that the people can build a better world .
Workers discover 18th century ship buried at World Trade Centre site
The remains of a ship dating back to the 18th century have been uncovered by workers close to the the old World Trade Centre site in lower Manhattan .
Archaeologists said the 32ft - long vessel was probably used along with other debris to fill in land to extend New York City into the Hudson River .
Those who examined the find described it as ' significant ' .
Ship - shape : Archaeologists work on the remains of an 18th century ship found buried at the site of the World Trade Centre yesterday
No time : Workers raced to preserve the wood before it disintegrates as it comes into contact with the open air for the first time in centuries
An anchor weighing seven stone was also discovered at the site , although investigators said it was unclear whether it belonged to the newly - unearthed ship .
Archaeologists Molly McDonald and A. Michael Pappalardo examined the ship when it was found by staff about 30ft below street level in a planned underground vehicle security centre .
Dig : Archaeologists with the ship 's hull
Find :
A leather show sole , foud during the dig at the site
A piece of history : Archaeologists take measurements of the wood hull of an 18th century ship at the World Trade Center site
Ms McDonald said : ' We noticed curved timbers that a backhoe [ mechanical digger ] brought up .
' We quickly found the rib of a vessel and continued to clear it away and expose the hull over the last two days . '
New site :
An artist 's impression of the planned World Trade Centre One
The two archaeologists work for AKRF , a firm hired to document artefacts discovered at the site .
They called Tuesday 's find significant but said more study was needed to determine the age of the ship .
' We 're going to send timber samples to a laboratory to do dendochronology that will help us to get a sense of when the boat was constructed , ' said McDonald .
A boat specialist was due at the site today to further investigate the find which is turning into a race against time after the delicate wood was exposed to air .
' I kept thinking of how closely it came to being destroyed , ' Mr Pappalardo said .
The discovery of the ship was made on land which was not disturbed by construction of the original World Trade Centre towers in the 1960s .
The 2001 terrorist attacks destroyed the iconic Twin Towers , prompting a competition to design their replacement .
Work on One World Trade Centre , a single skyscraper originally named Freedom Tower , started in 2006 .
The 1,776ft building is expected to be completed and open by 2013 .
Large :
The first piece of the hull uncovered last summer measured 32ft
Description :
The Multnomah County District Attorney ’s Office confirmed today that a woman who alleged unwanted sexual contact by Al Gore reported it to police in 2006 , and the prosecutor ’s office was briefed by the Portland Police Bureau in late 2006 and January 2007 .
The University of Toronto's Faculty of Arts and Sciences has unveiled a sweeping plan to merge several academic departments and eliminate others , including the Centre for Diaspora and Transnational Studies and the Centre for Ethics .
Simultaneously , the Centre for Comparative Literature is to be reduced to a collaborative program unable to grant degrees .
According to the recommendation , announced on June 28 , the current departments of East Asian Studies , Italian Studies , Germanic Languages and Literatures , Slavic Languages and Literatures , and Spanish and Portuguese are to be amalgamated under a proposed " School of Languages and Literatures " which proponents say promises to " strengthen the profile of teaching and research in languages and literary traditions in the faculty . "
This recommendation is to be voted on in January 2011 ; if passed , the school will be set up next July .
" This school will show the world how much expertise we have , showcase our strengths , attract more excellent students to our undergraduate and graduate programs , and also attract donors , " said Arts and Sciences Dean Meric Gertler .
" We want the school to be a fundraising priority for the next campaign . "
The Faculty of Arts and Sciences plans to cut administrative costs by consolidating departments in a single building under a single director who would be responsible for all language and literature programs .
This immediately raises the concern of fairness -- who is to ensure that all included languages will be represented equally ?
" We would want to assure that the director would work collaboratively with the program coordinators to assure the quality of all programs , " Gertler says .
He also asserts that , by cutting administrative costs , the new school would allow for the continuation of the teaching of smaller languages ( such as Macedonian , Finnish and Portuguese ) currently taught in the individual departments .
When asked why the Departments of English , French , and Near and Middle Eastern Studies were not included in this plan , Gertler stated that English and French are large departments which " have a special place as the national languages of Canada " and " could swamp other units . "
However , he mentioned that the directors of both programs have expressed interest in joining the school .
As for Near and Middle Eastern Studies , " It is already so broad and diverse in its concerns that it was hard to imagine it inside the School , but we are considering the possibility of moving some or all of it into the School in the future . "
This diversity immediately raises the question of East Asian Studies , which focuses on the links between East Asian languages , literature , philosophy , history politics , fine arts and religion .
Under the proposed plan , the linguistics and literary aspects of EAS will be housed within the School , while the scholars who focus on all other aspects will be returned to their home departments .
Such fragmentation is worrying to many students .
James Poborsa , a doctoral candidate focusing on contemporary Chinese political art , says that the plan " would eliminate the university 's commitment to the study of East Asian humanities , leaving only the Asian Institute at the Munk Centre , which conducts research in the social sciences .
With this focus on language and policy - oriented social science research , the consolidation would take our department back into an outdated model of area studies . "
Sean Callaghan , who studies modern Japanese literature and thought , agrees .
" I believe this would mark a dangerous turn in Asian studies within Canada .
The humanities , by its very name , should focus on the larger problems concerning the figure of the human and its place within the larger world of ideas .
To do otherwise would threaten to reproduce the kinds of racisms and orientalisms the field has spent the last 30 years trying to excise . "
Dean Gertler admits that the place of cultural studies in the new school is still to be determined .
Eva-Lynn Jagoe , a professor in the Department of Spanish and Portuguese as well as the Centre for Comparative Literature , considers this a major oversight .
" I think it shows a profound lack of intellectual vision and coherence about the importance of literature and culture , " she says .
" This proposed school stands to function as a service department that will provide language instruction for public policy and international relations students .
It ignores the fact that humanities departments fund the more showy sciences , and demonstrates a short - sightedness about the future of the university as well as the future of the country that will be creating a generation of technocrats with little understanding of cultural formations . "
This situation is especially tragic for the Centre for Comparative Literature , which is to be restructured as a " collaborative program " within the School , essentially a minor in literary theory .
Founded in 1969 by the eminent critic Northrop Frye , this MA and PhD program is committed to crossing cultural , linguistic and disciplinary boundaries .
While Dean Gertler expects the new School to create " new synergies " from different linguistic departments , students and faculty argue that such opportunities for exchange are already provided by the Centre .
A discipline in its own right , comp lit allows for innovative teaching and research that are not possible in other departments .
" It 's not just about multiplying the number of different disciplines you can juggle -- it 's about experimenting with different frames of reference , " says Rebecca Comay , a professor in philosophy at the Centre for Comparative Literature .
" The current proposal completely reverses the movement of intellectual thought over the past two decades .
It points to a narrowing of disciplinary boundaries , a return to older models for the organization of intellectual fields , and an instrumental approach to academic inquiry .
If this goes through , U of T will lose all credibility as a center for progressive work in the humanities . "
The interdisciplinary nature of comp lit also allows students to pursue dissertation topics that could not be completed elsewhere , such as 2009 graduate and current University of Alberta professor Keavy Martin 's work on Inuit literature and culture , which was one of three U of T dissertations chosen for the 2010 Governor General 's Gold Medal , or current student Paula Karger 's work on cultural links between medieval Europe and early colonial Latin America .
" I intend to analyse the popularity of a story which was transmitted from Muslim Andalusia to Spain , France , Brazil , and the Mayan Chilam Balam , focussing on cultural difference , gender , religion , and race , " she says .
" I chose the Centre due to its unique approach toward theory and literature .
I have seen theory be employed by national departments , but never in as flexible nor as effective a manner as in comparative literature , which treats theory as a living , flexible subject which must be questioned and analysed as much as literature itself . "
All currently enrolled students MA and PhD students will be allowed to finish their degrees ( though new MAs will not be able to continue to the PhD ) .
However , many are concerned about the effects of this decision on their professional future .
Adleen Crapo , who turned down multiple offers to move to Canada and study at the centre , comments , " The university 's decision , if not overturned , will hold back all those who attempt to find academic work with their U of T comp lit degrees .
The administration has essentially devalued all of our degrees while demonstrating its contempt for the comparative perspective behind them . "
Finally , students and faculty have noted that the closure of such programs as the Centre for Comparative Literature and the Centre for Ethics , an internationally renowned interdisciplinary research institute on ethical issues , can only bring harm to the university 's international reputation as well as to the teaching and learning of the humanities as a whole .
" U of T will be a poorer and less interesting place without this program , " says doctoral fellow Alex Livingston .
" For a school that claims to be one of the best research institutions in the world , this kind of decision is sure to generate a reputation of self - satisfied mediocrity . "
To find a petition against the closures please click here .
Jeannine M. Pitas is a graduate student at University of Toronto 's Centre for Comparative Literature .
No corporate owner .
No government money .
No endowment .
No cost to visit rabble .ca .
Please become a member of the community that makes rabble happen ( www.rabble.ca/membership).
Recently , a few articles have been published regarding Tor , Wikileaks , and snooping data coming out of the Tor network .
I write to remind our users , and people in search of privacy enhancing technology , that good software is just one part of the solution .
Education is just as important .
This is why there is a warning on the Tor download page about what Tor does and does not do .
We also have a FAQ entry about this topic .
Any plaintext communication over the Internet is open to intercept .
This is true if the transport mechanism is email , http , tor , or carrier pigeons .
Tor does not magically encrypt the Internet from end to end .
Tor does wrap your traffic in encrypted layers as it transports it through the Tor network .
See this diagram for a visual explanation .
Tor provides anonymity and privacy by hiding where your Internet traffic is going and where it came from , but users must protect the security of their traffic by using encryption .
Once you exit the last relay , you are back on the open Internet .
Some web email providers , banks , and other sites use encryption by default when you log in , something you can check by looking for " https : // " at the beginning of a URL .
For more information , check out Ethan Zuckerman 's comments on this topic .
For reference , these articles are unclear and blur concepts about Tor and Wikileaks .
An article about Julian Assange of Wikileaks in The New Yorker is the source of the confusion .
Ryan Sholin deliberates on one paragraph from the New Yorker story .
Ethan Zuckerman responded to Ryan 's thoughts about Tor here .
We thanked EthanZ for the accurate response in an Identi.ca dent .
It seems Slashdot and Wired Threat Level have picked up on just that one statement in the article by the New Yorker .
We hear from the Wikileaks folks that the premise behind these news articles is actually false -- they did n't bootstrap Wikileaks by monitoring the Tor network .
But that 's not the point .
The point is that users who want to be safe need to be encrypting their traffic , whether they 're using Tor or not .
Stop and search powers under review as European Court reject UK appeal
by Adam Wagner
The European Court of Human Rights has rejected the United Kingdom ’s application to appeal its decision in a recent finding that stop and search powers enacted as part of anti-terrorism legislation breached human rights law .
In January 2010 the European Court held that section 44 of the Terrorism Act 2000 ( the broad police power to stop and search without suspicion ) violates the right to respect for private life guaranteed by Article 8 of the Convention on Human Rights ( Gillan and Quinton v. UK 4158/05 [ 2010 ] ECHR 28 ( 12 January 2010 ) ) .
The claimants received £ 500 each by way of compensation .
The European Court has now rejected the UK ’s application to appeal to the court ’s Grand Chamber , meaning that the decision is final .
This leaves stop and search powers in further disarray .
The Home Secretary has already announced an “ urgent review ” of the powers after the recent admission by the Home Office that thousands of individual searches had been conducted illegally ( see our recent post ) .
The Home Secretary reiterated a promise made in the Coalition agreement to conduct a “ robust review ” of counter - terrorism legislation .
Liberty , the human rights organisation , have renewed calls for urgent reform , following their long - standing campaign .
The Government may choose to ignore the decision and argue that the stop and search powers fall within its margin of appreciation for deciding which anti-terrorist laws are best to protect the public .
Although decisions of the European Court are technically binding , states sometimes choose to disregard them , as demonstrated by the repeated decisions on prisoner voting have been ignored for five years by the UK .
However , the government will be well aware that European Court has recently grown sharper teeth for dealing with intransigent states , and ignoring this judgment may leave the UK on the receiving end of the increased powers .
Read more :
The nation ’s debt leapt $ 166 billion in a single day last week , the third - largest increase in U.S. history , and it comes at a time when Congress is balking over higher spending and debt has become a key policy battleground .
The one - day increase for June 30 totaled $ 165,931,038,264.30 - bigger than the entire annual deficit for fiscal year 2007 and larger than the $ 140 billion in savings the new health care bill will produce over its first 10 years .
The figure works out to nearly $ 1,500 for every U.S. household , or more than 10 times the median daily household income .
Daily debt calculations jump and fall , and big shifts are common .
But all three of the biggest one - day debt increases have occurred under the tenure of President Obama , and all of the top six have been in the past two years - an indication of just how quickly the pace of deficit spending has risen under Mr. Obama and President George W. Bush .
“ What matters is the overall trend line , and the overall trend line is shooting up , ” said Robert Bixby , executive director of the Concord Coalition , a bipartisan deficit watchdog group , who said it is one more reason for a fiscal wake - up call .
Fears over red ink have stalled key parts of Mr. Obama ’s agenda in Congress in recent weeks , including his push for another round of stimulus spending .
Just last week , House Democrats had to use a tricky parliamentary tactic to pass an emergency war - spending bill , aid for teachers and new spending caps .
On Wednesday , the Congressional Budget Office said the government has recorded a $ 1 trillion deficit for the first nine months of fiscal 2010 , which began Oct.
1 . That ’s slightly down from 2009 ’s record $ 1.1 trillion deficit at this point .
CBO said revenues are doing slightly better this year than last year , while spending is down about $ 73 billion , mainly because the government made giant payments last year to bail out Wall Street , but did not have similar expenses this year .
Other spending is higher , including unemployment benefits , which have jumped nearly 50 percent .
Deficits are the difference between what the government raises in revenue versus what it spends each year , while debt is the accumulation of those deficits over many years .
The Treasury Department calculates the country ’s debt position each day , and big rises and falls are not unusual .
In fact , since hitting $ 13.203 trillion on June 30 , the figure has since slipped $ 25 billion to settle at $ 13.178 trillion as of Tuesday , the latest day for which figures are available .
June 30 is always a major day for new debt , since debt held by one part of the government to another - for example , IOUs to the Social Security trust fund - are rolled over , a spokeswoman for the Bureau of the Public Debt said .
All told , this June 30 , the government reported issuing $ 760 billion in new debts and redeeming $ 594 billion , for a new net debt of $ 166 billion that day .
White House officials said that big a jump is not the norm and that Mr. Obama has worked with the hand he was dealt by Mr. Bush .
He has had to push spending to try to jump - start the economy and create jobs , even as he has also pledged to work in the long term to reduce annual deficits and bring the debt under control .
The budget he submitted to Congress earlier this year calls for a mix of tax increases and spending reductions , including a freeze on non-security discretionary spending , that would reduce deficits by $ 1 trillion over the next decade .
Mr. Obama has also named a bipartisan commission to recommend major changes that could help reduce the deficit to about 3 percent of gross domestic product , and stabilize the debt held by the public - a somewhat different figure than total debt - at about 60 percent of GDP , which the administration argues are more sustainable levels .
Testifying to that commission last week , CBO Director Douglas W. Elmendorf said to reach the sustainable debt goal the government will have to raise taxes by 25 percent , cut spending by 20 percent or do some combination of the two .
“ That would require , for example , roughly a one - half increase in personal income tax revenue .
On the other hand , if the change came entirely from spending … that would represent , for example , the near elimination of all government programs except for Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid and national defense , ” he said .
The White House said CBO ’s scenario does n’t take into account some of Mr. Obama ’s proposals , such as long - term cuts in spending resulting from the new health care law .
Still , Mr. Bixby , the deficit watchdog , said the size of the numbers CBO laid out to the commission shows the tough choices that await Congress .
He said the solution will have to be a combination of revenue increases and changes to major programs such as Social Security and Medicare , which are growing at a faster rate than the economy as a whole .
Total public debt includes two pots of money .
One is normal government debt in the form of Treasury bills and bonds held by consumers , while the other is intragovernmental holdings , or money one part of the government borrows from another agency .
That includes money borrowed from the Social Security trust funds .
Some analysts say the key measure is not the total public debt , but the debt in the hands of consumers .
That figure stood at $ 8.628 trillion on Tuesday .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Tea Party Chairman , Mark Williams , was kicked out of his post over the weekend , after he posted a racist blog in response to calling on the Tea Party to purge its ranks of racists .
Without going into what Williams said , understand he broke the number one rule of organizations where racists are harbored : “ Thou Shalt Not Publicly Speak Our Truths . ”
The NAACP ( and everybody else ) would ’ve only been able to speculate the ideology of the group had certain acts not occurred .
Listening to provocative speakers ( Sarah Palin , Rand Paul ) does not a racist organization make .
Promulgation of false truths that make up the philosophy of the group and cause the group to act in a certain way ( exclude , attack , discriminate ) does a racist organization make .
When Tea Party members spat on John Lewis prior to the health care vote , shouted the N - word at other black Congress Members and verbally assaulted gay Congressman , Barney Frank , and the crowd refused to give the person up ( say who did it ) , the movement validated the claim that it was harboring racists .
The NAACP called them out at their national convention last week .
I know I ’ve been hard on the NAACP the past few weeks , but this is the advocacy the NAACP is supposed to be doing .
Monitoring racial temperament , responding to legal assault on our constitutional rights and shining their huge spotlight on racial hypocrisy is the NAACP ’s job .
This chasing talking greeting cards and advocating for recreational marijuana stuff is a bunch of bullsh*t .
The NAACP put their finger on the pulse of the next racial movement in America , hiding in the Tea Party movement .
And it is just below the surface .
My mom used to say , if you want to know who ’s guilty , throw a rock at a bush and watch who jumps out , whether the rock hits ’em or not .
The guilty party will scream the loudest , or run the fastest .
The NAACP threw the rock , Williams jumped and screamed hard , saying there were no racists in the Tea Party , then wrote racist diatribe that got him booted .
It ’s the same in any company , government , or social environment .
You think what you want to .
You can act in unison on your ideology in private setting and in unspoken terms .
But once you make it public , that ’s a no - no .
Racism is not over .
But overt racism is n’t readily accepted , just yet .
The Tea Party Express , the counter - populous movement to Obama “ Change ” populism , is on the verge of taking over the Republican Party as the party seeks to reconstitute its base and its ideology .
Their mock dissatisfaction over the state of the country is the baseline of a reconstituted ideology they know the Republican Party needs to listen to .
The subtext of their existence , however , is to contain and marginalize President Barack Obama , which is consistent with the Republican Party ’s objective of marginalizing the Democratic Party over the next two election cycles .
The biggest core of the Tea Party membership are Southerners , Mid-Westerners , and poor whites who did n’t vote for Barack Obama , and are still shocked that the rest of the country overcame their racial insensibilities to elect a black President .
There is no other justification for their persistent objection to anything the President does .
But the Tea Party movement was adamant about their cause being about the issues .
It ’s what racists have claimed for 235 years , that American society is about rights ( mainly theirs , everybody else ’s can be stepped on ) and not about race .
It ’s why racists wore hoods and sheets in public , and why their powerful societies that controlled political and economic affairs were always secret .
The less you know about what they think , the less you can respond to how they think , even though the social , political and economic outcomes will tell you what they think .
No one ever publicly embraced what Strom Thurmond said in 1948 during the “ States Rights ” Party formation that allowed Harry Truman to win the election .
Dixiecrats momentarily left the party because Truman desegregated the military .
But when Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott said “ We would have avoided all these problems had we voted for Thurmond ” in 2002 , he had to give up his seat .
Verbalizing such thoughts was no longer popular .
No one ever publicly embraced what Bull Connor did in Birmingham in 1963 , but when President Lyndon Johnson ended segregation by signing the 1964 Civil Rights Act , Dixiecrats permanently left the Democratic Party , switching to the Republican Party in 1968 .
Even when the Democrats elected the first Southern President in over 100 years , eight years later ( Jimmy Carter in 1976 ) , those with a “ peculiar ” ideology waere n’t with him .
And the code words flew with Ronald Reagan ’s announcement for President in Philadelphia , Mississippi , three years later .
The anti-taxation , individual rights , no race quota , family values conversation , froth with racial inferences , took the country back for two decades .
Obama populism caught this segment of the population off guard .
It did n’t catch the Republicans off guard .
They knew they had run the party in the ground with an antiquated ideology , and the country in the ground with it .
They were looking for a way to recover and the Tea Party is the branch of the tree lowest hanging .
Not one of the Republican Party frontrunners has repudiated any comments coming from the Tea Party .
Most have appeared at one event or another .
Most are tracking the growth of the Tea Party base , despite the antics tied to their message .
But vocalizing racism and putting racists up front will temper the movement and re-empower Democrats .
That ’s the last thing the Tea Party and the Republicans wants .
Do n’t look for Tea Party activists to try to run racists hiding in their ranks out of the movement .
For they can no more disavow the racists in their own Party than they could disavow their white grandfathers that raised them but said things that made them “ uncomfortable . ”
They ’ll just have to learn to keep their unspoken truths to themselves .
Anthony Asadullah Samad
Anthony Asadullah Samad , Ph.D. , is a national columnist , managing director of the Urban Issues Forum and author of the upcoming book , REAL EYEZ : Race , Reality and Politics in 21 Century Politics .
He can be reached at www.AnthonySamad.com.
Candidate : Keep state 's complexion white
By RAY DUCKLER
Monitor columnist
Last modified : 7/11/2010 12:00:00 AM
It 's a matter of black and white , says Ryan Murdough , Republican candidate for the State House in Grafton County 's 8th District .
No room for gray area .
And no room for Asians or Hispanics or Jews or African - Americans or American Indians , either .
Just Americans .
Real Americans .
Plymouth Rock Americans .
White Americans who bleed red , white and blue .
Uncle Sam wants them .
To anyone else , do n't let Lady Liberty hit you on the butt on your way out of New York Harbor .
You 're not welcome here .
" I would like to preserve what we have before it gets totally out of control , " Murdough , a 30 - year - old father of two young boys , said last week .
" The more it becomes non-white , the more it 's going to become a much different place to live , for white people especially . "
He does n't have red horns and carry a pitchfork .
He does n't have a little square black mustache or do the goosestep .
And there are no white sheets hanging on a clothesline in his backyard .
Murdough says he 's nonviolent , that his vision for a new America can be achieved without resorting to genocide or imprisonment .
So please , do n't call him a racist .
He says that 's not true .
" I would ask you about your version of racist , " Murdough said .
" The word does not have a specific definition .
If someone says , ' You seem to hate people who are n't white , '
I say no , so I can't really be a racist , because I do n't hate them .
I just do n't want to live around areas that are heavily , predominantly non-white . "
He caused a storm recently with a letter to the Monitor that stated his allegiance to the American Third Position , a political party that represents interests of white Americans .
The Republican Party immediately ducked for cover and disowned him as a candidate on their ticket .
Murdough wrote that the state 's residents " must seek to preserve their racial identity .
. . .
Legal non-white immigration , anti-white public school systems and anti-white media have done much damage to the United States of America and especially New Hampshire . "
" I knew when I wrote the letter it would get some attention , " Murdough said , relaxing outside his condominium on a broiling afternoon .
He says his parents and other family members do n't share his views , but they can still eat turkey together at Thanksgiving .
He has two boys , 3 and 2 , with another child on the way .
He says his children can make up their own minds about the country .
" Now they 're playing with Legos , " Murdough said .
" But I do n't see myself force - feeding them anything . "
His opinions emerged after high school in Florida and later at New Hampton School here .
He went back to Florida after high school and attended a six - month school for personal training , where he learned kinesiology , weight training and anatomy .
After graduating , he learned something else before moving back to New Hampshire and settling with his wife .
" The older you get , the wiser you get , " Murdough said .
" I started to observe things , after high school especially . . . things that I found that were wrong and unjust .
I started educating myself politically and religiously and racially .
It started coming together , and they all just made sense . "
He spoke about theories that were hard to digest , speculating that DNA and committing crimes could be related .
" I 'll be the first one to say there 's good and bad in all races , " Murdough said .
" But you can't ignore overall group differences because of individual exceptions .
" Listen , just because I choose not to live in those types of neighborhoods does n't mean I 'm a racist , " he continued .
" I 'd just rather live in a place that would be safer for my kids , and most of the those places happen to be white .
New Hampshire is an example . "
Murdough reveres the founding fathers , but Abraham Lincoln ?
" One of the worst presidents ever .
He waged war against the South . "
Martin Luther King Jr.?
Do n't get him started .
King was a prostitute - chasing communist who plagiarized his work in college , Murdough says .
The heck with the civil rights movement King led .
Murdough does n't believe in that cause anyway .
" He was n't out for civil rights , " Murdough said .
" He was out for the black man .
If you argue against something that 's politically correct , such as Martin Luther King Jr. and Jewish issues , you 're persona non grata . "
Ah yes , the Jews .
They need not apply for residency here , either .
" I 've even read some things where Jews are considered white because of their skin , " Murdough said .
" Technically , they 're a different race than white people .
They 're Semitic ; that 's not white . "
Even though whites were n't America 's original settlers , Murdough says American Indians would have to leave , too , just like members of all other non-white races .
We came , we saw , we conquered .
Too bad .
" What happened with them was unfortunate , " Murdough said .
" But the way lands are taken over is the way it works .
They were here , the Western settlers took over and the rest is history . "
The conversation continued along these lines , from a man who says immigration of any kind must stop so America can be white as snow .
He tempered his comments along the way , separating himself from the Klan and Hitler by mentioning his job .
Murdough works with special - needs kids at the Spaulding Youth Center in Tilton .
" I work directly with kids that are not white and people that are not white on a daily basis , " Murdough said .
" I do n't have a problem working with them .
That would be immature to be mean to someone based on skin color . "
Ray Duckler can be reached at rduckler@cmonitor.com .
Published online 28 July 2010 | Nature 466 , 548-551 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/466548a
Corrected online :
News Feature
Feeding the world is going to require the scientific and financial muscle of agricultural biotechnology companies .
Natasha Gilbert asks whether they 're up to the task .
Do Not Water , says the small notice by the pots of withered , brown maize seedlings , the genetically unlucky ones in an experiment testing maize 's tolerance to drought .
Five minutes after stepping into the huge greenhouse in which these plants are attempting to grow at the research headquarters of Monsanto in St Louis , Missouri , I am beginning to feel genetically disadvantaged too .
Sweat is beading on my skin .
Like the desiccated plants , I am clearly not cut out for the fierce summer temperatures that the greenhouse 's climate is set to imitate .
Just next to them though , a row of green , sprightly seedlings is faring better thanks to a gene that researchers inserted from the bacterium Bacillus subtilis .
Just as lively is Dianah Majee , the plant biologist showing me around .
Her face has n't even worked up a shine .
These green plants and the scientists that produced them are unusual in ways not visible to the eye .
They are Monsanto 's entry in a race to make the first transgenic , drought - tolerant maize ( corn ) that is commercially available to farmers .
The race is tight .
But after more than 20 years of research and development ( R&D ) , Monsanto says it is now two years away from launching the seeds onto the market .
And within the next few years , the company and its major competitors hope to bring to market other transgenic crops , resistant to stresses such as soils starved of nitrogen , phosphorus and other essential nutrients .
In pursuing these crops , Monsanto and the other giants of agricultural biotechnology are making a significant departure from what until now has been a mainstay of their business : developing and selling pesticide - or herbicide - resistance crops , such as Monsanto 's
Bt maize .
When these plants were first introduced in the 1990s they produced dramatic increases in yield for farmers — and a windfall in profits for the companies supplying the seed .
But the yields have peaked , and so have the profits .
Now the next big commercial gains lie in crops that can withstand water - and nutrient - deficient soils .
US farmers lose on average 10 – 15 % of their annual yield because of drought and water stress .
Maize containing a drought - resistant bacterial gene is put to the test at Monsanto .
N. GILBERT
Crops that can beat these stresses are also a vital part of the solution to the global food crisis .
If the 9 billion people expected to inhabit the world by 2050 are to be fed , then farms in low - income countries must grow more food , sustainably , on water - and nutrient - poor soils ( see page 546 ) .
Researchers and policy - makers realize that they can't meet the food - security challenge without the private sector , which makes up a significant share of the global agricultural research effort ( see ' Public vs private ' ) .
Monsanto's annual research budget alone is US $ 1.2 billion , just topping the US federal government 's total spend on agricultural science of $ 1.1 billion in 2007 ( the most recent figures available ) .
In contrast , the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research ( CGIAR ) , the world - leading group of centres carrying out agricultural R&D for developing countries , has an annual budget of $ 500 million .
Getting together
So in their demand for hardier crops , the commercial aims of the biotechnology companies and the requirements of the developing world have aligned — and companies such as Monsanto hope to fulfil them .
In June 2008 , Monsanto pledged to double yields in its core crops of maize , soya bean and cotton by 2030 over 2000 levels .
In September of the same year , Monsanto 's chairman promised to " improve the lives of an additional 5 million resource - poor farmers " , in large part by making some of its seed technology available to increase their productivity .
Other companies have made similar pledges .
“ The idea that these farmers get free handouts forever is not sustainable . ”
All this leads to another reason why the green , transgenic seedlings in the stifling Missouri greenhouse stand out .
In 2008 , Monsanto partnered with the African Agricultural Technology Foundation , a non-profit research organization in Nairobi , Kenya , to apply the techniques and discoveries it has made with its commercial drought - tolerant maize to developing drought - tolerant varieties for subsistence farmers in sub-Saharan Africa , to be available as quickly as possible after commercialization in the United States .
The partnership , which is also funded with $ 47 million in grants from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in Seattle , Washington , and the Howard G. Buffett Foundation in Decatur , Illinois , is one of a handful of exceptionally large projects established in recent years in which public and private sectors have joined forces to tackle food scarcity in developing countries .
The companies say that these investments are just good business sense because they will create future customers as developing - world farmers gradually move from subsistence to profits , making money to spend on seed .
The companies also see an opportunity to buff their corporate images with a humanitarian cloth .
Slow progress
It will take more than buffing to overcome critics ' deep scepticism about commercial biotechnology .
Genetically modified ( GM ) crops , they say , have so far done little for the developing world .
Earlier humanitarian initiatives have yet to reach fruition .
Golden rice , for example — transgenic rice designed to combat vitamin A malnutrition — has been in development since 1990 ( see page 561 ) .
Critics ask what has taken so long ; they worry that industry 's grasp on intellectual property is holding up research progress ; they question why these supposedly transformative transgenic technologies have yet to put food in the hungriest bellies .
" I do n't think the private sector is doing enough , " says Achim Dobermann , deputy director general for research at CGIAR 's International Rice Research Institute ( IRRI ) in Manila , the Philippines .
Roger Beachy , director of the US Department of Agriculture 's National Institute of Food and Agriculture in Washington DC , wonders how far the agricultural biotech companies are willing to go .
" Have they made as much progress in developing countries as they should have ? " he asks .
" What do they see as their responsibility in the developing world ? "
To many scientists , the answers to these questions are hidden behind a corporate facade .
Which is why I 'm here , slowly wilting in Monsanto 's greenhouse , and why I travelled to two other giants in the sector — Pioneer Hi-Bred in neighbouring Iowa , and the UK research headquarters of Swiss company Syngenta — to tour their labs , greenhouses and test fields , where the next generation of crops are sprouting .
I wanted to see them and talk to senior researchers and executives about the future of their science , their business — and , inextricably , the future of the planet 's food .
I sit in the small waiting room of Monsanto 's main building , A , with its single bench and friendly security guard .
Buildings B through to Z are scattered around the manicured gardens and endless car parks that make up the rest of its headquarters .
Monsanto employs around 5,000 scientists and technical assistants worldwide and splits its R&D budget equally between biotechnology and traditional plant breeding .
( Monsanto , like the other companies I visited , does not break down how much of the budget is spent on its humanitarian projects . )
“ Without the cooperation of the private sector we would probably never have been able to solve the intellectual - property mess . ”
For its GM crop work , Monsanto 's scientists screen hundreds or even thousands of genes from plants , bacteria and other organisms for ones that might endow plants with a desired trait .
The drought - tolerant B. subtilis gene , cspB , that they found helps bacteria deal with environmental stress such as cold temperature .
When inserted into maize plants it helps them cope with drought by disentangling RNA , which folds up abnormally when the plant is water - starved .
The theory is that the energy the plant would have spent fixing drought - entangled RNA can now be sunk into grain .
Away from the sweltering greenhouses , posters provide a regular reminder of Monsanto's ' pledge ' to the world in six different languages .
The company promises dialogue , transparency , respect , sharing and benefits .
And Bob Reiter , vice - president for breeding technologies at Monsanto , is up front about the company 's business - minded approach to its humanitarian work .
Crops that will make the company money in the short term , in richer countries , could also eventually make money in lower income ones .
" The initial approach is to help the subsistence farmer get on his feet , " he says .
" There has to be a humanitarian element to it .
But you have to think about what a viable agricultural industry in Africa looks like , and the idea that these farmers get free handouts forever is not sustainable . "
Long - term plan
It is with these sentiments that Monsanto entered into its public–private partnership with the African Agricultural Technology Foundation .
It is not giving away the green strain that I saw thriving in the greenhouses .
It is giving away the resources it used to make it — such as the sequence of the cspB gene , plus information about other drought - tolerant genes and traits that the researchers are introducing into maize through traditional breeding .
Crops developed through the partnership will be made available royalty free to subsistence farmers .
If a country moves from subsistence farming to commercial farming then , in theory , the company could start charging for the seed .
But first Monsanto has to get its ' first generation ' drought - tolerant maize into fields in the developed world .
The company has finished testing the seed ; now it has to secure regulatory approval from US federal agencies and scale up seed manufacture .
Researchers at Monsanto are already working on ' second generation ' crops — the details of which the company is keeping close to its chest — that can grow in a wider range of environments across the United States .
Behind the rows of silver doors to the company 's 108 growth chambers , an even hardier strain of maize is surely growing .
Mechanized engineering
One state north of Missouri , on the outskirts of the small midwestern town of Johnston , Iowa , the last few rows of houses suddenly drop away and a sea of young green maize rolls up to the horizon .
In patches the maize has turned yellow and its growth is stunted .
Recent intense rainstorms have flooded parts of the fields , washing nutrients from the soil that are vital to the crop 's healthy growth , including nitrogen fertilizers .
Pioneer Hi-Bred , part of the chemical giant DuPont , saw an opportunity here to increase its customers ' yields .
When global nitrogen fertilizer prices peaked in 2008 at more than $ 450 a tonne , nearly double the previous year 's cost , the company ramped up a research project that it had begun in 2005 to develop maize hybrids that produce the same yield on less fertilizer .
Some of Pioneer Hi-Bred 's experimental maize .
Pioneer
Pioneer is n't quite the biotech behemoth that Monsanto is : in 2009 DuPont spent $ 734 million on its agriculture and nutrition R&D , which includes Pioneer Hi-Bred 's work on seeds and crop protection .
The company has now mechanized much of the process of linking the genes inserted into plants to desired traits .
A robot hauls maize plants off conveyor belts ; another takes digital images to rapidly assess how novel genes have changed the plants ' growth .
In Pioneer 's case , researchers hit on one possible gene in the red alga Porphyra perforata , which can grow in environments with nitrogen levels 100 times lower than maize .
The gene codes for the enzyme nitrate reductase , which converts nitrate into nitrite .
" We do n't really know how it works , " says Dale Loussaert , a senior scientist working on the project , of the algal gene .
Even so , he says , " the plant models in the lab look promising .
The yields look good . "
The company does not expect to have a product on the market for another 10 – 12 years though .
Pioneer has agreed to donate the transgenic technologies , molecular markers and other resources associated with its nitrogen - use project to a public–private partnership .
The Improved Maize for African Soils ( IMAS ) project was launched in February 2010 .
It is led by the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre ( CIMMYT ) in Mexico , part of the CGIAR , and it received $ 19.5 million from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the United States Agency for International Development .
The maize varieties that will be developed through IMAS will be made available royalty free to seed companies that sell to small - scale farmers in sub-Saharan Africa .
Pioneer is also involved in a project to increase the nutritional content of sorghum , a crop that is a staple food for hundreds of millions of people throughout Africa and Asia .
Sorghum has high levels of phytate — the form in which phosphorous is stored in plants — which binds strongly to essential amino acids , vitamin A , iron and zinc , so these nutrients are not available in a digestible form .
Consequently , people who depend on sorghum as their main food source are often malnourished .
Since it joined in 2005 , the company has donated technologies worth $ 4.8 million to the scheme , led by African Harvest , a non-profit foundation based in Nairobi , Kenya .
Florence Wambugu , founder and chief executive of African Harvest , used to sit on a science advisory panel for DuPont , and so knew that the company was developing technologies that would be useful to African Harvest 's sorghum project .
She approached the company for help .
" It is not just the technology donation ; this wo n't amount to a product .
We had to get outside expertise to help manage the money and people , and ensure we are meeting milestones , " she says .
Marc Albertsen , a senior research fellow at Pioneer Hi-Bred and co-principal investigator on the sorghum project , says that tests in June showed that transgenic sorghum varieties developed by Pioneer produced 80 % less phytate but 20 % more iron and 30 % more zinc than conventional varieties .
Such results are not going to assuage the critics .
Gregory Graff , an agricultural economist at Colorado State University in Fort Collins , says that the majority of companies ' R&D spending and effort still goes towards blockbuster crops with traits , such as pest control , that benefit agribusiness , leaving neglected many crops that are important in the developing world .
" They bring out one or two examples of public good research , such as drought - resistant varieties and golden rice , but research on these has been going on for a very long time and none are actually ready yet , " he says .
Graff says that the lack of progress is in large part a consequence of the hold that the private sector has on intellectual - property rights to crucial technology , such as genetic markers , and the sequences of key genes and ' promoters ' that drive gene expression .
Dobermann , of the IRRI , agrees that access to intellectual property is a problem .
His institution would like to experiment with traits to improve the drought tolerance of plants and their efficiency in using nitrogen , but there are " so many restrictions " on the use of patented technology that researchers at his institute concluded " it was not worth getting into , " he says .
" We either have to reinvent the technology ourselves or use a second - class solution , " he says .
John Bedbrook , vice - president of agricultural biotechnology at DuPont , agrees that " tensions " over access to intellectual property exist , but says the company has to remain " dispassionate " .
Without intellectual property , he says , companies would have little incentive to invest in the research to begin with .
But , he adds , companies could be " more open source with enabling technologies " such as promoters .
Reiter says that restrictions on access to intellectual property are often misconceived .
When public researchers ask the company for access to patented technology , he says , it often turns out that the subject of their research was not actually covered by a patent .
All this leaves a question : what has really been holding up these projects ?
The real delays
Syngenta 's research greenhouses .
Syngenta
This was the issue that I discussed at Syngenta , whose modern UK research headquarters sit in 260 hectares of verdant English farmland near Bracknell .
Syngenta has a history in public–private partnerships through the golden rice project , which AstraZeneca ( the agribusiness part of which became Syngenta ) joined in 2001 .
Syngenta worked to increase the amount of a precursor of vitamin A in the rice and make seeds available royalty free to subsistence farmers in sub-Saharan Africa , but the company retains commercial rights elsewhere .
( The IRRI , part of the Golden Rice Humanitarian Board , which now directs the project , expects to introduce seeds to farmers by 2012 . )
But some critics view golden rice as an agonizing failure because it has taken so long , and have been highly distrustful of the company 's involvement , assuming that the project was mired because of the numerous patents involved .
Not true , says Ingo Potrykus , chairman of the Golden Rice Humanitarian Board and , as an academic researcher , one of the inventors of golden rice .
He says that the team initially thought that they had to obtain free licences for 70 patents protecting technologies used in the rice development .
But when Syngenta joined the project , its lawyers found that only a handful of these patents applied to the countries where golden rice was targeted .
So in fact , he says , intellectual property has not been a major problem .
" Without the cooperation of the private sector we would probably never have been able to solve the intellectual - property mess and the project would have ended at this stage , " says Potrykus .
Mike Bushell , Syngenta 's chief scientist , says complex technology and regulations are the real hold - ups for transgenic crops .
" R&D takes around 10 years and then you have to go through the regulatory stage , " he says .
Bushell says critics overlook how long it takes to develop crop varieties with complex traits such as drought tolerance , which involve many genes and are greatly influenced by environmental conditions .
And passing regulatory hurdles involves reams of tests showing , for example , that a gene is stably and safely expressed .
As we stroll past Syngenta 's ' monsoon machine ' , which recreates harsh weather conditions , the discussion turns to the volatile topic of GM crops and their regulation .
In 2004 –05 , the company moved the bulk of its GM research out of Europe and to the United States , in part because of Europe 's difficult climate for GM research and the nonexistent market .
But this year has seen some signs that the continent 's strict stance on GM crops is softening ( see D. Butler Nature doi:10.1038/news.2010.112 ; 2010 ) .
That could be good news for the developing world , Bushell says .
Although he acknowledges that transgenic crops are not the only solution to increased food production , particularly in the developing world , he argues that they are an important component in a tool box that also includes improved agronomic practices and traditional breeding methods .
Nicholas Kalaitzandonakes , an agricultural economist at the University of Missouri - Columbia who tracks the agricultural biotech industry , says that the industry is making a substantial investment in these public–private partnerships .
" I have the impression that people in the industry know they can't make money on [ these products ] in developing countries but they honestly want to make it available .
But they also want to watch their backs . "
If something goes wrong — for example the research fails , the partnership breaks down , or a transgene contaminates local commercial supplies — a company could face heavy financial liability and public relations fall - out , Kalaitzandonakes says .
" It 's not a simple thing to manage risk and potential risk . "
ADVERTISEMENT
This cautiousness is partly why only a handful of these partnerships exist .
Yet Kalaitzandonakes is optimistic that once one product comes on the market — be it golden rice , a drought - tolerant maize or a biofortified sorghum — then businesses , governments and the public will become more confident in backing the next .
The optimism is tangible at Syngenta too .
Earlier this year the company started a project with the CIMMYT to research and develop more productive wheat varieties for farmers in the developing world .
Bushell says that the company has learnt a lot from its involvement in helping to develop golden rice .
Outside , fields of winter wheat are bordered by an unruly metre - wide strip of wild grasses and flowers designed to attract bees and other pollinating insects .
This farming practice , which Syngenta is hoping to encourage across Europe , is also part of the company 's efforts to make agriculture sustainable .
The world 's future food depends not just on crops , however cleverly they are engineered — the ecosystems to support them must have a future too .
See Editorial , page 531 , and food special at http://www.nature.com/food.
Letter to Obadiah the Proselyte ( from A Maimonides Reader , ed. Isadore Twersky .
West Orange : Behrman House , 1972 )
Maimonides
Thus says Moses , the son of Rabbi Maimon , one of the exiles from Jerusalem , who lived in Spain :
I received the question of the master Obadiah , the wise and learned proselyte , may the Lord reward him for his work , may a perfect recompense be bestowed upon him by the Lord of Israel , under whose wings he has sought cover .
You ask me if you , too , are allowed to say in the blessings and prayers you offer alone or in the congregation : “ Our God ” and “ God of our fathers , ” “ You who have sanctified us through Your commandments , ” “ You who have separated us , ” “ You who have chosen us , ” “ You who have inherited us , ” “ You who have brought us out of the land of Egypt , ” “ You who have worked miracles to our fathers , ” and more of this kind .
Yes , you may say all this in the prescribed order and not change it in the least .
In the same way as every Jew by birth says his blessing and prayer , you , too , shall bless and pray alike , whether you are alone or pray in the congregation .
The reason for this is , that Abraham our Father taught the people , opened their minds , and revealed to them the true faith and the unity of God ; he rejected the idols and abolished their adoration ; he brought many children under the wings of the Divine Presence ; he gave them counsel and advice , and ordered his sons and the members of his household after him to keep the ways of the Lord forever , as it is written , “ For I have known him to the end that he may command his children and his household after him , that they may keep the way of the Lord , to do righteousness and justice ” ( Gen. 18:19 ) .
Ever since then whoever adopts Judaism and confesses the unity of the Divine Name , as it is prescribed in the Torah , is counted among the disciples of Abraham our Father , peace be with him .
These men are Abraham ’s household , and he it is who converted them to righteousness .
In the same way as he converted his contemporaries through his words and teaching , he converts future generations through the testament he left to his children and household after him .
Thus Abraham our Father , peace be with him , is the father of his pious posterity who keep his ways , and the father of his disciples and of all proselytes who adopt Judaism .
Therefore you shall pray , “ Our God ” and “ God of our fathers , ” because Abraham , peace be with him , is your father .
And you shall pray , “ You who have taken for his own our fathers , ” for the land has been given to Abraham , as it is said , “ Arise , walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it ; for I will give to you ” ( Gen. 13:17 ) .
As to the words , “ You who have brought us out of the land of Egypt ” or “ You who have done miracles to our fathers ” – these you may change , if you will , and say , “ You who have brought Israel out of the land of Egypt ” and “ You who have done miracles to Israel . ”
If , however , you do not change them , it is no transgression , because since you have come under the wings of the Divine Presence and confessed the Lord , no difference exists between you and us , and all miracles done to us have been done as it were to us and to you .
Thus is it said in the Book of Isaiah , “ Neither let the son of the stranger , that has joined himself to the Lord , speak , saying , ‘ The Lord has utterly separated me from His people ' ” ( Is. 56:3 ) .
There is no difference whatever between you and us .
You shall certainly say the blessing , “ Who has chosen us , ” “ Who has given us , ” “ Who have taken us for Your own ” and “ Who has separated us ” : for the Creator , may He be extolled , has indeed chosen you and separated you from the nations and given you the Torah .
For the Torah has been given to us and to the proselytes , as it is said , “ One ordinance shall be both for you of the congregation , and also for the stranger that sojourns with you , an ordinance for ever in your generations ; as you are , so shall the stranger be before the Lord ” ( Num. 15:15 ) .
Know that our fathers , when they came out of Egypt , were mostly idolaters ; they had mingled with the pagans in Egypt and imitated their way of life , until the Holy One , may He be blessed , sent Moses our Teacher , the master of all prophets , who separated us from the nations and brought us under the wings of the Divine Presence , us and all proselytes , and gave to all of us one Law .
Do not consider your origin as inferior .
While we are the descendants of Abraham , Issac , and Jacob , you derive from Him through whose word the world was created .
As is said by Isaiah : “ One shall say , I am the Lord ’s , and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob ” ( Is. 44:5 ) .
Comment :
The audience of the letter is fairly obvious ; a Gentile has converted to Judaism and is wondering how he fits in .
“ May a perfect recompense be bestowed upon him by the Lord of Israel , under whose wings he has sought cover ” – the reference is perhaps to Psalm 91 , which is about the protection the Lord offers against many things , including the “ many ” itself ( Psalm 91:7 ) .
The audience is wondering about himself and whether he belongs with regards to seven things that are said in a “ prescribed order . ”
There ’s making proclamation to God / God of our fathers ; being sanctified through the commandments ; being separated ; being chosen ; being inherited ; being delivered and finally having miracles given to one ’s ancestry .
The list moves in a circle to where it started , “ God of our fathers . ”
The central element , though , is “ choice . ”
Inasmuch as “ choice ” hints at the concept of reason , it does not cease to be a theme in this letter :
… Abraham our Father taught the people , opened their minds , and revealed to them the true faith and the unity of God ; he rejected the idols and abolished their adoration ; he brought many children under the wings of the Divine Presence ; he gave them counsel and advice , and ordered his sons and the members of his household after him to keep the ways of the Lord forever …
Teaching and the opening of minds are prerequisite to the “ true faith ” and “ unity ” of God ; the rejection of the idols is a rejection of what is false .
The “ wings of the Divine Presence ” is again central , but it does not merely protect .
It exercises prudence ( “ he gave them counsel and advice ” ) , and establishes something like law ( “ ways of the Lord ” ) .
For Maimonides , Moses is the greatest prophet because he is the only lawgiver of the prophets .
It seems only with the law can one establish the peace necessary for theoretical speculation and man ’s true perfection .
But Abraham is himself central in this letter , perhaps because he points at the establishing of households , at bringing people to the faith and not taking a heritage for granted .
Thus : “ Abraham … is your father : ” the paternity is direct , if that was n’t clear from Gen. 18:19 : “ For I have known him to the end that he may command his children and his household after him , that they may keep the way of the Lord , to do righteousness and justice . ”
Abraham himself was only known by God to the end that he did and commanded “ righteousness ” and “ justice . ”
The implication is complicated ; the moral life gives a people unity , gives them faith .
But is it prior to reason , or is it rationality that is pointing back at the heart of the moral life ?
“ Known … to the end ” sounds a bit more than vaguely Aristotlean to this hearer .
Note that the “ land ” and its “ length ” and “ breadth ” belong to the convert ; he cannot deny his inheritance .
Where the convert can change the words is with regards to specific miracles .
Miracles are tied to the imagination , which is a faculty lower than reason , but critical to both prophecy and politics ( the issue of the Divine Law again ) .
“ The wings of the Divine Presence ” now is invoked for a third and final time , and is beyond the protective , beyond the political .
It stands outside of time – unlike miracles themselves – and means that the miraculous can be extended to anyone , since the Lord should do the same for all who confess Him .
The rest of the letter is an argument for unity in God Himself , against more particular considerations .
Milton speculated that at the end of time , there would not be any facing God , since God would be “ all in all . ”
Alfarabi held to the necessity of a plurality of virtuous religions : one cannot say he has reversed “ out of many , one ” since there is unity in seeking righteousness and truth .
One wonders if it is possible to say the universal character of reason – for Maimonides – is faith itself .
Despite billions in aid from Washington and a shared threat from extremists , Pakistanis have an overwhelmingly negative view of the United States , according to results of a Pew Research Center poll released Thursday .
The survey also found that Pakistanis have grown less fearful of extremists seizing control of their country , perhaps reflecting gains that government troops have made against militants since early 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Most Pakistanis want improved relations with the United States , according to the poll .
But most view the U.S. with suspicion , support for American involvement in the fight against extremists has declined , and nearly two - thirds want U.S. troops out of neighboring Afghanistan .
Nearly six in 10 Pakistanis polled described the U.S. as an enemy and only one in 10 called it a partner .
Public attitudes in Pakistan figure importantly in the Obama administration ’s strategy for strengthening the U.S. partnership with Pakistan to help defeat al - Qaida and stabilize Afghanistan .
Another U.S. worry is the prospect of Pakistan ’s nuclear weapons falling into the hands of militants .
The Obama administration persuaded Congress this year to approve $ 7.5 billion in aid to Pakistan over five years .
Since the 9/11 attacks the U.S. had provided Pakistan with billions linked to counterterrorist work .
On a visit to Pakistan last week , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton announced a raft of new aid projects worth $ 500 million .
Mistrust of the U.S. among Pakistanis appears due in part to Washington ’s decision to turn away from the South Asian nation after enlisting its support to defeat the Soviets in Afghanistan in the 1980s .
ADVERTISEMENT
The U.S. is not directly involved in ground combat operations in Pakistan , but some dozens of U.S. troops are helping train Pakistani forces .
The U.S. also has an unacknowledged program of launching airstrikes from drone aircraft at Taliban and al - Qaida figures inside Pakistan .
The strikes by CIA drones are widely unpopular in Pakistan .
The Pew poll found that of those who had heard about drone attacks , 93 percent said they are a bad thing , 90 percent said they kill too many innocents , and 49 percent said they are being done without the Pakistani government ’s approval .
Without mentioning drone strikes , Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday rejected suggestions that al - Qaida is becoming entrenched in Pakistan and said the U.S. is making inroads against extremists .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I assure you , we are doing significant damage to al - Qaida in Pakistan as well as in Afghanistan , so we ’re making progress , ” Biden said in an interview that was taped Wednesday at Fort Drum. , N.Y. , and broadcast Thursday on NBC ’s “ Today ” show .
“ But the truth of the matter is that there ’s more to go . ”
Despite receiving billions in U.S. aid since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , many Pakistanis believe the U.S. gives them little or none , according to the poll .
About a quarter of those questioned said the U.S. provides a lot of financial aid .
Nearly a quarter said it provides a little aid , 10 percent said the U.S. gives hardly any , and 16 percent believe the U.S. gives Pakistan no aid .
ADVERTISEMENT
The poll also found that only eight percent of Pakistanis express confidence that President Barack Obama will do the right thing in world affairs Ã¢â‚¬â€ his lowest rating among 22 nations that Pew polled in April .
Seventeen percent expressed a favorable view of the U.S. , and 64 percent said it is important for relations with the United States to improve .
The Pew poll consisted of face - to - face interviews in April with 2,000 adults in areas of Pakistan that represent about 84 percent of the nation ’s adult population .
The Federally Administered Tribal Areas Ã¢â‚¬â€ the region along the Afghan border where al - Qaida is believed to have found haven and where the Pakistani government has little control Ã¢â‚¬â€ was not included in the survey .
In its May 2009 survey of Pakistanis , Pew found that 69 percent were very or somewhat worried about extremist groups taking control of their country .
That was one month after the Pakistani army began a large - scale offensive against extremists in the Swat Valley , some 100 miles from Islamabad .
ADVERTISEMENT
This year ’s poll found that 51 percent expressed concern about a takeover by extremists .
Pakistanis also said they feel less threatened by the Taliban and much less by al - Qaida .
The proportion who considered al - Qaida a serious threat fell from 61 percent last year to 38 percent this year .
The equivalent numbers with regard to the Taliban fell from 73 percent to 54 percent .
The shift in opinion could be seen as a positive trend if it reflects actual setbacks for the extremists in battles with government forces .
But it also could cut the other way .
If Pakistanis see less of a threat from militants , that could undercut U.S. efforts to persuade their government to expand its offensive against insurgents and to take on the groups of greatest concern to the U.S. , including al - Qaida .
ADVERTISEMENT
The poll also found that while the Taliban and al - Qaida are unpopular in Pakistan , negative views toward them have become a little less prevalent over the past year , while positive views have increased .
Eighteen percent said they view al - Qaida with favor , compared to nine percent a year ago and 25 percent in 2008 .
Fifty - three percent had an unfavorable view of the group , compared to 61 percent a year ago and 34 percent in 2008 .
Not surprisingly , Pakistanis said the biggest threat to their country is longtime rival India .
Fifty - three percent rated India as the biggest threat , 23 percent named the Taliban and three percent cited al - Qaida .
The rest cited all three , or none or said they did n’t know .
Source : AP News
Mochila insert follows …
Image caption Deficit cuts will hit those already suffering most , the CIPD says
Government spending cuts will push UK unemployment up from its current 2.5 m to almost 3 m , a report has warned .
Deficit reduction would also stall recovery in the jobs market , employment group the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development ( CIPD ) said .
There was little prospect of real wage growth until at least 2015 , and public sector workers faced pay cuts , it said .
The chancellor is expected to lay out sweeping cuts to try to trim the £ 156bn deficit in his budget on 22 June .
' Radical re-engineering '
And the business group the CBI has called for £ 4 in spending cuts for every £ 1 in tax hikes .
It warned that the public finances should be repaired without damaging growth prospects , calling for a shake - up of public services provision to save money through job cuts and sharing back office functions .
What do we cut - and who would it hit ?
When the comprehensive spending review starts in earnest in a few weeks ' time , those two questions are going to be right at the centre of public debate Stephanie Flanders , BBC economics editor
" A radical re-engineering of public services is a must if damaging tax rises are to be avoided .
Only an effective cost reduction strategy can safeguard future growth , " CBI deputy director - general John Cridland said .
The CIPD had earlier suggested that the jobless total would reach 2.65 million this year .
But chief economic adviser John Philpott said he had now revised up his forecast , saying unemployment would climb to 2.95 m in the second half of 2012 , and remain close to that level until 2015 .
About 500,000 public sector jobs would go in that period , Mr Philpott predicted .
Unemployment is currently 2.51 m , according to the latest official figures .
' Hardship '
Chancellor George Osborne has identified £ 6.2bn of savings and outlined cuts to quangos , spending on consultancy and big IT projects and a civil service recruitment freeze .
The drastic cost - cutting , while necessary , would have serious knock - on effects for many in the UK , Mr Philpott said .
" Although tough fiscal medicine is unavoidable and may boost the UK's long - run economic growth and job prospects , reliance on cuts in public spending rather than tax increases as the primary means of cutting the deficit makes the short - term outlook especially bleak for those individuals and communities already suffering the greatest hardship in society .
" Given what we know historically about the way in which the social burden of unemployment and stagnant average income growth is shared across individuals and communities , the prospects for those already suffering the most disadvantage seem particularly bleak . "
However , others seem to support the prospect of fast cuts .
On Tuesday , the credit rating agency Fitch said the UK deficit must be reduced more quickly than set out by the former Labour government in April , and noted that the new coalition government had acted " very quickly " .
And outgoing Marks and Spencer boss Sir Stuart Rose has said the government had taken " very sensible action " .
WILMINGTON , DE — As the 2010 World Cup approaches , friends , family , and coworkers of 32 - year - old Brad Janovich are growing less tolerant of the exuberant behavior of the United States ' lone soccer fan .
Advertisement
" Who 's got World Cup fever ? "
Janovich asked his officemates at Credit Solutions Friday , failing to notice their silent stares as he reported for work clad in the sole Team USA jersey sold this year .
" I do !
I 've got World Cup fever ! "
" Check out this World Cup wall chart I just bought , " added Janovich , who is the only American citizen currently aware that the World Cup begins June 11 .
Advertisement
According to sources only peripherally aware of the World Cup , Janovich 's infuriating behavior first became apparent during a Super Bowl viewing party last February when he repeatedly used the phrase " American football " to describe the action on the field .
In recent weeks , Janovich has also begun referring to the supposed suspense involved in choosing the players for the U.S. " side , " and has struck up several extended but one - sided conversations concerning figures such as " Kaka " and " Ronaldinho , " generally mystifying and alienating everyone he has come into contact with .
Yesterday Janovich sent an office - wide e-mail about the controversy surrounding the new World Cup ball , and the message was instantly deleted by all of his coworkers .
Advertisement
" Decorating his cubicle with World Cup stuff is fine , I guess , " said coworker Greg Lafferty , who endured several elevator rides in which he politely listened to the lone American soccer fan evaluate international matchups before realizing that Janovich was discussing the outcomes of soccer games and not impending wars .
" I myself have a Yankees pennant at my desk .
But Brad has all these scarves draped all over everything .
They hang into other people 's areas , and when they ask him to move them , he responds by explaining what the scarf means .
It 's driving us nuts . "
" Last week he was talking about how ' footy ' was really heating up and asked me to come over for the ' friendly ' against Turkey , " said Janovich 's friend Beth Gleason , who has known the only projected U.S. viewer of this year 's World Cup broadcast since college .
" I love Brad , I really do , but when he talks like that I want to punch him in the goddamn face .
Especially because , when I asked him what he was talking about , he just said the same thing again , only slower .
I was like , ' Brad , do n't talk like that .
People do n't talk like that . ' "
Advertisement
With only a week to go , Janovich 's singular , almost unconscionable degree of soccer fanhood has only intensified .
Credit Solutions employees reported that a crude " World Cup countdown calendar " appeared on the break room wall Friday , the same day that everyone in Janovich 's division arrived to find him wearing Umbro soccer shorts and placing a World Cup bracket on every desk .
In addition , coworkers reported that it is not uncommon for Janovich to spontaneously start humming or singing repeated snatches of songs evidently composed exclusively of the sound " olé " while seated at his desk .
Advertisement
" I had absolutely no idea what ' FIFA South Africa 2010 ' meant , " said Lafferty , who made the mistake of asking Janovich to explain .
" When he told me that 's where the soccer games were and that the time difference meant he'd be getting up early to watch them , all I could think was that maybe he'd be too tired to talk about them afterward . "
Janovich has also extended invitations to everyone he knows to accompany him to the Newgate , a pub in downtown Wilmington that will be showing the World Cup live and is favored by British expatriates .
Advertisement
" It 'll be nice to finally be among other fans , " Janovich said .
" And speaking as a fan , it 's really great to see Hotspur and Arsenal and Aston Villa supporters all come together for the Three Lions , though I 'm hoping the Yanks can channel the spirit of the 1950 shock horror .
But that 's not as important as uniting in our love of the Beautiful Game , as any football [ sic ] fan will tell you . "
Newgate regulars agreed that Janovich 's enthusiasm was unique .
" That American fan ?
He 's harmless , I guess , " bartender and lifelong Tottenham supporter Martin West said .
" Though he gets pretty tiresome with all his footy rubbish , and he can really get annoying when we 're all just trying to watch in peace .
Thank Christ he 's the only one . "
Federal Treasurer Wayne Swan has suggested changes could be made to the Federal Government 's proposed internet filter .
The Government announced the filter two years ago as part of its cyber safety program to protect children from pornography and offensive material .
But Communications Minister Stephen Conroy announced the filter would not be put in place until an independent review can be carried out into what content would be banned .
The review , which could take a year , is looking at what makes up " refused classification " rated content .
Talking to Triple J's Hack program , Mr Swan has publicly suggested for the first time that the filter could make some changes or " move in different directions " in response to concerns voiced by many who claim it will slow download speeds and lead to unwarranted censorship .
" Stephen Conroy ... has announced some changes to the filter - he 's talking to industry about those now , " he said .
" We have responded to the legitimate concerns of many of your listeners in this area and Stephen Conroy is going through that process now .
" It 's possible that we could move in slightly different directions . "
But Greens Senator Scott Ludlam believes the program has been deferred until after the election due to the unpopularity of the proposal .
" There has been a huge outcry over this and I think all they 've done is they 've just backed it off to make sure it did n't play off into the election campaign , " he said .
" The Labor Party policy going into this election is for internet service provider - level mandatory censorship of the internet after the election - that 's still their policy . "
Senator Ludlam says moving the filter in a " different direction " is not what the public is calling out for .
" I have n't heard a lot of people demanding that Stephen Conroy move in a slightly different direction .
People want the filter scrapped , " he said .
" They want to start again with some more intelligent ideas and better ways of dealing with this material , whether it be law enforcement , education , home - based filters or whatever .
ISP network engineer and filter critic Mark Newton is also sceptical over what direction Senator Conroy will take the filter .
" The most common responses Senator Conroy has been making to the criticisms of this policy is to assert that his detractors are supporters of child pornography , " he said .
" He does n't tend to address the comments of detractors in any great detail .
He just sort of brushes them off and the attitude is always , ' I 'm right , you 're wrong and this is what we 're going to do ' .
" So we have n't really seen a lot of good faith from the minister . "
Opposition spokesman Tony Smith says Labor was wrong to cancel John Howard 's previous online protection programs .
" The Coalition believes Government , regulators , internet providers , teachers and importantly parents should all have a role to play in protecting children online , " he said .
" While Labor has fumbled around for three years , the only concrete decision Senator Conroy has taken is to cancel the Howard Government 's practical program , Protecting Australian Families Online . "
Senator Conroy could not be reached for comment .
Chrysler may be killing the " Hemi " branding on most new vehicles , but as this photo of the new 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee shows , that thing 's still got a Hemi under the hood .
This badge - killing 's nothing more than Pelosi - is - watching green - washing .
Remember the old " That thing got a Hemi ? " ads ?
Increasingly , Chrysler 's decided that most of their vehicles do n't have one anymore .
Except they really do .
Advertisement
On a recent drive of the new 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee we were told by Chrysler PR that the automaker still plans on promoting the " Hemi " brand in Ram pickup trucks and maybe in high - powered SRT vehicles .
For the rest of the lineup running the engine — like the 300C , the Charger RT and the aforementioned 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee — it'll be branded as the " 5.7 - liter V8 . "
But , as you can see from the shot above , despite a lack of marketing in the 84 pages of press materials or over - sized chrome badges once a mainstay on the rumps of any appropriately - engined Mopar product , this new Grand Cherokee 's still got a Hemi .
It just wo n't get the well - known " Hemi " moniker anywhere but in the engine bay .
Chrysler engineers tell us that 's because they'd have to go through environmental testing again on the engine if they were to change the cover on it ( which means they actually did want to pull the name off the cover but decided not to spend the money ) .
Which is weird marketing strategy for Chrysler on the new Jeep .
The brand used to wave the Hemi badge with pride — as you can see from the above commercial for the 2008 Jeep Grand Cherokee .
And it shows .
The 5.7 - liter 360 HP Hemi V8 's the engine owners will likely buy ( at a four - to - one take rate in the 2010 model ) or want to buy .
We somehow do n't see luxury SUV buyers getting geeked up over the new " Pentastar " V6 engine when they could be getting an ecoboosted Ford crossover .
The Hemi name 's the brand name Chrysler 's got — one that the representative of one automaker told me they'd " give their right Vortec - branded nut to have " — and they probably should have proudly stuck with it .
Advertisement
But really , this change by Chrysler is n't about making a greener vehicle — it 's about making a greener image — and killing a very enthusiast - centric brand that has historically provided high levels of sales — to do it .
In a Pelosi - is - watching world , the bigger - than - ever and better - than - ever 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee was probably not the best choice for Chrysler 's first post - bankruptcy new vehicle and the Pentastar brand knows that .
In fact , it 's scared the Hemi out of them .
American electric motorcycle builder MotoCzysz has taken the top step of the podium at this year ’s TT Zero race in the Isle of Man , they almost claimed the first ever 100 mph lap ( average speed ) for which the Isle of Man government offered a £ 10,000 prize for the first team that hits the mark on an electric motorcycle .
MotoCzysz recorded an average lap time of 96.82 mph over the 37.7 mile course setting a total time of 23:22.89 , American rider Mark Miller was piloting the futuristic zero emissions EP1C motorcycle and word from the pit lane has it that he still had a fair bit of battery power left after crossing the finish line .
Briton Rob Barber rode into second place on the Team Agni Z1 bike , he was 1:58.30 off the pace of the MotoCzysz EP1C and he was followed across the line by James McBride on the ManTTx machine .
The ManTTx bike was built by a group of plucky Brits on a limited budget so pulling off a top 3 finish was a hell of a result .
Full 2010 TT
Zero results below as well as the post race press conference for the top 3 riders .
The Song on episode 801 of the show South Park , that is a direct parody of anime , also known as Japanimation .
It parody 's the songs used in suck animtes series , and it is one of the funniest songs ever .
you can download it at www.southparkstudios.com
Real lyrics ; Subarashii chinchin monoKintama no kame aruSore no oto ha saruboboIie !
Ninja ga imasuHey hey let 's go kenka suruTaisetsu no mono protect my balls !
Boku ga warui so let 's fighting ... Let 's fighting love !
Kono uta chotto bakaWake ga wakaranaiEigo ga mechakucha Daijobu ?
We do it all the time !
Hey hey let 's go kenka suru ... English Translation : I have a wonderful penisAnd golden Testicle hairIs that the sound of a monkey named bobo ?
No !
It 's the ninjas !
Hey hey let 's go fight !
The important thing is to protect my balls !
I am bad , so let 's fighting ... Let 's fighting love !
Let 's fighting love !
This song is a little stupidIt does n't make senseIts English is fucked up Is that OK ?
We do it all the time !
Hey hey let 's go fight ...
Cheap Compatible Ink Cartridges
Prink offers genuine and compatible ink cartridges for all popular brands of inkjet printer at incredibly cheap prices .
All our compatible cartridges are manufactured to the highest ISO9001 standards and will not invalidate your printer warranty .
They contain only the best quality USA made ink which is considered to be the best for its vibrant colours , uniform consistency and colour accuracy .
All Prink compatible cartridges are made with brand new parts .
They will arrive vacuum sealed in high quality retail boxes to ensure a long shelf life of around 18 months and are fully guaranteed to work with your printer .
So , if you ’re looking to purchase toner or ink cartridges from a reputable online store that takes pride in the quality of its products and the level of its service then choose Prink .
The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) published Tuesday a landmark paper entitled “ Network architecture of the long - distance pathways in the macaque brain ” ( an open - access paper ) by Dharmendra S. Modha ( IBM Almaden ) and Raghavendra Singh ( IBM Research - India ) with major implications for reverse - engineering the brain and developing a network of cognitive - computing chips .
“ We have successfully uncovered and mapped the most comprehensive long - distance network of the Macaque monkey brain , which is essential for understanding the brain ’s behavior , complexity , dynamics and computation , ” Dr. Modha says .
“ We can now gain unprecedented insight into how information travels and is processed across the brain .
“ We have collated a comprehensive , consistent , concise , coherent , and colossal network spanning the entire brain and grounded in anatomical tracing studies that is a stepping stone to both fundamental and applied research in neuroscience and cognitive computing . ”
The scientists focused on the long - distance network of 383 brain regions and 6,602 long - distance brain connections that travel through the brain ’s white matter , which are like the “ interstate highways ” between far - flung brain regions , he explained , while short - distance gray matter connections ( based on neurons ) constitute “ local roads ” within a brain region and its sub-structures .
Their research builds upon a publicly available database called Collation of Connectivity data on the Macaque brain ( CoCoMac ) , which compiles anatomical tracing data from over 400 scientific reports from neuroanatomists published over the last half - century .
“ We studied four times the number of brain regions and have compiled nearly three times the number of connections when compared to the largest previous endeavor , ” he pointed out .
“ Our data may open up entirely new ways of analyzing , understanding , and , eventually , imitating the network architecture of the brain , which according to Marian C. Diamond and Arnold B. Scheibel is “ the most complex mass of protoplasm on earth — perhaps even in our galaxy . ”
The center of higher cognition and consciousness ?
The brain network they found contains a “ tightly integrated core that might be at the heart of higher cognition and even consciousness … and may be a key to the age - old question of how the mind arises from the brain . ”
The core spans parts of premotor cortex , prefrontal cortex , temporal lobe , parietal lobe , thalamus , basal ganglia , cingulate cortex , insula , and visual cortex .
Prefrontal cortex : integrator - distributor of information
By ranking brain regions ( similar to how search engines rank web pages ) , they found evidence that the prefrontal cortex , while physically located in the front of the brain , is a functionally central part of the brain that might act as an integrator and distributor of information .
Think of it as a switchboard .
As they stated in the PNAS paper , “ The network opens the door to the application of large - scale network - theoretic analysis that has been so successful in understanding the Internet , metabolic networks , protein interaction networks , various social networks , and in searching the world - wide web .
The network will be an indispensable foundation for clinical , systems , cognitive , and computational neurosciences as well as cognitive computing . ”
The findings will also help them design the routing architecture for a network of cognitive computing chips , they suggest .
The research was sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , Defense Sciences Office , Program : Systems of Neuromorphic Adaptive Plastic Scalable Electronics .
Dr. Modha presented the exciting findings of this study in a talk I attended at the Toward A Science Of Consciousness conference in Tucson in April , but he asked us to hold off on covering this until the formal paper appeared in a peer - reviewed journal .
A detailed Powerpoint slide show with voice narration ( 60 slides , ~ 52 minutes , ~ 50 MB ) is downloadable here .
CNBC's Kate Kelly shines some light on the flash from yesterday , about the SEC looking into trading of BP securites .
KATE KELLY : ... WHAT I UNDERSTAND FROM PEOPLE FAMILIAR WITH THE MATTER , IS THAT THERE MAY HAVE BEEN SOME FUNKY TRADING THAT WENT ON IN BP SHARES BETWEEN APRIL 20th , WHEN THE EXPLOSION AND THE LEAK INITIALLY OCCURRED , AND LATE JUNE WHEN THEY WERE DEEPLY ENGAGED IN CLEAN -UP EFFORTS AND THERE WAS A LOT OF SPECULATION AT THE TIME ABOUT WHETHER CLEAN -UP EFFORTS LIKE THE TOP KILL , FOR INSTANCE , WERE GOING TO BE SUCCESSFUL OR NOT .
THE QUESTION IS WERE THIRD PARTIES SUCH AS HEDGE FUNDS TRADING IN A WAY THAT INDICATED THEY HAD INSIDE INFORMATION ABOUT THE SUCCESS OR FAILURE OF THESE EFFORTS ?
THAT'S SOMETHING THE SEC IS FOCUSSING ON .
California ’s budget woes are threatening to cut off money meant to help the state ’s small businesses survive the recession , a Small Business Administration official said Thursday .
John Mark Quinn , acting head of the federal agency ’s western region , said state funds that match federal monies slated for small business development are set to dry up next month — barring a last - minute agreement between the Schwarzenegger administration and the Legislature .
The federal allotment for the small business development programs is a modest boost for California , just $ 12.5 million , Quinn said .
But when combined with matching funds from the state it ’s been enough to help thousands of businesses , he said .
Quinn said this funding was key because it will help firms reposition themselves in order to survive the economic downturn .
Many small business owners have lost their customer base during the economic downturn as their clients cut back spending .
So it ’s crucial that those entrepreneurs learn how to sell their businesses anew — training that such funding helps pay for , Quinn said .
Particularly hard hit are businesses that relied on discretionary spending from consumers , such as gym owners or restaurants , which must learn how to develop marketing and advertising campaigns to reach new customers or offer new products .
The state money serves as a matching fund for a federal allotment that has already been made , he said .
The programs , typically administered by nonprofit small business development centers , took a hit in last year ’s budget as well .
Adalberto Quijada , acting director of the SBA ’s Los Angeles district , said if the California appropriation is cut off , the SBA will be dependent on private - sector donations , including funds like those recently pledged by the investment bank Goldman Sachs for entrepreneur training .
And , as of now , “ the state is not expected to fund the programs for the second half of the year , ” Quinn said .
State officials were not available to comment on the issue early Thursday .
Small business advocate Scott Hauge said the cutbacks also threatened the state ’s broader recovery efforts .
Already , he said , community colleges were cutting back their small business development centers , which are dependent on the state and federal money .
The nonprofit centers teach business owners how to position and market their companies , how to develop a business plan and — perhaps most important — how to successfully apply for loans .
However , if this state budget problem is n’t solved the development centers might have to return federal money they have already received .
“ If small businesses are going to be the engine that is going to drive us out of the recession and the doldrums , the small business development centers are going to have to play a major role , ” Hauge said .
sharon.bernstein@latimes.com
Red Dead Redemption is a servant of two masters .
Its gameplay sticks closely to GTA 's familiar sandbox formula , and its narrative leans heavily on anti-hero storytelling tropes borrowed from Western film directors like Anthony Mann , Sam Peckinpah , and Sergio Leone .
The game serves neither of these masters especially well .
It is not a mature Western in the vein of aging - reluctant - gunfighter films like Ride the High Country or Unforgiven ; nor do its sandbox elements behave as well as they should .
Marsten 's inexhaustible willingness to run errands for anyone who asks ( including the dumbest , greediest , and shadiest characters imaginable ) strains credulity for the sake of giving the player things to do .
Assembling the team Marston needs to get inside Fort Mercer feels less like event - driven storytelling than a cobbled together series of fetch quests , rail shooting and racing games .
An endless string of knife - wielding thugs threaten prostitutes on the streets , no matter how many of them I kill .
Dead men do n't stay dead , and cougars spring out of nowhere to attack , even after I 've slayed a dozen of their identical mates .
All gang hideouts appear to have shared the same decorator .
And none of this really matters .
Not much anyway .
It does n't matter because all the formal narrative stuff in RDR - John Marston , government agents , Bill Williamson , Javier Escuella - it 's all just a frame .
The good stuff , the important stuff , lives inside that frame , and it 's very good stuff .
The GTA template is easily seen in RDR , but Rockstar has filled its new sandbox with rich atmosphere and an iconic landscape rendered with extraordinary attention to detail .
GTA IV impressed with its skewed fidelity to New York City , but RDR 's take on the American West transcends it and approaches visual poetry .
The lighting alone is worth a studious blog post .
I 've grown so fond of riding my horse at sunrise and sunset that I 've timed my sleep / saves to make the most of them .
Landscape is mythos in Westerns .
RDR 's pictorialism and environmental ambiance convey a sense of place more effectively than any game I 've played .
Its evocative , understated soundtrack amplifies the visuals , and its score echoes Ennio Morricone without aping him .
If I had n't recently written here about the excesses of hyperbole , I might have tossed in a few superlatives about Bill Elm and Woody Jackson 's original music for RDR .
I 'll just say it 's terrific and leave it at that .
Things happen when you ride the range in this game .
Sometimes these moments feel meaningful .
Other times they feel like jarring inconsistencies .
Occasionally it 's both .
A cougar attacked near Benedict Point and nearly killed me .
I recovered and was quickly attacked by another .
Luckily for me , two riders happened by and shot the animal before he attacked me again .
Weakened and out of medicine , it occurred to me that I might have a better chance on my horse .
No sooner had I mounted up than a cougar attacked .
My horse fell , and I tumbled off .
I quickly fired several shots killing the cougar , but when I turned around I discovered my horse lying dead on the ground .
The honey - colored stallion Bonnie gave me after the round - up .
I felt heartbroken .
Nervous about more cougar attacks , I needed to act quickly .
I decided , with some reservations , to do what most hunters would probably do : skin the horse and make use of the supplies .
So I sadly bent down to get the job done ... and the game intruded .
" You stink ! ! "
Marston disgustedly exclaimed as blood splattered ( yet again ) on the virtual camera lens .
No , Mr. Marston , my horse does not stink , and I resent you treating him like the skunk you skinned an hour earlier .
The distance between player and avatar in RDR is fluid .
One more story .
I rescued a prostitute from a man threatening to kill her ( while everyone else ignored her cries for help ) .
Afterward she thanked me .
A moment later I unthinkingly drew my gun , and she screamed and ran madly into the wilderness .
Hoping to ease her fears , I pursued her on foot for nearly 10 minutes , but could never close the distance between us .
As far as I know , she 's still running .
Sometimes I see the wizard behind the curtain in RDR .
Other times he sees me .
On July 28 , 2009 , Danielle Reed answered selected viewer questions about taste , its genetic roots , and more .
Please note we are no longer accepting questions , but see Tour the Tongue and our Links & Books section for more information .
Q : While I have overcome many of my food dislikes from childhood , one in particular escapes my every attempt to subdue it and that is ( vegetable ) peppers , red , green , yellow , chili , etc .
Even the smell of peppers cooking I find distasteful .
I can eat and enjoy other foods from this plant family such as potato , tomato , and eggplant with no problems .
Could the " supertaster " theory explain this ?
I also do n't care for cilantro ( tastes bitter and soapy ) , which I read once may be an indicator .
Susan Pinckney , Essex , Connecticut A : Cilantro contains several volatile ( airborne ) chemicals that give it a delicious aroma .
Unfortunately , due to variations in the genes that code for olfactory ( smell ) receptors , some people are unable to sense one or more of these compounds .
We think that for these people — and you may be one of them — the soapiness of cilantro is not counteracted by the ability to smell its pleasant qualities .
The same may be true for peppers ; that is , you may not be able to smell the flavor notes that many people find attractive .
It is unlikely that being a " supertaster " is responsible for your dislike of peppers because peppers do not typically contain the types of bitter - tasting chemicals most noxious to people having the " supertaster " genetic makeup .
Q : I am known by friends as the picky eater .
I love to eat , but I am very particular about how the food is combined , the texture , its appearance , and how often I have eaten it .
Most of the time I pick what I will eat based on the above , and if nothing seems right I just wo n't eat .
Very bad habit .
The first question I have is why does the appearance of food affect my decision on whether I will eat it or not ?
My second question is how can I eat something I enjoy today , but tomorrow the thought of the same thing grosses me out ?
This happens all the time , and I know it is very frustrating to my boyfriend ( the cook ) when planning meals .
Thank you for taking the time to answer my questions .
I know the people around me will appreciate it as well !
Melisssa Lujan , Portland , Oregon A : Your behavior is at the extreme end of a continuum of normal behavior .
Eating food that is attractive and carefully prepared is a survival instinct , but most people can overlook less than perfect food when they are hungry .
Likewise from a biological standpoint , seeking variety is essential to ensure adequate nutrition since no single food provides every nutrient .
You may have a reduced hunger drive relative to your friends , which allows you to seek more variety and focus on food appeal .
Q : I know that everyone can taste umami—it 's a basic sense .
But how about more complex tastes ?
Vanilla for instance .
To me , vanilla ice cream has no flavor — just creamy .
I can't taste the difference in foods when it is there or not there ; it 's always been an optional ingredient .
Growing up , vanilla was described as a " leavening ingredient " and never as a flavor .
I have other things I am picky about , some weird ones .
BUT , I have met several people with the same likes and dislikes as I have .
Could there be some genetic component to being picky ?
My half brother is pickier than I am , yet our parents are all good eaters .
David Hampson , Pullman , Washington A : Flavor is a combination of sensory qualities , and much of what we call " taste " is actually " smell . "
Accordingly , vanilla is primarily a smell .
Classic studies by Blakeslee demonstrated that there is a range of ability to smelling vanilla , and there are indeed some people — and you may be one of them — who are unable to smell its flavorful notes .
There is no doubt genetic differences can partially account for a person 's pattern of food likes and dislikes , but thus far only a handful of genes and their alleles have been identified that influence some specific responses .
It is normal for younger people ( you and your half brother ) to be pickier than your parents .
Food preferences change over time , and so you may come to resemble them more as you approach the age your parents are now .
Q : I am a picky eater , and once my dad told me that I wo n't be picky always because the gene that causes this mutates over time .
Is that true ?
Many of my relatives are picky eaters , and they got over it .
Rea , Missouri A : In general , children are less willing than adults to eat a broad variety of foods , including vegetables , and this age difference in food preferences occurs across many cultures .
From an evolutionary perspective , it is adaptive for kids to be more cautious as they learn what is safe to eat .
The shift in taste between childhood and adulthood is unlikely to be due to gene mutations ( damage to the DNA over time ) but may be due to natural changes in the amount of protein produced from a gene .
Q : If glutamate types of foods are savory ( umami ) , then why do so many people have an allergy to monosodium glutamate ( myself included ) ?
How is this evolutionarily helpful ?
Gale Crowe , Tampa , Florida A : Our love of glutamate evolved to guide us towards nutritious foods like tomatoes and mushrooms , which contain abundant amounts of this amino acid .
However , we now add much more concentrated forms like monosodium glutamate ( MSG ) to our food , and some people like you do not tolerate it .
The same logic applies to sugar — it helps guide us to foods like fruits that are healthy , but as we have added more and more concentrated sugars to foods , many people cannot tolerate its effects and become obese and diabetic .
Our food habits are changing faster than the ability of our bodies to cope , and this leads to food intolerance and disease in some people .
Q : My son is an extremely picky eater , to the point that I feel he almost has anxiety attacks about trying new foods .
Is this a genetic condition or more of a psychological condition ?
He at times seems to have actual " fears " about trying new foods .
He also does not like foods with texture to them .
Thank you for any guidance you can provide !
Kim , Milford , New Hampshire A : Children are more cautious about food compared to adults and for good reason — they are in the process of learning what is safe to eat .
This behavior harkens back to a time when our food supply was more dangerous than it is now , when choosing what to eat was a life - or - death decision ( spoiled meat , poisonous plants ) .
Although it is difficult for parents who are trying hard to ensure their children get a broad variety of nutritious foods to remember that pickiness in children was adaptive , it helps to remember that it is normal for children to be cautious ( or in your son 's case , ultra - cautious ) about what they eat .
While your son's behavior may seem extreme , many children express trepidation when asked to taste new foods .
As children become teenagers and young adults , most eventually eat and enjoy a wide range of foods .
Q : Is my ability to taste related to my frequent inability to smell ?
If so , how ?
Marianne Schaffino , Alamogordo , New Mexico A : A large component of what we casually think about as the " taste " of food is actually due to olfaction ( sense of smell ) .
To illustrate this principle , pinch your nose and eat a jelly bean — it is bland until the nose is opened , when there is a rush of flavor .
Try the demonstration and you will see how important smell is to the appreciation of food and drink .
Q : To keep peace in my marriage , I must eat much of what is unpleasant or intolerable , while my wife thinks everything is " good " .
How can I reduce my taste sensitivity ?
Anonymous A : You are not alone .
On average , men and women have different food preferences , and this can translate to discord at the dining room table .
Personally , I am sympathetic , because we have the same problem in our house ; for instance , I love salads with vinaigrette , but my husband finds them too sour .
Keeping in mind that you and your wife have different genetic makeups that may influence how you each perceive the flavor of food , there are two ways to change your food preferences : ( 1 ) time and exposure ; and ( 2 ) manipulating how hungry you are when you eat disliked foods .
The more you eat a food , the better you like it .
So just showing up at the dinner table every night and eating what is offered will change your preferences .
This is your current strategy , but it sounds like you are looking for a quicker fix .
The other method is to eat non-preferred foods when very hungry — the body begins to associate those flavors with a positive benefit ( relief of hunger ) .
There is a third way to eat the food you like — offer to cook dinner [ smile ] .
Q : From a molecular standpoint , how does the taste bud detect sugar ( or the other flavors ) ?
Does the sugar molecule have to fit into a receptor site ?
Does the sugar form intermolecular bonds with the receptor site that triggers a response ?
How does this response become an electrical signal down the neuron ?
Sugars come in different molecular shapes and sizes .
Does a taste bud have differently shaped sugar detectors in a single bud ?
How does it differentiate sugar from a starch ?
Do you think mice think starches are sweet ?
Stan , Torrance , California A : Sweet receptors are embedded in the taste receptor cells located in taste buds .
The process of tasting sweet begins when a sweet chemical interacts with the receptor .
There is only one type of sweet receptor , but it is a large and elaborate molecule that has many different sites where chemicals of all shapes and sizes can bind .
This contact causes the sweet receptor to change shape and sets off a chain of chemical reactions inside the cell , which eventually results in the cell transmitting an electrical signal to an adjoining taste nerve .
This intracellular signaling cascade involves molecules such as G proteins , cAMP , kinases , and an ion channel called TRPM5 .
It is unlikely that mice or humans detect starch in the same way we detect sugars or other sweet molecules .
There are probably unique starch detectors in the mouth , but they have not yet been discovered .
Q : Knowing that there is a gene sequence that allows us to sense to a certain degree bitter , are there specific gene sequences that allow us to detect sour or " hot / spicy " more ?
I love sour tastes ( the more sour the better ! ) but hate bitter or spicy flavors of things .
Anonymous A : There are specific receptors for both sour molecules and spicy molecules , and people do differ in the DNA sequence in the genes that code for these receptors .
However , scientists have not yet figured out which alleles are associated with differences in perception .
This work is going on right now in laboratories across the world .
Q : Dear Dr. Reed , I have what I 'm sure is a common question .
How do I get my nearly 8 - year - old daughter to eat a more healthful diet ?
She is very picky — will only eat peas and green beans — and is very reticent to try new things .
Will this situation improve naturally with time ?
Scott J. Smith , Arlington , Massachusetts
A : Picky eating is an adaptive strategy for children because they have to learn what is safe .
Although this behavior vexes us , bear in mind that this is precisely the cautious behavior that protects children from accidental poisoning .
Take comfort in knowing that most children grow out of picky eating over time and that the best strategy to accelerate this process is to offer her wholesome foods and encourage her to taste them as frequently as possible .
Speaking as a mother , this is easy to say but hard to do .
I was driven to tears at times trying to get my picky children to eat anything other than French fries , but now as teenagers they eat and enjoy exotic and spicy foods as well as Brussels sprouts and spinach .
Q : What percent of the population has the active CCD gene to be super receptive to bitter ?
Brian Suter A : Like the genes for hair or eye color , the frequency of genetic variation that leads to super - sensitivity to certain types of bitter compounds varies by racial ancestry .
For instance , about 25 percent of the European population is homozygous for the taster allele ( and are super - sensitive to some types of bitter molecules ) , but this rate approaches 100 percent in Native American populations .
For more details , the National Institutes of Health have a useful list of allele frequencies among human populations : www.nidcd.nih.gov/health/statistics/smelltaste/global.htm
Q : Have you conducted any research with regard to so - called " supertasters " ?
I am interested because I think I am one .
I can sometimes taste sharp bitterness in lettuce and other produce that none of my friends seem to notice .
They make fun of me , but I take comfort in the fact that I am a supertaster and they are not .
Anonymous A : There are two ways to think about the term " supertaster . "
In the general sense , some people are more sensitive than others to all types of taste , just like some people have more sensitive hearing or vision than others .
If you find all types of food to be more intense than your friends and family , you might be this type of supertaster .
The second way people think about supertasters is specific to a type of bitter molecule found in vegetables like turnips or broccoli .
Since these particular chemicals are not usually found in lettuce , it is unlikely that you are this type of supertaster .
Q : food toxins or poisons and thus help the group survive or avoid group extinction .
Do people who avoid bitter foods have different metabolism or nutritional requirements ?
Do other specific traits such as anxiety or sensitive guts associate with taste sensitivity to bitterness in its many forms ?
Phillip Gioia , Auburn , New York A :
This is a useful and interesting scientific question , but we do n't yet know if people who avoid bitter differ in metabolism or nutritional requirements from people who are less sensitive to bitter tastes .
We know more about the psychology of people who are especially sensitive to certain types of bitter .
A recent study suggests they may be more emotional than less bitter - sensitive people .
Q : Why do people taste cilantro so differently ?
For instance , people who like it describe it as a " clean " taste , but to me it tastes like someone dumped shampoo on my food .
There are other non-clean tastes described at Ihatecilantro.com .
Ever since I moved from Boston to CA , I have to be constantly on the alert because almost every restaurant out here puts cilantro in or on its food , and it ruins it for me .
But I 've never heard a good explanation for why .
Is it a handed molecule , and we have different receptors that it binds to ?
Or does it mix with different chemicals in our saliva to create a different compound like what sometimes happens with perfume on the skin ?
Erika Schutte , Ventura County , California A : Cilantro contains compounds that give it a savory smell that drowns out the soapy flavor .
However , due to variations in their olfactory receptor genes , some people are unable to smell this pleasing aroma , and thus they only get the unpleasant side of cilantro .
In other words , for these people the soapiness of cilantro is not counteracted by the ability to smell its appealing qualities .
You might be interested in listening to a recent program about this topic on National Public Radio : www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=98695984
Q : Do your genes affect all tastes or just bitter ?
Brooke , Vermilion , Ohio A :
There are separate genes that influence how we respond to each taste .
Thus , it is possible that there are people who are sweet - blind or sour - blind , just as some people are bitter - blind .
We use bitter blindness as an example of how genes affect taste because we currently understand this best , but genes and alleles have recently been discovered that affect sweet and umami ( savory ) perception .
Stay tuned !
Q : My son grew up eating practically nothing but fruits and vegetables and nuts .
He did this by choice and disliked cooked food intensely .
An adult now , he eats a narrow range of cooked food , but he 's still never eaten a hamburger or a hot dog , for example — he says they still smell disgusting .
Do you have a genetic or other explanation for a kid who CAN 'T stand junk food ?
Barry Friesen , Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada A :
There is no specific genetic variation associated with the avoidance of cooked foods like meat ( that we know of ) , but it is possible that your son senses ( through taste or smell ) something most people do not and finds it very off - putting .
Having a child that wo n't eat junk food ( even occasionally ) would seem like a dream come true to some parents , but it can create social difficulties for both the parent and the child .
However , if he is in good health , it would seem prudent to let him follow the wisdom of his own body .
Q : Is there any link in your genetic research to explain the " gag " reflex to mushy or stringy food ?
Has plagued me all my life .
Thanks .
Anonymous A : There is no genetic research that would explain your adverse reaction to foods with certain textures .
We do know that these types of aversions can develop early in life through experiences , such as eating a stringy food and feeling nauseated because of an unrelated cause ( e.g. , stomach flu ) .
If you reflect back on your childhood , perhaps drawing on the recollections of your parents or other caretakers , you may be able to pinpoint the formation of this aversion .
Q : As an identical twin , how do you explain one twin who hated spinach , broccoli , cauliflower , etc. , but his identical twin loved them , when we are genetically the same ?
My twin brother was anemic .
Epigenetics ?
Kyle Hagen , Scottsdale , Arizona A : Two points are worth making about your observations .
First , identical twins are not actually as genetically identical as once believed .
Sometimes the number of genes differs between monozygotic ( identical ) twins ; this is called copy number variation .
Other times , the proteins that regulate how much and when genes are turned on and off differ between twins ( as you say , epigenetics ) .
So the differences in food likes , physiology , and metabolism between you and your " identical " twin may have a genetic basis .
However we should also bear in mind the power of personal experience in learning about food — your brother may have had encounters with vegetables that have led him down a different path .
Perhaps anemia led caregivers to push one twin towards certain foods , which set off a vigorous refusal to eat them ?
We were barely back stateside from the men's European runway shows earlier this month when news broke that DC Comics '
Wonder Woman would be getting a wardrobe makeover for issue No. 600 , so the recent announcement that MAC Cosmetics was partnering with DC for a limited - edition color cosmetics line due out for spring 2011 gives us a chance to circle back to our favorite Amazon .
The super heroine , who hails from the island of Themyscira ( when I was growing up , it was Paradise Island ) , made her debut in All Star Comics No. 8 in December 1941 , and has been fighting evil and injustice pretty much ever since .
In addition to her golden tiara and bullet - deflecting bracelets , Wonder Woman circa 1941 did battle in a red bustier with a yellow eagle breastplate design , red boots and a blue star - spangled miniskirt .
That skirt eventually shrank to become something more akin to hot pants -- a version of that outfit , designed by Oscar - nominated costume designer Donfeld and worn by Lynda Carter for the live - action 1975 - 1979 TV series , that was burned so vividly into so many young male brains of the time ( current company included ) .
Her new look , which coincides with a reboot of her mythology , finally gives the gal some pants -- or at least some black , stretchy leggings -- after nearly seven decades of bare - legged crime - fighting , molds her accessories a bit and throws a hip - looking motorcycle jacket over a toned - down version of the bustier .
A bit jarring to those who remember the old outfit fondly , but a smart move in updating the look -- especially if the long - rumored Wonder Woman movie ever does make it to the big screen .
Wearing what 's essentially a bathing suit might cut it for crime - fighting on the comic book page , but would look mighty campy writ large in the multiplex .
As for the collaboration with MAC Cosmetics -- first reported by fashion industry trade paper WWD late last week -- and subsequently confirmed with MAC representatives -- details are about as hard to find as Wonder Woman 's invisible airplane .
All we know at this point is that the limited - edition line will roll out to all MAC stores worldwide for spring 2011 and the line , with pieces ranging in price from $ 13 to $ 49.50 , is expected to include blush , eye shadow , nail polish and lipstick .
Because neither MAC nor DC is providing any additional information or images of said product until closer to launch , we decided to offer a few suggestions of our own .
How about a pair of chunky wrist bands that double as compacts , an " Invisible Plain " clear nail polish , " Pucker Up ( Diana ) Prince " lip gloss , and " Golden Lash - o " gold - flecked mascara ( " Bat your eyes and no man can lie to you ... " ) ?
If you have any suggestions -- or thoughts on the Wonder Woman wardrobe makeover -- we'd love to hear them , so feel free to post them in the comments section .
-- Adam Tschorn
RELATED :
More Wonder Woman at Hero Complex
Left photo : Wonder Woman wearing the star - spangled outfit she 's traditionally worn , in an illustration by artist Nicola Scott .
Credit : Associated Press
Right photo : Wonder Woman 's new look , designed by DC Comics co-publisher Jim Lee , includes black leggings and a motorcycle jacket .
Credit : DC Comics
Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal confronts the specter of a collapse of U.S. political support for the war in Afghanistan in coming months comparable to the one that occurred in the Iraq War in late 2006 .
On Thursday , McChrystal ’s message that his strategy will weaken the Taliban in its heartland took its worst beating thus far , when he admitted that the planned offensive in Kandahar City and surrounding districts is being delayed until September at the earliest , because it does not have the support of the Kandahar population and leadership .
Equally damaging to the credibility of McChrystal ’s strategy was the Washington Post report published Thursday documenting in depth the failure of February ’s offensive in Marja .
The basic theme underlined in both stories  that the Afghan population in the Taliban heartland is not cooperating with U.S. and NATO forces  is likely to be repeated over and over again in media coverage in the coming months .
The Kandahar operation , which McChrystal ’s staff has touted as the pivotal campaign of the war , had previously been announced as beginning in June .
But it is now clear that McChrystal has understood for weeks that the most basic premise of the operation turned out to be false .
“ When you go to protect people , the people have to want you to protect them , ” said McChrystal , who was in Brussels for a NATO conference .
He did n’t have to spell out the obvious implication : the people of Kandahar do n’t want the protection of foreign troops .
The Washington Post story on McChrystal ’s announcement reported “ U.S. officials ” had complained that “ the support from Kandaharis that the United States was counting on [ Afghan President Hamid ] Karzai to deliver has not materialized . ”
That explanation hardly makes McChrystal ’s war plan more credible , because Karzai has made no secret of his preference for a negotiated settlement rather than continued efforts to weaken the Taliban by occupying key Taliban strongholds .
The report in the Post , written by National Editor Rajiv Chandrasekaran , provided the first detailed evidence of the systematic non-cooperation of the population of the district - sized area called Marja with U.S. troops .
Chandrasekaran reported that female U.S. Marines tried to get Afghan women to come to a meeting last week , but that not a single woman showed up .
And despite a NATO offer to hire as many as 10,000 residents for labor projects on irrigation projects , only about 1,200 have signed up .
The U.S. officials in Marja are trying to convince local residents , in effect , that they should trust the foreign troops to protect them from the Taliban , but the Taliban are still able to threaten to credibly to punish those who collaborate with occupation forces .
About a dozen people have been killed for such collaboration already , and many more have been warned to stop , according to Chandrasekaran ’s report .
“ You ca n’t get beyond security when you talk to people , ” a civilian official working on development told the Post editor .
“ They do n’t want to entertain discussions about projects . ”
Chandrasekaran also reported that representatives of rural development and education projects came to Marja initially and then retreated to the province center .
They appear to be as convinced as the population that the Taliban will continue to be a powerful presence in the region .
That was not supposed to happen when the U.S. - NATO declared victory in Marja three months ago .
To ensure that no Taliban would be able to operate in the area , McChrystal had deployed nearly 15,000 U.S. , British and Afghan troops to control Marja ’s population .
Despite news media references before and during the offensive to Marja as a “ city of 80,000 , ” it was an agricultural area whose population of about 35,000 was spread over some 120 square kilometers , based on the fewer than 50 dwellings shown on the Google Earth map of a 1.2 kilometer segment of the area .
That means the 15,000 NATO and Afghan troops provide a ratio of one occupying soldier for every two members of the population .
Counterinsurgency doctrine normally calls for one soldier for every 50 people in the target area .
The fact that the U.S. - NATO forces could not clear the Taliban from Marja despite such an unusually heavy concentration of troops is devastating evidence that the McChrystal strategy has failed .
Throughout 2009 , media coverage of the war was focused on plans for a new offensive strategy that promised to turn the war around .
But Thursday ’s double dose of bad news suggests a cascade of news stories to come that will reinforce the conclusion that the war is futile .
That in turn could lead to what might be an “ Iraq 2006 moment ”  the swift unraveling of political support for the war on the part of the elected and unelected political elite , as occurred in the Iraq War in the second half of 2006 .
The collapse of elite political support for the Iraq War followed months of coverage of sectarian violence showing the U.S. military had lost control of the war .
McChrystal is still hoping , however , to be given much more time to change the attitudes of the population in Helmand and Kandahar .
Chandrasekaran quoted “ a senior U.S. military official in Afghanistan ”  the term often used for McChrystal himself  as saying , “ We ’re on an Afghan timetable , and the Afghan timetable is not the American timetable . ”
The official added , “ And that is the crux of the problem . ”
McChrystal and his boss , CENTCOM chief Gen. David Petraeus , may now be counting on pressure from the Republican Party to force President Barack Obama to reverse his present position that withdrawal of U.S. troops will begin next year .
That was the view expressed Thursday by retired Army lieutenant colonel and former Petraeus aide John Nagl , a leading specialist on counterinsurgency who is now president of the Center for a New American Security .
After the organization ’s annual conference , Nagle told IPS that Obama will have to shift policy next year to give more time to McChrystal , because he would otherwise be too vulnerable to Republican attacks on his Afghanistan policy going into the 2012 election campaign .
( Inter Press Service )
Six of the Magnificent Seven , the cemeteries used by the ciizens of nineteenth - century London , are open during this weekend .
This is Brompton cemetery , built in 1840 .
Emmeline Pankhurst is buried in the grounds and Beatrix Potter is said to have taken the names of some of her characters from the tombstones .
8:00
Sylvester
and Tweety / CBS
The whole Warner Brothers gang was back for another year .
8:30
Bugs Bunny /
Road Runner Hour / CBS
So popular CBS leads with an hour and a half of old Warner Brothers cartoons .
CBS shuffled the schedule mid-season , shortened this show to 30 minutes , and ' Clue Club ' moved to this timeslot .
Bugs ' and Road Runner 's show returned to an hour length in the summer .
9:30
Tarzan , Lord of the Jungle / CBS
Edgar Rice Burrough 's jungle character comes to Saturday mornings as a cartoon .
For decades , you could always find the old 1940 's Tarzan movies airing Saturday and Sunday afternoons on local stations .
10:00
Shazam / Isis / CBS
( debut )
Third year for teenager Billy Batson , who travels around in a van with his ' Mentor ' and yells " Shazam " to turn into the mighty Captain Marvel .
Starring John Davey , Michael Gray and Les Tremayne .
Teen idol Michael Gray slid into obscurity and ( briefly ) drug addiction after ' Shazam ' ended .
He now owns a flower shop in LA .
John Davey was the second actor to play the Captain , the first was Jackson Bostwick .
CBS could n't call the show ' Captain Marvel ' because of possible trademark infringement with Marvel Comics - even though Captain Marvel was created decades before Marvel Comics came along .
Created for television and seen in separate adventures and sometimes with Captain Marvel , mighty Isis was mild - mannered science teacher Andrea Thomas in her day gig .
After finding a magic amulet on an archaeological dig , she takes on super powers when she utters the words , " Oh Mighty Isis ! " and displays the golden amulet .
Isis was played by the lovely Joanna Cameron , her pet crow was named Tut. Shazam / Isis was moved to 11:00 mid-season .
Tarzan , Lord of the Jungle and The New Adventures of Batman filled this timeslot starting in February .
The New Adventures of Batman featured the voices of Adam West and Burt Ward and ran until 1981 .
11:00
Ark II / CBS
( debut )
Live action futuristic drama about a roving scientific team in the 25th century looking for lost civilizations in a souped - up mini-van after a great disaster has ravaged the Earth .
Terry Lester as Noah , Jose Flores as Samuel , Jean Marie Hon as Ruth , along with Adam , the talking chimp .
Very similar in concept to Gene Roddenberry 's ' Earth II ' TV - movie / pilot .
Typical plots :
The Ark II crew finds a village where old and sick people are left to survive on their own in the wilderness , three telepathic kids need rescuing , Geoffrey Lewis ' spring water causes instant aging , Samuel creates a fumbling robot that saves them from a strange gas .
An old con man ( Jonathan Harris from ' Lost In Space ' ) leads a band of marauding orphans .
A drought has the team looking for a 20th century rain making machine .
The ' Arkites ' find a village where technology is considered evil and meet up with a futuristic ' Robin Hood ' .
Only one season 's worth of episodes were filmed , Ark II moved to 12:30 in February .
A second season of reruns were seen on Sundays in 1977 .
Ark II now on DVD !
11:30 Clue Club / CBS
( debut )
Hanna - Barbera rips off their own Scooby - concept - only now it's two dogs and a group of teenagers out solving mysteries .
Lasts just this season , but is brought back for reruns in 1978 .
12:00
Fat Albert and the
Cosby Kids / CBS
This season 's storylines : Wombly refuses to quit smoking until his dad has a coughing attack .
A TV addict 's habit interferes with his schoolwork .
Rudy quits school because he hates his new teacher .
Edward has trouble backing up his tall tales .
The gang comes in contact with drugs .
A handicapped boy thinks he wo n't be accepted because of his disability .
A classmate 's parents are n't getting along .
A friend has personal hygiene problems .
The guys get stage fright before a contest and homesick at camp .
All of these problems are solved or at least resolved with the help of Bill this season .
12:30 Way Out Games / CBS Sonny
Fox hosted this game show with young teams from all over the country competing in athletic feats .
In the Fifties , Sonny Fox was the original host of Wonderama ( still running on Sunday mornings in 1976 over on the Metromedia ' network ' with host Bob McAllister ) .
Both of CBS & ABC 's attempts to revive Fifties ' kid show hosts with Saturday morning game shows failed this year ( Soupy Sales at noon was the other ) .
Way Out Games moved to 1:00 mid-season , then to Sunday mornings but most local stations dropped it in favor of syndicated shows and sports .
In 1977 , Sonny Fox was made head of Saturday Morning programming for NBC .
1:00
The CBS Children 's Film Festival / CBS
Another season hosted by Kukla , Fran and Ollie - also kid show hosts from the fifties .
This anthology featured hour and half - hour films , like " Cold Pizza " from Canada .
8:00
Tom and Jerry / Grape
Ape / Mumbley Show / ABC
The snickering dog from ' Wacky Races ' joins his fellow Hanna - Barbera creations in an hour of empty - headed cartoons .
The show was downgraded to a half - hour midseason .
9:00
Jabberjaw / ABC
( debut )
Now this was a good show !
Jabberjaw was a shark with a big mouth , but I forget what the point of this cartoon was , solving undersea mysteries probably .
JJ was also the drummer for his rock band , The Neptunes 9:30
The Scooby Doo
Dynamutt Hour / ABC
( debut )
A robotic version of Scooby joins the cowardly great Dane for a hour .
Midseason , the show is lengthened to an hour and a half .
10:30
The Krofft
Supershow / ABC
( debut ) Starring Captain Kool and the Kongs , a " rock group " , t served as hosts for an orgy of Sid and Marty Krofft weirdness .
This show was made up of a number of different segments , including : Wonderbug was a beach buggy that talked and got into all kinds of trouble with his teenage companions .
Sort of a live action ' Speed Buggy ' .
Dr. Shrinker was an evil scientist who could shrink his unfortunate victims with his deadly shrink ray .
A tiny group of his victims fight back .
Billy Barty played Dr. Shrinker ’s assistant .
Electra Woman and Dynagirl , the darling duo of Saturday mornings , are reporters that fight crime as costumed daredolls .
Diedre Hall stars as Superherionne Electra Woman with Judy Strangis as her sidekick Dynagirl .
The Lost Saucer is seen in reruns from the previous season .
Starring Jim Nabors and Ruth Buzzi as two aliens along with two Earthling companions lost in space .
Both Nabors and Buzzi were srtarring in top rated prime time shows ( Gomer Pyle USMC & Laugh - in ) just a few years earlier .
The Krofft Supershow started out at an hour and a half , but was trimmed to an hour midseason , and Superfriends returned for a long run .
Are you worried about MB5 - 858 and HP2 - Z07 ?
Check out our latest resources like oracle 11g certification and N10 - 004 questions for practice with definite guarantee of 646-671 dumps .
12:00
Junior Almost
Anything Goes / ABC
( debut )
Based on a popular nighttime game show of the day .
Legendary kid show host and TV pioneer Soupy Sales was the host , young people competed in wacky games for scholarships and merchandise .
Celebrity guest - stars help out as coaches , including William Shatner , Marty Allen , Phyllis Diller , Jo Anne Worley , Abe Vigoda , Leslie Anne Warren , Avery Schieber , Don Knotts , Liz Torres , Jackie Cooper , Vicki Lawrence and Bill Dailey .
Lasts only one year , moving to Sunday mornings in February .
The show was replaced midseason by ' The Oddball Couple ' reruns from 1975 , a cartoon loosely based on ' The Odd Couple ' sitcom that ran on ABC in primetime for 5 years .
12:30
American Bandstand / ABC
Elton John and Kiki Dee appear on the season opener - performing their big hit song " Do n't Go Breakin ' My Heart " .
Also appearing on the season opener , Captain Kool and the Kongs and mime superstars Shields and Yarnell , a duo with their own variety show on CBS .
Later episodes this season bring : Pointer Sisters , Rufus with Chaka Khan , Mellisa Manchester , Stephen Bishop , Deniece Williams , The Ritchie Family , The Sylvers , Bay City Rollers , Johnny Bristol , Four Tops , Rick Dees and his Cast of Idiots ( performing ' Disco Duck ' ) , David Brenner , Walter Murphy , Rick Springfield and a computerized hand puppet named Rodney .
Starring Dick Clark , AB was the longest - running network series in 1976 .
Clark was on the air 6 days a week on ABC in 1976 , with ' $ 25,000 Pyramid ' seen Monday - Friday .
A catalog of all
the classic TV
shows on DVD !
Android mini collectibles Series 01
2010 , 3 ; " tall .
Vinyl .
Blind boxed
Produced in association with Google , Inc. Series 1 features 12 different possible blind - boxed designs available individually or in cases of 16 .
Pick up a few and try your luck , or grab a whole case to secure a nearly - full set .
Ratio of designs :
Where to buy
Seldom do flooding rains reach Lake Eyre in the arid heart of the continent , but it has now happened two years in a row , triggering a spectacular explosion of life in the region .
The outback rivers are flowing from a series of rain events across the deserts of central Australia which began late last year , and there is nearly as much water in Lake Eyre as there was at the height of last year 's flood - with more to come .
The big difference this year is the huge flood working its way down the Cooper Creek , east of Lake Eyre .
It is 20 years since the Cooper flowed into Lake Eyre but it will soon reach there , adding to the water already delivered by the rivers from the north , channelled down the Warburton Creek .
Outback adventurer Rex Ellis has witnessed every flooding event at Lake Eyre for the past 50 years .
He famously crossed the lake by boat when it was last full to the top in 1974 and believes this year 's flood will be the biggest since then .
" This is the driest state in the driest continent on earth apparently - apart from Antarctica - and there 's more water in north - east South Australia than you can poke a stick at ! " he said .
Desert areas that were ravaged by dust storms just before Christmas are lush and green , with patches of brilliant wildflowers .
The vast floodplains around Lake Eyre have been turned into wetlands brimming with life , and the birds have returned to breed .
When drought takes hold of this country , as it usually does for year on end , there 's no sign of the birds .
But as soon as the rivers run they 're back .
How they know the water is there remains one of the big unanswered questions for the scientists , including Professor Richard Kingsford , a leading expert on Australia 's waterbirds .
" We do n't even know the basics of where these birds are going , how they know to go to a place , " he said .
Scientists are working on theories that the birds may carry out reconnaissance flights to check on weather changes in the outback and that those hatched in central Australia may have the homing instinct to return there when a good season occasionally arrives .
Pelicans have returned to rivers and waterholes all around Lake Eyre to breed , as have many other species of waterbirds , including cormorants and ibis .
Last year 's flood flow to Lake Eyre provided a crucial bird breeding opportunity after the long drought .
It is rare that they would get the benefit of another flood the following year .
" These are the critical ones , " said Professor Kingsford , " where you 've got one flood that has primed the system last year and then a massive flood that 's coming down . "
" What 's so exciting about this one is that it 's coming down all of those river systems . "
The Cooper Creek has already crossed the Birdsville Track on its way to Lake Eyre and the South Australian Government has had to dust off a 40 - year - old punt to act as a vehicular ferry .
The punt has been sitting in the desert since the Cooper last crossed the Birdsville Track and ran into Lake Eyre in 1990 .
On islands in the middle of Lake Eyre , thousands of seagulls have joined the bird invasion to breed .
They are regular visitors to Lake Eyre at flood times but their big numbers indicate how bountiful the season is expected to be .
On the floodplains , alive with life at all levels , the predators stalk their prey .
The dingoes are sleek and well - fed and the skies are filled with wheeling kites .
" These boom periods are when the whole biological system takes off , and whatever level you 're looking at , from the microscopic up to the pelican , they 're doing their thing , " said Professor Kingsford .
Cattle stations emerging from the drought years are trying to restock their properties , now boasting knee - high pastures that will provide feed for another two seasons .
On Gidgealpa Station , near Innamincka in the north - east corner of South Australia , Jason Barnes has just taken delivery of 80 cows from the Northern Territory to start rebuilding his herd .
" It 's hard to buy the cattle back , to buy good cattle back , " he said .
" Everyone in Australia is looking for cattle , everyone has had a good start , so it 's hard .
We 're lucky we got onto some good cattle here , got a good starting block .
We should be all right . "
The rare greening of the red centre is expected to produce a big tourist boom for the second successive year .
Rex Ellis , who has just taken a group in boats down the Warburton Creek to Lake Eyre , puts it this way : " Muslims like to go to Mecca .
Aussies like to go to Lake Eyre . "
2020 Sommer der Krüppelbewegung ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Sweet Transvestite " ) / ( writer : " Sweet Transvestite " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Sweet Transvestite " ) / ( writer : " Sweet Transvestite " )
2019 Une jeunesse dorée ( performer : " Time Warp " ) / ( writer : " Time Warp " )
( performer : " Time Warp " ) / ( writer : " Time Warp " )
2018 Deutschland 86 ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Total Onslaught ( 2018 ) ... ( performer : " Over At The Frankenstein Place ( The Rocky Horror Picture Show ) " , " Science Fiction / Double Feature ( The Rocky Horror Picture Show ) " ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2017 / II The Stolen ( performer : " The Garden Where the Praties Grow " - uncredited )
( performer : " The Garden Where the Praties Grow " - uncredited )
2016 The Rocky Horror Picture Show : Let 's Do the Time Warp Again ( TV Movie ) ( writer : " Science Fiction / Double Feature " , " Dammit Janet " , " Over at the Frankenstein Place " , " The Time Warp " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " Sword of Damocles " , " I Can Make You a Man " , " Hot Patootie ( Bless My Soul ) Whatever Happened to Saturday Night " , " I Can Make You a Man ( Reprise ) " , " Toucha , Toucha , Toucha , Touch Me " , " Once in a While " , " Eddie " , " Planet Schmanet Janet " , " Planet Hot Dog " , " Rose Tint My World " , " Do n't Dream It " , " Wild and Untamed Thing " , " I'm Going Home " , " Super Heroes " )
( TV Movie ) ( writer : " Science Fiction / Double Feature " , " Dammit Janet " , " Over at the Frankenstein Place " , " The Time Warp " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " Sword of Damocles " , " I Can Make You a Man " , " Hot Patootie ( Bless My Soul ) Whatever Happened to Saturday Night " , " I Can Make You a Man ( Reprise ) " , " Toucha , Toucha , Toucha , Touch Me " , " Once in a While " , " Eddie " , " Planet Schmanet Janet " , " Planet Hot Dog " , " Rose Tint My World " , " Do n't Dream It " , " Wild and Untamed Thing " , " I'm Going Home " , " Super Heroes " )
2015 The Rocky Horror Show Live ( performer : " Superheroes " , " The Time Warp ( Encore ) " , " Sweet Transvestite ( Encore ) " , " The Time Warp ( Encore Reprise ) " ) / ( writer : " Science Fiction / Double Feature " , " Dammit Janet " , " Over at the Frankenstein Place " , " The Time Warp " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " The Sword of Damocles " , " I Can Make You a Man " , " Hot Patootie " , " I Can Make You a Man ( Reprise ) " , " Touch - a , Touch - a , Touch - a , Touch Me " , " Once in a While " , " Eddie 's Teddy " , " Planet , Schmanet , Janet " , " Rose Tint My World " , " Fanfare / Do n't Dream It " , " Wild and Untamed Thing " , " I'm Going Home " , " Superheroes " , " Science Fiction / Double Feature ( Reprise ) " , " The Time Warp ( Encore ) " , " Sweet Transvestite ( Encore ) " )
( performer : " Superheroes " , " The Time Warp ( Encore ) " , " Sweet Transvestite ( Encore ) " , " The Time Warp ( Encore Reprise ) " ) / ( writer : " Science Fiction / Double Feature " , " Dammit Janet " , " Over at the Frankenstein Place " , " The Time Warp " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " The Sword of Damocles " , " I Can Make You a Man " , " Hot Patootie " , " I Can Make You a Man ( Reprise ) " , " Touch - a , Touch - a , Touch - a , Touch Me " , " Once in a While " , " Eddie 's Teddy " , " Planet , Schmanet , Janet " , " Rose Tint My World " , " Fanfare / Do n't Dream It " , " Wild and Untamed Thing " , " I'm Going Home " , " Superheroes " , " Science Fiction / Double Feature ( Reprise ) " , " The Time Warp ( Encore ) " , " Sweet Transvestite ( Encore ) " )
2014 Saphirblau ( writer : " The Time Warp " - as Richard O'Brian )
( writer : " The Time Warp " - as Richard O'Brian )
2012 Vielleicht lieber morgen ( lyrics : " Do n't Dream It " , " Toucha Toucha Touch Me " ) / ( music : " Do n't Dream It " , " Toucha Toucha Touch Me " )
( lyrics : " Do n't Dream It " , " Toucha Toucha Touch Me " ) / ( music : " Do n't Dream It " , " Toucha Toucha Touch Me " )
2012 Évocateur : The Morton Downey Jr. Movie ( Documentary ) ( writer : " Late Night Morton Downey Jr. Show " )
( Documentary ) ( writer : " Late Night Morton Downey Jr. Show " )
Glee ( TV Series ) ( lyrics - 1 episode , 2010 ) ( music - 1 episode , 2010 )
The Rocky Horror Glee Show ( 2010 ) ... ( lyrics : " Science Fiction Double Feature " , " Over at the Frankenstein Place " , " Dammit Janet " , " Whatever Happened to Saturday Night ?
( Hot Patootie - Bless My Soul ) " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " Touch - a Touch - a Touch - a Touch Me " , " The Time Warp " - uncredited ) / ( music : " Science Fiction Double Feature " , " Over at the Frankenstein Place " , " Dammit Janet " , " Whatever Happened to Saturday Night ?
( Hot Patootie - Bless My Soul ) " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " Touch - a Touch - a Touch - a Touch Me " , " The Time Warp " - uncredited ) ( TV Series ) ( lyrics - 1 episode , 2010 ) ( music - 1 episode , 2010 )
2004 Connie und Carla ( performer : " Time Warp " ) / ( writer : " Time Warp " )
( performer : " Time Warp " ) / ( writer : " Time Warp " )
2001 The 55th Annual Tony Awards ( TV Special ) ( writer : " The Time Warp " )
( TV Special ) ( writer : " The Time Warp " )
2000 A Regular Frankie Fan ( Documentary ) ( lyrics : " Science Fiction / Double Feature " , " Rose Tints My World and Hot Patootie " , " Toucha - Touch Me " , " Time Warp " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " I'm Going Home " , " Planet Schmanet Janet " ) / ( music : " Science Fiction / Double Feature " , " Rose Tints My World and Hot Patootie " , " Toucha - Touch Me " , " Time Warp " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " I'm Going Home " , " Planet Schmanet Janet " )
( Documentary ) ( lyrics : " Science Fiction / Double Feature " , " Rose Tints My World and Hot Patootie " , " Toucha - Touch Me " , " Time Warp " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " I'm Going Home " , " Planet Schmanet Janet " ) / ( music : " Science Fiction / Double Feature " , " Rose Tints My World and Hot Patootie " , " Toucha - Touch Me " , " Time Warp " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " I'm Going Home " , " Planet Schmanet Janet " )
2000 Rocky Horror 25 : Anniversary Special ( TV Special ) ( performer : " The Time Warp " ) / ( writer : " Science Fiction / Double Feature " , " The Time Warp " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " The Charles Atlas Song ( I Can Make You a Man ) " , " Hot Patootie " , " Touch - A , Touch - A , Touch Me " , " Planet , Schmanet , Janet " , " Rose Tint My World " , " I'm Going Home " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " The Time Warp " ) / ( writer : " Science Fiction / Double Feature " , " The Time Warp " , " Sweet Transvestite " , " The Charles Atlas Song ( I Can Make You a Man ) " , " Hot Patootie " , " Touch - A , Touch - A , Touch Me " , " Planet , Schmanet , Janet " , " Rose Tint My World " , " I'm Going Home " )
1999 The Rocky Interactive Horror Show ( Video Game ) ( writer : " Timewarp " , " Over at the Frankenstein Place " , " Science Fiction Double Feature " )
( Video Game ) ( writer : " Timewarp " , " Over at the Frankenstein Place " , " Science Fiction Double Feature " )
Spaced ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode , 1999 ) ( writer - 1 episode , 1999 )
Gatherings ( 1999 ) ... ( performer : " The Time Warp " ) / ( writer : " The Time Warp " ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode , 1999 ) ( writer - 1 episode , 1999 )
1993 Memory ( TV Movie ) ( writer : " La dansa del temps " )
( TV Movie ) ( writer : " La dansa del temps " )
1983 Return of Captain Invincible oder Wer fürchtet sich vor Amerika ?
( lyrics : " Captain Invincible " , " Evil Midnight " , " Name Your Poison " ) / ( performer : " Captain Invincible " )
( lyrics : " Captain Invincible " , " Evil Midnight " , " Name Your Poison " ) / ( performer : " Captain Invincible " )
1981 Shock Treatment ( performer : " Farley 's Song " , " Lullaby " , " Little Black Dress " , " Shock Treatment " , " Look What I Did To My Id " ) / ( writer : " Overture " , " Denton , U.S.A " , " Bitchin ' In The Kitchen " , " In My Own Way " , " Thank God I 'm A Man " , " Farley 's Song " , " Lullaby " , " Little Black Dress " , " Me of Me " , " Shock Treatment " , " Carte Blanche " , " Looking for Trade " , " Look What I Did To My Id " , " Breaking Out " , " Duel Duet " , " Anyhow , Anyhow " )
( performer : " Farley 's Song " , " Lullaby " , " Little Black Dress " , " Shock Treatment " , " Look What I Did To My Id " ) / ( writer : " Overture " , " Denton , U.S.A " , " Bitchin ' In The Kitchen " , " In My Own Way " , " Thank God I 'm A Man " , " Farley 's Song " , " Lullaby " , " Little Black Dress " , " Me of Me " , " Shock Treatment " , " Carte Blanche " , " Looking for Trade " , " Look What I Did To My Id " , " Breaking Out " , " Duel Duet " , " Anyhow , Anyhow " )
This evening I have a couple covers to share from a pair hotly anticipated PS3 and Xbox 360 sequels coming our way later this year .
First up is the finalized cover for EA ’s Dead Space 2 , the sequel to the enormously popular Dead Space horror survival game that Hollywood intends to make a feature - length motion picture from .
Next is the key art for LucasArts ’ Star Wars : The Force Unleashed II .
Key art is what will be used to create the cover so imagine a text overlay to get the idea .
Unlike Dead Space 2 , we know the release date for Star Wars : The Force Unleased II which is October 26 .
Pre-order Dead Space 2 for the platform of your choice at discounted price from Amazon.com .
Pre-order Star Wars : The Force Unleashed II for the platform of your choice at discounted price from Amazon.com .
In a reversal of its Budget announcement , the Government now says a $ 4.8 million allocation to the Pacific Economic Development Agency could be opened to other groups .
The private company , known as PEDA , was awarded the money to improve the economic wellbeing of Pacific people in Auckland over the next four years .
But on Thursday afternoon the Government changed tack , saying that if the terms of a contract with PEDA to provide various services could not be agreed upon , the funding would be opened up to other organistions .
Earlier it emerged that PEDA was given the contract despite the Ministry of Pacific Island Affairs warning Pacific Island Affairs Minister Georgina te Heuheu that the two - year - old company had an unproven record and the allocation was therefore a significant risk .
Earlier , Mrs te Heuheu said ministry officials would play a central role in managing the contract .
She had said the agency 's application was successful because it had business connections and networks that could help Pacific Islanders .
Radio New Zealand obtained a six - page proposal by the agency to Finance Minister Bill English that contained only a few paragraphs about each of five projects and no detailed budget .
PEDA requested the money to fund five projects centred on employment , leadership , manufacturing , community development and performing arts .
Ministry of Pacific Island Affairs chief executive Colin Tukuitonga says he is aware the decision to allocate the money to PEDA is very unpopular .
But he says there is a risk the community could end up losing the money altogether .
Opposition MPs have criticised the Budget allocation process , saying it should have been put up for tender .
The Labour Party says it may ask the Auditor - General to investigate how PEDA came to be awarded the funding .
' Robust ' proposal , says agency
PEDA has defended its funding proposal as robust .
Chief executive Anthony Pereira says he is currently working with the ministry to finalise a purchase agreement on the contract .
He says he will not speak publicly until that process is concluded .
Mr Pereira said his funding submission was backed by earlier work and submissions provided by the last government at a Pacific Development Conference in 2008 .
The MOUs Sacrificed , So Should You
" A lynch mob is expanding : the peasants with their pitchforks surrounding the corporate headquarters of AIG , demanding heads .
Death threats are pouring in .
All of this being ginned up by the Obama administration ...
This $ 500,000 limit on executive pay -- let me tell you why it wo n't work .
New York City will die .
New York City needs a whole bunch of people being paid a whole lot of money , so they can tax their butts off , so that the city can maintain its stupid streets , potholes , and welfare state .
Without the super wealthy in New York , it 's over .
...
This -- it 's just a populist ruse .
It 's just designed to people go , ' Yeah , yeah ! ' "
" The pay scale for Wall Street is different ( than ) the pay scale for America , " explained the chief lobbyist for the Financial Services Roundtable in an ABC News interview this month .
" So these numbers look large , but the market value for these executives -- there 's a very small talent pool of individuals that have the education , experience and knowledge to operate a global , international services firm in this day and age .
I do n't think the issue is a dollar amount .
It 's being paid what you 're worth .
Would you be willing to work for less than what you think you 're worth ? "
wailed
NY Times
After 12 months of hard work dismantling the company — during which A.I.G. reassured us many times we would be rewarded in March 2009 — we in the financial products unit have been betrayed by A.I.G. and are being unfairly persecuted by elected officials .
In response to this , I will now leave the company and donate my entire post - tax retention payment to those suffering from the global economic downturn .
My intent is to keep none of the money myself .
The profitability of the businesses with which I was associated clearly supported my compensation .
I never received any pay resulting from the credit default swaps that are now losing so much money .
I did , however , like many others here , lose a significant portion of my life savings in the form of deferred compensation invested in the capital of A.I.G. - F.P. because of those losses .
In this way I have personally suffered from this controversial activity — directly as well as indirectly with the rest of the taxpayers .
As most of us have done nothing wrong , guilt is not a motivation to surrender our earnings .
We have worked 12 long months under these contracts and now deserve to be paid as promised .
None of us should be cheated of our payments any more than a plumber should be cheated after he has fixed the pipes but a careless electrician causes a fire that burns down the house .
So what am I to do ?
There ’s no easy answer .
I know that because of hard work I have benefited more than most during the economic boom and have saved enough that my family is unlikely to suffer devastating losses during the current bust .
Some might argue that members of my profession have been overpaid , and I would n’t disagree .
On March 16 I received a payment from A.I.G. amounting to $ 742,006.40 , after taxes .
Image caption Oscar 's anti-social behaviour was reported to the police by his owners
The owners of a cat have reported their pet to the police after it started stealing dozens of knickers and items of underwear from neighbouring gardens .
Peter and Birgitt Weismantel adopted 12 - year - old Oscar from the Cats Protection charity at Christmas .
But as he started to settle in at their home in Gordon Avenue , Southampton , he started bringing home his stolen haul .
In recent weeks he has brought home about 70 items leading his owners to inform the police .
Mr Weismantel , 72 , said Oscar first started bringing home gardening gloves but quickly moved on to ladies knickers , socks and children 's underwear .
As the haul built up his owners became concerned that neighbours would think there was a thief operating in the area so Mr Weismantel contacted police to tell them about his pet 's anti-social behaviour .
' Paying his way '
He said : " When we let him out in the garden he started bringing us back gardening gloves and bits of rubber gloves and then he went up market and started bringing back children 's knickers .
" Then it began to escalate and I telephoned the police as people must have been missing clothes , especially with women 's underwear being taken .
" But he just does n't stop and he 's still doing it now .
" It 's all a bit mysterious .
We do n't know where he 's getting the items from because there are no children living near to us so he might be going quite far afield .
" We feel that he is bringing us presents as a token of appreciation , an offer to help pay his way . "
Maggie Roberts , director of veterinary services at Cats Protection , said : " Cats generally bring prey or other items back to the core area of their territory where they feel safe , usually the house for domestic cats .
" This is a natural behaviour that is completely normal and is n't a cause for concern . "
Under a new proposal business owners would not be allowed to dismiss a member of staff because they have reached the age of 65
The government hopes the change will encourage people to work for longer
The government have announced that they plan to end the default retirement age of 65 in the UK from October 2011 .
Under the new proposal business owners would not be allowed to dismiss an employee because they have reached the age of 65 .
Under the current law an employer can force an employee to retire at the age of 65 without paying any financial compensation .
The only obligation on an employer is to hold a meeting with the member of staff to discuss plans at least six months before their 65th birthday .
While many have welcomed the government launching a consultation process about scrapping the Default Retirement Age ( DRA ) age , the Confederation of British Industry ( CBI ) have reacted cautiously to the news .
" The decision to abandon the DRA leaves business with many unresolved problems , and the government 's timetable to scrap it will give companies little time to prepare , " said John Cridland , CBI Deputy Director - General .
" Scrapping the DRA will leave a vacuum , and raise a large number of complex legal and employment questions , which the government has not yet addressed .
This will create uncertainty among employers and staff , who do not know where they stand .
There will need to be more than a code of practice to address these practical issues ; we will need changes in the law to deal more effectively with difficult employment situations .
"
The government hopes the change will encourage people to work for longer and could ease the strain on public finances as more people continue to pay tax , while at the same time claiming the state pension .
Activists have argued it could inject billions of pounds extra into the economy but some employers are worried it will complicate the job of managing a workforce and add to overall costs .
Starting July 31 , North America players of Pokemon HeartGold and SoulSilver have 28 days to download the Enigma Stone , the key to unlocking Legendary Pokemon Latias and Latios .
Advertisement
Legendary Pokemon Latias can be captured in Pokemon HeartGold .
Her brother Latios can be captured in Pokemon SoulSilver .
Both are exclusive to those games , unless the player has access to an Enigma Stone .
How does one get an Enigma stone ?
From July 31 through August 27 , The Pokemon Company and Nintendo are making the Enigma Stone available to Pokemon fans in North America .
Players with wireless access will be able to download the special item , which eventually leads to a chance at catching Latios in HeartGold and Latias in SoulSilver .
Advertisement
In order to use the Enigma Stone , players will need to have beaten the Elite Four , claimed the National Pokedex , and have two or fewer Wonder Cards in their possession .
Bulbapedia has a nifty little summary of how the deal goes down .
Just make sure you go online and claim your Enigma Stone before August 27 .
Then you can start worrying about how to use it to get dates .
TEL AVIV , Israel — Peering over colorful poster boards , school children chant , “ I ’m an Israeli child , Israel is my homeland ! ”
But while they were born in Israel , speak Hebrew and sport popular Israeli names , they ’re not legally Israeli children : they ’re the sons and daughters of Filipino , Thai and Chinese migrant workers .
When the school year ends today , 1,200 of these children are scheduled for deportation .
As Israel lacks any formal immigration policy for non-Jews , all regulations regarding migrant workers are at the discretion of the interior minister , Eli Yishai .
Yishai , who is also the head of the ultra- orthodox Shas Party , said strict immigration control is essential to protect the Jewish character of the state .
A strong supporter of the deportation plan , he recently threatened to give up his immigration duties if the children are allowed to stay .
“ [ They are ] liable to damage the state ’s Jewish identity , constitute a demographic threat and increase the danger of assimilation , ” Yishai told Ha’aretz , an Israeli daily .
Public outrage over the practice of deporting children of migrant workers led to heated debate and deep divisions within the Israeli parliament .
Earlier this month , several thousand Israelis , migrant workers and public figures held a final protest in Tel Aviv in anticipation of expected recommendations from a government committee assigned to the issue , which were to be followed by a final vote by the Israeli cabinet .
But the decision never came .
And now , as the school year ends , migrant families are left living in uncertainty , wondering if or when they will be deported .
“ Instead of looking for summer camps , these children are looking for places to hide , ” said Rotem Ilan , founder of Israeli Children , an NGO leading the fight against the deportation of migrant children .
Hints about the committee ’s recommendations released to the Israeli press indicate that if the government grants residency , it will be a “ one time , humanitarian ” decision .
While Israel is not the only country in the region that does not offer citizenship to its migrant workers , its sizeable foreign labor force and disproportionately large pool of refugees demanding the right of return make a permanent immigration policy in the Jewish state difficult to establish .
Such a move would not be unprecedented .
About five years ago , a group of about 900 children were granted residency if they were in Israeli schools , over 10 years old and spoke Hebrew .
Jena Zuno , now 23 , was one of the “ lucky ones . ”
But , she said , being a foreigner in Israel has not been easy .
“ When I was in high school , the other kids would tell me , ‘ Come and clean my grandfather ’s shit ' and stuff like that because their grandfather has a Filipino caregiver who cleans all the mess in their house , ” she said .
“ It still feels like I am a foreigner even though I am an Israeli because I do n’t look like an Israeli .
If I take a cab they speak with me in English because they do n’t know that I speak Hebrew .
My mother always told me , you can stay here but you can always go back if you do n’t feel like it — but Israel is my home . ”
Out of about 300,000 migrant workers living in Israel , an estimated 250,000 are illegal according to the Immigration Ministry .
In response , the Israeli government created a special police unit , known as Oz , to track and deport all illegal workers by 2013 .
Ilan said the rules governing the daily lives of migrant workers , which are enforced by the Interior Ministry , are brutally stringent .
“ It ’s written as a regulation that migrant workers can not be in relationships , ” she said .
“ They ’re not allowed to have a boyfriend or a girlfriend , and they cannot come with their spouses or bring their children .
If they have children , they need to send them to the Philippines or bring them in person and after three months they can return to work . ”
The official reason is simple :
The foreign workers are here to work , not to be distracted by familial concerns .
Still , because Israel signed the United Nations treaty on child rights in 1990 , even children who live in Israel illegally are allowed to enroll in the school system .
Near the Tel Aviv central bus station is the rundown Neve Sha’anan neighborhood , the only area where one can see this cross-section of ethnicities in Israel .
The mothers here have formed an ad hoc “ neighborhood watch ” to look out for immigration police .
“ I ’m afraid , ” said Mila , a Filipino mother with an 8 - year - old son on the deportation list .
“ I run with my son , hide everywhere , cry in front of the buses when the immigration police question me . ”
Israelis began recruiting foreign labor during the Intifadas , the Palestinian uprisings two decades ago , when security issues and border closings made employing Palestinians more difficult .
Now ,
Thai migrants mostly work in agriculture while Filipinos are primarily caregivers for the elderly .
Private Israeli manpower companies , in exchange for commission fees far more than the legal limit , often ranging up to $ 10,000 , recruit them in their home countries .
“ No one controls this industry , ” said Idit Lebovitch , care - giving sector coordinator for the Tel Aviv - based Worker ’s Hotline .
“ Because most of these so - called agencies are not official agencies , you ca n’t even track the person the employee paid . ”
Foreign laborers work for minimum wage , rarely enough to pay back the debt incurred from recruiter fees .
“ The maximum time they allow us to work here [ 63 months ] is really not enough for us to recover expenses , ” said Ferdie , a caregiver who graduated in electrical engineering but could not find a job in the Philippines .
Ferdie ’s elderly employer just passed away and under Israeli law , that ’s equivalent to being fired .
He now faces a difficult and all - too - common decision : stay and work illegally , or head home .
Berlyn , another Filipino caregiver , sleeps six days a week in a converted dressing room in order to help her elderly employer , who has Parkinson ’s Disease , throughout the night .
As a live - in worker , she ’s on call 22 hours a day .
“ I am his arms , his hands , his feet — because he can’t do anything , ” she said .
“ He ca n’t walk alone , he ca n’t eat alone or pick up a glass of water because his hands are shaking . ”
On her free Saturdays , Berlyn returns to her Neve Sha’anan apartment where several mattresses , clothes and other possessions fill every corner .
“ In the wintertime one bed sleeps three people , ” Berlyn said .
“ We pay our $ 600 rent and split it by 11 people . ”
Berlyn sends her whole paycheck save $ 100 each month to her children in the Philippines ; her youngest , now 5 years old , was only 1 year old when she left .
Moriel Matalon , chairman of UNICEF in Israel , said the government should take action against its “ revolving door ” policy of deporting families , while simultaneously allowing entry to new workers .
“ In the Bible — the same one Eli Yishai reads — it says : ‘ Love the foreigner , because you were foreign workers in the Land of Egypt , ’ ” Matalon said .
“ Yet we ’ve forgotten this , just 60 years after we created a state . ”
Editor 's note :
This story has been updated to correct the reference to the children granted residency five years ago .
About 900 were granted residence , not 150 .
New York ( CNN ) --
A heat wave of historic proportions could strike some Northeast states , with prolonged triple - digit temperatures possibly creating " a dangerous situation , " the National Weather Service advised Monday .
The Weather Service issued heat advisories for several northeastern cities over the next few days as humidity levels gradually increase , producing heat index values that surpass 100 degrees Fahrenheit .
An excessive heat warning is in effect for the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , metropolitan area until 8 p.m. Wednesday , as record temperatures near 100 degrees are forecast for both Tuesday and Wednesday , the Weather Service said .
There will be little relief in the overnight hours , the service added .
Tuesday morning low temperatures in the Philadelphia area should be between 77 and 80 degrees , the Weather Service said .
For Wednesday the National Weather Service is predicting morning lows between 80 and 83 .
In New York City and surrounding areas , a heat advisory is in effect until 7 p.m.
Wednesday as high humidity levels and high temperatures will linger for two consecutive days , the Weather Service reported .
Heat advisories have also been issued until Tuesday evening for Boston , Massachusetts ; Washington , D.C. , Baltimore , Maryland ; central Maryland , northern Virginia and eastern West Virginia .
The increase in humidity , matched by weather patterns , may prompt additional heat advisories for central New Jersey , northeastern Maryland and central and southern Delaware , the service said .
The National Weather Service issues both warnings and advisories in extreme heat , with slight differences in the definitions .
But for both , temperatures are typically at or above 105 degrees for at least part of the day .
And for both , health experts say precautions are the same .
" People should take really strong measures to stay cool , " said Tim Slater of the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services .
" Stay in the air conditioning during the peak hours , stay hydrated , ( drink ) plenty of water , and especially , avoid any physical activity during the peak hours of the day when the sun is the hottest , late morning through afternoon . "
Frequent checks on elderly relatives , friends and neighbors are also strongly advised , said Slater .
" Make sure they have enough water and make sure their medications are up to date .
It 's a community effort , " said Slater .
" People have to look out for each other , not only in the winter when it 's very cold , but also in the summer , when we have heat like this . "
New York City residents are advised to call a help line at 3 - 1 - 1 to find cooling centers and obtain safety instructions .
Tuesday is expected to be the hottest day of the stretch , with highs in the Northeast ranging from 100 to 102 degrees and heat index values up to 106 , the Weather Service said .
According to the Weather Service , in the 40 - year period from 1936 through 1975 , nearly 20,000 people died in the United States from the effects of heat and solar radiation .
In a massive heat wave in 1980 , more than 1,250 people died , the Weather Service said .
CNN 's Shelby Lin Erdman contributed to this report .
Chase & Status today unveiled the official music video for their latest single Let You Go , which is finally released on 15th August .
It ’s an interesting narrative for the video , that I assume is based extremely loosely around The Jeremy Kyle show which is an English version of Jerry Springer .
Well maybe just the start of the video at least .
The iTunes digital bundle of Let You Go features some fantastic remixes by Brookes Brothers , Nero , Feed Me. Chase & Status have also thrown in a VIP mix to boot .
An IFPI - affiliated anti-piracy group has announced that it has gathered evidence on dozens of file - sharers and will shortly hand it to the police .
The group says it will hand over the results of its investigation into large scale file - sharers to the authorities this month and warns that the law allows those convicted to be jailed for up to 4 years .
While TorrentFreak tends to concentrate on the events surrounding the BitTorrent protocol , there are dozens of other ways to share files on the Internet .
One of those methods is known as Direct Connect , a hub - based ‘ shared folder ’ type system .
Direct Connect hubs are more difficult to access than regular torrent sites but once in , users tend to share their entire collections , be they music or movie based .
The index of all this material is shared between the users of the hub to show what is available and files can be accessed whenever the ‘ owner ’ of them is online .
They can prove an absolute gold mine of data .
Unfortunately , as some users of Direct Connect in Sweden have discovered in recent months , proving large scale infringement against them is much easier than with BitTorrent .
This has led to a number of arrests .
While Sweden has long been considered a relative hotbed for Direct Connect hubs , according to AIMR ( Asociatia Industriei Muzicale din Romania ) – Romania ’s answer to the RIAA – their country is leading the world when it comes to Direct Connect .
According to information just released , this month parent group IFPI monitored a total of 913 active active hubs in Romania .
In second place came Italy with 526 , ahead of France , Russia , Hungary , Sweden , Finland and Poland .
The United States came in at 10th place with just 143 .
AIMR says that Romanian Direct Connect hubs have around 75,000 users at any one time , peaking to around 100,000 in the evenings and at the weekends .
While these numbers may seems fairly low , the amounts being shared are n’t , with AIMR reporting that around 17,000 TB of data is being made available .
Since users generally only get hub access if they are prepared to offer media to the pool themselves , it means that nearly everyone is a significant provider of music and movies and therefore quite a big target for anti-piracy groups , especially when compared to BitTorrent users .
To this end , following an investigation in June , AIMR said it collected evidence against 40 ‘ large scale ’ users of Direct Connect hubs .
In AIMR terms , this means people sharing more than 5,000 music tracks .
“ In general , this means those who have shared more than 20 gigabytes of music , who have a constant presence online and are repeat users , ” said AIMR ’s Valeria Constantine in a statement .
“ We identify them by IP address and then go to the police and each ISP to trace them to their homes .
If it is proven that they uploaded music illegally then court proceedings can be initiated , ” she added .
“ The whole process can take over a year . ”
AIMR says it will send its evidence to the Fraud Investigation Service divisions of several police departments during July .
For those convicted of breaches of Art. 139 , Legea Nr. 8 / 1996 ( Article 139 , Law no. 8 of 1996 ) , there is a potential for harsh penalties – a maximum of 4 years in jail – but it ’s unlikely anyone will be punished to that extent .
Last year saw the first case against a Romanian music file - sharer ending in the accused having to pay compensation of around $ 3,000 to AIMR .
A second case this year ended in a similar manner .
AIMR has n’t always successfully followed up on its anti-piracy warnings though .
Following fears that The Pirate Bay might disappear after being bought by Hans Pandeya ’s Global Gaming Factory , a complete copy of the site ’s databases appeared online .
BTArena created a clone of The Pirate Bay and was immediately threatened by AIMR with legal action .
That site remains online today .
A woman has been given a suspended sentence for posting sex ads on a classifieds website on behalf of two unwitting people .
Aishling Madden ( 34 ) was convicted earlier this month following trial .
She had initially admitted posting the messages to the Gumtree website but then claimed she had brought a group of people back from a night out and that they had done it .
Madden of Monastery Drive , Clondalkin , pleaded not guilty to four counts of defamation against a man and a woman at her home between June 17th and 20th , 2006 .
She also denied a further two counts of publishing material which was grossly offensive , indecent or obscene .
The court heard that Madden was “ a very fragile person . ”
Defence counsel , Sean Gillane SC , said she suffered from mental health issues and had to be continuously monitored by her parents , with whom she continues to live .
Judge Patrick McCartan sentenced her to 12 months on each count but suspended it in full for three years on condition she complies with the instructions of her medical team .
Sgt Liam Coogan , who was attached to the Computer Crime Investigation Unit , told the court Madden said in an interview that she was working as a temporary receptionist for Accenture in May 2006 .
She said she came across the female victim ’s CV on the work computer and decided to email it to herself as she thought it was a good example of a receptionist ’s CV and she wanted to study it to improve her own CV .
Sgt Coogan said the CV appeared alongside the sexual comments and the woman 's contact details on the Gumtree website .
He said the CV was also found on a hard drive seized from Madden .
Madden told gardaíshe had met the male victim once when he working for the Office Angels recruitment company .
Sgt Coogan said an email between the man and Madden was also found on her hard drive .
She initially told gardaí she did not know who put the comments concerning the two victims on the website .
She ísaid it was not her and could not have been anyone else .
She said she wrote some “ rude ” comments about the woman on the website but never “ activated ” the post .
In a second interview , she told gardai three males and one female were in her house on the night the posts were made and had access to her computer .
She said they had found the woman ’s CV and posted it online along with the sexual comments but had not activated the post .
She said they did this as a practical joke .
She said one of the group was also responsible for the comments about the man .
She told gardai she had since forgotten their names and only knew them through meeting them a few times in the city centre .
The female victim gave evidence that she had been working as a receptionist for Accenture for several years and kept her CV under a password in her work computer .
She said she started receiving calls concerning the ad and her daughter then found it online .
She said she got 13 to 20 phone calls and five or six e-mails concerning it .
She said she had never heard of Gumtree before and none of the content of the ad was true .
The man gave evidence that he had interviewed Madden for temporary office jobs but she was not successful .
She said when he told her this she was “ not best pleased ” and hung up on him .
He said he got two emails relating to the ad before he contacted the site and they took it down .
None of the content was true .
In her defence , Mr Gillane submitted that “ there was no sustained period of harassment ” and Madden now accepted the verdict of the jury and was sorry for her actions .
“ I am very relieved to hear she accepts the verdict of the jury , ” Judge McCartan said .
“ Two innocent people in this case were very meanly targeted and offended for little or no reason . ”
A friend ( from Google ) recently trolled me , asking , “ What ’s up with the data lock - in at Flickr ? ” .
Got me thinking about standards .
I wrote back a rant to a mailing list of fellow senior hacker , and coders types .
Below I ’ve included that rant , largely verbatim .
I ’d been meaning to turn it into a more reasoned blog post , maybe something suitable for posting on a more official outlet , but life is short , and Rod ’s post about Quora reminded me to get on it .
As software engineers , as social software engineers , it ’s important to have standards .
You can debate the how much of what we do can be called engineering , even charitably , but the code we write determines the rules that govern the spaces more and more people spend time in , and while “ First , do no harm ” might be reaching , a few standards that you should be embarrassed to not meet seem appropriate .
One of those is around data access , data ownership , and sharecropping .
This is something Flickr takes very seriously .
The Minimum
With Flickr you can get out , via the API , every single piece of information you put into the system .
Every photo , in every size , plus the completely untouched original .
( which we store for you indefinitely , whether or not you pay us )
Every tag , every comment , every note , every people tag , every fave .
Also your stats , view counts , and referers .
Not the most recent N , not a subset of the data .
All of it .
It ’s your data , and you ’ve granted us a limited license to use it .
Additionally we provide a moderately competently built API that allows you to access your data at rates roughly 500x faster then the rate that will get you banned from Twitter .
Asking people to accept anything else is sharecropping .
It ’s a bad deal .
Flickr helped pioneer “ Web 2.0 ” , and personal data ownership is a key piece of that vision .
Just because the wider public has n’t caught on yet to all the nuances around data access , data privacy , data ownership , and data fidelity , does n’t mean you should n’t be embarrassed to be failing to deliver a quality product .
The ability to get out the data you put in is the bare minimum .
All of it , at high fidelity , in a reasonable amount of time .
The bare minimum that you should be building , bare minimum that you should be using , and absolutely the bare minimum you should be looking for in tools you allow and encourage people who are n’t builders to use .
A Reasonable Exchange of Value
Flickr actually goes a bit farther , not only can you get your data out , but it gets enriched as it passes through the system .
If you use the geotagging feature , you do n’t just get the lat / long out you put in , but your photo comes back with a whole hierarchy of geographic descriptors , that are pointers into a publicly available gazetteer ( Y! GeoPlanet ) .
It would be good if there were pointers into other publicly available gazetteers ( if for example Google ever released one ) but there is n’t a good concordance service yet ( but it ’s being worked on )
You get structured access to all the metadata that people have added to your photos , with proper attribution available .
( of course there is a working privacy model , so your “ friends ” are n’t getting data they are n’t supposed to , like your friend requests , and chat logs )
If you used our machine tags vocab , you get extra information pulled in from 3rd party APIs like Open Street Maps , Open Library , Last.fm , various transit administrations , and Foursquare .
Additionally you also have access to the data that was created in aggregate using the data you shared with us , like tag clusters , and the Creative Commons licensed neighborhood shape boundaries .
This is n’t the exhaustive list , just a few of the things Flickr does to respect , and collaborate with the people who share their time and data with us .
I ’d certainly love to get a fraction of this data back from other services I use .
Imagine getting access to all the data Google has about you , and everything they ’ve learned partially based on observing you .
I ’ve gotten used to being disappointed by most of my fellow practitioners , but I still dream about using good tools that treat me with respect and want to collaborate .
Thanks go to Jesse Vincent , for the useful sharecropping metaphor .
( and I ’ll state the obvious this is my personal blog , nothing I post here should be taken as official Flickr or Yahoo communication or policy , unless otherwise noted , that is n’t what they pay me to do . )
The end of movable type in China
While Western letterpress printing has made a recent revival , what was once considered one of the Four Great Inventions of Ancient China is no longer a sustainable practice in its country of origin .
Wai Che Printing Company , preserved by its 81 - year - old owner Lee Chak Yu , has operated on Wing Lee Street with its bilingual lead type collection and original Heidelberg Cylinder machine for over 50 years .
Curious to learn more , I visited Wai Che — one of the last remaining letterpress shops in Hong Kong — to understand how Chinese movable type differed and why this trade has become obsolete .
Movable type , made influential by Johannes Gutenberg around 1440 , was one of the greatest technological advances defining typography as we know it today .
Invented in China by Bi Sheng 400 years earlier during the Song Dynasty , movable type was created as a system to print lengthy Buddhist scripture .
As Chinese characters were mostly square , characters of uniform size and shape were easily interchangeable for printing .
Kerning was not an issue ; the letterforms had a balanced visual appearance by nature .
When entering the Chinese letterpress shop , an instant observation was the vast amount of characters in each set of type .
Characters of the Latin alphabet were often organized either by uppercase and lowercase ( so named because of the separate cases to differentiate between majuscule and minuscule letterforms ) or more recently in a California Job Case .
Instead of using a type drawer , Chinese characters were typically stored in cube shelving with the type stacked into a square or column , facing outward for easy identification .
Using a pair of tweezers , printers carefully picked characters out of a wall of tiled type and placed them onto a composing stick before setting up the chase .
Using Chinese Type
With an overwhelming Chinese character set , there was no standardized way to categorize type .
Newspaper publishers had a dozen of each character and therefore organized the type by complexity of the strokes .
Small commercial printers were usually more limited in their collections and had the type purchased as they needed them .
In the 1950s , it was common for a Chinese printer to constantly have characters casted by a typographer based what they needed for a job .
Larger sized characters would be custom cut out of wood instead .
It usually took a day to cast a new character , and this method saved money , valuable storage space and avoided redundancy .
Letterforms were cast in the popular type styles , Song or Ming , named after the dynasty in which the regular script was developed .
Chinese type specimen books , organized by radical or meaning of the characters , acted more as a display of legibility and letter availability rather than style since typefaces did not come in many cuts , italic or weight variations .
Due to the amount of characters , Chinese lead type came in fewer sizes and measured on a scale of their own .
Unlike the popularized point system , when measuring Chinese characters , the larger the size number , the smaller the type .
On a 7 - size scale that ranged from ‘ initial ’ to 6 — 6 was the smallest type size available and legible in Chinese letterpress printing .
When printing bilingually in both English and Chinese , printers matched the type in both languages optically with skill .
Generally , a size 2 Chinese character was considered equivalent to 24 - point Roman type .
An Obsolete Practice
The invention of movable type in China developed with Gutenberg 's mechanical press and hot type - metal , proved to have widespread and lasting success in Europe .
But in practice , it was not suitable for Chinese — a language with over 45,000 unique characters .
Typesetting in Chinese took “ minding p’s and q ’s ” to a whole new level , and accuracy was challenging when characters were essentially compounds of many radicals and ideograms .
Running a Chinese letterpress shop required an enormous storage space and basic literacy of at least 4,000 commonly used characters .
In the 80's , Chinese matrix type foundries quickly went out of business as it became expensive to install government - regulated chimneys to release the toxic metal fumes .
Unable to source new characters when needed , this affected the businesses of over 200 print shops alone in Hong Kong .
Words printed with lead type are much lovelier because they are able to preserve the beauty of Chinese calligraphy and the grace of its individual brush strokes .
Right now that is something you can't find in computer fonts .
— Chang Chiehkuan , Taipei Times , 2009
The use of movable type in China is now a rare business and found only in the rural village of Dongyuan for printing pedigrees .
Although this traditional method has been replaced by offset and digital printing , there are single print shops in Hong Kong and Taiwan that still keep extensive collections of their lead type and press machines .
Lately , there has been discussion about collecting these existing artifacts and setting up printing museums or digitalizing the complete fonts .
Hopefully these projects will come to life soon , sharing and preserving Chinese cultural heritage .
Cheryl
Yau is a graphic designer with working experience in Hong Kong and Toronto .
In Fall 2010 , Cheryl will begin her MFA in Design Criticism at the School of Visual Arts in New York .
Visit cherylyau.com and her blog for more work .
Possum skins burnt to ashes under the right alignment of the Moon and stars could be an alternative to 1080 , says a group which wants a $ 330,000 ratepayer - funded trial to test it .
But skeptics have labelled the suggestion as " complete nonsense " .
The technique , possum peppering , was proposed by philosopher Rudolf Steiner in the 1920s .
A trial proposal to Environment Waikato suggests that ashes from hundreds of possum skins be mixed with quarry dust and applied by helicopter in the Maratoto catchment at the base of the Coromandel Peninsula to test its effect .
" The method requires an understanding of how energies from the universe affect life on Earth , " the funding application said .
" The appropriate alignment of Earth , Moon , Venus and Scorpio at the time of burning is necessary if the method is to work well and possums are best harvested at this time .
The carbon from the burnt skin interferes with the reproductive energy of the possum . "
Backers of the proposal said they were aware the method and its philosophies were " not easily accepted by many scientists " , but said the trial would be the first to attempt robust scientific explanation .
Proposal co-author Garry Blake said he hoped trial funding would be allocated from $ 70,000 left in council budgets from deferred possum control or a grant from its Environmental Initiatives Fund .
He said Lincoln University research in 1992 was cited by some scientists as having proved the method did not work , but added that researchers had not applied the ashes to damp soil as required .
" My role has been to try and break the barrier between these ideas that are hard to comprehend and the real world , " Mr Blake said .
He hoped EW would approve $ 120,000 to set up the trial , with the balance needed over the following four years .
The ideas were tested on a limited scale at the end of 1998 with funding from the Tindall Foundation and EW .
Monitoring then showed possum numbers in the trial area increased .
NZ Skeptics chair Vicki Hyde dismissed the proposed trial as " layers of wishful thinking " .
" On the face of it , this is complete nonsense .
But some basic lab trials could test this – but it should be done on their own dime and time . "
Just a short note .
The BBC documentary about the history of design called “ The Genius of Design ” ( more infos here ) just got published on Vimeo .
The first two episodes are online .
I found the following quote in the BBC Shop where you can also purchase the DVD collection ( which I am thinking about to do ) :
“ This five - part series , made by the team behind the award - winning series The Genius of Photography , tells the story of design from the Industrial Revolution through 20s modernism , the swinging 60s , the designer 80s and up to the present day .
Features interviews with star designers like Philippe Starck and creatives from Apple and Ford ; as well as design fans like Stephen Fry . ”
Epsiode 1 : Ghosts in the Machine
Episode 2 : Designs for Living
Update :
As you may have noticed , unfortunately the videos were deleted on vimeo .
As soon as I can find any other source , I will name it here .
Another Update :
Steve added a source for the videos in the comments .
If you want to watch them , go here ( maybe it is not the most legal way ) .
Thanks ,
Steve !
One thing should be made clear about the situation in the eurozone economies that is not clear at all if we rely on most of the news reports .
This is not a situation where countries face a " dilemma " because they have overspent and piled up too much public debt .
They do not face " tough choices " that will force them to cut spending and raise taxes while the economy is weak or in recession , in order to " satisfy financial markets " .
What is really going on is that powerful interests within these countries – including Spain , Greece , Ireland and Portugal – are taking advantage of the situation to make the changes that they want .
Perhaps even more importantly , the European authorities – including the European commission , the European central bank and the IMF – who are holding the purse strings of any bailout funds , are even more committed than the national governments to rightwing policy changes .
And they are further removed from any accountability to any electorate .
In 13 Bankers , by Simon Johnson ( a former chief economist at the IMF ) and James Kwak , the authors describe the emerging market crises of the 1990s and note that Washington used them to promote changes that it wanted : " When an existing economic elite has led a country into a deep crisis , it is time for a change .
And the crisis itself presents a unique , but short - lived opportunity for change . "
Naomi Klein , author of The Shock Doctrine , provides an excellent history of how crises have been used to introduce or consolidate regressive and unpopular economic " reforms " .
This is what is happening in the eurozone economies right now , although the " crisis " is considerably exaggerated in most of them .
Spain is a good example .
The story that Spain got into a mess because of government overspending is not supported by the data .
Spain reduced its gross debt - to - GDP ratio sharply as the economy grew from 2000 - 2007 , from 59 to 36 % of GDP , and was running budget surpluses in the three years prior to the 2008 crash .
The crash was triggered by the collapse of a large housing bubble in Spain , as well as the bursting of a big stock market bubble : the value of stocks plunged from 125 % of GDP in November 2007 to 54 % of GDP a year later .
The collapse of each of these bubbles had a huge impact in reducing private spending .
The world recession added more external shocks to the Spanish economy .
Spain now has just € 61bn of debt coming due this year ; the European authorities could cover this very easily if they wanted to avoid the potential for rising interest rates on Spain 's debt .
Without a sharp rise in interest rates , Spain 's debt is quite manageable , since they started with a net debt of just 45.8 % of GDP in 2009 , and interest payments of just 1.8 % of GDP .
( Most news reports use the country 's gross debt , but net debt is a better measure .
The gross debt includes debt that is held by the government itself , so the interest payments on this debt accrue to the government and therefore do not add to the country 's debt burden . )
Of course , Spain is running a large central government budget deficit of about 9 % of GDP this year , and this can not go on indefinitely .
But it wo n't : the deficit will mostly shrink through the reverse process of how it got there : as the economy grows , tax revenues will rise , spending on " automatic stabilisers " such as unemployment compensation will decrease , and the debt will fall relative to the economy , which is what matters .
It makes no sense to cut spending and raise taxes now , while the economy is still very weak , inflation is negative and there is serious risk of lapsing back into recession .
Unless , that is , the goal is to reduce wages and benefits in the public sector , weaken labour , redistribute income upward and reduce the size of government – then there is no time like the present to push these things through .
We have a similar , although not yet as severe political problem , in the United States : deficit hawks are mounting a campaign to cut social security , even though it can make all promised payments for the next 33 years .
Ironically , the people who want to take advantage of the " crisis " in Spain are actually increasing the risk of more serious debt problems , since the debt burden will rise if the economy lapses into recession or years of stagnation because of their fiscal tightening measures .
But they are willing to take these risks in order to accomplish their political objectives .
President Barack Obama is anxious for full negotiations to begin before the freeze expires in September .
Mr Netanyahu has recently softened his position that the freeze would not be extended , although it is likely that some construction will resume , if only in secret , Israel officials have been quoted as saying .
BERLIN - An Israeli man suspected of involvement in the assassination of a top Hamas official can be extradited to Germany , a Polish court ruled yesterday .
Israel had asked Poland not to comply with the German extradition request .
Open gallery view Alleged Mossad agent known as Uri Brodsky , center , being escorted by armed Polish anti-terrorist police officers to court in Warsaw , July 7 , 2010 .
Credit : AFP
Warsaw regional court Judge Tomasz Calkiewicz said the suspect , whose passport identified him as Uri Brodsky , would be extradited on suspicion of forgery and not on espionage charges , noting that spying against Germany is not a crime in Poland .
German prosecutors said yesterday that Brodsky is not suspected of direct involvement in the assassination of Hamas official Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai in January , but rather of the less serious charges of working for an espionage agency and of forging documents .
The exact nature of the charges has not been decided .
Brodsky was arrested on June 4 at Warsaw 's international airport , where he had hoped to take a flight to Tel Aviv , on the basis of a German arrest warrant .
The warrant specified that he was suspected of working for the Mossad and of providing logistical support for the assassination by forging German documents .
Asked yesterday whether the incident would harm his country 's ties with Israel , German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said : " The issue will be handled according to the law , and not according to the interests of our foreign relations . "
Brodsky was escorted into court yesterday by masked officers from Poland 's antiterror unit carrying machine guns .
He pulled the hood of his jacket tightly over his head and covered his face with his hands , hunching slightly as he entered the courtroom .
The German prosecutors , based in the southwestern city of Karlsruhe , declined yesterday to comment on the case directly and said they were waiting until the extradition order went into effect before issuing comments .
" The court has decided to hand over Uri Brodsky to German authorities for judicial procedures there , " Calkiewicz said .
" The court did not decide whether Brodsky committed the crime for which he is under investigation ; the court only checked whether the extradition request fulfills the formal requirements and whether the suspect is correctly identified . "
" My client can be handed over to German judicial authorities within the framework of judicial procedures over the following matters : falsification of documents and using false documents , " Brodsky 's lawyer Krzysztof Stepinski told reporters after the closed - door session .
" But the court did not take into consideration the German extradition request over participation in activities for foreign spy services . "
Brodsky 's attorneys have three days to appeal the extradition .
One of his lawyers , Anna Mika - Kopec , said yesterday that no decision had been made yet about an appeal .
Officials refused to comment on the political ramifications of yesterday 's ruling , though it appears to be something of a compromise - Poland will extradite him to Germany but has ensured that he will face lesser charges .
Forged passports from the United Kingdom , the Republic of Ireland , France , Australia and Germany were used in the Dubai operation , leading to diplomatic rows between those countries and Israel .
Where is Britain in all this ?
The ethnic conflicts of Uzbekistan , Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan are inextricably linked with what is primarily an ethnic conflict in Afghanistan .
Yet our policy in Central Asia , if it can be called one , is nothing but support for the very dictators who are impoverishing their states .
The answer to the growth of Islamic radicalism is not for rival great powers to strive to prop up regional dictators .
That approach is already leading to the growth in the kind of radicalism we are trying to suppress .
We can no longer afford a short - term policy conditioned by the tactical expediency of securing regional logistic support for the Afghan War .
We continue to ignore Central Asia at our peril .
By Captain Pyke | July 20 , 2010 - 5:57 pm
Last month , Mondo
Tees wildly popular " Space Seed " limited edition poster solid out in less than an hour and started a Trek culture sensation .
This month , they 're releasing not one , but two special edition prints for fan favorite TOS episode " The Trouble With Tribbles " .
Set for release this Friday , the posters feature a progression of both Spock & Uhura slowly being enveloped by the furry little creatures .
Designed by Olly Moss , the screen printed 18 " x 24 " posters are limited to 350 for Spock & 190 for Uhura .
Justin Ishmael of Mondo
Tees explained to Wired why he chose tribbles for their next release , .
“ We decided to lighten things up on our second release .
Even though tribbles are n’t as sadistic as Khan , they certainly are trouble .
‘ Space Seed ‘ and ‘ Tribbles ‘ are polar opposites in terms of mood .
We thought the first two releases should really play up how the original series could work on both fronts . ” ( source Wired.com )
You 'll be able to get your hot Vulcan hands on these awesome prints this Friday from the Mondo Tees website .
Just make sure you 're poised with your finger on the mouse because these will go fast .
What Goes On Behind The Scenes At A Domino ’s Pizza Commercial
Have you ever wondered what goes on behind the scenes at a Domino ’s pizza commercial ?
Watch this video and you ’ll probably be surprised to find out it takes 150 people and a lot of power tools and hand models to make it happen .
Trust me , it ’s way more interesting than it sounds .
Still hungry ?
Check out more of my favorite food videos !
Google is your best friend when it comes to hacking .
The search engine giant has crawled loads of data which was intended to be protected by webmasters , but is being exploited and mined by smart users using Google dorks .
Today I will be discussing some practical dorks which will help you gain passwords , databases and vulnerable directories .
The basic methodology remains the same , query Google using specialized dorks with precise parameters and you are good to go .
I assume you have basic working knowledge of google dorks .
Lets start , shall we ?
FTP passwords
ws_ftp.ini is a configuration file for a popular win32 FTP client that stores usernames , ( weakly ) encoded passwords , sites and directories that the user can store for later reference .
intitle:index.of ws_ftp.ini
You can also this dork which uses " parent directory " to avoid results other than directory listings
filetype:ini ws_ftp pwd Or " index of / " " ws_ftp.ini " " parent directory "
even if the site or file has been taken offlline , you can still search the contents in the Google cache using the following dork
" cache:www.abc.com/ws_ftp.ini " where www.abc.com is the site you want to check the dork for .
The ws_ftp password uses quite weak encryption algorithm , hence once you get the password , you can break it using the decryptor provided here or from here .
PHP Hacking
Sites made in PHP have a file known as “ config.php ” which stores configuration and the username and password for the sql database the site is hosting .
This password is required only once per transaction ( i.e when ever admin logins or a transaction is committed at administrator level ) and hence will be specified by the ‘ require_once ’ parameter in the config file or in index file .
intitle:index.of config.php
to view php file contents
intitle : " Index of " phpinfo.
php
you can also try the directory traversal attack in php using the following dork
inurl:download.php?=filename
if you are lucky , substitute the filename with ‘ index. php ’ , download it , read it and get the password ( hint : if you are not able to find it , try looking for globals. php ) .
Since most websites today deny this trick , but you may get lucky with some :)
You might also want to have a look at Hacking PHP 4.4 websites in 20 seconds
SQL Dumps
We will be hunting for SQL password dumps saved in database , here ext :sql specifies the type of password dump , e10adc3949ba59abbe56e057f20f883e is the md5 hash for 123456 ; one of the most common password people keep .. and intext dork will allows to search inside the dump .
ext:sql intext:@gmail.com intext:e10adc3949ba59abbe56e057f20f883e
ext : sql intext : " INSERT INTO " intext:@somemail.com intext : password
Remember kids
Use different email providers , substitute gmail / yahoomail instead of somemail , or try custom domain mail providers .
Use different file extensions .
Use different type of hashes , some older ones might be using md4 and some others might be using other prominent encryption algorithms .
just mix everything up and try different combinations :)
Its not over .. Yet
A very flexible query can be used to hunt for WS_FTP.log which in turn can disclose valuable information about the server .
+htpasswd +WS_FTP.LOG filetype:log
You can substitute " +htpasswd " for " + FILENAME " & you may get several results not mentioned before using the normal search .
You can further explore filenames by using keywords like
phpinfo , admin , MySQL , password , htdocs , root , Cisco , Oracle , IIS , resume , inc , sql , users , mdb , frontpage , CMS , backend , https , editor , intranet
The list goes on and on ..
Also you cam try this dork to data mine information about the uploader
" allinurl : " some.host.com " WS_FTP.LOG filetype:log "
which tells you more about who 's uploading files to a specific site , quite handy for some passive reconnaissance .
Also .. if you are one hell of a lazy b** tard , you can do it using some software like Google Hacks .. but remember , manual way is the way to go .
I may have included some software specific password mining , but that would cripple your imagination .
My recco ?
go postal by using your imagination and developing your own dorks and queries .
I guess that was enough for this time , will be coming with more tuts with time .
Like
This post ?
You can buy me a Beer :)
— State regulators have given the operator of North Carolina 's largest no -kill animal shelter less than two months to bring the facility up to code or be closed .
Linda Spear founded
The Haven 16 years ago , but the shelter has failed every state inspection for the past five years , in part because it does n't have enough kennels to house the hundreds of dogs and cats inside .
" We are continuing to have animals left anonymously at our gate .
We do n't turn those animals away , " Spear said .
The state Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has given her until Friday to get rid of about 150 more dogs .
If she does n't meet that deadline , she has until Sept. 1 to bring the shelter into compliance with state codes .
“ She has told us repeatedly that she was going to make improvements , ” said Brian Long , spokesman for the agriculture department .
“ At some point , you have to say , ' Show us , ' and she has not .
Getting into compliance is not ( the shelter 's ) top priority .
Its only priority is to gather animals . ”
Spear said she has added gravel and concrete throughout the shelter to meet state demands , but she said she still needs to add a septic system in a new building and install interior paneling in other buildings .
She estimated the projects will cost about $ 40,000 .
The Haven adopted out about 1,000 animals during the first six months of the year , but Spear said it takes time to ensure pets wind up with caring families .
" That ’s not something that ’s done overnight , ” she said .
The shelter still has at least 1,000 pets up for adoption .
" The state says , ' Get rid of the animals .
We do n’t care how you do it , but they have to be gone , ' ” she said .
“ I think it ’s horrendous .
It ’s unacceptable .
The community wants to have a no - kill option for these animals . "
If Spear fails to raise the money and complete the renovations by the beginning of September , The Haven could lose its nonprofit status , which would likely dry up the stream of donations used to operate the shelter and could force it to close .
Another option would be for her to lease the shelter to the state for $ 1 a year and step aside from operating it .
Spear vowed that The Haven would survive , and people adopting or fostering pets at the shelter said they hope to see it remain open .
" They definitely do need some improvements , but still , the living conditions are OK for the animals .
They 're not being hurt or harmed , " Christi Huddleston said .
Blog( Football )
Taking a short break from blogging .
Will be back to preview the big European leagues .
DETROIT --
As the first wave of high - priced free agents signed with new teams Thursday , the Detroit Red Wings sat back and watched .
With most of their roster in place , they have neither the salary cap space nor the need to make a splurge in the market .
General manager Ken Holland 's interest will perk up over the next several days as second - and third - tier players look to sign .
" I talked to a few agents ( Thursday ) , but my message is we 're probably doing our shopping a week from now , or five days from now , or three days from now , '' Holland said .
Holland spoke to future Hall - of - Fame center Mike Modano , whose 21 - year career with the Dallas Stars organization ended after the club declined to offer him a contract .
The 40 - year - old Westland native might be intrigued by the possibility of finishing his career in Detroit , but would he accept a reduced role and low salary ?
" We 're interested in players that fit our style of play and our salary structure , '' Holland said .
" They got to fit both .
( Modano ) fits our style of play . ''
But he does n't fit their salary structure , unless he 's willing to play for less than $ 1 million .
Holland would like to sign a low - priced sixth or seventh defenseman and / or a gritty fourth - line forward .
He also is looking for a veteran goaltender on a two - way contract for the Grand Rapids Griffins .
The search could last well into August .
" When all the high - end guys ( sign ) , we can look to the secondary market , '' Holland said .
" We 'd like to sign one more defenseman , but we do n't have to .
We 're probably done up front , but if I can find a forward who gives us a different dimension , we 'll look at it . ''
Holland has spoken to the agent for Kirk Maltby .
" He 's going to shop the market until early next week , '' Holland said .
" If something does n't come of it , we 'll talk .
" I 'm open to bringing him back .
They also understand there 's ( Patrick ) Eaves and ( Drew ) Miller and ( Darren ) Helm and ( Justin ) Abdelkader and ( Mattias ) Ritola and ( Kris ) Draper .
If ( Maltby ) does come back , he 's competing for a spot . ''
If Maltby comes back , it might be on a two - way contract .
Holland also talked to the agents for defensemen Andreas Lilja and Brett Lebda .
" I told them it's in their best interest and our best interest if they explore the market , '' Holland said .
" We can have a conversation next week if they 're still out there .
That does n't mean we 'll sign them . ''
The Red Wings have 18 players signed for $ 54.2 million , leaving them with $ 5.2 million in cap space .
But most of that will be exhausted with the signings of their restricted free agents -- Helm , Abdelkader , Eaves , Miller and possibly Derek Meech .
Plus , they need to stay about $ 500,000 under the cap to call up a player in case of short - term injuries .
Holland said he has had more conversations with the agents for Eaves and Miller because they have a Monday deadline to decide if they want to file for arbitration .
Forwards still available include Aaron Asham ( Philadelphia ) , Brad Winchester ( St. Louis ) , Owen Nolan ( Minnesota ) , Jamal Mayers ( Calgary ) and John Madden ( Chicago ) .
Lower - tier defensemen still on the market include Nick Boynton ( Chicago ) , Ruslan Salei ( Colorado ) , Shane Hnidy ( Minnesota ) and former Red Wing Aaron Ward ( Anaheim ) .
22 Spectacular Examples Of Wildlife Photography
Advertisement
There are many majestic and beautiful animals that grace our earth .
Naughty and pretty actions of these beautiful animals always make smile on our faces .
This post features a collection of Spectacular Examples of Wildlife photography .
Recommeneded Post :
Here are 22 Spectacular Exmaples Of Wildlife Photography .
Photo credit 1 and 2 : B. “ max ” Maxwell
Photo credit : Jonathan Griffiths
Photo credit : Madeleine Guenette
Photo credit : Gavin Smith
Photo credit : Esteban Rios
Photo credit : Gavin Smith
Photo credit : Piotr Piasecki
Photo credit : Diane Watson
Photo credit : Giangiorgio Crisponi
Photo credit : Kristin Turner
Photo credit : David Schultz
Photo credit : Solent News
Photo credit : Martin Ashby
Photo credit : Chetan Rangaraj
Photo credit : Bob Mullen
Photo credit : Giangiorgio Crisponi
Photo credit : Gary Minish
Photo credit : Gary Durington
Photo credit : Kate Alexander
Photo credit : ROCCO CINEFRA
Photo credit : Jerry Litynski
LOUISVILLE — Danish wind energy giant Vestas announced Tuesday night that it ’s opening a research and development office in Louisville that will employ up to 240 people over the next several years .
The company made the announcement of the opening — which had been code - named “ Project Excitement ” — at the Louisville City Council meeting .
Vestas , which will occupy 47,000 square feet at 361 Centennial Parkway — an office building behind Lowe ’s — already has manufacturing operations in Brighton , Windsor and Pueblo .
It described its research and development office in Louisville as a new division of the company .
“ We ’ve invested very heavily in Colorado to have our base here for our North American wind manufacturing operations , ” said Susan Innis , senior manager for government state relations for Vestas .
“ We found a great space here , and we have lots of support from the community . ”
Innis said the company did n’t make its move to Louisville known until it had to because Vestas ’ investments are “ competitively sensitive . ”
Representatives of the company came before the City Council on Tuesday to ask for a business assistance package from Louisville that will rebate part of Vestas ’ building permit fee , which should amount to $ 5,500 .
The council approved the company ’s request unanimously and enthusiastically .
“ We probably do n’t have questions as much as we have commendations to your company for choosing our city , ” Mayor Chuck Sisk said .
Vestas pays an average $ 80,000 salary to its employees , according to the company .
“ Primary jobs are important to any economic development , ” Councilman Hank Dalton said Tuesday .
“ High - priced staff means that there will be disposable income and that employees will be inclined to spend money here . ”
Vestas expects to hire up to 100 people in its first year in Louisville and projects a first - year payroll of $ 8 million .
It is starting off with an engineering staff of 46 , who will support Vestas ’ Colorado manufacturing operations .
The company stated in a letter to the city that it is opening the research and development office in Louisville to “ increase turbine efficiency and lower the cost of energy . ”
Innis said Vestas chose Louisville because it will provide easy access for the company ’s engineers to its manufacturing sites throughout the state .
Vestas builds wind turbine towers in Pueblo , manufactures turbine blades in Windsor and makes gearboxes at its Brighton plant .
Its entire U.S. presence is in Colorado , Innis said , and it only moved into the state two years ago .
Tuesday ’s announcement represents the second wind - energy company in as many weeks to open up a location in Louisville .
American Zephyr , a Japanese - based company that makes small wind turbines , recently leased a space in the Colorado Technology Center .
Looks like those Russian spies who 've been lurking around the US recently are n't so different from you and I .
They also have to deal with incredibly crappy tech support representatives , long wait times , and stupid suggestions .
Advertisement
According to Network World , the clever spy ring being scrutinized by federal agents had quite a few technical troubles :
The spy ring had numerous technical problems , including file transfers that hung and would n't go through and difficulty replacing laptops when necessary .
In one case , an agent was so frustrated by laptop issues that she unwittingly turned it over to an undercover FBI agent .
In another case , replacing a laptop took more than two months .
A suspect bought an Asus Eee PC 1005HA - P netbook , flew with it to Rome , picked up a passport in another name , flew on to Moscow and returned with it — a process that took from January this year to March .
Presumably Moscow headquarters configured the device .
When the courier spy delivered it to another suspect , he described what to do if the laptop had problems .
" … if this does n't work we can meet again in six months , " one suspect was overheard saying to another , " they do n't understand what we go through over here . "
Advertisement
It was n't just crappy tech support teams that hindered the spies though , they themselves failed to follow some basic computer security rules :
One of the most glaring errors made by one of the spy defendants was leaving an imposing 27 - character password written on a piece of paper that law enforcement officers found while searching a suspect 's home .
They used the password to crack open a treasure trove of more than 100 text files containing covert messages used to further the investigation .
" [ T ] he paper said " alt , " " control " and set forth a string of 27 characters , " the court documents say .
" Using these 27 characters as a password , technicians have been able successfully to access a software program ( " Steganography Program " ) stored on those copies of the Password - Protected Disks that were recovered … "
Yikes .
Guess they do n't teach anything about dealing with tech support and sticky notes in spy school .
[ NetworkWorld via Boing Boing via Slashdot ]
Photo of tech support guy by skuds and probably not the spies ' IT guy .
An un-chronological look at the life of the Little Sparrow , Édith Piaf ( 1915 - 1963 ) .
Her mother is an alcoholic street singer , her father a circus performer , her paternal grandmother a madam .
During childhood she lives with each of them .
At 20 , she 's a street singer discovered by a club owner who 's soon murdered , coached by a musician who brings her to concert halls , and then quickly famous .
Constant companions are alcohol and heartache .
The tragedies of her love affair with Marcel Cerdan and the death of her only child belie the words of one of her signature songs , " Non , je ne regrette rien . "
The back and forth nature of the narrative suggests the patterns of memory and association .
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
Criminal Minds fans launched a massive campaign to bring back co-star A.J. Cook , whose option for next season was n’t picked up , including setting up an online petition that has gathered more than 35,000 signatures and mailing thousands of lipsticks and file folders to CBS .
Well , I hear she might be coming back in the fall but only for one episode .
CBS has been firmly standing by its decision to part ways with the actress , and there is no deal in place with her , but I hear showrunner Ed Bernero is behind the idea to get Cook back for one episode so her character JJ ’s story could be tied up and given a proper exit .
Cook had been largely quiet on the controversy besides tweeting a note to the show ’s fans last week , thanking them for their support .
Meanwhile , her co-star Paget Brewster is in discussions with CBS over the network ’s offer to keep her on the show as a regular but for reduced number of episodes .
CBS ’ ‘ Criminal Minds ’ Cuts Female Cast But Will Add New Female Cast Member ; Fans and Co-Stars Back ‘ Minds ’ Actresses
Hagrid takes Harry to Diagon Alley in London to retrieve his inheritance and buy his school supplies including a wand .
Hagrid gives
Harry a snowy owl as a birthday present .
At the same time Hagrid gets a secret package from a Gringotts vault , Harry meets Draco Malfoy , and Hagrid gives Harry his tickets for the Hogwarts Express .
Interesting facts and notes
This chapter takes place on July 31 .
It is Harry 's eleventh birthday .
Hagrid buys ice cream cones for Harry and himself .
Perhaps this was at Florean Fortescue 's Ice Cream Parlor ( PA3 ) .
It is interesting to see Hagrid dealing with the Muggle world : taking the Underground ( and complaining loudly about it ) , eating at a hamburger restaurant and sitting on the " plastic seats , " a very non-magical kind of thing indeed .
The name " Diagon Alley " is derived from " diagonally . "
" How did you get here ? "
Harry asked , looking around for another boat .
" Flew , " said Hagrid .
For years the details of this were a mystery - as Hagrid says in OP20 , " Well , look at the size o' me , I don ' reckon there 's a broomstick that 'd hold me . "
( And anyway , even Hagrid might have trouble stashing a broomstick in his overcoat . )
Hagrid , like Dumbledore , seems to use the Hogwarts thestrals instead .
Some have suggested that what Hagrid really meant was " Floo , " as in Floo Powder .
However he does n't arrive in the hut 's fireplace , so this seems unlikely .
tapped it twice on the side of the boat
This spell propels a small boat along without guidance .
Presumably it 's the same spell that 's used to propel the fleet of small boats from the landing near Hogsmeade Station to the dock at the base of Hogwarts castle .
Gringotts is hundreds of miles under London , see ...
This has to be exaggeration on Hagrid 's part .
The cart clearly does n't travel hundreds of miles .
It could mean that the tunnels used by Gringotts extend for hundreds of miles in all directions , of course , but even that is unlikely .
" ... so old Cornelius Fudge got the job .
Bungler if ever there was one .
So he pelts Dumbledore with owls every morning , askin ' fer advice . "
This first flash of Fudge 's character is critical to understanding what drives him later on .
Years later after dinner in Grimmauld Place , Arthur Weasley ( in explaining why Fudge refused to believe that Voldemort had returned ) confirmed what Hagrid says here : that in his first year in office , Fudge was n't very confident and was constantly seeking help from Dumbledore .
As time went on , Fudge managed to convince himself that he was the clever one , so it 's not very surprising that he took against Dumbledore as a living reminder of his early awkward days .
In terms of driving the action of Stone , Fudge 's behaviour lays the groundwork for the fake message arranged by Voldemort 's agent to lure Dumbledore out of Hogwarts .
It also explains why Dumbledore used the slowest form of transportation he could reasonably arrange : he'd had about enough of this , and did n't want to encourage Fudge 's behavior .
( More about the fake message later . )
[ The Ministry 's ] main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there 's still witches ...
Figuring from the various dates given in different canon sources , the Ministry would seem to have been created around 1692 with the passing of the Code of Wizard Secrecy .
The Ministry 's chief function was centered on maintaining that secrecy .
everyone'd be wantin ' magic solutions to their problems
This is n't the real reason that the magical community is in hiding .
The break between the Muggle and wizarding worlds happened because the Muggles persecuted wizards to the point of burning them at the stake .
It 's not clear why Hagrid is soft - selling this to Harry , unless he wants to shield the boy from some of darker parts of wizarding history .
Hagrid , who did n't understand " Muggle money , " as he called it , gave the bills to Harry ...
So Hagrid had been supplied with some British money to take Harry to Diagon Alley .
Presumably this money was obtained through Gringotts bank , which handles this sort of thing , according to an interview with Rowling ( AOL ) .
[ Hagrid ] sat knitting what looked like a canary - yellow circus tent
Although Rowling has cleared up the confusion by stating in an interview that Hagrid was a Gryffindor , there was a time when fans were convinced that Hagrid was a Hufflepuff because of this reference to the color yellow and from another passage coming up in this chapter ( noted below ) .
The image of a huge , hairy , fierce - looking half - giant knitting is amusing all the same .
UNIFORM
Notice that there is no mention of Muggle clothing to be worn under the robes .
Students at Hogwarts wear robes , and all the same kind : black .
The ties and other accessories in house colors which we see in the films are definitely not canon .
The students are expected to wear a black pointed hat as well , as we see from this list , and they do .
The final bit about name tags is a nice touch .
COURSE BOOKS
Rowling uses the titles and authors of books as her chance to play around with words a little bit .
Names like " jigger " for a potions book and " spore " for an herbology text are clever .
Some of the other names are a bit less specific , but are fun to work out all the same .
We can work out which books are required for which subjects , with two exceptions .
The Standard Book of Spells is the Charms textbook , and Harry buys the next volume in the series every year .
A History of Magic is the textbook for History of Magic , obviously .
A Beginner 's Guide to Transfiguration is clearly the Transfiguration text , while One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi is the book for Herbology .
Potions requires Magical Drafts and Potions and Defence Against the Dark Arts requires The Dark Forces : A Guide to Self - Protection .
A bit less specific are these two books : Magical Theory and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them .
Perhaps these are considered to be standard references which all wizards should own .
The former might be a basic text for all classes , since all of the magical classes require an understanding of the theory behind the magic , but we hear about theory most often when it comes to Transfiguration .
The latter might be a supplemental text for Potions .
Certainly they use enough bits of magical animals as potion ingredients .
Harry and his friends wo n't start taking Care of Magical Creatures until their third year and Scamander 's famous book is n't the textbook for that class .
There is apparently no textbook for Astronomy , although this subject is rather a puzzler all around .
Since there are plenty of references to the fact that astronomical phenomena affect spells and potions , perhaps the Magical Theory book is in fact used for Astronomy class .
OTHER EQUIPMENT
The list in the early editions of the book starts with " 1 wand . "
This was edited out for some reason and current versions of the book do n't include this item .
Harry had never been to London before .
And therefore , the zoo where he released the boa constrictor was NOT the London Zoo .
an ordinary street full of ordinary people
The street , we will learn in book three , is Charing Cross Road .
It 's one of the busier streets in London , full of shops and crowded with people at all hours of the day and night .
the Leaky Cauldron
This tiny pub was founded by Daisy Dodderidge somewhere around 1500 ( FW ) .
Back then , the area which is now Charing Cross Road was not a busy street , but rather an open area where the king 's game roamed .
The Leaky Cauldron was built specifically to provide a gateway into Diagon Alley , but since there was no street at that time , we can surmise that Diagon Alley exists entirely in some magical alternate dimension .
It is uncertain if Diagon Alley was built at the same time as the pub , but it seems likely .
The current barkeep is a toothless old fellow whose name is Tom .
We 'll meet him again in future books .
" P - P - Potter , " stammered Professor Quirrell , grasping Harry 's hand , " c - ca n't t- tell you how p- pleased I am to meet you . "
Quirrell shakes Harry 's hand in the Leaky Cauldron .
He is not yet " inhabited " by Voldemort at this point and he is not wearing the turban .
This scene is different in the film -- Quirrell is already wearing the turban -- which has confused some people .
Tapping the bricks
Rowling 's drawing of how the gateway opens in the alley behind the Leaky Cauldron .
Diagon Alley
" Dragon liver , sixteen Sickles an ounce ... "
The original text read " seventeen Sickles an ounce . "
Seventeen Sickles equals one Galleon , we shall learn from Hagrid in a few moments .
That made this statement very odd ... kind of like saying something in the US costs " one hundred cents . "
The corrected text now reads " sixteen Sickles an ounce . "
" School houses .
There 's four .
Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o' duffers , but --"
" I bet I 'm in Hufflepuff " said Harry gloomily .
" Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin , " said Hagrid darkly .
" There 's not a single witch or wizard who went bad who was n't in Slytherin .
You - Know - Who was one . "
This passage has caused no end of confusion .
First of all , it does not say that Hagrid was in Hufflepuff .
In fact , according to Rowling , he was in Gryffindor .
Second , we cannot take Hagrid 's statement here as being the truth ; witches and wizards who went bad are not all from Slytherin .
Clearly , he is exaggerating .
As one fan put it , we might say that all computer professionals are geeks because that 's the stereotype we 're used to , but it obviously is n't really true .
Hagrid is hyperbolizing here .
" I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley . "
" I'm not sayin ' that 's not a good idea , but yer not to use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstances , " said Hagrid .
Irony of ironies : four years later , Harry will come within an ace of being expelled over this issue , but for the sake of saving Dudley from the Dementors .
Moreover , Dudley will believe that Harry was trying to curse him .
The window of Flourish and Blotts from the Studio Tour
Not a toad , toads went out of fashion years ago ...
Ah , poor Neville .
beetle eyes ( five Knuts a scoop )
Whoa , that 's cheap for the tiny little eyes of beetles .
It must be a lot easier to collect these than it would seem .
Let 's face it , even one scoop of these would mean removing the eyes from a LOT of beetles .
Ollivanders
it 's really the wand that chooses the wizard , of course .
The match between a witch or wizard and their wand is not only unique , it 's a bit mystical .
I think we can assume that Ollivander is being a bit dramatic in his pronouncement , but even so we see from what happens next with Harry that there is a connection between a wizard and a particular wand .
Presumably , one could n't perform magic as well with a mismatched wand , and interestingly enough we see this effect with both Ron and Neville .
Neither boy is particularly adept at magic at first , and this is likely because they are n't using a proper wand .
Ron does n't get a wand matched to him until his third year .
Neville broke the wand he had inherited from his father during the Battle of the Department of Mysteries and got a new one in his sixth year .
He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand , and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his shop .
As we are to learn nearly four years later , Mr. Ollivander sent an owl to Dumbledore , notifying him of the purchase of this second Fawkes - feather wand , as soon as Harry and Hagrid left .
Seven Galleons is about thirty - five pounds , which at the exchange rate of 31 July 1991 is US$ 59.01 .
OTTAWA – Canadians already have a large coalition party to vote for in the next election – the federal Liberal party , says leader Michael Ignatieff .
“ We ’re the party at the centre of Canadian political life – the progressive , responsible , reforming centre , ” Ignatieff told reporters on Thursday .
“ We ’re the coalition at the centre of Canadian life . ”
Ignatieff has been dogged in recent weeks by suggestions – coming from former prime minister Jean Chretien , among others – that Liberals should merge with the New Democrats and offer a coalition of the left to voters in the next election .
Ignatieff says he ’s been talking to Chretien – “ learning from the master , ” he said -- and while he has n’t urged the former prime minister to stop the coalition talk , Ignatieff made clear it ’s not on his own to - do list .
“ Jean Chretien won three majority governments .
You do n’t go around telling anybody of that distinction to cease and desist , ” Ignatieff said .
“ I ’ve made my position very clear on all these issues – we are working full - bore towards building that platform that ’s underneath that big red tent in the centre of Canadian life .
That ’s the job , that ’s what Jean Chretien did , that ’s what I want to do , that ’s what we will do . ”
Moreover , Liberals have to attract more than New Democrats to the fold , Ignatieff said .
Disaffected Conservatives also have to feel welcome to vote Liberal when they become disenchanted with Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s government too , he said .
“ We have to stand in the centre , drawing people from both sides of the political spectrum . ”
Ignatieff and New Democratic Party leader Jack Layton held news conferences on Thursday to mark the end of a raucous few months in Parliament and the beginning of the long , three - month summer break in Commons business .
Though both leaders acknowledged that there has been some co-operation among parties in recent days – a deal on examining Afghan - detainee documents , for instance , or limiting pardons given to former criminals – these were cast as exceptions to the general political dysfunction .
“ Something ’s wrong in Ottawa , ” Layton said .
The NDP leader reminded reporters that Ignatieff walked away from a Liberal coalition deal with the New Democrats when he assumed power late in 2008 .
Layton and Ignatieff placed a large part of the blame at Harper ’s feet for the divisive climate of current federal politics , but neither appeared ready to say that a fall election was likely .
Instead , opposition leaders continue to say that Canadians want this Parliament to function .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
Science can be a real pain in the ass for a True Believer™ .
All those “ theories ” based on “ evidence ” when all you really need in life is faith that God will provide .
It can be pretty galling having to purchase products based on a “ scientific ” understanding of the world .
That ’s why we here at SEB Technologies have been combing the world for Faith Based products that we can sell to the True Believers ™ who want an alternative to science - based products .
Thus we are proud to offer the world ’s first Science - Free Light Bulbs !
These bulbs are created using the latest non-scientific understanding of light .
Not only are they 100 % science - free , but they ’ll also lower your utility bill as they do not use any electricity at all !
These bulbs are 100 % powered by pure faith !
So long as you believe enough that they will work then they will !
Note : Failure of these bulbs to illuminate is a sign of weakness of the spirit and a sure sign that you need to get right with God !
So if you ’re sick of having to rely on “ science ” to keep you out of the dark then suffer no longer !
Now you can have 100 % science - free lighting in your home !
These are truly the last light bulbs you will ever need to buy !
Bully for the Bully
< a href= " http://fpk.thecomicseries.com/comics/pl/50958 " >< img src= " https://img.comicfury.com/comics/603194384a4c93c65b40ff2e12a99f38130420733.png " alt = " FPK ! - Bully for the Bully " border = " 0 " /></a> < br />
< a href= " http://fpk.thecomicseries.com/comics/pl/50958 ">Bully for the Bully </a>
[ URL=http://fpk.thecomicseries.com/comics/pl/50958]
[ IMG ] https://img.comicfury.com/comics/603194384a4c93c65b40ff2e12a99f38130420733.png[/IMG] [ / URL ]
[ URL=http://fpk.thecomicseries.com/comics/pl/50958]Bully for the Bully [ / URL ]
Outspoken Springboks coach Peter de Villiers has sensationally suggested his team have been victims of a conspiracy to assist New Zealand ahead of next year 's World Cup .
As seething South African officials took action against allegedly inconsistent refereeing and judicial rulings , de Villiers went further by insinuating the All Blacks were given a leg - up in the Tri-Nations to help swell Kiwi World Cup excitement .
" I 've got my own observations about the last two tests , and maybe I can't say it in public , but we do have a World Cup in New Zealand next year and maybe it was the right thing for them to win the games so they can attract more people to the games next year , " he told Fox Sports Rugby Club programme .
The incensed Springbok camp are shaking their heads at why northern hemisphere referees have controlled the opening two tests which New Zealand won comfortably after South Africa had men sin-binned early in both .
Lock Bakkies Botha was also suspended for the entire Tri-Nations tournament for headbutting halfback Jimmy Cowan in the 32 - 12 loss in Auckland while winger Jean de Villiers was banned for three weeks for a dangerous tackle on Rene Ranger in the 31 - 17 Wellington defeat .
De Villiers was particularly unhappy how Irish referees Alan Lewis and Alain Rolland controlled the breakdown in both matches .
All Blacks skipper Richie McCaw was able to remain on the field despite being penalised and warned several times by Rolland and , in response , de Villiers said his team might have to cheat to compete .
Renowned for his off - the - wall remarks , the colourful coach refined his comments slightly to say they should be more " street smart " against the Wallabies at Suncorp Stadium .
He has the support of the South African Rugby Union with SARU president Oregan Hoskins instructing their SANZAR legal representative , Judge Lex Mpati , to address what they see as inconsistent rulings against the Springboks .
" A number of stakeholders have complained to me about the lack of consistency in the rulings of the judicial officials in rugby , " Hoskins told the Cape Times .
" I have stressed to Judge Mpati the seriousness of the matter .
" I do n't want to say too much further , as previously I have spoken about the issue in the media and nothing has been done about it . "
South Africa face another Irish whistle - blower on Saturday night when George Clancy controls their must - win clash in Brisbane , where they have n't triumphed in the post - apartheid era .
Vice - captain Victor Matfield said the onus was on the Springboks to adapt to the referee 's law interpretations in the opening 20 minutes but believed their discipline was good in New Zealand .
" It 's just doing stupid things out of our character that we have to cut out at the moment , " he said .
It 's just one of many areas South Africa must improve to keep their title defence alive .
" I think we need to do everything better , " Matfield said .
" We 're not right up there at the moment . "
Metroid ( Metroid Cocktail )
Ingredients :
½ shot Bacardi Big Apple Rum
½ shot Coconut Rum
½ glass Kiwi Strawberry Minute Maid ( or Kool - Aid )
A little less than ½ a glass Sprite
3 Strawberries
Directions :
Shake the two rums and Kiwi Strawberry Minute Maid and pour into a lowball glass .
Add the Sprite for a bit of flavor and carbonation .
Drop in three strawberries as a garnish .
If you choose , you can use your ice beam freezer to cool the alcohol before you make the drink .
( Drink created by The Drunken Moogle .
Photography by Meredith Shelton )
When you run Jekyll it processes the source files for your site and any files with YAML Front Matter are subject to special processing .
The Front Matter is used to tell Jekyll how to format your page .
Bear in mind that Jekyll does n't process your .org files , but the .html files produced by exporting .
So when writing an org file it should be formatted in such a way that when exported it produces html suitable for processing by Jekyll .
YAML Front Matter must be the first thing in the file , with no blank lines above the Front Matter Section .
A typical Front Matter Section would look like :
--- layout : default title : My Page Title . ---
So you should ensure that any Front Matter directives come first in your org file .
Note that the three hyphens --- are part of the markup and are required .
The layout tag tells Jekyll which layout from its _layouts directory should be used to format your page .
You can include any other keys in the Front Matter section ( e.g. title : ) , which you can use in your page .
See the Jekyll wiki for more details on Front Matter .
Below is a short extract from one of my org files showing my setup :
#+STARTUP : showall indent #+STARTUP : hidestars #+BEGIN_EXPORT
html --- layout : default title : Benighted on the Ben. excerpt : An unplanned bivouac on Ben Nevis .
--- #+END_EXPORT
It was early January when six of us travelled up to ....
The Front Matter section is wrapped in #+BEGIN_EXPORT html so it is exported literally to the final html file .
You may need to upgrade your org version as older versions produced two blank lines before the Front Matter section when exported .
You can define your own Front Matter keys and use them within your generated page .
In the above example I use the " excerpt " key to display " teasers " for a blog post .
Note that the current git version of org removes the first --- if the directory containing the file start with an underscore .
The workaround is to start your file with --- in both the first two lines .
Carsten has also provided two hooks that are run after exporting is complete , which can also be used to tidy up the output :
org - export - html - final - hook ( always ) org - publish - after - export - hook ( when going through org- publish )
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
ajanib
maktoumeen
The writer is a senior researcher at the Global Research in International Affairs Center , IDC , Herzliya .
On March 21 , 2010 , the Syrian security forces opened fire with live ammunition on a crowd of 5,000 in the northern Syrian town of al - Raqqah .
The crowd had gathered to celebrate the Kurdish festival of Nowruz .
Three people , including a 15 - year - old girl , were killed .
Over 50 were injured .
Dozens of injured civilians were held incommunicado by the authorities following the events .
Some remain incarcerated .
This incident was just one example of the repression taking place of the largest national minority in Syria – namely , the Syrian Kurdish population .
Kurds constitute 9 percent - 10 % of the population of Syria – that is , around 1.75 million in a total population of 22 million .
Since the rise of militant Arab nationalism to power in Damascus , they have faced an ongoing campaign for their dissolution as a community .
All this is taking place far from the spotlight of world attention .
The current US Administration pursues a general policy of considered silence on the issue of human rights in Middle East countries .
The Syrian regime remains the elusive subject of energetic courting by the European Union and by Washington .
As a result , the Kurds of Syria are likely for the foreseeable future to remain the region 's forgotten minority .
The severe repression suffered by the Syrian Kurds has its roots in the early period of Ba’ath rule in Syria .
The Arab nationalist Ba’athis felt threatened by the presence of a large non-Arab national majority , and set about trying to remove it using the methods usually associated with them .
In 1962 , a census undertaken in the area of highest concentration of Kurdish population in Syria – the al- Hasaka province – resulted in 120,000 - 150,000 Syrian Kurds being arbitrarily stripped of their citizenship .
They and their descendants remain non-persons today .
They are unable to travel outside the country , to own property , or to work in the public sector .
People in this category today number about 200,000 – though no official statistics exist for them .
They are known as ( foreigners ) .
A large additional group of around 100,000 Kurds in Syria remain entirely undocumented and unregistered .
This group , known as ( muted ) , similarly live without citizenship or travel and employment rights .
The bureaucratic struggle of the Syrian regime to wish away its non-Arab population has been accompanied by practical measures on the ground to alter the demographic balance of the country .
In the 1970s , a campaign of “ Arabization ” of Kurdish areas commenced , on the order of president Hafez Assad .
The intention was to create a “ belt ” of Arab population along the northern and northeastern borders of Syria with Turkey and Iraq , where most of the country ’s Kurds live .
The purpose of this was to prevent Kurdish territorial contiguity .
Kurdish place names were changed to Arab ones , Kurds were deprived of their land and instructed to re-settle in the interior .
Kurdish language , music , publications and political organization were banned .
It was forbidden for parents to register their children with Kurdish names .
The vigorous policy of Arabization later largely faded into bureaucratic torpor .
But for a while it produced the desired result – of a divided , demoralized , repressed and largely silent population .
THIS SITUATION no longer pertains .
In March 2004 , following the recognition of Kurdish autonomous control of northern Iraq , something resembling an uprising began among the Kurds of Syria .
The spark that ignited the wave of protests that month was the shooting dead of seven Kurds by the security forces following a clash between Kurds and Arabs at a football match in Qamishli , a city of high Kurdish population close to the Turkish border .
Further shootings took place at the funerals of the dead , and unrest spread across the Jazira , and as far as Aleppo and Damascus .
The army moved into the Kurdish areas with heavy armor and air cover , and the protests were crushed .
Despite conciliatory noises made by President Bashar Assad following the 2004 unrest , nothing of substance has been done to change the conditions endured by Kurds in Syria .
As a result , the situation since 2004 has been one of simmering tension between the Syrian regime and its Kurdish subjects , with occasional flareups .
In August , 2005 , and again in October , 2008 , and then again earlier this year , there were clashes between Kurdish citizens and the security forces in Qamishli , with some deaths and many arrests .
Syrian oppositionists speak of the emergence of a young , increasingly nationalistic younger generation , estranged from the Arab opposition in Syria as well as from the regime .
As yet , no single movement has emerged to reflect this sentiment .
Twelve different political parties exist among the Kurds of Syria , a reflection of the peculiar divisiveness to which regional opposition movements in general , and Kurdish ones in particular , remain prone .
For a variety of reasons , the Kurds have difficulty making their voices heard on the international stage .
Their oppressors are fellow Muslims , rather than Christians or Jews , so the powerful alliance of Muslim states on the international stage is not interested .
Arab states are by definition indifferent or hostile to their concerns .
And with their regular lucklessness , they now face a situation where the rising powers in the region – Turkey and Iran – and their enthusiastic smaller partner Syria all have sizable Kurdish populations and a shared interest in keeping them suppressed .
The misfortune of the Syrian Kurds is compounded by the fact that contrary to the accepted cliché , the enemy of their enemy is not their friend .
This is because the enemy of the Syrian Kurds ’ enemy is the west and the United States .
These are today led by a philosophy which believes in accommodating , rather than confronting rivals .
As a result , the systematic , half - century old campaign of the Syrian Arab Republic to nullify the existence of its Kurdish minority looks set to continue apace .
But there are weird stutters  in prominent places , too , like the little onscreen button you slide to unlock the phone , and when swiping your finger to move among the seven home screens .
The Droid X has an 8 - megapixel camera with dual LED flashes .
Of course , if you still believe that megapixel count is a useful metric for photo quality , help yourself to the photos from these phones .
They ’re fine in sunshine , but they ’re sometimes washed out , and disappointing in low light .
Similarly , the ostensibly high - definition video recordings are good for a cellphone , but awful in low light .
On this phone , there ’s an actual tiny H.D.M.I. jack so you can connect directly to a TV to watch your latest footage ( the cable costs $ 25 ) .
Supposedly , you can also play your video recordings , either wirelessly or , uh , wirefully , from the phone to a TV that bears the D.L.N.A. ( Digital Living Network Alliance ) logo .
( Mine does n’t , so I could n’t try it . )
You can now download recent movies directly to the phone from Blockbuster ( $ 4 for a 24 - hour rental ; about 90 minutes to download ) .
Obnoxiously enough , you ca n’t watch them on your TV using any of those special phone - to - TV connections .
The lawyers are determined to ruin everything .
What will determine your happiness most is how well you like Android software .
It ’s been getting steadily better through frequent updates ; the speech button on the keyboard , which lets you dictate text directly into any place you could type , is just one highlight .
And Motorola promises that when the next Android version appears this summer , you ’ll be able to watch all Flash videos , including blinky Web ads .
Take that , iPhone !
Although Android is much more open and customizable than the iPhone , it ’s also more complicated and less polished .
For example :
¶ When you download any app from Google ’s catalog ( now , with 65,000 apps , about a third the size of Apple ’s ) , you get an alarming security warning .
For example : “ This application has access to the following : Your location .
Your personal information .
Phone calls . ”
Yikes !
What does that mean ?
Should you never download an app , then ?
How are you supposed to make that decision ?
Image The Droid X is the latest “ best Android phone on the market . ” Credit ... Jin Lee / Bloomberg News
¶ The screen rotates 90 degrees when you turn the phone  but only counterclockwise , and not in all apps .
Frustrating .
Tomgram : William Astore , Wars Don't Make Heroes
[ Note for TomDispatch readers :
If you have a moment , check out my latest piece , " Advice for General Petraeus on the Rules of Engagement : It 's Neither / Nor , Not Either / Or . "
It appeared Tuesday at Juan Cole ’s invaluable Informed Comment website as part of my minuscule campaign to get word out about my new book , The American Way of War : How Bush ’s Wars Became Obama’s .
You can check out the first reviews of the book by clicking here .
The next TomDispatch piece will be posted Monday on a slightly slower summer schedule . ]
Consider a strange aspect of our wars since October 2001 : they have yet to establish a bona fide American hero , a national household name .
Two were actually “ nominated ” early by the Bush administration -- Jessica Lynch , a 19 - year - old private and clerk captured by the Iraqis in the early days of the American invasion and later “ rescued ” by Army Rangers and Navy Seals , and Pat Tillman , the former NFL safety who volunteered for service in the Army Rangers eight months after 9/11 and died under “ enemy ” gunfire in Afghanistan .
Both stories were later revealed to be put - up jobs , pure Bush - era propaganda and deceit .
In Lynch ’s case , almost every element in the instant patriotic myth about her rescue proved either phony or highly exaggerated ; in Tillman ’s , it turned out that he had been killed by friendly fire , but -- thanks to a military cover - up ( that involved General Stanley McChrystal , later to become Afghan war commander ) -- was still given a Silver Star and a posthumous promotion .
Members of his unit were even ordered by the military to lie at his funeral , and he was made into a convenient “ hero ” and recruitment poster boy for the Afghan War .
Both were shameful episodes , involving administration manipulation and media gullibility .
Since then , as TomDispatch regular and retired lieutenant colonel William Astore points out , U.S. troops as a whole have been labeled “ our heroes , ” but individual heroes have been in vanishingly short supply .
In fact , the only specific figures who get the heroic treatment these days are our military commanders .
They tend to be written about like so many demi-gods ( until they fall ) .
General McChrystal , before his ignominious nosedive , was presented in the press ( with the Tillman incident all but forgotten ) as a cross between a Spartan ascetic and a strategic genius ( with the brain of a military Stephen Hawking ) .
Present war commander General David Petraeus regularly receives even more fawning media treatment and seems to be worshipped in Washington these days as if he were not only “ an American hero , ” but a genuine military god ( as well as a future presidential candidate ) .
Yet , in the way they ’ve been treated , both of these figures seem closer to celebrities than heroes in any traditional sense .
Perhaps this catches something essential about America ’s unending wars in Afghanistan , Iraq , and also what used to be called the Global War on Terror but now has no name .
Like the drone pilots who sit at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada , killing peasants and terrorists 7,000 miles away and to whom new standards of “ valor ” are now being applied , most Americans are remarkably detached from the wars our “ all volunteer ” military force ( and its vast contingent of for - profit mercenary warriors ) fight in distant lands .
Our forces have become generically heroic , but no one cares to look too closely at the specifics of these bloody , dirty wars that will never end in victory , not close enough to end up with actual heroes .
Our “ heroic ” troops have no real names , any more than the wars they fight , and so individual heroics are perhaps beside the point .
( Check out the latest TomCast audio interview in which William Astore discusses heroism and the military by clicking here , or to download to your iPod , here . )
Tom
“ Our American Heroes ”
Why It ’s Wrong to Equate Military Service with Heroism
By William J. Astore
When I was a kid in the 1970s , I loved reading accounts of American heroism from World War II .
I remember being riveted by a book about the staunch Marine defenders of Wake Island and inspired by John F. Kennedy ’s exploits saving the sailors he commanded on PT - 109 .
Closer to home , I had an uncle -- like so many vets of that war , relatively silent on his own experiences -- who had been at Pearl Harbor when the Japanese attacked on December 7 , 1941 , and then fought them in a brutal campaign on Guadalcanal , where he earned a Bronze Star .
Such men seemed like heroes to me , so it came as something of a shock when , in 1980 , I first heard Yoda ’s summary of war in The Empire Strikes Back .
Luke Skywalker , if you remember , tells the wizened Jedi master that he seeks “ a great warrior . ”
“ Wars not make one great , ” Yoda replies .
Today was pretty wild , but if you want to see wild , take a trip down memory lane to the NASDAQ on April 4 , 2000 , when the market was at one point down 14 % before snapping back to nearly even .
The wild action is highlighted in yellow .
On that day the NASDAQ opened at 4283 , hit 3649 at mid-day , and closed at 4148 .
And then what ?
A week later the market was back at those depressed levels .
Click the chart to enlarge .
Get Our FREE
Tastes of Europe Cookbook Which European country will inspire your culinary journey tonight ?
Get our cookbook , free , when you sign up for our newsletter .
Email Address Sign up
There was an error .
Please try again .
My favorite part of doing this comic , was the fact that the sketch for Nurse Joy looked anything but SFW .
Unless you knew the colors that were going to be implemented , it just looked well …
Well , here ’s part of the sketch here so you can see for yourself , but be forewarned that to the untrained eye it could be considered NSFW … just like this Friday 4 Koma .
Well , this is the last comic before I head off to Otakon on Friday morning .
Looking forward to meeting those of you brave enough to say , “ hi ” to me while I ’m there .
Also , going to have a few new items that are currently unavailable in the store .
Hopefully I ’ll see you there !
ANY country living beside an economic and cultural colossus tends to shore up its separate identity by emphasising its differences and ignoring its similarities .
Few nations have mastered this better than Canada , which for decades has seen itself as a kinder , gentler counterpart to the United States .
But under Stephen Harper , Canada 's Conservative prime minister since 2006 , the two countries have been converging .
While Barack Obama has embraced policies that Canadians hold dear , such as near - universal health care and stricter financial regulation , Mr Harper has been importing many hallmarks of American Republicanism .
Mr Obama 's expansion of government has generated a fierce backlash from the tea -party movement .
Will Mr Harper suffer a similar rebellion in reverse ?
Compare the Canada preparing to host the G8 and G20 summits later this month with that of 2002 , the last time it hosted the G8 , and the difference is clear .
Back then the debate was about legalising gay marriage , decriminalising marijuana and how to attract more immigrants .
Now it is about lowering taxes , and cracking down on crime and bogus refugees .
Even abortion , a question settled two decades ago in Canada , has returned to the news .
This grittier mood is partly a function of the world financial crisis .
But Mr Harper can also claim to have moulded it .
He argues that Canadians are not as left - wing as their governments have been , and that it was conservative divisions that long gave the Liberals free rein to impose a “ benign dictatorship ” .
He took over one of two rival right - of - centre parties in 2002 by attracting voters he described as “ similar to what George Bush tapped ” , and then merged it with the other .
Since then he has won two elections — but never with a parliamentary majority .
Like Mr Bush , Mr Harper is an evangelical Christian who once worked for an oil company .
Many of his initiatives were first tried in America .
Both men vowed to cut taxes and shrink government , and wound up completing only the first half of their agenda .
Mr Harper has slashed corporate and personal income taxes as well as the national sales tax .
His anti-tax rhetoric seems to have struck a chord : Liberals complain that they can no longer propose raising revenue because the Conservatives made “ tax ” a dirty word .
The prime minister also increased spending , however , creating a deficit of 3 % of GDP — large by Canadian standards .
Mr Harper 's foreign policy has also echoed Mr Bush's .
He has embraced Israel 's right - wing government , even as Mr Obama has distanced himself from it .
He wants to stop funding foreign health programmes that allow abortion .
As opposition leader , he condemned Canada 's decision not to join America 's invasion of Iraq .
In office , he has increased military spending by 27 % , and the number of Canadian troops in Afghanistan by two - fifths .
He has pledged to pull out in 2011 , but in that he is obeying a binding parliamentary vote .
Another priority of Mr Harper 's has been to get tough on crime .
He introduced bills to stop prisoners from collecting pensions or receiving double credit for time served before conviction .
His government has strengthened mandatory - sentencing laws , reducing judges ' discretion to impose shorter jail terms .
Even though the overall crime rate has been falling , Canadians ' attitudes are hardening .
Mr Bush 's one significant departure from conservative doctrine concerned immigration , where he unsuccessfully attempted a liberalising reform .
Mr Harper is more orthodox .
After a rise in the number of would - be refugees from Mexico last year , Canada required all visitors from Mexico—its partner in the North American Free Trade Agreement — to obtain visas .
The government is now pushing a broader reform of immigration law which would make it harder for both bogus and legitimate refugees to reach Canadian soil .
A poll this year found that 27 % of Canadians see immigrants and refugees as a critical threat , up from 21 % five years ago .
There are some reasons to believe that the country 's rightward drift might outlast Mr Harper .
Ageing baby boomers care more about crime , for example , than they do about providing universal day care , an initiative of the previous Liberal government axed by the Conservatives .
The anti-market sentiment that helped propel Mr Obama to office is absent in Canada , since its banks were already highly regulated .
Voters approve of Mr Harper 's economic stewardship .
And now it is the left - of - centre parties that are squabbling among themselves .
In another sign of the new zeitgeist , on June 15th Pierre Karl Péladeau , a media mogul , announced the launch of Sun TV News , a new television channel led by Kory Teneycke , Mr Harper 's former communications director .
Pundits have already dubbed it Fox News North .
Many people on both sides of the border share the same values , says Matthew Mendelsohn , who heads a think - tank in Toronto .
He argues the conservative American south pulls the United States to the right , while Quebec 's social - democratic traditions tug Canada to the left .
But the striking thing about Mr Harper 's conservative revolution is the narrowness of its political base .
The opinion polls still give the Conservatives just 31 % , meaning that a parliamentary majority remains beyond their grasp .
The prime minister has been masterful at extracting advantage from favourable circumstances and from small shifts in public opinion .
But above all he has thrived on a shambolic opposition .
It is far too early to conclude that he has remade his country .
Sunday , May 16 , 2010 at 10:37AM
The State Department yesterday requested that Americans defer or cancel all leisure travel to Thailand , and defer indefinitely all business travel if possible .
Recent escalation of the violent demonstrations happening there prompted the State Department to issue the updated warning to American travelers .
It noted the amorphous and protean nature of the demonstrations , particularly in and around the capital city of Bangkok , and urged American travelers to always be on guard against violence anywhere in Thailand .
This violence includes but is not limited to gun violence , and grenade and other explosive attacks .
Numerous areas in and around Bangkok have seen intense , violent protests and heavy gunfire in recent days , including areas near the American Embassy , which will be closed tomorrow for security reasons .
The State Department emphasized that the American Embassy in Thailand will close as often as necessary and be closed as long as necessary to ensure security .
It urged Americans in Thailand to register online with the Consular Section of the Embassy .
American - based and international phone numbers are listed in the online travel warning for Thailand , for more up - to - date information on violence there .
related story
Dept. of State continues to urge caution when traveling to Georgia ( May 4 , 2010 )
United States Department of State
The massive Gulf of Mexico oil spill has not fouled the vast majority of the area 's beaches but is still scaring tourists away , according to a report to be released Wednesday .
Almost all beach closures from the spill have been clustered in three areas of Louisiana , according to the 20th annual report on water quality at U.S. beaches by the Natural Resources Defense Council .
The council is a non-profit , non-partisan environmental advocacy group that used government data for its " Testing the Waters " report .
But the spill , which has spewed as much as 184 million gallons of oil since it began April 20 , is worrying tourists and prompting dozens of health advisories throughout the Gulf .
Closures or advisories have been issued for 49 of 253 monitored beach sites in Alabama , Florida , Louisiana , and Mississippi , the report says .
Taken together for all these beaches , they cover a total of 1,972 days so far this year , whereas similar ones last year covered 237 days .
" We have not had any oil , any tarballs , anything within hundreds of miles of our beaches , " said D.T. Minich , executive director of Visit St. Petersburg / Clearwater tourism authority .
" But perception is the problem . "
Already several conventions and an international volleyball tournament scheduled for the fall have canceled because of fears the area 's beaches will be polluted by then , Minich said .
" They 're concerned about buying non-refundable airline tickets into a place where they are concerned there might be a problem in the fall . "
" Tourists are being driven away by the specter of oil " mouse , " tar balls , tar mats and even liquid oil on the sand and in the water , " the report says .
" The oil spill has been a tragedy " that has hurt both the Gulf economy and its environment , says David Beckman , water program director of the Natural Resources Defense Council .
" The impact varies widely from place to place . "
Mississippi has been hit hard .
It posted advisories for 16 of 20 beaches , covering 479 days , the report says .
A beach was closed for a week earlier this month in Hancock County but others have remained open , says Robbie Wilbur of the state 's Department of Environmental Quality .
Far fewer warnings have been issued in Alabama and Florida , and none in Texas , but officials take the spill seriously .
" We 've never had oil on our beaches before , " said Tim Hatch of Alabama 's Center for Emergency Preparedness , which issued advisories for one - fourth of its beach areas .
" We strongly encourage people to avoid contact with the oil , " said Susan Smith of Florida 's Department of Health .
Oil contains heavy metals that can cause skin and breathing irritation , as well as other problems , the report says .
In Panama City Beach , Fla. , tourism tax collections rose 7.7 % in May , before tumbling 4.6 % in July , according to Dan Rowe , president of the convention and visitors bureau there .
About half of all tourism dollars are spent during the three summer months , he said .
" The spill did n't really begin to impact us until late April , " Rowe said .
" Then in May , anecdotally , we were hearing that a lot of people were rushing to get a visit in here before the bad stuff hit the beaches — but it 's never hit the beaches . "
At Alabama beaches where warnings are posted , Hatch says there are fewer swimmers .
But he adds : " People are still in the water . "
Contributing : Dan Reed in Fort Worth
About 15,000 people have chosen to store their babies ' cord blood with three private Australian operators , at a cost of up to $ 4000 .
Another 22,000 are said to have donated cord blood to public banks .
Among them are 12,000 people who have donated blood to the Sydney Cord Blood Bank .
Cord blood donated to the public bank is available for use by the wider population .
Cord blood stored with a private bank is for individual use .
Peter Littlewood , chief executive officer of Australian Stem Cell HealthCare , said private blood banking gave parents peace of mind because children could be treated with their own cord blood in a process called autologous treatment .
'' Parents see storage as an insurance policy for the future .
As science develops we would expect it would have more uses in the future .
It is an area with huge potential . ''
Cord - blood stem cells are said to have the ability to develop into different types of cells throughout the body .
Scientists believe they can be used to treat a variety of diseases .
Duke University in the US has announced a new trial using stem cell infusions to treat cerebral palsy , congenital heart disease and forms of cancer .
Graeme Moore , quality and regulatory affairs manager at the private bank Cryosite , said : '' We never make any claims , but people are aware of the possibilities for cord blood in regenerative medicine . ''
Pamela Clark , the director of the Sydney Cord Blood Bank , said : '' In published papers and other reviews it has been estimated that the likelihood of using cord blood collected for private use ranges from 1 in 2500 to over 1 in 200,000 , although future advances in the field could potentially lead to increased alternate treatments using autologous stored cord blood . ''
Mr Moore said stem cell research in Australia had been slowed down by ethical debate .
'' It 's right to have that debate but the difference is we 're not using embryonic stem cells .
These cells are … from cords which would otherwise be thrown away as medical waste . ''
Families who want to use stem cell treatments for conditions such as cerebral palsy , brain injury or diabetes often have to travel overseas to seek medical expertise , leading to so - called stem cell tourism .
' I wanted to give something back '
Phoebe Neylon , a mother of four , chose to donate cord blood to the public Sydney Cord Blood Bank after seeing patients at the Sydney Children 's Hospital in Randwick .
'' Your heart just goes out to them .
It really is heartbreaking , and I think that if you can help make them better you should . ''
Mrs Neylon 's two eldest children , Faith , 8 , and Alexander , 9 , were born in France , where cord blood collection was not offered .
When she had Lillian , now 6 , in Sydney , she donated the cord blood .
She did the same with Harry , born in March .
'' I 've had four perfect pregnancies , four perfect labours and four healthy children , '' she said .
'' I wanted to give something back . ''
She said the collection process was simple .
'' I thought it 's not a huge imposition on me but it could make a huge difference to someone else .
'' I can't understand why anyone would n't do it . ''
June 24 , 2010 – Dr. Anklesnap
After a lot of speculation this past week leading up to the NBA Draft and the summer free agency period , NBA veteran Rasheed Wallace has officially decided to retire from the NBA .
Wallace had 15 turbulent seasons in the NBA , where highs saw him playing as an integral piece of the 2004 NBA Champion Detroit Pistons , and lows where he often led the league in technical foul calls and ejections while part of the fan / media labeled ‘ Jail Blazers ’ during his time in Portland .
NBA.com ’s David Aldridge had this on the news :
The Boston Celtics ’ expected rebuilding began Thursday when veteran forward Rasheed Wallace officially decided to retire after 15 NBA seasons , a league source said .
Wallace ’s retirement had been expected after the Celtics ’ seven - game loss to the Lakers in the Finals , but Boston had held out some hope that the 35 - year - old would change his mind with a few days ’ contemplation .
Wallace signed a three - year , $ 18.9 million contract with Boston last summer , turning down offers from Orlando and San Antonio after the Celtics made a team - wide push to recruit him , sending Coach Doc Rivers , GM Danny Ferry and forwards Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce to Wallace ’s home to ask him to play in Boston .
He left more than $ 12 million on the table by opting to retire .
Wallace was not in great shape at the beginning of the season , but saved his best play for late in the regular season and in the playoffs , stepping in at center when starter Kendrick Perkins was injured and could not go in Game 7 .
{ Via}
In the days to weeks to come there will surely be lots of coverage on the Wallace retirement in the blogosphere , as he was a player that revolutionized the way we look at the skill set of a big man .
Not only was Wallace a dominant force in the post , but he was the first of a new generation of big men who can step out and knock down the outside shot with consistency .
Wallace never shied away from a big moment in crunch time , and his passionate and fiery play will certainly be missed by fans and players league wide .
Last year , business review site Yelp was the target of a scathing exposé that accused the company of promoting or even fabricating negative reviews in order to get businesses to pay to have them hidden or removed .
Now , the company is facing a class action lawsuit over those practices , which attorney Jared Beck said amounted to " high - tech extortion . "
In an in - depth article that appeared in East Bay Express last year , business owners said that Yelp sales agents would contact them whenever negative reviews appeared for their business .
Representatives allegedly would offer to remove or hide the reviews in exchange for agreeing to buy an advertising contract with the site .
" When you do get a call from Yelp , and you go to the site , it looks like [ the negative comments ] have been moved , " a restaurant owner told East Bay Express .
" You do n't know if they happen to be at the top legitimately or if the rep moved them to the top .
You do n't even know if this is someone who legitimately does n't like your restaurant . "
The owner said that a sales rep offered to remove negative reviews for $ 299 per month .
Yelp reviews can often make or break a small business that relies on word of mouth , and business owners have a clear need for a way to address reviews that may be false or make disparaging comments .
In our research , we even turned up one " online reputation management " company offering a service to " fix " negative Yelp reviews in a Google search ad .
This ad in Google 's search results suggests that the firm can " repair " bad Yelp reviews .
A veterinary hospital in Long Beach , California experienced similar tactics to those described in the Easy Bay Express article .
When the hospital contacted Yelp to address false and defamatory claims in a review it received on the site , Yelp allegedly refused to remove the comment unless the hospital agreed to pay $ 300 a month .
Attorney Gregory Weston , who had done legal work for the hospital in the past , is also working on the class action suit .
" This had happened to the client over a period of time , " he told Ars .
" They were finding very harsh , negative reviews appearing at the top of [ their Yelp page ] , and the [ sales ] calls were very aggressive .
They went online and found that this had been happening to other people , and they forwarded me what they found . "
After Weston looked into the matter , he agreed to file the case with partner Beck .
" It 's one thing if you enter in to an advertising contract of your own free will , but it 's another thing if you do that if someone has unfair leverage over you , " Beck told Ars .
" We think it 's unconscionable to go to a small business and say , ' We can take down these negative reviews , and we will if you pay us . ' "
The pair have already received a number of calls from around the country , just one day after filing the suit in US District Count , Central District of California .
" Today I 've talked to two different dentists , in different parts of the country , for example , " Weston told Ars .
He is evaluating the claims he receives for potential class representatives or others that can offer corroborating testimony .
We asked Yelp to comment on the allegations , and naturally the company disagrees with the characterization of its sales practices .
" The allegations are demonstrably false , since many businesses that advertise on Yelp have both negative and positive reviews , " Vince Sollitto , vice president of communications for Yelp , told Ars .
The company notes on its website that only 15 percent of all reviews on the site are one or two stars ( out of five ) .
" These businesses realize that both kinds of feedback provide authenticity and value , " Sollitto continued .
" Running a good business is hard ; filing a lawsuit is easy .
We will fight the suit aggressively . "
The lawsuit seeks an injunction against Yelp to discontinue practices that are believed to violate California 's unfair business practices statutes , as well as requesting unspecified damages .
Washington ( CNN ) --
A former State Department analyst was sentenced to life in prison Friday for spying for Cuba for almost 30 years .
His wife and partner in spying received a sentence of six years and nine months , but will get credit for more than a year already served .
Kendall Myers , 73 , pleaded guilty last November to conspiracy to commit espionage and wire fraud .
His wife , Gwendolyn Steingraber Myers , 72 , admitted to one count of conspiracy to gather and transmit national defense information .
Kendall Myers ' life sentence does not include the possibility of parole .
In a prepared statement , Myers said he and his wife never wanted to harm Americans .
" We wish to add at this time that we acted as we did for 30 years because of our ideals and beliefs , " he said .
" We did not seek nor receive payment for our work .
We did not act out of anger at the United States or from a feeling of anti-Americanism .
Nor did we ever intend to hurt any individual Americans .
Our overriding objective was to help the Cuban people defend their revolution .
We also hoped to forestall conflict between the two countries . "
" We share the dreams and ideals of the Cuban revolution , " he added .
" We are equally committed to helping the struggling people of the world , whether they are here at home or abroad . "
As part of their sentences , the couple also agreed to pay the government more than $ 1.7 million , a figure matching Kendall Myers ' estimated salary over the years while working for the U.S. government and secretly spying for Cuba .
The two were arrested in June 2009 after meeting several times with an undercover FBI agent to whom they admitted their activities on behalf of Cuba .
Those meetings were captured on video and audio tape .
Court documents painted an intriguing picture of a couple motivated by admiration for Fidel Castro and the Cuban revolution .
They used code names .
Kendall Myers was known as Agent 202 .
Gwendolyn Myers used the names Agent 123 and Agent E-634 .
They used a shortwave radio to communicate from their District of Columbia home with their Cuban handlers .
The couple also admitted they met Cuban agents on overseas trips to various places , including Trinidad and Tobago , Jamaica , Mexico , Brazil , Ecuador and Argentina .
Kendall Myers worked at the State Department 's Foreign Service Institute and later at the department 's Bureau of Intelligence and Research .
He received a " top secret " security clearance in 1985 .
According to court documents , Myers told the undercover FBI agent he usually took information from the State Department by memorizing it or taking notes , and upon occasion he actually took classified documents home .
Gwendolyn Myers said she would process the information to be delivered to their Cuban intelligence handlers .
At the request of the defense , U.S. District Judge Reggie Walton agreed to recommend the Myerses serve their time in facilities near one another to make it easier for family members to visit them .
The Bureau of Prisons will make the ultimate decision on that .
The Black Guardian , also known as the Guardian of Darkness and Chaos , was an anthropomorphic personification of the forces opposed to the powers of light , as embodied by the White Guardian .
With the White Guardian and four others , he was part of the Six - Fold God known as the Guardians of Time .
( PROSE : The Quantum Archangel )
An infinitely powerful universal force of chaos , ( AUDIO : The Trouble with Drax ) he was the representative of all that was evil and chaotic in the universe , balanced only against the White Guardian , ( AUDIO : The Dalek Contract ) although another " interface " stated he was not evil but merely the opposite of law , representing both chaos and freedom .
( AUDIO : The Destroyer of Delights )
Contents show ]
Powers Edit
The Black Guardian was the embodiment of chaos in time .
Like all Guardians , he was only as powerful as his element in the universe .
He was able to change his appearance at will , enter the Doctor 's TARDIS , and channel his power of destruction to his follower Wrack .
He appreciated creatures with random flaws and perfections , such as vampires .
While he was powerful , theoretically , he could do much more damage with the Key to Time .
In addition , he was unable to enter the Doctor 's TARDIS when its defences were activated ( TV : The Armageddon Factor ) and was additionally dispersed by time differential , the Key to Time being broken , and Enlightenment .
( TV : Mawdryn Undead , The Armageddon Factor , Enlightenment )
The Black Guardian was the most powerful at the end of the universe where his counterpart could interfere the least , and he was able to follow the Doctor through time and space , seeing his adventures against the Wizard of Avalon , the Animus , Ruath , and the Timewyrm .
He could only contact lower primates ( like humans and Trions ) when their minds were knocked into altered states .
( PROSE : The Well - Mannered War )
He seemed able to hypnotise people and appear in their dreams like Eternals , but unlike them he could not telepathically read minds .
Additionally he possessed mechanical knowledge of the TARDIS and Terminus , instructing Turlough how to operate controls and to sabotage the TARDIS console .
( TV : Mawdryn Undead , Terminus )
Biography Edit
Origins Edit
The Scrolls of Gallifrey claimed that the White and Black Guardian were created by Rassilon from within the Matrix shortly after his official " death " and resurrection as a Matrix Lord .
Creating the two so that they could help him maintain cosmic balance , Rassilon entrusted them with the Key to Time .
( PROSE : The Legacy of Gallifrey )
In another account , the Celestial Toymaker claimed that there were actually six guardians , not two , with himself being another Guardian , and also that all six of them were in actuality Great Old Ones from the pre-universe , who had found new roles and new powers after surviving into the history of N - Space .
( PROSE : Divided Loyalties )
Accordingly , one account claimed the Guardians of Time were all in attendance for the creation of the universe — ( PROSE : The Whoniverse ) although yet another account suggested that the sentient principle of " evil " who had witnessed the beginning of the cosmos was Fenric .
( TV : The Curse of Fenric )
Early activities Edit
The Fifth Doctor theorised that the Black Guardian played some part in the concept of vampires , seeing their potential as creatures of chaos , and somehow being responsible for the law of vampires not becoming " true " vampires until a full moon .
( PROSE : Goth Opera )
Other accounts placed the infestation of the universe by the first and greatest of vampires at an early point in Gallifreyan history .
( TV : State of Decay , PROSE : The Book of the War , etc. )
Prometheus and the Millennium War Edit
The Black Guardian , collectively with the other Guardians , removed Prometheus from existence and imprisoned Kronos , then known as Avatar , in the crystal of Kronos and threw it into the Time Vortex .
They later answered the call of the survivors of the Millennium War and granted their request to erase their memory of the war .
( PROSE : The Quantum Archangel )
The first quest for the Key to Time Edit
The White Guardian sent the Fourth Doctor and Romana I on a quest to find the six segments of the Key to Time , transmuted into a variety of forms and scattered across time and space .
He warned them of the Black Guardian who would try to prevent the assembly of the Key .
( TV : The Ribos Operation )
Circa 1778 , the Black Guardian saved the Captain when his ship crashed on Zanak .
Two hundred years later , he served Queen Xanxia and pirated dozens of planets , including the second segment of the Key to Time , disguised as Calufrax .
( TV : The Pirate Planet , PROSE : The Pirate Planet )
The sixth and final segment took the form of a living being , Princess Astra of Atrios .
The Black Guardian used the Shadow to try to prevent the Doctor and Romana from re-assembling the Key .
After the Doctor defeated the Shadow and re-assembled the Key , the Black Guardian posed as the White Guardian and asked for the Key .
Observing the Black Guardian 's casual indifference to the life of Princess Astra , the Doctor saw through this ruse and scattered the Key through time instead .
The Black Guardian swore revenge on the Doctor .
( TV : The Armageddon Factor )
The revenge Edit
To evade the Black Guardian 's revenge , the Doctor fitted the TARDIS with a randomiser to prevent the Guardian from knowing where they would materialise next .
( TV : Destiny of the Daleks )
While he and Romana I took up residence in a London townhouse in 1929 , K9 programmed the TARDIS to visit approximately 1,000 planets , which took about a month , in order to lead the Guardian on a false chase , ( AUDIO : The Auntie Matter ) although the Black Guardian later claimed this was a failed endeavour .
He posed as an aid for Neville Sanders and helped him to get an emergency bunker .
( AUDIO : The Pursuit of History )
The Black Guardian created the construct known as Cuthbert , a " self - made " man because his timeline was a temporal paradox , whereby he created his own existence .
As such , his company the Conglomerate was so entwined with history that to destroy it would cause chaos throughout the universe .
Using the alias " Mr. Edge " and believing the Doctor must follow a moral code , he tried to trick the Doctor into shooting Cuthbert and killing him , preventing him from influencing history .
However , he Doctor realised the truth because Edge could n't kill Cuthbert himself , and refused to stop Cuthbert from firing on a Salonu ship .
Although he missed , the ship still crashed on 6th century Earth , and history continued , foiling the Guardian .
( AUDIO : Casualties of Time )
A second attempt at revenge occurred when he lured the Doctor and Romana to Barclow .
He engineered the war between the Humans and the Chelonians as well as manipulating Galatea to create the concept of consular privilege to allow K9 Mark II to become a presidential candidate .
Menlove Stokes was used in the plans to destroy the femdroids ' controls and set the TARDIS ' controls to take them to Dellah in the 26th century .
He bargained on the Doctor 's rash decisions to set the Darkness on the universe when the Doctor dematerialised the TARDIS , planning to send them into deep space .
The Doctor foiled his plans again by using the emergency unit to take himself out of time and space .
( PROSE : The Well - Mannered War )
A different method Edit
Eventually , the Doctor grew sick of running from the Guardian and removed the randomiser , the Guardian 's wrath no longer worrying him .
( TV : The Leisure Hive )
Later , however , the Fifth Doctor would pilot the TARDIS to more enjoyable and relaxing destinations , worrying that the Black Guardian would track him down more easily .
Incidentally , the Guardian had some part in organising Ruath and Yarven 's scheme to restore Gallifrey to power in an era after it had ceased to exist , turning humanity into vampires and spreading out across the universe .
When they were defeated by the Doctor , he met with the White Guardian on Gallifrey and confided that he would need a different method to defeat the Doctor .
( PROSE : Goth Opera )
Turlough 's assistance Edit
The Black Guardian appeared to Turlough , a young Trion exiled to Earth .
He promised Turlough that , if he killed the Fifth Doctor , he would return Turlough to his home .
He gave Turlough a small crystal to communicate with him .
Turlough ended up joining the Doctor , Tegan and Nyssa in the TARDIS , still at least partly determined to carry out his mission .
( TV : Mawdryn Undead )
As he grew fonder of the Doctor , Turlough began to rebel against the Black Guardian , wishing to back out of the bargain .
The Black Guardian still convinced Turlough to sabotage the Doctor 's TARDIS .
( TV : Terminus )
The Doctor and his companions received a warning from the White Guardian about the Black Guardian .
They then found themselves in the midst of a contest for Enlightenment , symbolised by a crystal of unknown powers and great value .
It was much sought after by the amoral Eternals , who vied for it by racing sailing ships across the Solar System .
The Black Guardian hoped that , with such a prize , the Eternals might wreak havoc throughout the universe .
Instead , the Doctor and Turlough won the race .
The Doctor refused Enlightenment , offering it instead to Turlough .
The Black Guardian told Turlough that , to get the crystal , he must kill the Doctor .
Turlough refused and threw the crystal at the Black Guardian , who vanished in a burst of flames .
However , the White Guardian said the Black Guardian would exist as long as he did , until neither were needed any longer .
( TV : Enlightenment )
The second quest for the Key to Time Edit
The Black Guardian rescued the Fifth Doctor and Amy from an Ice Warrior ship which was plunging into a sun .
According to Amy , he was not meant to get involved in their search as the Grace told her .
( AUDIO : The Judgement of Isskar )
After that encounter , the Guardian took them to many places but they could not find the fifth segment .
The Doctor realised the Guardian was being methodical in his search ; they could find the fifth segment by being heedless of order , their destination controlled by chaos .
The Guardian sent the Doctor and Amy on their way and followed them .
In 9th century Sudan , he inserted himself into the time stream and became part of the events .
As Lord Cassim Alibaba , he evaded taxes to fix the Djinni 's warp manifold , which needed gold , ( although platinum or plutonium would have been quicker ) to create the orium needed .
This was the fifth segment of the Key to Time .
This evasion brought the Legate of the Caliph , the embodiment of law in the region , to collect the tax .
In the confusing welter of events , the Doctor and Amy were able to escape with the Key .
( AUDIO : The Destroyer of Delights )
Stranded in 9th century Sudan , he was a shadow of his former self , unable to become what he once was .
When the Doctor became trapped on the Teuthoidian ship , he heard a voice on intra-ship communications which he thought was Romana II 's and sent a telepathic communication to her ' answer phone ' .
The voice was President Astra's , a double of Romana .
Romana received the Doctor 's answer and found the TARDIS in hyperspace .
The TARDIS took her to some of its recent destinations , Mars and 9th century Sudan , where she found the Black Guardian , who led her to believe that he knew where the Doctor was .
By the time she realised this was n't true it was too late .
He had rejuvenated with the power of the sixth segment : Romana herself .
Trying to achieve his final goal , the Black Guardian used the gathered freedom fighters to stop the White Guardian 's Teuthoidian horde from getting the Key , locking the two Guardians in opposing balance once again .
At that moment the Grace reappeared and sent the two of them back to howling void , to continue their eternal struggle .
( AUDIO : The Chaos Pool )
The third quest for the Key to Time Edit
The Black Guardian created an alternate timeline in which the First Doctor had never left Gallifrey , and was now Lord President .
However , it also meant that countless aliens had invaded Earth in absence of the Doctor stopping them .
The White Guardian sent them on a quest once more for the Key to Time , which could restore the natural timeline .
( COMIC : Time & Time Again )
Other references Edit
In the video game Happy Deathday , played by Izzy Sinclair on the Time - Space Visualiser , the Beige Guardian , noting that his peers mocked him for not being assigned a " cool " colour , recalled that Black and Green would not stop laughing at him .
( COMIC : Happy Deathday )
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Unsigned postcards were sent to timber companies and saw mills involved in the Globe Forest timber sale in North Carolina .
The Campaign to Save the Globe Forest and others work very hard to protect old growth forest , but have failed to stop industry .
We support their efforts , but more is obviously needed .
Croatan Earth First ! has organized several protests against the Globe Forest timber sale as well as action camps to discuss and practice further tactics to save the Globe .
Although no one has admitted responsibility for the postcards , we support direct action in defense of our Earth .
Earth First ! is not a top - down organization ; it is a movement , a rallying cry .
When a person wants to protect their environment , their whole world , no authorization is necessary .
We do not compromise with industry .
We must protect the Globe Forest .
When protests do n’t work , we have to step up our game .
If they are Earth First !ers like we are , those who sent the postcards have our full support .
Save the Globe !
Monday , July 08 , 2019
Goodspaceguy 's 2019 Call to Abolish Minimum Wage
In 2019 , I , Goodspaceguy , am making my 20th call to abolish the job - destroying minimum wage by running as a candidate for the King County Council in Washington State .
I want to increase the living standard of the workers .
We need to get more people into the work force , and we need to increase their productivity so that they can help raise the living standard .
To make a " living wage " the goods and services of the " living wage " must be produced by the workers , otherwise , people are just talking empty words .
Without realising it , people who support the job - destroying minimum wage are also supporting crime .
People who have difficulty getting jobs at the job - destroying minimum wage , still need money .
These problem people are sometimes forced to turn to crime to get the money they need .
If we abolish the minimum wage , the " abolished jobs " of the struggling , un- profitable projects and businesses should come back .
Homeless people will more easily find jobs and learn job skills .
Problem people will be allowed back into productive society and over time will become more productive .
The increasingly productive people will help push the living standard up towards prosperity .
As the problem people work better and better , they will become less and less a burden on their fellow workers .
My ( Goodspaceguy's ) 200 word campaign statement and information in the Voters ' Guide is as follows :
2019 King County Council , District 8 , Candidacy of GoodSpaceGuy Education : University educated in Germany , Sweden , and America : Bachelor ’s and Master ’s degrees ( including economics and business . )
Occupation : Through simple living , GoodSpaceGuy became a prosperous investor and owner .
Statement : With the International Space Station , we Earthlings have obtained a finger - tip hold in the beginning of our Orbital Space Age .
Please think of yourselves as being passengers or crew members on our Spaceship Earth .
( Our world is a spaceship , traveling through space , around our Sun , once a year , and with our Sun , we are traveling within our Milky Way Galaxy , a spinning cloud of billions and billions of solar systems . )
Let ’s clean and beautify touristic King County .
Let ’s raise the living standard in King County on Spaceship Earth by using the power of the voluntary , competitive , consumer - serving , free market .
Let ’s abolish the job - destroying minimum wage which creates so many homeless , unemployed , problem , poor people and panhandlers and shop - lifters and muggers .
Bad law has created misery and criminals !
By defending the profit incentive of the free market , we can increase jobs .
More profit , more jobs .
Let ’s create more knowledge , profit , jobs , productivity , and a living standard rising high up into the sky towards the coming orbital space habitat homes , where we can learn how to live in space before going to Mars .
Also let ’s reduce frustration by making it easier to park in touristic , welcoming King County .
Thursday , June 28 , 2018
2018 Candidate GoodSpaceGuy Runs For US Senate
Greetings to my fellow passengers and crew members of Spaceship Earth on this Thursday of 2018 June 28 .
This is my 51st post on this blog .
I , Goodspaceguy , am again a candidate for the US Senate .
This is the 19th time I 'm running for political office .
Unfortunately , those elected to political office over the many years have n't carried out my up - lifting program of prosperity and joy , therefore I 'm running again .
My goal is to use Free Market Economics and Profit and a higher Technology to raise the living standard of the increasing percentage of workers on Spaceship Earth , and to get some of them and their descendants into the coming , orbital , privately - owned , space habitats around our Earth and into the Goldilocks zone around our star , the Sun .
In Earth orbit , our space colonists should learn how to live in space before we send humans out to orbit Mars .
( Let 's lower the cost of the coming Mars Mission . )
The entrepreneurial colonists should demonstrate how to live a sky - high quality of life and joy in the heavens above and around our Spaceship Earth .
2018 US Senate Biography , Statement , and Contact :
Goodspaceguy :
BIOGRAPHY :
Elected Experience :
I , freemarket Goodspaceguy , was electorally defeated 18 times .
( The poverty of the big spenders ' Command Economy continues ! )
Other Professional Experience :
With my bachelor 's degree and master 's degree , I , small spending Goodspaceguy , invested and became prosperous .
Education :
I , Goodspaceguy , Minnesota born , was university educated in Germany , Sweden , and America .
My education included business , profits , and economics .
( Free market economics guided by profit tells us how to raise the workers ' living standard .
Work builds prosperity . )
Community Service :
I , freemarket Goodspaceguy , advocate against poverty caused by the Command Economy .
Let 's replace the job destroying minimum wage with individual free market wages so that jobs become easy to get .
STATEMENT :
Please think of our world as a beautiful spaceship .
We are the passengers and crew members on Spaceship Earth .
We are traveling in space around our Sun while our Sun travels inside our Milky Way Galaxy .
But we are wasting too much money and allowing too much destruction on our planet .
Let 's stop the population explosion that is exterminating the wildlife wilderness .
Using voluntary , competitive , free market economics , let 's raise the living standard of the workers .
Let 's reject the voter supported Big Government Command Economy that through force and misallocation produces wild spending and poverty .
I , Goodspaceguy , predict the prosperous future in space will come through orbital space colonization around our Spaceship Earth .
Let 's start with small habitats , perhaps privately owned by billionaires .
Let 's join small habitats together into orbiting , international villages as the cheapest places to learn how to live in space .
But on our Spaceship Earth , we have a mixed up economy .
We have unemployed people , homeless people , criminals , and poverty maintained by welfare ( a heavy burden for the workers . )
Free market economics can rehabilitate Spaceship Earth by transforming problem people into productive people within the labor force .
Worldwide we are struggling between Command Economies and Free Market Economies .
Profits grow jobs , but the minimum wage laws reduces profits , which decreases jobs .
The workers create the goods and services that make up the living standard .
Then tricky taxation takes from the workers and gives to the welfare recipients .
The workers are robbed .
The incentive to work is decreased .
The minimum wage of the Command Economy creates a stressful work atmosphere and decreases profits .
Jobs are lost .
Crime and poverty increase .
Let 's defend the incentive of profits that come from serving you , the consumer .
Study Free Market Economics !
Abolish the job destroying minimum wage !
CONTACT :
206-601-8172
goodspaceguy42@yahoo.com
colonizespace.blogspot.com
Greetings to my fellow passengers and crew members of Spaceship Earth on this Thursday of 2018 June 28 .
This is my 51st post on this blog .
I , Goodspaceguy , am again a candidate for the US Senate .
This is the 19th time I 'm running for political office .
Unfortunately , those elected to political office over the many years have n't carried out my up - lifting program of prosperity and joy , therefore I 'm running again .
My goal is to use Free Market Economics and Profit and a higher Technology to raise the living standard of the increasing percentage of workers on Spaceship Earth , and to get some of them and their descendants into the coming , orbital , privately - owned , space habitats around our Earth and into the Goldilocks zone around our star , the Sun .
In Earth orbit , our space colonists should learn how to live in space before we send humans out to orbit Mars .
( Let 's lower the cost of the coming Mars Mission . )
The entrepreneurial colonists should demonstrate how to live a sky - high quality of life and joy in the heavens above and around our Spaceship Earth .
2018 US Senate Biography , Statement , and Contact : Goodspaceguy : BIOGRAPHY : Elected Experience : I , freemarket Goodspaceguy , was electorally defeated 18 times .
( The poverty of the big spenders ' Command Economy continues ! )
Other Professional Experience : With my bachelor 's degree and master 's degree , I , small spending Goodspaceguy , invested and became prosperous .
Education : I , Goodspaceguy , Minnesota born , was university educated in Germany , Sweden , and America .
My education included business , profits , and economics .
( Free market economics guided by profit tells us how to raise the workers ' living standard .
Work builds prosperity . ) Community Service : I , freemarket Goodspaceguy , advocate against poverty caused by the Command Economy .
Let 's replace the job destroying minimum wage with individual free market wages so that jobs become easy to get .
STATEMENT : Please think of our world as a beautiful spaceship .
We are the passengers and crew members on Spaceship Earth .
We are traveling in space around our Sun while our Sun travels inside our Milky Way Galaxy .
But we are wasting too much money and allowing too much destruction on our planet .
Let 's stop the population explosion that is exterminating the wildlife wilderness .
Using voluntary , competitive , free market economics , let 's raise the living standard of the workers .
Let 's reject the voter supported Big Government Command Economy that through force and misallocation produces wild spending and poverty .
I , Goodspaceguy , predict the prosperous future in space will come through orbital space colonization around our Spaceship Earth .
Let 's start with small habitats , perhaps privately owned by billionaires .
Let 's join small habitats together into orbiting , international villages as the cheapest places to learn how to live in space .
But on our Spaceship Earth , we have a mixed up economy .
We have unemployed people , homeless people , criminals , and poverty maintained by welfare ( a heavy burden for the workers . )
Free market economics can rehabilitate Spaceship Earth by transforming problem people into productive people within the labor force .
Worldwide we are struggling between Command Economies and Free Market Economies .
Profits grow jobs , but the minimum wage laws reduces profits , which decreases jobs .
The workers create the goods and services that make up the living standard .
Then tricky taxation takes from the workers and gives to the welfare recipients .
The workers are robbed .
The incentive to work is decreased .
The minimum wage of the Command Economy creates a stressful work atmosphere and decreases profits .
Jobs are lost .
Crime and poverty increase .
Let 's defend the incentive of profits that come from serving you , the consumer .
Study Free Market Economics !
Abolish the job destroying minimum wage !
CONTACT:206-601-8172goodspaceguy42@yahoo.comcolonizespace.blogspot.com
Monday , February 05 , 2018
Small - Spending , Prosperous GoodSpaceGuy Defeated Electorally for the 18th Time !
Post Number 50
2018 February 5 . Updated February 6
In last year 's , 2017 King County Executive Primary Election , the voters in my race decided to overwhelmingly continue on the same big spending , Big Government , Command Economy Course that is producing so many homeless people .
What man -made misery !
So unnecessary !
Let 's move towards the freedom of the Market Economy .
In this 50th message , I , GoodSpaceGuy , am re-printing my suggested course of action as published in the August 1 , 2017 King County Primary Voters ' Pamphlet :
Only about 6 % of the voters in my race endorsed with their votes my program for raising the living standard , but I want to thank that 6 % who understand that the free market increases employment and thereby prosperity .
By getting more people working for you the consumers , we can raise the living standard .
We should declare the minimum wage , which interferes with the rights of problem people to negotiate their own wages , to be unconstitutional .!
GoodSpaceGuy , Candidate for the Office of King County Executive 2017 Voters ’ August 1 Primary Pamphlet
Education : University educated in Germany , Sweden , and America .
Earned Bachelor ’s and Master ’s Degrees with Economic minors
Occupation : Part owner : Boeing , Microsoft , PacCar , Disney , IRobot , Orbital , Southwest , etc .
Statement : Abolishing the minimum wage will create jobs , jobs , and more jobs and a fantastic future .
As usual , as a small spending / small tax , perennial candidate running against big spending / big tax perennial incumbents , I , GoodSpaceGuy , am advocating for a better orbital space program and a peoples ’ technological living standard that soars up into the sky .
We should allow the economy to create jobs for everyone who is willing to work .
We should move away from the hugely out - of - balance Command Economy and its destructive minimum wage .
We should move towards the voluntary , competitive , prosperity - producing Free Market Economy .
More jobs help produce solutions .
Jobs are solutions !
Stop killing jobs .
Also let ’s transform King County into a clean and beautiful parking paradise in which King County becomes a good home for many industries , including the space industry and the fantasy - of - film industry .
Problem people have difficulty finding , getting , and keeping jobs .
The job destroying minimum wages seem to say , “ Problem people , you may not work !
You will earn zero dollars per hour . ”
The minimum wage of the Command Economy forbids problem people working .
Bad things happen .
Employers refuse to hire problem people .
Homelessness , misery , begging , trash , and crime increase .
The homeless get wet and cold in the trashy , winter rain .
After we abolish the minimum wage , problem people can increase their earnings .
Work produces worker wealth and skill , an upward path .
As it becomes easier to get jobs , problem people can help make King County clean , beautiful , and great again .
Let ’s declare the job destroying minimum wage to be unconstitutional .
To decrease homelessness , begging , welfare , and crime , please defend the right of problem people to sell their faulty labor at their individual low market rates .
Elect GoodSpaceGuy as your next King County Executive .
Go Seahawks !
Go Mariners !
Post Number 502018 February 5 . Updated February 6
In last year 's , 2017 King County Executive Primary Election , the voters in my race decided to overwhelmingly continue on the same big spending , Big Government , Command Economy Course that is producing so many homeless people .
What man -made misery !
So unnecessary !
Let 's move towards the freedom of the Market Economy .
In this 50th message , I , GoodSpaceGuy , am re-printing my suggested course of action as published in the August 1 , 2017 King County Primary Voters ' Pamphlet :
Only about 6 % of the voters in my race endorsed with their votes my program for raising the living standard , but I want to thank that 6 % who understand that the free market increases employment and thereby prosperity .
By getting more people working for you the consumers , we can raise the living standard .
We should declare the minimum wage , which interferes with the rights of problem people to negotiate their own wages , to be unconstitutional .!
Monday , November 07 , 2016
Donald Trump and Goodspaceguy
Donald Trump and Goodspaceguy ,
2016 November 7 , Monday
Post Number 49
Being an optimist , I Goodspaceguy predict that tomorrow the voters in all 50 states will elect Donald Trump President of the United States .
He will win all 50 states .
I do not wish to believe that the voters of any state will instead vote for lies and crime .
With Trump as President , the high way to a great people 's prosperity will be open .
With Trump as President , it will become easier to work and build a people 's ' prosperity on Spaceship Earth .
( I prefer that we think of our Earth as a fabulous natural spaceship . )
Added comment :
2017 January 2 , Monday :
My Dear Fellow Travelers of Spaceship Earth ,
I , Goodspaceguy , was correct in my wishful prediction that Donald Trump would be elected President of the United States ,
But , unfortunately he was only elected by a majority of the voters in 30 of the 50 states .
In the remaining 20 states , a majority of the voters seemed to have endorsed lies , lies , and corruption .
When I made my wishful prediction , I was hoping that the voters in the lost 20 states would not endorse lies , lies , and corruption with their votes .
I now wish you - the glorious , remarkable people of our Spaceship Earth - a prosperous 2017 ,
But with increases in the job - destroying minimum wage ,
Poverty will continue among people - with - problems !
With not enough jobs , Crime will increase !
Please re-create the destroyed jobs by abolishing the minimum wage of the Command Economy !
Please support instead the prosperity - producing , voluntary , competitive Free - Market Economy .
The Free Market Economy produces prosperity .
The Command Economy produces poverty .
As Spock would say , " Live long and prosper . "
Sincerely ,
Goodspaceguy
Donald Trump and Goodspaceguy , 2016 November 7 , MondayPost Number 49 Being an optimist , I Goodspaceguy predict that tomorrow the voters in all 50 states will elect Donald Trump President of the United States .
He will win all 50 states .
I do not wish to believe that the voters of any state will instead vote for lies and crime .
With Trump as President , the high way to a great people 's prosperity will be open .
With Trump as President , it will become easier to work and build a people 's ' prosperity on Spaceship Earth .
( I prefer that we think of our Earth as a fabulous natural spaceship . )
Added comment :2017 January 2 , Monday : My Dear Fellow Travelers of Spaceship Earth , I , Goodspaceguy , was correct in my wishful prediction that Donald Trump would be elected President of the United States , But , unfortunately he was only elected by a majority of the voters in 30 of the 50 states .
In the remaining 20 states , a majority of the voters seemed to have endorsed lies , lies , and corruption .
When I made my wishful prediction , I was hoping that the voters in the lost 20 states would not endorse lies , lies , and corruption with their votes .
I now wish you - the glorious , remarkable people of our Spaceship Earth - a prosperous 2017 , But with increases in the job - destroying minimum wage , Poverty will continue among people - with - problems !
With not enough jobs , Crime will increase !
Please re-create the destroyed jobs by abolishing the minimum wage of the Command Economy !
Please support instead the prosperity - producing , voluntary , competitive Free - Market Economy .
The Free Market Economy produces prosperity .
The Command Economy produces poverty .
As Spock would say , " Live long and prosper .
" Sincerely , Goodspaceguy
Sunday , June 26 , 2016
Goodspaceguy , 2016 Washington State Gubernatorial Candidate for Prosperity
This is message # 48 from me Goodspaceguy on my blog Our Spaceship Earth
2016 June 26 ( I might revise this message from time - to - time . )
2016 June 29 , Wednesday :
To move towards small government , vote for the small spending
candidates .
Vote against the big spending candidates who build big intrusive government and subject the people to heavy taxation .
Gubernatorial candidate Goodspaceguy says that small government and a large private sector and the competitive free market produces the higher living standard .
Eleven 2016 candidates for Governor of Washington State is good competition !
Is the news media you follow reporting to you about these eleven candidates ?
It is also good that there are so many candidates ( 17 ) in the US Senate race from Washington State .
These primary election races end on Tuesday , August 2 , 2016 , just 34 days from now , June 29 .
2016 Voters ’PamphletBio&Statement4 Governor 2016 May 27 Goodspaceguy
BIO : Elected Experience : Goodspaceguy was elected to leadership in various fun , social organizations .
Other Professional Experience : Benefiting from do - it - yourself skills and shared - living , Minnesota - born , amateur economist and amateur investor Goodspaceguy has become prosperous .
Education : Being university educated in business , economics and other subjects in Germany , Sweden , and America , has given amateur linguist Goodspaceguy a worldview .
Community Service :
As we travel with our Mother Sun inside our Milky Way Galaxy , amateur astronomer Goodspaceguy thinks of our Earth as our “ Spaceship Earth . ” Former Boy Scout Goodspaceguy tries to improve our Spaceship Earth
Home in simple ways : like picking up litter and helping here and there .
Professional amateur Goodspaceguy is a Generalist .
STATEMENT : Thank you to my more than 55,000 friends who voted for me , Goodspaceguy , in 2015 .
In our democracy , we , the people , build our living standard .
We should now stop building the poverty - inducing welfare state , and we should resume building our competitive , free market .
How ?
Stop voting for the big spenders who become the big taxers and growers of enormous , stifling government that leads to high rents and high prices .
Instead , vote for the small spenders so that the competitive , free market segment of our economy can profitably grow and hire more producers .
Also , study economics , which tells us how to operate our prosperity , movie , and poetry producing free market .
Unemployed people should reclaim the right to sell their own labor at bargain rates .
Because the minimum wage prevents some people from getting work , abolish the minimum wage .
The minimum wage shrinks our exchange economy , destroys jobs , increases crime , and increases homelessness .
The minimum wage is a tool of force of the always - out - of - balance , evil command - economy .
Defend the right of even losers and slackers to enter the work force and raise the living standard by selling their labor at their low market value .
Low loser wages will allow even criminals to get legal jobs .
We need their help .
As losers work , many will learn and improve their skills and earning power .
They will help produce more and more goods and services … thus raising the living standard at lower , but profitable prices .
Let ’s turn losers and criminals and welfare recipients into productive workers .
Jobs reduce crime and panhandling .
Let ’s activate the power of the market place to turn losers and criminals into winners in a low cost , low stress , free - parking , Washington State of beautiful sky homes .
Let ’s build a free market Utopia .
Campaign phone number : 206-601-8172 Campaign email : goodspaceguy42@yahoo.com
Campaign website : www.colonizespace.blogspot.com
2016TVWPoetryStatement ( 5 minutes )
If you want to improve cars , study auto mechanics .
If you want to improve our living standard , study economics ,
And vote for the small spenders …
Not the big spenders .
Big government bad !
Small government good !
Let ’s build a full - employment … free market … utopia .
With profits , let ’s incentivize the competitive free market machine .
Through work , let ’s build up our living standard .
Let ’s explain and expand the competitive free market machine .
I , candidate Goodspaceguy , am trying to decrease poverty .
I , economist Goodspaceguy , am trying to increase prosperity .
I want us to build a full - employment … free market … utopia .
Let ’s expand the equilibrium , free market machine that produces utopia .
I love competitive capitalism .
Capitalism is the best .
Capitalism raises our living standard , Better than all the rest .
Better than the poverty of the incentive - killing welfarism , Better than the poverty of intrusive , gross governmental - ism .
Better than the use of force by socialism .
The competitive free market system is the best .
The competitive free market system is better than all the rest .
The free market system is better than crumbly communism .
The free market system is better than shoddy socialism .
The free market system is better than gross governmentalism .
The free market system is better than wormy welfarism .
I want jobs , jobs , jobs , and more jobs .
I want jobs for everyone .
I want jobs for your mothers .
I want jobs for your brothers .
At individual , supply and demand wages , everyone can work .
It is work … that raises the living standard .
Getting more people to work , Makes increasing production less hard .
Losses bad .
Profits good .
I want jobs for the homeless .
I want jobs for the panhandlers .
From the welfare rolls , I want workers .
To raise the living standard , let ’s turn welfarists into workers .
When supply through competition increases , prices can decrease .
When housing through competition increases , rents can decrease .
But when people raise the minimum wage , prices go up ,
And the exchange economy chokes and shrinks , chokes and shrinks .
Jobs are lost .
People say , “ At sky - high prices , I will not buy . ”
Jobs are lost at higher prices , and the exchange economy shrinks .
When the minimum wage increases , Crime also increases … because jobs decrease .
But when the cost of labor decreases , Crime also decreases … because jobs increase .
More jobs … less crime .
So many people forbidden to work by the minimum wage .
So many people turning to crime because of the minimum wage .
So many people made homeless by the minimum wage .
So much trash , too expensive to clean up … because of the minimum wage .
To raise our living standard , let ’s reject the Command Economy .
Let ’s abolish the job - destroying minimum wage .
Socialism uses the force of the Command Economy .
Let ’s abolish the crime - promoting , trash - promoting minimum wage .
If we expand competitive capitalism and change welfare into work - fare , Watch our state of Washington change into a giant economic faire .
Jobs will increase if we abolish the minimum wage .
Homelessness will decrease if we abolish the minimum wage .
Trash will decrease if we abolish the minimum wage .
Crime will decrease if we abolish the minimum wage .
Blessed be you , the brain - storming merri-makers
For you may become Washingtonian movie - makers .
By the sweat of your brows ,
You shall earn your bread .
By the sweat of your brains , You shall build your mansions .
Your life is your mansion .
Your life and your body were the start of your mansion .
In the heavens above there will be many mansions , Boeing - built to orbit Spaceship Earth and our Sun .
Let ’s not destroy Seattle ’s viaduct .
Let ’s park on it instead .
When we buy our gas , we also pay a tax .
If we start parking on Seattle ’s viaduct , Seattle moves ahead .
With more parking , we might relax to the max .
To raise our living standard , let us study economics , Which tells us how to build a full - employment , equilibrium utopia .
The competitive free market moves us towards equilibrium economics ,
But the command economy moves us towards waste and distopia .
Stop building the command economy ’s compulsory distopia .
Instead , let ’s build a full - employment , free market utopia .
Make individual , market - rate jobs … Washington ’s claim to fame .
Google Goodspaceguy .
Goodspaceguy is my name .
This is message # 48 from me Goodspaceguy on my blog Our Spaceship Earth2016 June 26 ( I might revise this message from time - to - time . ) 2016 June 29 , Wednesday :
To move towards small government , vote for the small spendingcandidates .
Vote against the big spending candidates who build big intrusive government and subject the people to heavy taxation .
Gubernatorial candidate Goodspaceguy says that small government and a large private sector and the competitive free market produces the higher living standard .
Eleven 2016 candidates for Governor of Washington State is good competition !
Is the news media you follow reporting to you about these eleven candidates ?
It is also good that there are so many candidates ( 17 ) in the US Senate race from Washington State .
These primary election races end on Tuesday , August 2 , 2016 , just 34 days from now , June 29 .
Saturday , July 18 , 2015
Goodspaceguy : Defend Small Business : Abolish the Minimum Wage
Goodspaceguy : Defend Small Business : Abolish the Minimum Wage
( Guten tag , Deutschland . )
This is message # 47 from me , Goodspaceguy , on my blog Our Spaceship Earth
2015 August 28 ( I might revise this from time - to - time . )
2014 October 30 : To see videos about candidate Goodspaceguy and his attempt
to raise the living standard into orbital space , go to the internet or
to YouTube and google Goodspaceguy .
There you can also see videos by people
who claim to be Goodspaceguy .
These other Goodspaceguys may have the goal
of discrediting Goodspaceguy .
Drew Atkins , editor at Crosscut Public Media , also recently released his elaborate
space interview with Goodspaceguy on Crosscut and on KCTS TV .
This amusing
interview has also made it to YouTube .
2015 October 27 : Goodspaceguy says , " Rent controls destroy the rental markets ! "
2015 October 19 , Monday : Yesterday I was informed that I , Goodspaceguy ,
have been endorsed by the 34th Legislative District Republican Party .
This is helpful for me because I have felt somewhat alone in my past attempts to
un -sabotage our competitive , free - market , capitalistic economy , that works to raise
the living standard .
Of all the economic systems that I know of , free - market , competitive , capitalism
seems to produce the best path to a higher living standard .
We should try to build a Spaceship Earth ( Planet Earth ) upon which people can
easily find and change work at their different market values .
Each different job
that a person gets is like a new classroom .
Property rights are the pathway
To prosperity for the people .
Goodspaceguy , 2015 September 5
Support Citizen Alliance for Property Rights .
The following statement is suppose to appear in the voters pamphlet for the election ending
on Tuesday , November 3 in King County , Washington State :
Port of Seattle Goodspaceguy : Defend Small Business : Abolish the Minimum Wage ( Guten tag , Deutschland . ) This is message # 47 from me , Goodspaceguy , on my blog Our Spaceship Earth2015 August 28 ( I might revise this from time - to - time . ) 2014 October 30 : To see videos about candidate Goodspaceguy and his attemptto raise the living standard into orbital space , go to the internet orto YouTube and google Goodspaceguy .
There you can also see videos by peoplewho claim to be Goodspaceguy .
These other Goodspaceguys may have the goalof discrediting Goodspaceguy .
Drew Atkins , editor at Crosscut Public Media , also recently released his elaboratespace interview with Goodspaceguy on Crosscut and on KCTS TV .
This amusinginterview has also made it to YouTube .2015 October 27 : Goodspaceguy says , " Rent controls destroy the rental markets !
" 2015 October 19 , Monday : Yesterday I was informed that I , Goodspaceguy , have been endorsed by the 34th Legislative District Republican Party .
This is helpful for me because I have felt somewhat alone in my past attempts toun - sabotage our competitive , free - market , capitalistic economy , that works to raisethe living standard .
Of all the economic systems that I know of , free - market , competitive , capitalismseems to produce the best path to a higher living standard .
We should try to build a Spaceship Earth ( Planet Earth ) upon which people caneasily find and change work at their different market values .
Each different jobthat a person gets is like a new classroom .
Property rights are the pathwayTo prosperity for the people .
Goodspaceguy , 2015 September 5 Support Citizen Alliance for Property Rights .
The following statement is suppose to appear in the voters pamphlet for the election endingon Tuesday , November 3 in King County , Washington State : Commissioner Position Number Two
Candidate Goodspaceguy Candidate Goodspaceguy
Contact information : 10219 Ninth Ave . So .
Seattle WA 98168 Seattle WA 98168
goodspaceguy42@yahoo.com
http://colonizespace.blogspot.com
Education : University educated in Germany , Sweden , and America , Goodspaceguy earned Bachelor ’s and Master ’s degrees ( economic minors . )
Occupation : Shared Corporate Owner Goodspaceguy : “ Unsabotage our shared , competitive , free market ! ”
Statement : Warning :
There are several people ( some brilliant ) who have been writing and producing under Goodspaceguy ’s name ( perhaps to cause him vote loss ? )
This is entirely unnecessary because Goodspaceguy can lose votes all by himself just by saying that the anti-free - market , minimum wage should be abolished so that less - productive , disadvantaged people can easily get work at their low market value .
( Note : Jobs educate !
Being forbidden to work by the minimum wage is terrible . )
You the people of King County own the Port of Seattle .
Why are you subsidizing this business through your property tax and through your rent ?
Are you getting a prosperous King County ?
No !
Goodspaceguy thinks you are getting a lower living standard .
Improving the economy by increasing jobs should be a goal of the port .
Make it easy for the long - term unemployed and the homeless and the many beggars to get jobs somewhere in our competitive economy ( where supply and demand sets prices . )
Unsabotage our economy .
Raise the people ’s living standard by increasing production .
To fix your car , hire auto mechanics .
To fix your economy , elect economists who understand business and the profit incentive .
At university , Goodspaceguy spent much time studying business and economics .
Because you have a super - duper high - cost port , Goodspaceguy believes cost control should be increased .
Investor Goodspaceguy , a small spender and a big saver , has become prosperous .
To increase business , Goodspaceguy hopes we will become willing to use business and economics principles to change from a high cost port to a low cost port !
To help Goodspaceguy raise the living standard , please study economics .
Read the news .
Listen to radio talk show hosts .
Discuss and defend capitalism .
Remember : when you vote for big spending candidates , you are voting to increase taxes and waste and wild , wild spending ( with millions to the terrible tunnel ? )
End of voters ' pamphlet statement .
2015 July 18 . ( Revised 2015 August 28 )
I plan to revise and add to this message from time to time .
Small business is said to create 80 % of the new jobs , so when small business is attacked , jobs decrease .
Many other candidates claim that they will increase jobs , but by supporting the minimum wage , they actually decrease jobs .
What are you getting for your taxes ?
I think you are getting a lower living standard .
My name is Goodspaceguy , the small business candidate , and you the people of King County are the owners of the Port of Seattle , which is a governmental business .
The port taxes you directly through your property tax or indirectly through your rent ( making your rent higher . )
What are you getting for your taxes ?
I think you are getting a lower living standard .
By taxing you , your port ’s goal might be to get you to subsidize and improve the Port so that employment will increase .
But because of the huge unemployment caused by the job - destroying minimum wage , your subsidy to the Port is more than cancelled out : so many people not working , so many homeless people .
The minimum wage forbids many less able people to work , which cannot be overcome by the taxes that you pay to the Port .
World economics teaches that the higher the minimum wage , the fewer the jobs .
To earn the minimum wage or higher , workers have to produce at the minimum wage level or higher .
Some do n’t and lose their jobs .
As the minimum wage goes up , the less able and the less responsible people usually lose their jobs or do n’t even get jobs .
It is wrong to use the minimum wage to forbid the less able to work .
When we abolish the minimum wage , jobs will increase and homelessness will decrease .
To increase jobs and raise the living standard in the wonderful , competitive , free market , we are suppose to set wages by supply and demand so let ’s abolish the job destroying , minimum wage laws .
I am also opposed to the restraint of trade that will be caused by the pending partial merger with the Port of Tacoma .
I , Goodspaceguy , say that work , wealth , and the competitive free market produce a higher living standard for the people than our current , sabotaged system .
Study world economics and stop forbidding people to work .
2015 ElectionBlog
47 is a continuation of a work in progress and will be revised from time - to - time .
2015 July 17 : This message # will be revised from time - to - time .
Goodspaceguy is one of three candidates for the position of Port of Seattle Commissioner , Position Two .
When the King County Primary Election ends Tuesday , August 4 , 2015 , one of the candidates will have been eliminated , and the surviving two candidates , who get the most votes , will continuing on to the General Election , ending Tuesday , November 3 , 2015 .
There is a lack of cost control at the Port of Seattle .
Thus the port is a high cost port , from which some customers flee , seeking the use of other ports .
The elected five member Commission should be a supervising watch group that acts to hold down costs .
Goodspaceguy wants to help change the port from a high - cost port into a low - cost port , which attracts users .
Goodspaceguy wants the Port of Tacoma and the Port of Seattle to continue competing with each other instead of engaging in a restraint - of - trade operation named the Northwest Seaport Alliance .
Competition promotes cost control , which should promote more business for both Tacoma and Seattle , helping to raise the living standard in both Pierce County and King County .
Competition gives you , the people choices .
Competition “ to the bottom ” actually raises the living standard of the people the most and helps to lower prices .
Competition helps produce a full employment economy , which is really , really good .
I , Goodspaceguy , want to make it easier for people to produce the good life for themselves : much , much better than the good life in Sweden .
2015 July 18 .
( Revised 2015 August 28 ) I plan to revise and add to this message from time to time .
Small business is said to create 80 % of the new jobs , so when small business is attacked , jobs decrease .
Many other candidates claim that they will increase jobs , but by supporting the minimum wage , they actually decrease jobs .
Tuesday , July 23 , 2013
Goodspaceguy : Sometimes Government Doesn't Work Well
An MRI and X - rays of Washington pitcher Stephen Strasburg 's right shoulder revealed inflammation but nothing more serious , the club said .
" No cuff damage .
No labral damage , so that 's good news " Nationals GM Mike Rizzo said .
It is unclear when Strasburg will make his next start .
Strasburg , 5 - 2 with a 2.32 ERA is a rookie season that is living up to its considerable hype , was pulled from Tuesday 's start when he had trouble getting his arm loose warming up in the bullpen .
( Details here ) .
Replacement starter Miguel Batista , a 39 - year - old journeyman , heard scattered boos from the sellout crowd at Nationals Park when he was announced as the starter , but pitched five scoreless innings in Washington 's 3 - 0 victory against Atlanta .
Batista said he understood the fans ' reaction .
" Imagine if you go there to see Miss Universe - and you end up having Miss Iowa , " he said .
By Mike Dodd
In 2010 Resident Evil Fan Films Released Patient Zero
In 2011 Resident Evil Fan Films released a brand new movie entitled Patient Zero .
The 10 minute movie was in production for over 18 months now .
It was created by Jerome Chagnon a film student at the Art Institutes of California San Francisco in Digital Film and Video Production who is a huge fan of the Resident Evil video games series .
This film was part of Jeromes senior project and was freely available online due to being a student project .
This was the official website for the film .
Content is from the site 's 2010 - 2011 archived pages as well as other outside sources .
Patient Zero
Albert Wesker
Published on Oct 26 , 2011
" A story with love , deception ... and zombies ! "
As Albert Wesker and William Birkin struggle to achieve the first bio-weapon for Umbrella , Ada Wong steps in and put her love life aside .
With Philippe Debaty , Joe Napoli Jr. , Jean Bay and Kabary Jackson .
Directed by Jerome Chagnon and produced by Ashley Doss .
About
As a film student at the Art Institutes of California San Francisco in Digital Film and Video Production , and as a huge fan of the Resident Evil video games series , I have decided to base my senior project on this universe .
Resident Evil is a videogame series created by the Japanese company Capcom in 1996 .
The games are about a pharmaceutical company , Umbrella , which creates zombies and bio-weapons trough viruses .
These monsters tend to escape on a regular basis , and create chaos and mayhem .
A special forces unit called " S.T.A.R.S. " and some of their relatives fight against Umbrella and its monstrous creations .
Capcom said in 2008 that they released worlwide a total of 34,500,000 copies of the games .
There are 4 Hollywood movies based on the Resident Evil franchise , one Japane full - CGI movie , two series of books ( English and Japanese ) , three series of comic books produced by Images Comics , and a lot of Chinese Mangas .
Resident Evil is famous and generate a lot of money .
Let 's make it clear right here : I am not going to sell my movies .
They are made as student projects and will be released for free on Internet .
Because I am a fan from the early days , I am working on movies based on the very first games back in 1996 and 1997 , Resident Evil 1 and Resident Evil 1.5 ( for more information on this game , check Bioflames in English or SurvivHorin French ) .
Jerome Chagnon
RELEASE DATE : HALLOWEEN 2010
We do n't know enough about Resident Evil 1.5 so it is almost impossible to make a good adaptation of the game - and I did n't really want to make guesses .
So I came with the idea that we know enough about the game to create a few scenes .
And a few scenes would be enough for a trailer .
The trailer will be between 30 seconds and 3 minutes long .
I have shoot so far 7 minutes of usable fhttps://web.archive.org/web/20110726230407/http://www.refanfilms.com:80/download.htmlootage
( not counting every takes for every scenes ) pided in 15 scenes .
I still need to shoot a little more , thought .
Then the editing process will start .
After I have a rough editing , I will get the music and sound design created and I will work on the visual effects .
Actually , 30 people have worked on this project , and I am really excited about it .
RELEASE DATE : JUNE 2011
The idea behind Patient Zero came during a talk with my friend Nabil Ayari .
He told me that he wanted to make a very short movie , based on the Resident Evil universe , and showing the creation of the first zombie - ergo , the title .
I suggested a few ideas and then , life quicked in as it often does and Nabil could n't shoot his movie due to personal problems .
A few months later , I asked him if I could take the title and the concept , but change the storyline .
He was all for it , and that 's how Patient Zero started .
The story will involve Albert Wesker and Ada Wong , in a short movie – between 8 and 12 minutes long .
I am using the same crew and most of the same actors I used for my RE1.5 trailer to make this project .
Shooting will start in July 2010 .
An aside :
I came to Resident Evil via the movies which are loosely based on the Capcom survival horror video game series .
The Resident Evil film series is the highest - grossing film series based on a video game , having grossed over $ 1.2 billion worldwide .
There are six films in all :
Resident Evil ( 2002 )
Resident Evil : Apocalypse ( 2004 )
Resident Evil : Extinction ( 2007 )
Resident Evil : Afterlife ( 2009 )
Resident Evil : Retribution ( 2012 )
Resident Evil : The Final Chapter ( 2016 )
The " Resident Evil " series follows the opposite trajectory of most enterprises :
It 's generally gotten better as it's gone along .
" The Final Chapter " links up to the original film so well you 'll almost believe it was the plan all along .
If this really is the final chapter , it 's a satisfying bookend .
Recently my teenage son has been doing research about Resident Evil , the Japanese horror media franchise created by Shinji Mikami and Tokuro Fujiwara and owned by the video game company Capcom .
Since I enjoyed the films , I have peeked at his paper as he has been writing it .
I 've learned a lot of interesting facts .
Taking place in a mansion overrun with zombies , the first Resident Evil video game was released in 1996 .
The franchise has grown to encompass numerous sequels of various genres , incorporating elements of action , exploration , and puzzle solving .
Resident Evil has been credited with popularizing survival horror games , as well as re-popularizing zombies in mainstream popular culture from the late 1990s onwards , leading to a renewed interest in zombie films during the 2000s .
Think :
The Walking Dead among numerous films and other TV shows .
Resident Evil turns out to be Capcom 's best - selling video game franchise , with 92 million units sold worldwide as of June 30 , 2019 .
Not surprising , the Resident Evil films are also the highest - grossing film series based on video games .
There have been numerous releases of the video game since 1996 .
Jump ahead to 2017 .
Resident Evil 7 : Biohazard is released .
Diverging from the more action - oriented Resident Evil 5 and Resident Evil 6 , Resident Evil 7 finally returns to the franchise 's survival horror roots with an emphasis on exploration .
The player controls Ethan Winters as he searches for his wife in a derelict plantation occupied by a cannibal family , solving puzzles and fighting enemies .
ALthough there was some criticisms aim at various aspects , as of December 2018 , the game has sold over six million copies worldwide .
My son and I play frequently - perhaps too frquently !
If you want to read about the convoluted story line check it out on Wikipedia .
My son and I relly get into the RE7 game .
Last weekend was no exception .
We must have been yelling or carrying on about some particular battle , which resulted in our dog to get over excited .
The dog knocked over our snacks and drinks onto antique rug in the livingroom resulting in a big mess and stain on the carpet .
Fortunately my wife was away on a business trip for a week .
We cleaned up as best we could that evening and the next morning I called Agara Rug Cleaning , an expert NYC rug cleaning service we have used for both rug cleaning and some restoration work on our numerous antique carpets .
I explained the problem and Haim came by that afternnon to pick up the rug .
I requested a fast turn around if possible .
I wanted the carpet back in place before my wife arrived home .
Agara came through and my wife never found out about the accident .
We now keep the food and snacks on a high side table so they can't get knocked over so easily .
Recently my son told me about this site .
He was very impressed by Jerome Chagnon 's film project .
Perhaps even inspired .
My son has been accepted at RISD , an art school in RI that has a well regarded video and film dept .
I wo n't be surprised if he too becomes motivated by the Resident Evil video franchise .
News
Patient Zero's BTS # 10
July 4 , 2011
One of the very last Behind The Scene video as we are getting close to the release of Patient Zero !
I know that it is still a few months away for you , faitful viewer , but it seems to be tomorrow to me ;-)
I can't believe I started this website a little more than one year ago ...
Time does fly !
So this BTS is about my friend Jamie Richard , a great film director , who was kind enough to check my script and rewrite it in good English .
As for the next update , it should be about music / B.O. Stay tuned !
Patient Zero's BTS # 09
June 4 , 2011
This Behind The Scene video is about my Lighting Director Joshua Watts .
He did a perfect job by giving me the dark and moody lights I wanted for Patient Zero !
We are near the end of our BTS videos and I hope you enjoyed them .
If you want to know what 's going on about Patient Zero post - production , check the blog , Facebook page and follow us on Twitter !
Patient Zero's BTS # 08
May 17 , 2011
A very special Behind The Scene video this time , with Elijah Collins , the man behind all the sounds related effects of Patient Zero .
We are in the post - production stage of Patient Zero and this video will reveal a few glimpses of the movie , with a tiny little spoiler !
It will also show you how ADR ( Automated Dialogue Replacement ) is done , months after the actual shooting and how actors need to be back " into " their character .
Patient Zero's BTS # 07
April 17 , 2011
Time for a new Behind The Scene video !
This one is about Vlad Korishev , the talented editor from Patient Zero .
Vlad is a very talented artist who also worked with me on the edit of the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer .
We are also working on other projects involving blood and evil , but that 's an other story ;-)
Second Teaser
March 30 , 2011
Here is the second teaser , which I nicknamed " Ada " - for obvious reasons , once you see it ;-)
I think there should be a third and last teaser in a few months .
A teaser , or a trailer .
Not sure which one yet .
Thanks for your support , you guys are great !
500 fans on Facebook , almost 400 on Twitter , this is amazing :-)
We are all really thanksfull for your support .
Keep spreading the word about REFF to your friends , and remember that if you want you can alsodonate - and get something back ;-)
Birthday & Convention & Contest
March 22 , 2011
Today is the 15th Anniversary of Resident Evil , so happy birthday to our favorite world of survival - horror !
I have just been told that The Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer and the firstPatient Zero teaser will be shown at the Anime Conji from San Diego , this Friday from 5.30 to 6.30 , thanks to Michael Young !
More info about the convention here .
That would be a great opportunity for you to win a free Patient Zero tshirt : take a picture of the screen when either of the 2 movies are displayed and send it to contact@jtchagnon.com with your information .
The best one will win a Tshirt and the picture will be posted in the website :-)
Patient Zero's BTS # 06
March 21 , 2011
We have our 500th fan on Facebook and as promised , here is the special zombie video !
Witness , in a 9 minutes long BTS video , how Kabari Jackson becomes John Clemens ( the infamous John from " Ada and John " in RE1 ;-) and a zombie .
9 minutes of interviews , make - up , greenscreen shooting and more !
Patient Zero's BTS # 05
March 19 , 2011
Fifth BTS with Joe Napoli Jr , as William Birkin .
You may be surprised by what he says about his character , as I have transformed it a little from the " regular " Resident Evil mythos .
Just 5 more fans in the Facebook page before you can discover the special BTS video - who said " zombies " ?
Send your friends to the page and make them like it !
Patient Zero's BTS # 04
March 6 , 2011
Fourth BTS where you 'll meet with Patient Zero's Director of Photography , Nico van den Berg - an extremly talented young man !
He will explain why he choose to shot the project with a Canon 7D camera .
On a side note , and as you may have already read in the blog or the Facebook page , I have decided to give myself more time and I have postponed the release of Patient Zero to September 2011 .
Just 8 more fans before you can discover the special BTS video - who said " zombies " ?
Send your friends to the page and make them like it !
Patient Zero's BTS # 03
February 12 , 2011
Third BTS where you will discover the actress behind Ada Wong , Jean Bai .
Valentine 's
Day is coming soon , so she will tell you about love or commitment .
Or not ;-)
I am also pleased to see that we will soon reach the 500th fan on our Facebook page .
A new BTS will be released specially when we 'll reach this amount !
Patient Zero's BTS # 02
February 2 , 2011
Second BTS with my " mighty producer " , Ashley Doss !
She will reveal a few unknown truths about the hard work of film making ;-)
I am also pleased to see that we will soon reach the 500th fan on our Facebook page .
A new BTS will be released specially when we 'll reach this amount !
Patient Zero's BTS # 01
January 16 , 2011
Here we are in 2011 , with the release of Patient Zero in just a few months .
As I did for the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer , there will be a few Behind The Scenes videos ( or " BTS " ) released before the movie itself .
More or less one per month .
There will be also a Trailer and the whole BO , all of them free of charge !
Of course , if you want to contribuate and support the project , there will be some extra gifts for you ;-)
For the whole list of Prizes and Donations , please look at the Donations page .
As soon as there will be enough of you with a " Patient Zero T - Shirt " , I will create a contest so you 'll be able to win more prizes !
Same goes with the amount of fans on Facebook and followers on Twitter .
2011 will be the " year of the prizes " ;-)
In the meantime , here is our first BTS for Patient Zero , featuring Philippe Debaty as Albert Wesker .
As usual , download it from our server or watch it from Youtube .
Post your comments on the Facebook page , in the blog or email them to me :-)
Patient Zero's Teaser !
December 31 , 2010
2010 has been a very challenging year , with the production of the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer .
We are very pleased , and thankful , for your support during this long year …
Making a movie is really not an easy thing !
But now , let ’s look to the future and Patient Zero .
The pre-production and production of this short feature has been successfully completed , and we are now working on the post - production .
The release date is still aiming somewhere in summer 2011 , around June .
There will be several behind the scene videos to be released , in the meantime .
And now , without further ado , have a look to your first glimpse at Patient Zero – you can either download it in HD from our server or watch it from Youtube .
The Patient Zero ’s crew whish you all a happy new year :-)
Free Music sample
December 16 , 2010
I have introduced you to Patient Zero's main music compositer Yasser Mohamedi in the previous last news .
Now it is time for you to have a better idea of his skills , and of Patient Zero 's musical choices , with one free sample to download .
Terribilis Est Locus
Iste is one work - in - progress track of what will become next year the " Patient Zero the Sound Files " album ( Terribilis Est Locus Iste is latin for " This location is scary " ) .
The track is available under the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial NoDerivs License ( CC - by - nc -nd ) , which means that you can download it and share it with whoever you want , but you can't sell it or remix it without asking the owner of the rights permission to do it .
Music , maestro !
November 28 , 2010
It is time now to talk about Patient Zero .
I have used the core members of my cast and crew to work on both the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer and Patient Zero .
The goal was for everybody to get used to work with each other during the Trailer , and be ready for the real deal , Patient Zero .
This worked fine , except for the music .
For the Trailer , I have used the music composed by Capcom 's own team - I just could n't imagine a RE1.5 project with a non-RE1.5 music !
So I needed some fresh and new talent for my lead composer .
I am really happy to say that I found this extremely talented musician named Yasser Mohamedi , who created a completly original score for Patient Zero , with the help of Kevin Martin , an other musician , and my sound designer / foley artist Elijah Collins .
You can check Yasser 's bio in the Cast and Crew page and discover his website here .
More about this talented artist , very soon !
6,000 views later
November 11 , 2010
Two weeks later the release of the Resident Evil 1.5
Trailer , I am really pleased by its reception among the fans : it has been seen 6,000 times so far ( and downloaded from my host 4,000 times ) and I have received lots of encouragements from fans worldwide .
Thank you guys , I really appreciate the thoughts :-)
The Trailer will make its debut in a Zombie Festival at Terror4fun , November 13th , in England .
Check their website for all the news .
If you can reach the festival , takes some pictures and send them to me , or post them to the Facebook page :-)
Before we move into Patient Zero , here is a last BTS video for the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer .
We had a lot of funs shooting it , and I wanted to share it with you ! :-)
Now , you should check either the Facebook page , the blog or our twits , to now exactly when we will start promoting Patient Zero .
THE RESIDENT EVIL 1.5 TRAILER
October 31 , 2010
Happy Halloween :-)
In september 2009 , I decided to use the Resident Evil universe for my senior project for college .
But before directing a short movie , I wanted to get my feet wet with a smaller project .
This is how I got the idea to make a trailer based on the mysterious Resident Evil 1.5 game .
One year later , the ( extremely short ) movie is completed , and I hope you 'll enjoy it :-)
Let me know what you think about it , either by email , on the blog , or on Facebook .
Thanks :-)
Thanks to a few international fans , the movie is available in various languages .
Go to the download page and grab the version subtitled in your own language !
And the future of refanfilms , you may ask ?
Well , there is this short movie called Patient Zero you will heard about very soon , but we are not yet completly done with the Resident Evil 1.5 trailer .
Come back in 2 weeks for - yeah , you know the drill now - a very last BTS video .
We had a lot of fun shooting this movie , and I wanted to share parts of it with you :-)
BEHIND THE SCENE #5
October 16 , 2010
Last BTS video before the real deal is released in two weeks !
You voted for it on the Facebook page , so here you got it : a sneak peek at how the zombies were created for the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer :-)
I have selected two extremely tall guys to act as my monsters so I had to ask them to sit down , so I can apply the make - up on them - yeah , I am kinda short myself ^^
BEHIND THE SCENE #4
October 1 , 2010
BTS video number four is ready to scares you with its horde of undeads !
Hmmm ... with lots of blood - thirsty creatures !
OK , OK , with two , yeah just two but extremely talented ZOMBIES !
I hope you 'll enjoy this short behind the scene video :-)
An other paragraph , an other subject : if you follow Resident Evil Fan Films on Facebook or Twitter , you know that a few days ago , we have send the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer 's texts to our mighty translators .
These guys are so good that half of them have already send their translations back !
A round of applause for them , please :-)
BEHIND THE SCENE #3
September 17 , 2010
The new BTS video will show you the RPD parking lot and Leon and Linda ;-)
This video is the last from the outside location shots , made during April .
Next video will be with our guest stars , the zombies !
Stay tuned :-)
BEHIND THE SCENE #2
September 3 , 2010
Here is the second behind the scene video ;-)
It seems that you liked the video with Leon and Marvin , thanks for the kind words :-)
This time , you will discover that " sunny California " can be a myth - at least , around San Francisco .
The day I choosed for my outdors scenes was horrible , with raining showers and a freezing weather !
Big thumb up for Michelle Mongue , for her professionalism .
She has been a real trooper that day , and a very nice actor to work with overall :-)
EVEN MORE TRANSLATIONS
August 28 , 2010
Japanese and Russian are the two last languages added to the list , thanks to a Sino - American couple for the first ( Cayla and Garrett ) , and a website for the other .
I never thought fans would be so interested in a project related to a canceled product !
Here is the list of the languages the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer will be translated :
- French , Spanish , Danish , Norwegian , Portuguese , Hungarian , Italian , Japanese and Russian .
Thanks a lot for your help and support !
It also seems that the Facebook page is finally taking of ... keep " liking " this page , please !
If each of you could get two or three of their friends or relatives to " like " the page , that would be great .
I have a dream , of 1,000 fans only for the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer ;)
BEHIND THE SCENE
August 21 , 2010
If you keep an eye on the Facebook page , the Twitter tweets and the blog , you know that the previous weeks have been busy !
Still , let 's recap for the ones who did n't check :
- The production of Patient Zero is done , yeah !
Now , let 's work a few months on the post - production , shall we ?
- More translations !
An italian fan ( Gracias , Daniele ) will translate the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer in Italian .
So far , this trailer will be translated into French , Spanish , Danish , Norwegian , Portuguese , Hungarian and Italian .
Did I say that you guys are amazing ?
Well , let me say it again , then : " You guys are amazing ! " .
Thanks a lot for your help and support .
- After working a lot with my editor on the behind the scene footages provided by Arthur Groneman , I am pleased to tell you that starting right now , and every two weeks until the release of the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer ( that 's Halloween 2010 ) , there will be a free behind the scene video for you to download .
Of course , donators already knew that ;-)
MORE TRANSLATIONS
July 12 , 2010
Guys , I can't say how much your enthusiasm with my projects makes me happy !
As the title says , there are indeed more fans willing to translate the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer :
The Brazilian fans from White Umbrella and Resident Evil Brasil are going to translate the video into Portuguese !
Then , we have the fans from Survivors Community who will translate into Hungarian !
Many thanks to all of you for your support !
The trailer will be translated from English into French , Spanish , Danish , Norwegian , Portuguese and Hungarian .
Now , I wo n't upload this page for a while , because I 'll be shooting Patient Zero , during at least 5 days ( the 3 next week - ends ) .
Keep an eye on the blog for details about this adventure :-)
But do n't forget to come back here , because I think that the next update of the main page , will be about a new video ... ;-)
RESIDENT EVIL FANS UNITED
July 4 , 2010
So many things happened since the last update , where to start ?
Let 's start first with one of my affiliate , Resident Evil Only .
One of their member offered to translate my Resident Evil 1.5 trailer in Danish .
An other affiliate , The Horror Is Alive , offered to translate the trailer in Norwegian .
Let 's recap : so far , the trailer will be translated from English into French , Spanish , Danish and Norwegian .
You want to translate it into your own language ?
Please drop me a line at contact @ refanfilms.com ( without the spaces ) so we can talk about the specifics .
Just know that I would * love * to have my trailer available for the biggest amount of people .
Resident Evil 1.5 , the sacrificied lamb , deserve the biggest exposure :-)
Then , there is the amount of followers on the Twitter account .
You guys amazed me !
I mean , seriously .
I went from my 20 classmates / relatives to 108 followers in two weeks !
And yeah , I know that these numbers may make some big internet - hostshot laugh but ...
I am not a big - hotshot - whatever so , " Thank you guys " .
Seriously , thank you :-)
Now , now if you could just register / become fans / " like " the Facebook page , I would really own you one .
You know , making a movie cost a lot .
Even if I can use the gear from my school , I still have to pay for the costumes and to feed the crew and actors , among other petty details i wo n't bother you with .
So the more people following me on Twitter or registering to the Facebook page , the easiest for me to find sponsors ;-)
Anyway , I am really pleased by the support of the Resident Evil community .
You guys are great , thanks for everything !
TRAILER'S TRANSLATION
June 22 , 2010
I have been really impressed by the amount of Resident Evil webmasters who want to be affiliate with my project .
Check them in my Affiliates page :-)
But the guys at Resident Evil Center surprised me to a new level when they offered to translate my Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer into Spanish .
So thanks to their hard work , all Spanish - speaking people will be able to understand the trailer , when it will be released for Halloween 2010 !
Thanks , guys :-)
Visit their website , in Spanish , here :
FIRST FESTIVAL
June 22 , 2010
The guys at Terror4fun have decided to use my Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer in their Zombies Film festival coming this November !
Thanks a lot guys :-)
Terror4fun is the " Gateway to Zombie and Horror Events " , and they organises zombie events in the UK and supports zombie film production across the globe .
Check them by cliking on the banner below :
FIRST TEASER
June 13 , 2010
To celebrate this opening , and reguarding the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer I am currently working on , here is the first teaser made after the production was completed .
GRAND OPENING
June 13 , 2010
Welcome to this website dedicaced to my Resident Evil fan made movies .
As a film student at the Art Institutes of California San Francisco in Digital Film and Video Production , and as a huge fan of the Resident Evil video games series , I have decided to base my senior project on this universe .
Because I am a fan from the early days , I am working on movies based on the very first games back in 1996 and 1997 , Resident Evil 1 and Resident Evil 1.5 ( for more information on this game , check Bioflames in English or SurvivHor in French ) .
The website is still young and in the coming weeks , new pages will be added .
I hope you 'll enjoy your visit and feel free to post your comments in the blog or by email ( my address is located at the bottom of this page ) .
Cast & Crew
I have been truly blessed in the creation of these two movies , because I have found extremely talented people willing to follow me in this journey .
Please , check their blog and website to discover these amazing individuals .
Cast : Philippe Debatty , Jean Bai , Kabari Jackson , Joe Napoli , Michelle Mongue , Jewelin Lefler , Parker Aylesworth and Brett Chatelain
Crew : Jerome Chagnon , Ashley Doss , Nico Van Den Berg , Dakota Nicolucci , Joshua Watts , Jaena Sta. Ana , Vlad Korishev , Arthur Groneman , Mert Ozer , Elijah Collins , Emily Schrader , Sarah Baker .
Friends :
Find here all the people who helped these movies to be done .
Thanks a lot for their help and support !
The Cast
Philippe Debatty Jean Bai Lead for Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer
( Leon Kennedy )
Albert Wesker in Patient Zero Lead for Patient Zero
( Ada Wong )
Linda in the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer Philippe Debaty was born and raised in the French Alps and moved to California in 2009 .
He trained as an actor at the San Francisco School of Digital Filmmaking and is an ongoing acting student at the Shari Carlson Studio .
He has played in over 20 film or television productions .
Recently , he played the lead role in short film Dark Desert Highway , which won the best production design award at the Epidemic Film Festival .
Last year his performance as lead in short film The Audition received a nomination for best acting at the 7 day film festival .
He is currently performing as lead actor on a feature film in production , Challenger , scheduled to hit the festival circuit in early 2011 .
www.philippedebaty.com/
Jean Bai has completed a theater minor at UCLA and is currently residing in San Francisco pursuing her dream of acting .
As a Mathematics / Economics major at UCLA , she explored various aspects of the film business with internships in Entertainment Marketing and Film Production .
However , her main focus of performance beckoned and she began auditioning and taking acting classes more intensively .
Recently , she has worked on student short films , such as 7 Minutes to Midnight in which she played lead , Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer , and FedEX Spec Commercial as well as commercial jobs for Symantec Corporation and Cisco Systems .
Kabari Jackson Joe Napoli Marvin Branagh in
Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer
John Clemens in Patient Zero William Birkin in Patient Zero Kabari Jackson has appeared in various short films such as Vacation Bible School , My Generations War , Blink and many other films .
He also appeared in several commercials for companies like JJ ’s Fish and Holly Grill .
Kabari started his career as a stage actor staring in plays such as , Lucasville Five and Confessions .
He studied film at the Academy Of Arts University in San Francisco for four years .
Now this talented , young actor wants to share his gift to the world .
Kabari lives in Pleasanton California where he works as a stage and film actor .
His most recent acknowledgement was an award at the Epidemic Film Festival for his commercial , Holly Grill .
In his free time Kabari Jackson enjoys fishing , church , and spending time with his family .
If you would like to contact Kabari or view his resume go to www.sfcasting.com/kabarijackson.
Joe Napoli Jr. graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara in 1997 with a degree in theatre arts .
He was a writer for the Johnny Cats sketch comedy group for one season .
One of Joe 's great contributions to the film was his criticism of the script originally calling for William to wear round eye glasses in his introductory scene .
The producers originally thought that this would make him seem more complacent making his surprise aggressiveness more impactful because it would have been more of a shock - a mild mannered guy suddenly becoming more manic .
But once we saw the tests , Joe suggested we lose the glasses , or at least use a different shape .
Everyone agreed and we went with no glasses at all .
Interesting how a small detail like round glasses could influence how a character is perceived .
Thanks ,
Joe , for speaking your mind - everyone who saw the scene in the first video take agreed .
Round is a friendly shape and glasses in general hide your eyeballs !
Joe is currently a company member with the Actors Theater of San Francisco and he has performed comedy in several venues in Southern California .
You can contact Joe at nspacebug@netzero.com
Parker Aylesworth Brett Chatelain Zombie in Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer Zombie in Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer Parker is a young filmmaker from the eastern sierra in California ’s high desert .
Growing up in an area that was greatly used as locations for most western movies , transformers , tremors etc .
He was stunned by the filmmaking industry .
He moved to San Francisco and started working in early 2007 as a PA .
Since moving to San Francisco , Parker has worked on two feature films including ALL ABOUT EVIL and Stitch in Time , and many student films such as ; Skatehouse , Rinse , Hitmen , Frank Coruso PI and is currently in production on Decomposing Wayne .
Blog : parkeraylesworth.wordpress.com / rett Chatelain , born and raised in Southern California and now Nevada resident is an aspiring filmmaker at the Art Institute of California - San Francisco .
He has held a wide variety of jobs on set because he loves it all and wants to get as much experience as he can from as many different positions as possible .
He continues to develop as a filmmaker and loves the filmmaking processes .
Brett ’s duties have included acting , and he has stepped into the spotlight on numerous occasions .
Brett has gotten recognition for winning the non-profit commercial challenge , and will continue to develop as a filmmaker till he graduates next year .
Contact:crazyatyate@hotmail.com
The Crew
Jerome Chagnon Ashley Doss Director , Visual Effects Producer Jerome Chagnon started his career as a Director of Photography on feature films in 2008 with Christina , Wrath of Khaos , Temptations and Halloween 2009 .
He ’s focus is more on being a Motion Graphist artist , a Composer and a Colorist , as he did on S.T.A.R.S. , Dick Frisco Paranormal Investigator , Red Moon , and numerous MacBreak Studio and tutorials for Salesforce.com .
In 2010 , Jerome put a team together to direct two movies based on Resident Evil : a 3 minutes trailer called Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer and a 10 minutes short called Patient Zero , where he ’ll do also the composing , green screening and color correcting .
Website : www.jtchagnon.com
Contact : contact@refanfilms.com
“ Filmmaking is about creating a world of illusion and imagination through a series of moving images . ”
With that said Ashley focuses her efforts on producing and creating short content with other filmmakers that focus on the character and the story , in the realm of narrative , documentary , promotional video , and commercials .
“ I like to help the directors and / or writers create their story , sometimes from the ground up . ”
Ashley was the Producer for Wrath of Khaos ( 2009 ) and Resident Evil Trailer 1.5 ( 2010 ) .
She is currently in pre production for the short film entitled , Death Prophet .
In 2009 she was curator for the Virgins and Rejects Film Festival .
Also was a Videographer for varies panels and Q&A sessions for the 2009 San Francisco International Film Festival .
Currently she is earning a Bachelor of Science degree in Digital Film and Video Production at the Art Institute of California - San Francisco .
Contact : Ashley_dss@yahoo.com
Nico Van Den Berg Dakota Nicolucci Director of Photography Camera Assistant Originally born in Baltimore , Maryland , Nico started off as a skateboard photographer for local publications .
Recognizing a passion for film and video , he moved on to skateboard videography .
After finishing his high school studies , Nico moved to California to pursue a career in the film industry , studying Digital Film & Video Production at the Art Institute of California – San Francisco .
He is molding himself into a young filmmaker , focusing his attention on becoming a cinematographer and Director of Photography .
Work ranges from Short & Feature length narrative films to Documentary and Experimental pieces .
Nico van den Berg along with fellow friends has created a startup production company called “ Kwality Media , ” assuming the role as Technical Director .
Website:www.nicotvandenberg.com
Email:nicotvandenberg@gmail.com
Dakota has grown up loving film from a young age .
From watching movies with his family he learned to appreciate film as an art form .
He first started acting in a small theatre troupe in kids shows written by friends .
Now he is a current student at the Art Institute of San Francisco studying filmmaking and is pursing a career in the medium making films with friends and colleagues at school .
He ’s been apart of many projects in different roles from Assistant Camera , Gaffer , Assistant Director , Director of Photography , to Producer .
He feels very comfortable in whatever role he ’s in and is excited to get the opportunity to hone his craft from all those different perspectives .
He is excited to take his theatre acting background and bring that to the table in the films he creates .
Blog : dwolffnicolucci.wordpress.com /
Josuah Watts Jaena Sta. Ana Gaffer Producer Assistant , Director Assistant Joshua Watts is an aspiring filmmaker , focusing on writing and directing .
Originally from Vallejo , Ca. Joshua now lives in San Francisco where he attends school at The Art Institute of California - San Francisco .
While at school Joshua has worked on numerous projects for narrative and documentary .
Since the start of 2010 Joshua has worked on a television special Bay Appétit , for the first show Josh provided the graphics for the program , for the third and final episode Joshua produced the program .
Also he wrote , lighted and acted in Behind the Screen a short narrative film that pays homage to monster films of the past .
When Joshua is not working on a film he can be found staying active .
An avid snowboarder ( he started at the age of 8 ) he loves the thrill he receives from the sport .
However , Josh can always be found writing scripts as he loves to do so .
No matter what happens in Josh ’s life he tries to stay with the motto his mother told him “ positive thoughts produce positive results ” , so far this has served Josh well as he is following his dream of becoming a filmmaker .
Website : joshowatts.wordpress.com /
Jaena Sta .
Ana was born in the Philippines and moved to the United States when she was three years old .
She moved from Southern California to San Francisco in 2008 to further her studies for film and television production .
Her goals are to work as a producer on short and feature films , as well as to produce television shows .
She is attending the Art Institute of California San Francisco as a Digital Film and Video Production Major .
There she has worked on various projects from a food variety show , psa commercials , short films , etc .
She just finished producing a short film titled Behind the Screen , and is now currently producing the short film , Decomposing Wayne .
Website : jaenastaana.wordpress.com
Vlad Korishev Arthur Groneman Editor
Set photographer Vlad emigrated to the U.S. from the Ukraine at a very young age , but the influence of Eastern European film on him was profound .
He has worked on numerous projects within a myriad of genres , but he is still grounded in the experimental vein of classic Eastern European cinema .
Vlad began his film career working as an actor , but he found his true calling behind the camera ; discovering a love for cinematography .
Vlad created an experimental thriller , Koltzo , which aired at the Delancey Street Film Festival , as well as his follow - up , Kakat .
He was also assistant director and editor of the Art Institute of California - San Francisco ’s 48 - hour film competition winner , When the Bough Breaks .
He is currently working in post - production on a narrative short which portrays a father who throws away everything to avenge the death of his daughter , and is beginning production on The Mirror ’s Truth , a short thriller about a possessed mirror which begins to drain its owner ’s soul .
Website : vk373.aisites.com /
Arthur Groneman has a multi-dimensional educational background with degrees in Social Sciences and Liberal Arts , capped with a Bachelor ’s in Finance from CSU - Sacramento .
With a diverse knowledge in many fields of study , Arthur passionate about the Arts and Creativity , chose to pursue a career in Motion Pictures starting by attending the Art Institute of California - SF for a year as a Digital Film and Video Production major and moving on to the graduate program for Motion Pictures and Directing at the Academy of Art in San Francisco .
Amongst Arthur ’s earlier work in creative writing for the Entertainment Industry are writing for The San Francisco Noisepop Music Festival , TheBayBridged.com , and the MetroSpirit Independent Weekly .
Intensely involved in his studies in Motion Pictures he has enjoyed and would like to continue work as a Set Photographer and Behind the Scenes Cinematographer .
He has worked on set for the feature Wrath of Khaos and the Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer .
Website : www.youtube.com/vacuitydub
Blog : 111video
Mert Ozer Elijah Collins Boom Operator Mix Engineer Born in Istanbul , Mert grew up listening to electronic music .
In 1999 , he moved to sunny Orlando , Florida and started producing dance tracks for clubs .
He broke into the scene quickly and became resident DJ in several night clubs and music festivals .
Building on his success , he decided to move to The Bay Area , in California to continue his education and to make music his career .
He is going into his final year in Audio Production at Art Institute of San Francisco and expanding his repertoire with several projects such as recording local bands ( The Electrosonic Chamber , Mariachi Mi Linda Terra ) and sound design for movies ( Halls of Growing Perceptions - Sundance Film Festival ) .
Elijah Collins is a young mix engineer at the Art Institute of California - San Francisco .
Before graduating high school he took music class so that he would be able to produces his own music , and score for movies as well .
After graduating in 2008 he decided to go to California for audio production .
In fall of 2008 Elijah Collins moved to California to attend the Art Institute of California - San Francisco .
While attending this school he choose Audio Production has his major .
As of today he has worked on such films as Wrath of Khaos by Mykel McGoy , Mesa Son by Aquavis Warfield , and is in pre-production for some future films as well .
Emily Schrader Sarah Baker Mix Engineer Costumes Design Emily Schrader is a student at the Art Institute of California - San Francisco .
During senior year of high school Emily was part of the crew for her high school TV show .
She put short videos together from footage that was given to her or filmed herself .
She also used these talents to make a longer video and an animated short for class projects .
After graduation Emily Schrader moved to attend the Art Institute of California - San Francisco .
She decided to become an audio projection major .
As of today she is in pre-production for a film Sarah Baker has been sewing since the age of 13 , and studying art since the age of 9 .
Her aspirations as a fashion designer are to work as a tailor for luxury menswear , however she is interested in all facets of the fashion industry and often likes to participate in costume design for plays and movies .
Some recent work includes Jerome Chagnon ’s Resident Evil 1.5 Trailer ( 2010 ) , John Lai’s Le Chapelier Fou ( 2009 ) , and Billy Clift ’s Baby Jane ? ( 2009 ) .
Other designs have been for fashion shows such as Fashionista Extravaganza 2008 and Anima / Animus : the Androgynous Fashion Show ( 2009 ) .
REFanFilms.com
Contrary to the popular cliché , " Not tonight , I have a headache , " new research suggests that not all headache sufferers avoid sexual activity .
In fact , migraine sufferers reported higher levels of sexual desire than those with other types of headaches , according to researchers from Wake Forest University School of Medicine and colleagues .
" Our study suggests that sexual desire and migraine headaches may be influenced by the same brain chemical , " said Timothy Houle , Ph.D. , lead author and research assistant professor of anesthesiology .
" The results support the idea that migraine , as a syndrome , is associated with other common phenomena .
Understanding of this link will help us to better understand the nature of migraine and perhaps lead to improved treatment . "
The research , involving 68 young adults from Chicago , will appear in an upcoming issue of Headache , published by the American Headache Society , and already is available on line .
The objective of the study was to examine the relationship between migraine headache and self - reported sexual desire .
There is evidence of a complex relationship between sexual activity and headache .
Both sexual desire and migraine headache have been linked to levels of serotonin , a brain chemical that also plays a role in depression .
An excess of serotonin may be associated with decreased libido , and migraine sufferers are reported to have low system levels of the brain chemical .
Serotonin has also been found to play a role in migraine attacks .
" Considering the circumstantial evidence linking both migraine and sexual desire to serotonin , we wanted to explore whether the two phenomena are actually related , " said Houle .
The researchers hypothesized that abnormalities in the serotonin systems of migraine sufferers may influence their sexual desire .
Because high levels of serotonin are associated with low sexual desire , and migraine sufferers have low levels of the chemical , it was predicted that they would report higher levels of sex drive .
The study involved 68 participants who reported having at least 10 headaches a year .
Their mean age was 24 years .
Participants underwent interviews to diagnose their headache type -- either migraine or tension -- and filled out a 14 - item questionnaire to measure sexual desire .
advertisement
Males reported levels of sexual desire that were 24 percent higher than females .
Migraine sufferers reported levels of sexual desire that were 20 percent higher than those suffering from tension headaches .
Females with migraines had levels of sexual desire similar to males who had tension headaches .
" The study demonstrated that migraine patients in general may experience higher levels of sexual desire than others , " said Houle .
" They appeared to be aware of this , rating their sex drive as being higher than others their age and gender . "
He said the results suggest that a serotonin link may be implicated in both migraine headaches and sexual desire .
" This opens the door to consider other phenomena that have a similar neurochemical basis , " he said .
For example , there is an increased prevalence of depression in people with migraine , which is also theorized to be modulated by serotonin .
Houle said future research should focus on whether a cluster of migraine characteristics or symptoms can serve as markers of an altered serotonin system .
Although the current study was not able to address whether the link may apply to middle - age or older adults with migraines , Houle said the finding appears to be quite general and is likely to be found in older patients as well .
Co-researchers were Lara K. Dhingra , Ph.D. , from Memorial Sloan- Kettering Cancer Center , Thomas A. Remble , M.A. , from Rush University Medical Center , Lori A. Rokicki , Ph.D. , in private practice in Toledo , Ohio , and Donald B. Penzien , Ph.D. , from the University of Mississippi Medical Center .
July 1 , 2010 - TF2 Team
The item system in Team Fortress 2 generates a ton of data .
Up to this point we 've provided access to this data through some hacked - together scripts that , frankly , were old and creaky before they went live .
Ah , but now ...
Pow !
Shiny new web APIs that are officially supported .
( Find out how to use them here . )
This new system comes with a few new features :
Output can now be provided as JSON , XML , or VDF ( Key Values )
The current item schema is available as an API call , so you do n't have to dig items_game .
txt out of a patched client
It is much easier for us to add new APIs with the new system , so it should happen more often
For now , the old system will continue to run , and all applications built on it will continue to work .
A word of warning , though :
At some point down the road we will turn it off .
So if you 're using it , please give the new Steam Web APIs a try .
With grand buildings , subtropical climate and scenic location amid the forested hillsides of Georgia ’s Black Sea coast , the resort city of Gagra was once known as the “ Russian Riviera . ”
At the turn of the 20th century , it was a getaway for wealthy tourists , anchored by a luxury hotel owned by aristocrat Duke Peter of Oldenburg .
The duke built an opulent palace for himself nearby .
It is widely claimed that , shortly after the Soviet triumph , Lenin personally gave the order to convert this haven of the rich into a paradise for the proletariat .
In the 70 years that followed , Gagra was to the USSR what Hawaii was to the United States , an exotic foreign kingdom located within its borders — all the sunshine you can handle and no need for a phrasebook .
Yet , almost immediately after the collapse of communism , this former playground of Czarists and lucky Soviet citizens became the scene of open combat and ethnic cleansing .
Significant sections of the city were abandoned after the conflict came to an end in 1993 , and since then have crumbled into an eerie ruin .
Russian photographer Oleg Slesarev visited Gagra to document the area ’s scenic beauty , and to take a firsthand look at what remained of a place that had captured the imaginations of his parents and grandparents .
While some inhabitants have returned and renovations have begun , Slesarev ’s photos show a once - opulent paradise overrun by nature and and beset by decay .
Top photo : A gutted shopping mall overlooks the entrance to Gagra .
Bottom photo : Ruins of Zhoekvara Hotel in Old Gagra .
Gagra is split into two districts , Old and New , which are divided by the river Tsiherva .
The city sits at the northern tip of Abkhazia , formerly a part of the Soviet Republic of Georgia .
Abkhazia was home to large numbers of ethnic Georgians , who fought to keep Abkhazia within the Georgian state .
The ethnic group native to the region , the Abkhazians , rebelled against Georgian rule after the fall of communism .
They demanded autonomy , and later independence , from the Georgia government .
In the summer and early fall of 1992 , Gagra was the site of the largest battle in the war , with multiple offensives by both Georgian and Abkhazian troops and militias .
Fighting raged in Old Gagra , wrecking the city ’s storied resorts .
Abkhazian forces , backed by the Russian military , eventually gained the upper hand , a decisive moment in the conflict , which ended in the retreat of Georgian troops not only from Gagra but the whole of Abkhazia .
As the Abkhazian military closed in , the Georgian population of Gagra fled en masse , fearing reprisals by the invading army .
According to photographer Oleg Slesarev , both New and Old Gagra are now “ more alive than deserted , ” as the Abkhazian population has returned .
A few of the more modern resorts near Old Gagra have been revived , particularly those located directly on the beach .
Slesarev reports that they have a poor “ price / quality ” ratio and attract a fraction of the tourists who flocked there in the past .
The grand resorts of years past have gone to seed .
The center of New Gagra is dominated by bleak highrises built in the Soviet era , about half of which are occupied , according to Slesarev .
Above : A gondola cabin hangs abandoned on the Park - to - Spa line .
The gondola line once carried visitors from Primorskiy ( Maritime ) Park to the nearby Skala Health Resort .
When it was operational , the gondola line had two cabins , the yellow one pictured above , and a red one that was blown up .
When the shooting stopped in 1993 , Abkhaz forces had pushed out the Georgian military and declared Abkhazia a sovereign country .
Human Rights
Watch documented a large number of atrocities , including ethnic cleansing , perpetrated by both sides during the war .
Above :
The bone - dry Three Graces Fountain stands in the pavilion in front of the mall .
According to a Soviet - era guidebook , “ Gagra is one of the most beautiful resorts on the Black Sea coast .
Pressed against the sea by a mountain ridge , it stretches along the beach of a mirror - like bay .
Protected by mountains from cold continental winds and at the same time opening onto the warm sea , Gagra is one of the best places for relaxation in Soviet Union . ”
The pastel colors and high ceilings inside the Gagra Cinema are reminiscent of pre-Castro Cuba , and are a reminder that Gagra was a tropical destination for Russian visitors .
Some parts of the Cinema ’s interior are surprisingly intact , including the center of its stucco ceiling .
The exterior of the Gagra Cinema .
In the first years of the 20th century , Duke Peter of Oldenburg , a Russian aristocrat , built a palace ( above ) and a hotel in Gagra , and put Gagra on the map as a holiday destination for the wealthy .
Both buildings were designed in art nouveau style , though many of the finishing touches have since disappeared from the dilapidated edifice .
The Soviet government nationalized the palace built by Duke Peter and converted it into the Hotel Chaika ( Seagull ) , which maintained the air of an aristocratic refuge .
However , during the war between the Abkhaz and Georgians , the Chaika was looted and has never been repaired .
The office of Duke Peter of Oldenburg looks out over the sea .
The Abaata Station was named for a fortress built in Gagra more than 1,000 years ago .
A small section of the fortress ’ wall is still standing near the Zhoekvara Hotel ( shown on page 1 ) .
The area has been inhabited since ancient times , starting as the Greek colony of Triglite .
Interior of the Gagripsh Station , another of the city ’s abandoned railroad depots .
One of the walkways of the Gagripsh Station .
The Zhoekvarskoye Ravine is a 15 - minute walk from Old Gagra .
Its shady groves are a good place to cool off during the noonday heat .
Visitors to Gagra can climb the mountains on foot trails or on horseback , and quickly reach the low waterfalls of the Zhoekvara River .
According to a Russian tourism company , “ Old Gagra features the chic building of Gagripsh Restaurant with the clock ( early 20th century ) .
It was there that the opening of the resort was pompously celebrated by the Emperor ’s family on January 9 , 1903 . ”
Photographer Slesarev says the building was bought by the Duke of Oldenburg in Paris , disassembled and then shipped to Gagra .
Originally , he says , a hotel that had been transported from Norway was located on the same property , but by the late 1980s it was falling apart and was subsequently demolished .
The restaurant ( above ) is still operating , but according to the photographer , the food is terrible .
Sitting below the unappetizing Gagripsh is the pre-Soviet Primorskiy ( Maritime ) Park , still maintained but “ slightly neglected , ” says Slesarev , with “ overgrown slime in the ponds . ”
Currently , only Russia , Nicaragua , Venezuela and the tiny island nation of Nauru have recognized Abkhazia as an independent state .
According to news reports , Nauru , a country known for exporting phosphate harvested from bird droppings , bartered its recognition of Abkhazia for $ 50 million in Russian financial aid .
Gagra ’s future is far from certain .
Investment is scarce and not likely to pick up in the near future , given the limited resources of the Abkhaz government and unease in the private sector about the volatile politics of the region .
However , some of the resorts continue to operate near the balmy coastline and verdant mountains , an entrance to a lost city .
For those who grew up in Soviet era , Gagra was a precious refuge of pleasure inside communism ’s bleak expanse .
Now its ruins are a memento mori of poetic deterioration .
Above : View from the balcony of the palace of Duke Peter of Oldenburg .
Above : Exterior of the palace balconies .
Angesichts des langsam , aber sicher zur Neige gehenden IPv4 - Adresspools verfällt offenbar eine Reihe von Kabelnetzbetreibern in den USA zunehmend in Panik .
Beim 78 .
Treffen der Internet Engineering Task Force richtete Jason Weil vom US - Kabelnetzanbieter Cox Communications die dringende Bitte an die Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) , den Netzbetreibern noch einmal einen /8 - Block an IPv4 - Adressen zu zuteilen , damit sie Kunden mit IPv4 - Hardware in den kommenden Jahren entsprechend bedienen können .
Irgendwann Mitte nächsten Jahres ist es so weit : die IANA wird die letzten IPv4 - Adressblöcke aus dem freien Pool vergeben .
Der Umstieg auf IP v6 sei zwar von der Mehrheit der Netzbetreiber bereits in Angriff genommen oder wenigstens geplant , schreibt Weil in seinem in einen Internet Draft eingekleideten " Bettelbrief " .
Doch in großen Netzen dauere der Übergang mehrere Jahre .
Um die bei den Kunden stehenden , meist nicht IPv6 - fähigen Heim - Router mit IPv4 - Adressen versorgen zu können und via Dual - Stack - Konzept ans IPv4 / IPv6 - Internet anzuschließen , sei man auf einen zusammenhängenden , großen Block privater IPv4 - Adressen angewiesen .
Diese sollen dann alle Betreiber , auch Mobilfunkbetreiber gleichermaßen nutzen , da sie nur innerhalb der Netze der Anbieter , aber nicht global geroutet werden .
" Bei uns werden die IPv4 - Adressen knapp , bei einigen Unternehmen ist der Vorrat an privaten Adressen sogar aufgebraucht . " , sagte Weil in Maastricht .
Vertreter von AT&T und Warner Cable sekundierten Weil in Maastricht : Der Vorschlag sei gut und werde von ihnen unterstützt .
Routing - Experten schüttelten dagegen halb erstaunt , halb belustigt den Kopf .
Erstens gebe es eigens für solche Zwecke reservierten Adressraum , erinnerte Hans - Peter Dittler von der Karlsruher Braintec Consult .
Wenn der knapp werde , weil Netzanbieter jedem Kunden drei oder vier IP - Adressen ( für Telefonie , Fernsehen , Internet ) vergeben wollten , bleibe es immer noch die Möglichkeit , den Bedarf aus mehreren , dafür vorgesehenen Einzelblöcken zu decken .
Auch wenn dies etwas mehr Arbeit mache .
Rüdiger Volk von der Deutschen Telekom AG ( DTAG ) sagte abwehrend , ähnliche Vorschläge gebe es schon länger .
Der jüngste Vorstoß komme nun doch etwas spät .
Bei der DTAG hat man offenbar besser vorgesorgt .
" Wenig Aussicht auf Erfolg " , lautet die generelle Reaktion auf den Vorschlag .
Bei den Regionalen Internet Registries ( RIR ) wäre es eine Neuregelung .
Diese global zu erwirken , dauere viel zu lange , erläuterte Daniel Karrenberg , Chefwissenschaftler beim RIPE NCC .
Bis dahin seien die letzten / 8 - Blöcke vergeben .
Wollen die Unternehmen am Ende Zugriff auf spezielle Reserven der IETF , die für „ zukünftige Nutzungsformen " reserviert sind , wäre ein Konsens in der IETF nötig , sagte IAB - Chef Olaf Kolkmann .
Ob die Netzbetreiber sich dadurch davon überzeugen lassen , rascher IPv6 - fähige Endgeräte auszurollen , bleibt abzuwarten .
( rek )
1. Recognize that no one is a nobody .
There ’s another “ N - word ” now and it ’s “ nobody . ”
Parents and teachers who listen , and who do not belittle , are preparing the young to inhabit a dignitarian world .
2. Adopt a “ No Nobodies ” policy in the workplace and the schools .
Make a list of all the forms that “ nobodying ” takes and see if others will agree to toss them out in favor of a “ No Nobodies ” policy .
More important than a policy , however , is having a plan for dealing with slip - ups .
Old habits die hard and how you go about correcting relapses is more important than noble resolutions .
Remember , you ca n’t cure rankism with rankism .
When somebody “ nobodies ” someone else , it wo n’t improve things to shame the perpetrator .
To make the transition from a rankist environment to a dignitarian one , you have to protect the dignity of perpetrator and victim alike as new habits are established .
So , the real meat and potatoes of a “ No Nobodies ” policy is not the policy itself–adopting it is the easy part–but rather getting people to agree on what ’s to be done when violations of the policy occur , which they most certainly will .
For starters , the person who is nobodied can gently remind the perpetrator how it feels .
Doing this periodically in a public forum is a remedy that often suffices to change what is deemed acceptable behavior by the group .
Without a safe way to deal with policy transgressions , a “ No Nobodies ” policy lacks the teeth to make it self - enforcing .
3. Honor your Inner “ Nobody ” and your Inner “ Somebody ” alike .
If you ’re “ just ” you , do n’t be ashamed of the nobody within .
It ’s actually your genius .
Your inner somebody is dependent on it for new ideas , so do n’t let your somebody put your nobody down .
Remind your somebody that despite all the attention it gets , it ’s a plagiarist and in danger of becoming a stuffed shirt .
Our somebodies are all guilty of stealing intellectual property from our nobodies .
Likewise , if you disparage your inner somebody , you ’re trashing your meal ticket .
It ’s best to remember that your somebody and your nobody thrive or starve together .
Their proper relationship is like that of the masculine and feminine principles we carry within us–peaceful coexistence and mutual respect .
As our internal nobody and somebody make peace and each gets the recognition it deserves , we typically find ourselves better able to extend to others the dignity we ’re granting ourselves .
4. Break the taboo on rank .
If you run an organization , make it safe for everyone to question the rightful role of rank , the authority vested in specific positions , and the prerogatives associated with various ranks .
Explain that you do not mean to unleash hostility or incite jealousy , but rather to create fairness , and that this may well take multiple “ passes , ” spread over several years .
Transparency , particularly in the form of open budgeting , is a valuable tool for reducing rankism , which thrives in dark places .
Freedom to speak up or “ blow the whistle ” without fear of retaliation is essential to dignitarian organizations .
Mutual accountability –everyone to everyone else–is their hallmark .
5 . Understand the roles of others and support equitable compensation .
Wherever you find yourself in the ranks , take responsibility for knowing what others do and understanding how their job fits into the whole .
Then recognize their contributions and support compensation structures that acknowledge the part they play in fulfilling the organizational mission .
There are n’t adequate rules yet for determining the monetary worth of one job as compared to another , but clearly rankist self - dealing over the years has produced an excessive gap between richest and poorest that is incompatible with the values of a dignitarian society .
6 . Keep your promises to everyone regardless of their power .
One way to tell if you are using the somebody - nobody distinction invidiously ( as a rationalization for rankist behavior ) is to notice to whom you keep your promises .
In a post - rankist world , we ’d all feel as obliged to keep our promises to those whom we outrank as we do to those who outrank us .
If you ’re not sure you ’ll keep a promise , do n’t make it .
7. Recognize that servers are people too .
If you ’re patronizing a store or restaurant , avoid the mistake of thinking that because “ the customer is king ” you can be a tyrant .
The majority of servers and clerks are doing their jobs as best they can , often under trying conditions and a great deal of pressure .
If you ’re a salesperson waiting on a customer whom you find unacceptably rude , you may be able to persuade your boss to back you in refusing service .
The halo goes to the server or salesperson who can devise a dialogue that will induce rankist customers to become aware of their own damaging behavior and change their ways .
8 . Be aware that rankism begets rankism .
If you humiliate those who are abusing rank , they ’re likely to take it out on their subordinates –perhaps family members–so there will be no net reduction of rankism in the world .
If someone insults your dignity , see if you can break the cycle wherein rankism begets rankism .
Every situation requires a tailor - made solution and they may not be easy to devise on the spot .
Coming up with something after the fact is not in vain .
There will almost certainly be a chance to use it on another occasion .
Robert W. Fuller
Robert Fuller is the author of Somebodies and Nobodies : Overcoming the Abuses of Rankism .
My experience with Innovative Credit Consultants has been wonderful and the results you achieved are remarkable .
It is also noteworthy that the fee I paid for such superior professional service is truly one of the great bargains of all time .
Innovative Credit Consultants Alan T. | Suffern , NY
My experience with Innovative Credit Consultants has been wonderful and the results you achieved are remarkable .
It is also noteworthy that the fee I paid for such superior professional service is truly one of the great bargains of all time .
Innovative Credit Consultants Neal F. | Edison , NJ Innovative Credit Consultants helped me raise my credit score 70 points in 60 days .
This gave me the credit I needed to refinance my house , consolidate my debt , buy a new car at a good rate , and have more options to support my growing family .
I love these guys .
Will always recommend them .
Innovative Credit Consultants Tina V. | Stamford , CT
Thanks to the team at Innovative Credit Consultants , I am now a member of the 650 credit score club and rising .
As a result , we are now in the market for a home .
I recommend ICC very highly !
Innovative Credit Consultants Jeff A. | Brooklyn , NY I ’ve been very satisfied with the service provided by the company , and have always found the staff to be professional , user friendly , and extremely thorough in handling business .
Anyone who does n't have the right knowledge of credit repair but needs a bit of it would be wise to contact ICC .
Innovative Credit Consultants Barbara T. | Hartford , CT
The group at Innovative was awesome !
They dealt with the all credit bureaus for me and updated me throughout the process .
I just watch my credit score improve !
Innovative Credit Consultants Maureen J. | Jersey City , NJ I would not have been able to get a mortgage without these guys !
They helped me raise my score almost 100 points since I started speaking with them .
Innovative Credit Consultants Alex Q. | New York , NY ICC did what they said they would and actually had customer support .
In 90 days , they helped me take my score from a 507 to a 647 .
This was good enough to get my mortgage .
Money well spent in my opinion .
I ’ll go back to get them to help me to re-finance in a few years .
Innovative Credit Consultants Shira K. | New Hyde Park , NY ICC is definitely the best out there !
I have tried 3 other companies and they just took my money and I saw nothing .
ICC raised my credit 80 points .
I have also gotten a pre-approval letter from my mortgage company for my new home !
Thank you ICC .
We might still be renting if it was n’t for you guys !
Innovative Credit Consultants Lou R. | Paramus , NJ Innovative Credit Consultants is a professional credit service organization that performed exactly what they said they would .
They gave me 123 points in 90 days .
Money well spent .
Innovative Credit Consultants Sanjay N. | New London , CT
The best thing about the whole experience was that the ICC guys were upfront with me about what to expect and sure enough , they delivered exactly what they said they would .
I ’ve recommended them to several friends and will cotinue doing so .
Innovative Credit Consultants Monica U. | New Rochelle , NY
The ICC group was invaluable in helping to first educate me and then work with me step by step until my credit finally started to take a turn for the better .
What I appreciate most is that they came as advertised .
No promises ~ just good solid advice .
Innovative Credit Consultants Sarah K. | Fort Lee , NJ
Thank you for all the wonderful work your staff has done on my behalf .
I could n't have improved my score without you , nor would I ever want to try , given how difficult it is .
You and your staff are true professionals and I bow to you .
Innovative Credit Consultants Nancy G. | Nyack , NY
As a single mother , I remember how embarrassing it was to be rejected for a car in front of my children .
Now , we are finally close to being in a position to start shopping for a new home .
Thank you Innovative Credit Consultants .
Your assistance was and is truly special .
Innovative Credit Consultants Ron L. | Mahwah , NJ I wanted to tell you that I just found out I have been finally approved for the mortgage we have been dreaming about .
Everything is really great .
Your staff , with their incredible ability to help me find the weak spots in my credit , have done an amazing job for me .
Innovative Credit Consultants Sherman H. | North Bergen , NJ I used your services to clear up my bad credit .
I now own a new car and the loan is at a great interest rate .
I am now able to get the credit I need .
Thank you so much !
Innovative Credit Consultants Josh S. | Queens , NY
Thank you for all the wonderful work your staff has done on my behalf .
I could n't have improved my score without you , nor would I ever want to try .
You and your staff are true professionals and I bow to you .
Innovative Credit Consultants Lauren J. | Westwood , NJ
Thanks for all that you have done for me these past few months .
My credit score has increased noticeably , and it is only going to be upward from here .
I was also very happy to get the education I need to keep my finances in check .
Innovative Credit Consultants Marissa E. | New York , NY Appreciate the service .
No nonsense and informative , educational and helpful .
I could n't ask for more .
Credit repair is a different world , and your assistance has been invaluable .
Innovative Credit Consultants Adam W. | Stamford , CT
Thanks for your assistance .
What I liked most was your willingness to share knowledge with me that I could n't possibly have found on my own .
By changing my own spending habits , my financial future has certainly turned around .
Innovative Credit Consultants Marcus H. | Staten Island , NY
With all of the talk about credit repair and exactly how it impacts on your financial well - being , I had no clue what to fix first .
Your staff was quite helpful and gave me an amazing game plan .
Innovative Credit Consultants Abe G. - Wheels to Lease Words cannot describe our sincere appreciate for the great advice and guidance you provided to our customers .
As you are well aware in today ’s difficult credit environment , we as one of the largest car leasing companies in the Tri State are feeling the brunt of it , since many of our customers are having difficulty in getting approvals for cars due to the tightening of credit requirements by banks as well as the necessity to have a higher score in order to qualify for a car loan / lease .
While we have in the past attempted to deal with credit repair companies , unfortunately all of them were unable to deliver what was promised and in the end not only was the customer unhappy , but we were unable to sell them a car .
Since we have started doing business with Innovative Credit , not only are our customers thrilled ( especially with your login service ) we recently reviewed our sales logs and were able to attribute 74 transactions that we would have lost if not for Innovative Credits ’ superb assistance .
Thank you again for your help and please continue doing a great job for our customers .
Innovative Credit Consultants Neil B. - NSB Law Although I am not in the habit of writing letters of praise for service providers , I am compelled to write this letter regarding the outstanding service and results obtained by your staff .
I will admit that I was indeed skeptical of you company ’s claims and staff ’s ability to affect my credit score in any material , particularly since I had previously attempted myself to erase negative entries on my own credit report .
Please understand , without meaning to be boastful , that I believe I am fairly accomplished and resourceful attorney and was under the misguided belief that there was nothing that you could accomplish that I could not do on my own .
I will admit that after months of diligent effort , I was unable to get the credit reporting services to remove the negative items from my reports .
I was resigned to just accept the fact that my credit score was not where I thought it should be and that this would cost me thousands of dollars in future financings , whether that be in connection with the purchase of a home , an automobile or a college loan for my children .
I was thereafter introduced to your company and its credit repair strategy and consumer - friendly approach .
I did not believe it possible that your staff could accomplish what I could not after dozens of man -hours I invested .
Since there were no upfront fees and no payments required unless and until a satisfactory result was achieved , I decided to take you up on the challenge and give Innovative Credit Consultants a try .
Everything , and I do mean everything , your company represented turned out to be true .
The counseling staff was friendly and professional , their documentation was legal and easy to understand , and their results were outstanding and impressive .
All negative entries on my credit reports were eliminated in a matter of weeks and my credit score is pristine .
The cost of this service was nominal compared to the significant amount of hours I had previously spent trying to accomplish the same goal .
Innovative Credit Consultants accomplished what I could not in the most professional and cost effective manner .
I cannot recommend more strongly the services of Innovative Credit Consultants .
They are true to their word and their results speak for themselves .
I am proud to be an attorney for Innovative Credit Consultants and extraordinarily please to be a client .
Keep up the superb work that you do for those in need of credit repair services .
Innovative Credit Consultants Michael M. – CitiBank , N.A
Just a small note to express my major appreciation and gratitude for the terrific job you have been doing for my clients .
As a large player in the mortgage market , particularly in the high net worth arena , I often face situations in which clients have compromised credit scores notwithstanding the fact that they are respectable bill paying citizens with significant net worth .
While I have tried different credit repair services , they have always fallen short .
I know this is going to sound cheesy after all you ’ve done for me and the relationship we now have but I have to admit to you , I was skeptical in the beginning , as I ’m sure most people in the mortgage business are of credit repair but boy am I glad I gave this a shot !
I have had the pleasure of recommending you to many clients and in all situations , you have delivered as promised and corrected the delinquencies , problems , judgments , late payments , etc .
Not only were my clients thrilled but it also allowed me to significantly increase my business volume since at this juncture I almost never have a declined application since credit has become much less of an issue due to your fabulous service .
You have helped me make a lot of money ; I want to return the favor .
Please feel free to give my contact info to anyone ; it would make me happy to share with anyone how truly wonderful and fruitful working with your organization is !
Valve software continues to release its full E3 demonstration of its followup to the universally acclaimed Portal .
In parts 2 and 3 , we learn of the new gameplay innovations and Aperture Science equipment we will be using when we return to face GLaDOS once again .
In Part 2 , we are introduced to official Aperture Science Excursion Funnels ( a registered trademark of Aperture Science Laboratories and Black Mesa Incorporated ) .
In Part 3 , we get our first glimpse into official Aperture Science Faith Plates ( a registered trademark of Aperture Science Laboratories and Black Mesa Incorporated ) .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ferrari was not given an immediate order by the FIA for Fernando Alonso to give back his position to Robert Kubica at Silverstone , according to newly - published information relating to the pit wall radio conversations that took place during the British Grand Prix .
FIA race director Charlie Whiting told Italian magazine Autosprint earlier this week that he advised Ferrari straight away to let Kubica retake his position from Alonso .
However , according to a detailed report in Gazzetta dello Sport today , the team 's version of events is very different .
Massimo Rivola , Ferrari 's team manager , told the newspaper : " This is not polemics , these are elements to clarify why Ferrari made certain decisions and the logic behind them , after Alonso 's move on Kubica . "
According to Gazzetta dello Sport , this is the chronology of the events from Ferrari 's perspective .
13:31:05
The overtaking move takes place at Club and after one second Rivola calls Whiting , who replies after 11 seconds .
Rivola asks : ' Have you seen the pass ?
In our opinion there was no room to overtake . '
26 secs after the pass , Whiting asks to be given time to watch the TV footage .
13:33 Ferrari makes a second radio call - 1m55s after the pass .
Alonso has completed another lap plus one sector , and is behind Nico Rosberg and Jaime Alguersuari , while Kubica drops further back .
Whiting tells Ferrari that the stewards think Alonso could give the position back .
Rivola asks : ' Is this the decision ? '
Whiting replies : ' No , but that 's how we see it . '
Rivola informs the team while Rosberg overtakes Alguersuari .
On the GPS screen that shows the position of the cars , Ferrari sees Kubica dropping further back .
Meanwhile , Alonso overtakes Alguersuari at Turn 2 .
13:33:22 Ferrari makes a third radio call .
Rivola tells
Whiting : ' Alonso does n't have only Kubica behind .
He would have to concede two positions now . '
While they discuss the matter Kubica is overtaken by Barrichello so Alonso would have to now give up three positions .
Whiting replies : ' We have given you the chance to do it or not .
Things being this way , the stewards will hear the drivers at the end of the race , but I understand your position . '
13:35:30 Kubica stops so Alonso can no longer give the position back .
13:45:31
The stewards investigate the Alonso / Kubica incident .
The monitors then display ' car number 8 under investigation ' , 14m26s after the pass .
13:46:26 Just 55 seconds later the stewards decide that Alonso should have a drive - through penalty .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Through textures , shapes , weights and temperatures , the sense of touch influences both our thoughts and behavior .
In a series of six experiments documented in the June 25 issue of the journal Science , a team of psychologists demonstrated how dramatically our sense of touch affects how we view the world .
Psychologists report this week in the journal Science that interpersonal interactions can be shaped , profoundly yet unconsciously , by the physical attributes of incidental objects :
Resumes reviewed on a heavy clipboard are judged to be more substantive , while a negotiator seated in a soft chair is less likely to drive a hard bargain .
The research was conducted by psychologists at Harvard University , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and Yale University .
The authors say the work suggests physical touch -- the first of our senses to develop -- may continue throughout life as a scaffold upon which we build our social judgments and decisions .
" Touch remains perhaps the most underappreciated sense in behavioral research , " says co-author Christopher C. Nocera , a graduate student in Harvard 's Department of Psychology .
" Our work suggests that greetings involving touch , such as handshakes and cheek kisses , may in fact have critical influences on our social interactions , in an unconscious fashion . "
Nocera conducted the research with Joshua M. Ackerman , assistant professor of marketing at MIT 's Sloan School of Management , and John A. Bargh , professor of psychology at Yale .
" First impressions are liable to be influenced by the tactile environment , and control over this environment may be especially important for negotiators , pollsters , job seekers , and others interested in interpersonal communication , " the authors write in Science .
" The use of ' tactile tactics ' may represent a new frontier in social influence and communication . "
The researchers conducted a series of experiments probing how objects ' weight , texture , and hardness can unconsciously influence judgments about unrelated events and situations :
To test the effects of weight , metaphorically associated with seriousness and importance , subjects used either light or heavy clipboards while evaluating resumes .
They judged candidates whose resumes were seen on a heavy clipboard as better qualified and more serious about the position , and rated their own accuracy at the task as more important .
An experiment testing texture 's effects had participants arrange rough or smooth puzzle pieces before hearing a story about a social interaction .
Those who worked with the rough puzzle were likelier to describe the interaction in the story as uncoordinated and harsh .
In a test of hardness , subjects handled either a soft blanket or a hard wooden block before being told an ambiguous story about a workplace interaction between a supervisor and an employee .
Those who touched the block judged the employee as more rigid and strict .
A second hardness experiment showed that even passive touch can shape interactions , as subjects seated in hard or soft chairs engaged in mock haggling over the price of a new car .
Subjects in hard chairs were less flexible , showing less movement between successive offers .
They also judged their adversary in the negotiations as more stable and less emotional .
Nocera and his colleagues say these experiments suggest that information acquired through touch exerts broad , if generally imperceptible , influence over cognition .
They propose that encounters with objects can elicit a " haptic mindset , " triggering application of associated concepts even to unrelated people and situations .
" People often assume that exploration of new things occurs primarily through the eyes , " Nocera says .
" While the informative power of vision is irrefutable , this is not the whole story .
For example , the typical reaction to an unknown object is usually as follows :
With an outstretched arm and an open hand , we ask , ' Can I see that ? '
This response suggests the investigation is not limited to vision , but rather the integrative sum of seeing , feeling , touching , and manipulating the unfamiliar object . "
Nocera says that because touch appears to be the first sense we use to experience the world -- for example , by equating the warm and gentle touch of our mother with comfort and safety -- it may provide part of the basis by which metaphorical abstraction allows for the development of a more complex understanding of comfort and safety .
This physical - to - mental abstraction is reflected in metaphors and shared linguistic descriptors , such as the multiple meanings of words like " hard , " " rough , " and " heavy . "
Grammy - winning U.S. rock band Kings of Leon cut short their concert last night in St. Louis after a pigeon dropping landed in bassist Jared Followill ’s mouth , the Riverfront Times reported today .
The band walked off stage at the Verizon Wireless Amphitheater after playing just three songs .
The house lights came on a few minutes later , and a venue employee announced that “ due to concerns over the band ’s safety , we are canceling the show .
Please file out in an orderly fashion . ”
Kings of Leon drummer Nathan Followill took to Twitter to respond to messages from fans upset at the cancellation .
“ So sorry St. Louis .
We had to bail , ” he wrote , explaining that the show was stopped because a pigeon had defecated in Jared Followill ’s mouth .
“ Too unsanitary to continue , ” he added .
Later , he blamed the venue for the incident and apologized to fans who had traveled to see the band .
The bassist for opening band the Postelles was also hit with bird droppings during their performance , but they managed to finish their set .
Concert promoters Livenation issued a statement shortly after the incident Friday night offering refunds on all tickets .
My experience teaching basic computer skills to newbies does n't go far back -- it was just three years ago .
These days it 's easy to forget that there are some people in the workforce who have not had much , if any , computer experience .
At the time , I was part of a tech team hired by a huge hospital chain to implement a new electronic medical records system , and part of our job was to train the medical personnel how to use it .
[ Also on InfoWorld : Read more Off the Record stories in " Tall tales of tech -- that happen to be true . " | Send your IT Off the Record story to offtherecord@infoworld.com .
If we publish it , we 'll send you a $ 50 American Express gift cheque . ]
We were given six weeks of instruction on this specific electronic medical records system and were then deployed to different hospitals in teams to implement the project in phases .
Some of us worked with physicians and nurses in OR , ER , Labor and Delivery , and other units in any given hospital .
After working with the medical staff at the hospital I was assigned to , I began to realize some of the nurses and physicians needed a different kind of training : a crash course in basic computer use .
I found myself teaching people how to close and open windows , how to print a simple page , and the function of Caps Lock and Number Lock .
I could n't get anywhere close to teaching some of these folks how to learn new software and challenge them with the transition from paper medical charts to an electronic medical records system .
One day , I was teaching a nurse how to order medications using the new software .
I explained to her the concept of ordering medicine over the computer and discussed how to use the mouse and keyboard to place the order .
Just as I was done saying that , she picked up the mouse and talked into it , as if it were a microphone .
I froze in shock for a few seconds and did n't know if I should pass out from laughter or simply turn around and walk away like it never happened .
I kept my composure and showed her how to use the mouse correctly .
From what I observed , those who had trouble with basic computer skills were usually either very close to retirement or had received training in other countries .
And until we came to implement the electronic medical records system , computers had n't been a large part of their daily work routine .
Those struggling received more attention from the implementation staff and eventually were assisted by their co-workers , who did learn the software once we left the hospital .
Now when almost everything is becoming electronic , it 's helpful to remember that in plenty of professions , some employees need a little extra help getting to know computers .
This story , " Diagnosis : Weak computer skills , " was originally published at InfoWorld.com .
Read more crazy - but - true stories in the anonymous Off the Record blog at InfoWorld.com .
HIRE A BANKRUPTCY ATTORNEY IN SALT LAKE CITY , UT Contact Paul Toscano , P.C. Today for Help with Bankruptcy Law
You do n’t have to live with crushing debt forever .
It ’s time to break the cycle and get your life back on track .
The Law Office of Paul Toscano , P.C. works with companies and individuals in the Salt Lake City , Utah area to help them restructure their finances and pay off their debts .
Call us today for help with Chapter 7 , Chapter 11 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy law .
You should n’t fear bankruptcy – for many people , it ’s the best option for turning their lives around and restoring their financial freedom .
It could be your best option , too .
Call The Law Office of Paul Toscano , P.C. today to discuss whether or not filing for bankruptcy is right for you .
Imagine sitting down to a lovely meal of grilled salmon , firm , moist , delicious …and genetically engineered .
Does that sound different than firm , moist , delicious wild salmon ?
Or firm , moist , delicious farm - raised salmon ?
Probably .
But why .
Salmon is salmon is salmon right ?
Well , no , you might say .
With genetic engineering there might be a gene in there from a peanut or a potato or a pig .
They can mix anything they want together these days .
What if I told you that the only in the entire salmon , are salmon genes .
The genetic engineering just took genes from one species that matures faster , the Chinook , and put them in the Atlantic salmon which people like to eat and which can be farm - raised and mass produced , so the salmon grows to its normal size faster .
( They also put in a gene from a salmon relative , the ocean pout , to turn the Chinook growth gene on . )
But wait , you say .
There was nothing on the label that said it was genetically engineered .
That ’s because the Food and Drug Administration long ago ruled that food that is the same after genetic engineering as it was before is , well , the same , so it does n’t have to be labeled as different .
It ’s like milk produced from cows injected with Bovine Growth , the natural hormone from cows that stimulates milk production .
Put more BGH in the cow and you get more milk , but the milk is the same milk .
Well , this is the same salmon .
But wait , you say .
These genetically engineered salmon could interbreed with wild salmon , and then humans are messing with nature .
To avoid just that problem , the genetically engineered salmon will only be sold as eggs , to companies that breed their salmon in inland tanks .
Oh , and the eggs will produce females that are sterile .
But wait , you say .
The government wo n’t release all the documents on how this genetically engineered fish is being produced .
The FDA says that ’s because it regulates genetic modification of food the same way it regulates new pharmaceuticals .
To protect companies that invest billions developing new drugs , trade secrets are kept secret .
( So are the formula for Coke and the recipe for Thomas ’s English Muffins , by the way , and we eat those industrially produced foods . )
That ’s a lot of “ Yeah , buts … . ” before you finally dig into the salmon , albeit hesitantly .
What ’s all the hesitation about ?
Do you know all you need to know about how genetic engineering is done to make a fully informed rational choice about this perceived risk ?
No ?
Do you have all the time to go learn up on it , or all the background knowledge and smarts you ’ll need to understand all that science ?
Nope .
Then , if we ’re talking about a judgment that is not purely rational , i.e. purely fact - based , where do these fears come from ?
The perception of genetically modified food is like the perception of any risk , a combination of the facts and how those facts feel , a mix of reason and gut reaction .
GM food has several unique characteristics that psychologists have determined make some things feel scarier than others .
It ’s human - made , and that alone makes it scarier than a risk that ’s natural .
We ’re more afraid of what we ca n’t detect ourselves , what we do n’t understand , and what we ’re exposed to involuntarily ( remember your complaint about no labels ? ) .
We depend on the government to keep us safe , but we do n’t completely trust the government , and that lack of trust feeds greater worry ( ergo the complaints about secrets ) .
None of this has anything to do with the fact that the genetically modified salmon is 100 % salmon , just grown up faster .
But the psychological lenses of risk perception , through which we filter what information we do have , mean that genetically modified food that is essentially identical to the natural kind , which offers the promise of more sustainable production of more protein at less cost , is going to bump up against resistance from people who , as we all do to some degree , just naturally worry about risks that are human - made , hard to understand , invisible and undetectable , imposed on us , and that a not - completely trusted bureaucracy is supposed to protect us from .
The opponents will argue all those facts that you just argued a few moments ago , but it will be their ( our ) underlying perception psychology doing the talking .
It will be interesting , a few years from now , to listen in on the conversation they have with friends who invite them for dinner , and serve salmon .
The psychology of risk perception referred to above is described in detail in David Ropeik 's new book , How Risk Is It , Really ?
Why Our Fears Do n't Match the Facts .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
A man who is without capital , and who , by prohibitions upon banking , is practically forbidden to hire any , is in a condition elevated but one degree above that of a chattel slave .
He may live ; but he can live only as the servant of others ; compelled to perform such labor , and to perform it at such prices , as they may see fit to dictate .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
And the men who loan money to governments , so called , for the purpose of enabling the latter to rob , enslave , and murder their people , are among the greatest villains that the world has ever seen .
And they as much deserve to be hunted and killed ( if they can not otherwise be got rid of ) as any slave traders , robbers , or pirates that ever lived .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
If a jury have not the right to judge between the government and those who disobey its laws , the government is absolute , and the people , legally speaking , are slaves .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
In truth , in the case of individuals , their actual voting is not to be taken as proof of consent , even for the time being .
On the contrary , it is to be considered that , without his consent having ever been asked , a man finds himself environed by a government that he cannot resist ; a government that forces him to pay money , render service , and forego the exercise of many of his natural rights , under peril of weighty punishments .
He sees , too , that other men practise this tyranny over him by the use of the ballot .
He sees further that , if he will but use the ballot himself , he has some chance of relieving himself from this tyranny of others , by subjecting them to his own .
In short , he finds himself , without his consent , so situated that , if he use the ballot , he may become a master ; if he does not use it , he must become a slave .
And he has no other alternative than these two .
In self - defence , he attempts the former .
His case is analogous to that of a man who has been forced into battle , where he must either kill others , or be killed himself .
Because , to save his own life in battle , a man attempts to take the lives of his opponents , it is not to be inferred that the battle is one of his own choosing .
Neither in contests with the ballot -- which is a mere substitute for a bullet -- because , as his only chance of self - preservation , a man uses a ballot , is it to be inferred that the contest is one into which he voluntarily entered ; that he voluntarily set up all his own natural rights , as a stake against those of others , to be lost or won by the mere power of numbers .
On the contrary , it is to be considered that , in an exigency , into which he had been forced by others , and in which no other means of self - defence offered , he , as a matter of necessity , used the only one that was left to him .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
No government knows any limits to its power except the endurance of the people .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
The only idea they have ever manifested as to what is a government of consent , is this -- that it is one to which everybody must consent , or be shot .
Lysander Spooner quote s : The Rothschilds , and that class of money - lenders of whom they are the representatives and agents - men who never think of lending a shilling to their next - door neighbors , for purposes of honest industry , unless upon the most ample security , and at the highest rate of interest - stand ready , at all times , to lend money in unlimited amounts to those robbers and murderers , who call themselves governments , to be expended in shooting down those who do not submit quietly to being robbed and enslaved .
Lysander Spooner quote s : ... only those who have the will and the power to shoot down their fellow men , are the real rulers in this , as in all other ( so - called ) civilized countries ; for by no others will civilized men be robbed , or enslaved .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
And the so - called sovereigns , in these different governments , are simply the heads , or chiefs , of different bands of robbers and murderers .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
In truth , in the case of individuals , their actual voting is not to be taken as proof of consent , even for the time being .
On the contrary , it is to be considered that , without his consent having ever been asked , a man finds himself environed by a government that he cannot resist ; a government that forces him to pay money , render service , and forego the exercise of many of his natural rights , under peril of weighty punishments .
He sees , too , that other men practise this tyranny over him by the use of the ballot .
He sees further that , if he will but use the ballot himself , he has some chance of relieving himself from this tyranny of others , by subjecting them to his own .
In short , he finds himself , without his consent , so situated that , if he use the ballot , he may become a master ; if he does not use it , he must become a slave .
And he has no other alternative than these two .
In self - defence , he attempts the former .
His case is analogous to that of a man who has been forced into battle , where he must either kill others , or be killed himself .
Because , to save his own life in battle , a man attempts to take the lives of his opponents , it is not to be inferred that the battle is one of his own choosing .
Neither in contests with the ballot -- which is a mere substitute for a bullet -- because , as his only chance of self - preservation , a man uses a ballot , is it to be inferred that the contest is one into which he voluntarily entered ; that he voluntarily set up all his own natural rights , as a stake against those of others , to be lost or won by the mere power of numbers .
On the contrary , it is to be considered that , in an exigency , into which he had been forced by others , and in which no other means of self - defence offered , he , as a matter of necessity , used the only one that was left to him .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
A government that can at pleasure accuse , shoot , and hang men , as traitors , for the one general offence of refusing to surrender themselves and their property unreservedly to its arbitrary will , can practice any and all special and particular oppressions it pleases .
The result -- and a natural one -- has been that we have had governments , State and national , devoted to nearly every grade and species of crime that governments have ever practised upon their victims ; and these crimes have culminated in a war that has cost a million of lives ; a war carried on , upon one side , for chattel slavery , and on the other for political slavery ; upon neither for liberty , justice , or truth .
And these crimes have been committed , and this war waged , by men , and the descendants of men , who , less than a hundred years ago , said that all men were equal , and could owe neither service to individuals , nor allegiance to governments , except with their own consent .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
The principle that the majority have a right to rule the minority , practically resolves all government into a mere contest between two bodies of men , as to which of them shall be masters , and which of them slaves ; a contest , that -- however bloody -- can , in the nature of things , never be finally closed , so long as man refuses to be a slave .
Lysander Spooner quote s : Vices are those acts by which a man harms himself or his property .
Crimes are those acts by which one man harms the person or property of another .
Vices are simply the errors which a man makes in his search after his own happiness .
Unlike crimes , they imply no malice toward others , and no interference with their persons or property .
In vices , the very essence of crime — that is , the design to injure the person or property of another — is wanting .
It is a maxim of the law that there can be no crime without criminal intent ; that is , without the intent to invade the person or property of another .
But no one ever practices a vice with any such criminal intent .
He practices his vice for his own happiness solely , and not from any malice toward others .
Unless this clear distinction between vices and crimes be made and recognized by the laws , there can be on earth no such thing as individual right , liberty , or property , and the corresponding coequal rights of another man to the control of his own person and property .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
If our fathers , in 1776 , had acknowledged the principle that a majority had the right to rule the minority , we should never have become a nation ; for they were in a small minority , as compared with those who claimed the right to rule over them .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
A man is none the less a slave because he is allowed to choose a new master once in a term of years .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
For a government to declare a vice to be a crime , and to punish it as such , is an attempt to falsify the very nature of things .
It is as absurd as it would be to declare truth to be a falsehood , or falsehood a truth .
Lysander Spooner quote s : [ F ] or everybody has a natural right to defend his own person and property against aggressors , but also to go to the assistance and defence of everybody else , whose person or property is invaded .
The natural right of each individual to defend his own person and property against an aggressor , and to go to the assistance and defence of every one else whose person or property is invaded , is a right without which men could not exist on earth .
Lysander Spooner quote s :
For more than six hundred years -- that is , since the Magna Carta in 1215 -- there has been no clearer principle of English or American constitutional law than that , in criminal cases , it is not only the right and duty of juries to judge what are the facts , what is the law , and what was the moral intent of the accused ; but that it is also their right , and their primary and paramount duty , to judge the justice of the law , and to hold all laws invalid , that are , in their opinion , unjust , oppressive , and all persons guiltless in violating or resisting the execution of such laws .
Text Size A A
A report from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology offers positive news to the chemical industry : The U.S. has an abundant supply of natural gas that can be developed at low cost — equal to 92 years at the current domestic consumption rates .
Natural gas is a key feedstock for chemical producers .
But the interim report , which was released on June 25 , also comes to a conclusion that the chemical industry may not like : Demands for that resource as a fuel are likely to grow substantially .
If required to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , U.S. electricity producers will increasingly rely on natural gas through mid-century , the report predicts .
Electric utilities would replace inefficient coal - fired plants with combined - cycle natural gas facilities , the report says .
When burned in a power plant , natural gas produces less carbon dioxide per unit of energy than does coal .
For example , CO 2 emissions from power production in a region in Texas could be reduced by as much as 22 % with no additional capital investment and without impacting system reliability by favoring natural gas combined - cycle units over coal generation .
Any future expansion of the U.S. chemical production capacity due to the availability of reasonably priced natural gas will likely serve the domestic market rather than boost exports , the report adds .
That 's because as production has built up offshore over the past two decades , U.S. exports of basic petrochemicals have fallen .
The MIT interdisciplinary team that produced the report studied domestic natural gas reserves and the potential of the fuel to help curb greenhouse gas emissions .
Natural gas producers provided part of the funding for the two - year study .
He 's being wordy .
In my emails , lack of enthusiasm and longwindedness are 100 % directly related : Hi Meredith , I would really like to help you move all your belongings ( including that 200 - lb armoire ? ) out of your duplex on Saturday night .
It just depends on an already - scheduled dinner event with my extended family , including some very old relatives , that 's about 30 miles away that might or might not end before midnight , and also on the availability of the local cab service in suburban Maryland , but I really want to be there and please let me know how I can be of help !!!!
This study investigated changes in both the liar 's and the conversational partner 's linguistic style across truthful and deceptive dyadic communication in a synchronous text - based setting .
An analysis of 242 transcripts revealed that liars produced more words , more sense - based words ( e.g. , seeing , touching ) , and used fewer self - oriented but more other - oriented pronouns when lying than when telling the truth .
In addition , motivated liars avoided causal terms when lying , whereas unmotivated liars tended to increase their use of negations .
Conversational partners also changed their behavior during deceptive conversations , despite being blind to the deception manipulation .
Partners asked more questions with shorter sentences when they were being deceived , and matched the liar 's linguistic style along several dimensions .
The linguistic patterns in both the liar and the partner 's language use were not related to deception detection , suggesting that partners were unable to use this linguistic information to improve their deception detection accuracy .
If you want to learn to lie better ( I sure do ) , read the full story at Bakadesuyo .
Advertisements
Real former governor Mike Huckabee ( R - AK ) took the gloves off when he showed a clip of half - term governor Sarah Palin endorsing pot from Fox News ’ Freedom Watch Show .
Advertisements
Palin got carried away with her free - wheelin’ AIP secessionist style , because saying pot is OK if you do it in your own home is a major political gaffe of epic proportions for any politician , let alone a law and order conservative .
Pot was , of course , legal at one time in Alaska and Palin has admitted to smoking it , “ I ca n’t claim a Bill Clinton and say I never inhaled . ”
Indeed , Ms. Palin
Watch here :
www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_XitNJOSGs….
While talking about the legalization of marijauna , Palin said , “ If we ’re talking about pot , I ’m not for the legalization of pot , because I think that would just encourage , especially our young people , to think that it is okay to go ahead and use it , and I ’m not an advocate for that .
However , I think that we need to prioritize our law enforcement efforts , and if somebody is going to smoke a joint in their house and not do anybody else any harm , perhaps there are other things that our cops should be looking at to engage in , and try to clean up some of the other problems that we have in society that are appropriate for law enforcement to do , and not concentrate on such a , relatively speaking , minimal problem that we have in the country . ”
This forth - rightness on her part is really one of her more genuine moments , albeit perhaps unintentionally — but it does show the sort of candid realness that she sold to Alaskans fed up with the corruption of the Republican machine in Alaska .
This is one of those moments that in a state smaller than many American cities , can play as charming and mavericky — but on a national level , is a disaster .
One wonders why it did n’t occur to her that the man questioning her , leading her to the guillotine , is a man who would very much like to see her fail .
Miserably .
I can see the 30 second ad now .
Her opponent cuts out all the stuff about her being opposed to legalization and shows the clip of her saying that law enforcement has better things to do than bust someone who is smoking a joint in their house .
( I do wonder if the someone she is referring to happens to live in Wasilla , Alaska ) .
It is absolutely forbidden according to the Gospel of Reagan for a Republican to be soft on drugs .
It does n’t matter if Palin ’s comments made some sense , and might have been the most lucid thing that she has said in months .
( I ca n’t believe that I just typed that ) .
Republicans JUST SAY NO , and by saying maybe just one joint , Palin hurt herself with the social and evangelical conservatives that she is so desperately courting .
For someone who ’s been busy playing the party line ever since she was picked in 2008 as McCain ’s running mate , this was an odd departure .
Perhaps it represents Palin ’s idea of running her own PR .
Knowing Palin ’s paranoia , it ’s easy to understand how she continuously leans on herself and her entourage of enablers rather than listen to the harsh words of experienced political operatives .
Still , if it were n’t for her utterly proud ignorance about legislation , our government , and almost every issue ( save this one ) that I care about , I can almost see what her flock thinks they see in her .
She ’s spunky alright .
And speaking of spunky , Huckabee mocked Palin for appearing high , drawing unwanted attention to her manic behavior .
Sure , Palin is a pitbull with lipstick , but she ca n’t handle it when she ’s not in control .
And she most definitely was not in control during this episode , which came soon after the Bill O’Reilly melt down ( an episode so fraught with an eminent breakdown on Palin ’s part , it was painful to watch ) .
Her fellow potential 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee responded with a joke that implied that Palin is soft on drugs , “ After Sarah Palin made these comments , she then produced a gram of coke from her purse and did line after line on the glass table . ”
Huckabee ’s shot at Palin demonstrates why it is bad politics for any potential candidate , Democratic or Republican to look soft on drugs .
Palin made a huge gaffe that is certain to come back to haunt her if she runs for the Republican nomination in 2012 .
h/t to Crystalwolf
JRuby 1.5 is out , and InfoQ used that opportunity to catch up with JRuby 's Charles Nutter to talk about the big changes in the release , the future of JRuby on the current and future JVMs , and more .
InfoQ
What 's the state of AOT in JRuby 1.5 ?
We 've always had an ahead - of - time compiler , to produce pre-compiled Ruby code in .class files .
But there were a few things missing :
* Those precompiled files would go on to generate " invokers " , generated code stubs to bind all the methods and blocks in the file .
This caused an additional classloading hit while simultaneously preventing precompiled scripts from working in environments where bytecode generation was forbidden ( like applets or Android ) .
* There was no way to produce " real " Java classes .
The .class files produced were 1:1 with .rb files , to provide a nice mechanism for precompiling scripts without generating scads of output .
But in practice , that did n't go far enough , and what people really needed was a way to produce real - looking Java classes from Ruby code .
Both of these have been remedied in 1.5 , with the addition of several flags :
-- java and -- javac allow you to generate " real " Java classes from Ruby classes in a given file .
You can compile Java code against them , add annotations to them , implement interfaces , reflect their methods , and construct them like normal Java classes .
-- handles generates at compile time all " invoker " handles that would have been generated at runtime .
This means Ruby scripts can be " completely " precompiled , so that no runtime code generation needs to happen at all .
We also added a - - sha1 flag , which produces .class files named based on the SHA1 hash of the actual Ruby source .
By using this more standard naming , you can ship .rb files in any directory layout , with .class files somewhere in the classpath , and the association between .rb and .class is maintained .
InfoQ
The release notes mentioned a setting ' jruby.jit.codeCache ' ; are these class files just cached between runs or are they related to AOT functionality ?
Related Sponsored Content Demystifying Microservices for Jakarta EE & Java EE Developers
Both , actually .
If you use codeCache= < dir > along with -X+C to force all files to compile on load , you 'll see it save off all files that are * actually * loaded during the run .
Then ideally you can ship just those classes , rather than precompiling every file in every library ( assuming your run touches all files actually needed when the app runs in production .
If you use codeCache with normal execution , it will only save off the compiled method bodies that get hot enough to JIT .
And if you want to just precompile the lot , you can combine -- sha1 and -- handles flags to jrubyc with either jarred up class files or codeCache to precompile the lot .
We 're going to be putting together some documentation and howtos for all this , but I already blogged a bit about -- sha1 and -- handles used to precompile Ruby applications for Android .
InfoQ
What are the limits of AOT , ie. is it possible to use eval ( ) , metaprogramming , etc ?
eval is possible as long as we ship with a parser and interpreter for Ruby code .
The only limitation is whether that code will be able to JIT at runtime , which is n't possible in some environments ( like Ruboto - - JRuby on Android ) .
We are also considering building a stripped - down JRuby runtime that only includes the pieces needed to run precompiled code ; in that case , eval would n't be possible ... but it might be worth it , since it would mean we would n't have to ship the parser , interpreter , AST classes , compiler , ASM ( for bytecode generation ) , and potentially more .
If your metaprogramming requires eval , it 's subject to the same requirements .
But it always works as long as it does n't require eval .
Method and block bodies can be compiled " completely " , so it 's possible to use define_method and friends even when eval is n't available .
InfoQ
What 's the status of FFI and other methods for accessing native libraries ?
In JRuby 1.5 , we switched away from JNA ( Java Native Access ) and moved to JFFI ( Java Foreign Function Interface ) .
Wayne Meissner , our native binding expert , worked extensively on JNA , and he carried that knowledge over to JFFI to make it faster more efficient .
All our native library logic , including our binding of POSIX functions not normally available on the JVM ( JRuby can work with symlinks , open UNIX sockets , and more ) , pass through JFFI now , and we ship with JFFI 's native bits for all the popular platforms and several weird ones ( PPC - AIX ! z Linux ! ) .
InfoQ
What 's the state of to Wayne Meissner 's JRuby Native Extension support ?
Wayne mocked up an early prototype of a " Ruby C API " for JRuby , with the hope that community members would help us fill it out so we could run at least some of the many native extensions people have written .
But working on such a layer is not for everyone , and it did n't move forward in the face of other bugs and features that we deemed more important .
However , there 's good news : as part of the Ruby Summer of Code , JRuby will have a dedicated student this summer to help us work on the C extension support .
I 'm not sure if we 'll be able to do enough for * most * extensions to work , but I think we 'll be able to provide a safe subset that enables * some * extensions to work .
I also hope that by drawing a line in the sand and only implementing the API calls we feel are " safely " implementable , we 'll help provide some guidance for C Ruby moving forward .
InfoQ
What 's the state of 1.9 support ?
We did a lot more work on Ruby 1.9 support in this release , and there are users running JRuby in 1.9 mode ... but we did n't make a concentrated effort .
And this is for a good reason ; late last year , The Ruby 1.9.2 manager Yuki Sonoda ( yugui ) broke with the " Christmas release " tradition by saying that 1.9.2 needed more work and its release would be delayed into 2010 .
They 're now approaching completion of 1.9.2 , which means we 'll soon have a " stable " version of 1.9 we can begin to chase in earnest .
I 'd say JRuby 1.6 is the release to watch for more " complete " 1.9 support .
InfoQ
What 's the state of the MLVM , the Java 7 work , eg. with invoke_dynamic , etc . ?
MLVM 's most interesting and more mature component , invokedynamic , has mostly undergone lateral changes since this past fall .
For example , the APIs have been improved , and the underlying implementation in Hotspot has advanced considerably .
We 've been tracking those changes and keeping JRuby 's invokedynamic support in sync .
We 've also started to see JRuby + invokedynamic run slightly faster than JRuby on Java 6 ;
That 's very promising .
Another interesting development is the work on coroutine support for MLVM ( and perhaps eventually for JVM proper ) .
Lukas Stadler posted a blog entry recently where he reworked JRuby 's Ruby 1.9 " fibers " support ( you might know them as coroutines or threadlets or cooperatively - schedule microthreads ) to use the coroutine support he'd worked on for Hotspot .
The results were very impressive ; JRuby fibers plus Lukas 's continuations performed better than the green - threaded implementation in Ruby 1.9 , a feat we'd thought impossible .
Even better , it eliminated the use of native threads , which is how JRuby on standard JVM simulates coroutines now .
I do n't know if there 's any chance of this getting into a real JVM release , but it would be greatly appreciated by any languages that need coroutines or threadlets .
Lukas Stadler 's work on bringing coroutine support to the JVM .
InfoQ
Any big plans for 1.6 ?
We have a few thoughts in mind :
* Continue integrating the rest of the Java platform by adding Maven support to Rake , extension support to jrubyc -- java , and many more walkthroughs of using class - based frameworks with JRuby that were difficult or impossible to use before .
* Ruby 1.9.2 support .
We 've got a lot done , but there 's a lot more to do .
We definitely could use some community help here .
* A new look at performance in JRuby .
We 've continued to perform very well compared to the standard Ruby implementations , but there are specific domains where newer implementations like MacRuby and Rubinius easily outperform us .
Some of that is due to intrinsic limitations of running on the JVM , like the need for 100 % boxed numbers ( which severely penalizes us on numeric algorithms ) .
But a lot of it is because we have n't made a major perf push in JRuby since perhaps mid 2008 .
There 's a lot of things we know we can improve ... they 're just a bit tricky .
InfoQ
The JRuby team has written a book on JRuby - what 's the target audience ?
We have tried to make this book approachable for both Ruby developers interested in using the JVM or Java libraries , and for Java developers looking to move some of their code to Ruby ( or some of their web applications to Rails ) .
There 's lots of walkthroughs , plenty of beginner - to - intermediate content , and we 've got more chapters on the way .
Charles recently blogged about the plans for JRuby performance improvements in future releases .
InfoQ Engine Yard now offers commercial JRuby support - any news about this ?
Yes !
Engine Yard is now offering support + services packages for JRuby users worried about safely investing in JRuby at their organizations .
You can get remote customer support , dedicated bug - fixing hours , and even on - site time .
We 're hoping this will make it easier for large customers to make moves toward JRuby in confidence , and see it as a perfect complement to our top - notch OSS - style support that all users receive ( as time permits , of course ) .
Oh look , 24 hours have passed , so House minority leader John Boehner should have endorsed some new , unworkable policy idea in bad faith by now .
And he has : a moratorium on new federal regulations for an entire year , specifically .
Really ?
Now maybe he was just trying to be nice to the particular businessman who asked him about this , someone who has no idea how the federal government or society operates :
House Minority Leader John A. Boehner on Friday endorsed a one - year moratorium on almost all new federal regulations , an idea he said would create jobs by ending uncertainty among businesses fearful of new federal mandates .
Boehner made the suggestion in the Capitol after a 90 - minute session with a group of business leaders gathered as part of America Speaking Out , the House Republicans ' effort to solicit ideas across the country for a fall campaign platform .
One of the participants at the roundtable raised the idea and Boehner said afterward , " Having a moratorium on new federal regulations is a great idea .
It sends a wonderful signal to the private sector that they 'll have some breathing room . "
It 's bizarre how these business leaders , who must be very well educated and capable of critical thought , keep thinking that Obama is coming after all businesses , one by one , until Western Civilization has been pulverized entirely .
What 's happened in the last year ?
Private - market based reform of a health care / insurance sector that 's been targeted by most administrations since World War II ; inevitable ( and light ! ) rules for a financial sector that blew up the global economy two years ago ; and trying to ensure that an enormously profitable oil company would cover the costs of its massive oil spill .
He 's really not trying to destroy the profit motive !
( That 's for his second term . )
Anyway , back to the ten million problems with this " regulations moratorium " idea , this Washington Independent insta-reaction works :
Rep. John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) is calling for a government moratorium on new regulations for one year , according to Talking Points Memo , with new regulations only coming if there is an " emergency . "
I 'll just note that regulations are generally designed to prevent emergencies , rather than to respond to them , and that government agencies are currently in the process of writing regulations in accordance with the new health care and financial reform laws .
Halting that work for a year would do nothing other than , well , halt that work for a year .
Government agencies write thousands and thousands of little regulations all year , many of them explicitly designed to help businesses .
But this is probably more of a response than Boehner needs ; he knows it , it 's not going to happen , but he 'll run his mouth about it anyway .
[ Image via AP ]
CR Note :
This is part 2 in a series on sovereign debt issues by reader " some investor guy " .
Here is Part 1 : How Large is the Outstanding Value of Sovereign Bonds ?
Sovereign bonds have been defaulting for almost as long as there have been sovereign bonds .
The problems go back many centuries .
A good overview created for the IMF is “ The Costs of Sovereign Default ” by Eduardo Borensztein and Ugo Panizza .
Some countries are “ serial defaulters ” , with a long history of sovereign defaults .
Many have defaulted on sovereign debt five times or more .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Here is a chart showing the number of countries defaulting each year from 1824 to 2003 .
The raw data comes from S&P. Charts were created by the Some Investor Guy .
As you can see , there are some years with no defaults at all , and other years with many .
Defaults tend to come in clusters , and the behavior of lenders often changes substantially after defaults .
In the Volatility Machine , Michael Pettis asserts that sovereign default contagion follows predictable patterns , and that contagion is primarily due to investors in the first defaulting country also having investments in other countries which are vulnerable .
This is especially the case with leveraged investors .
In the seemingly “ quiet period ” from 1945 to 1959 , there was just one sovereign default .
Interestingly , this was also a time with a number of very angry foreign investors .
This time period was the peak of expropriation of foreign assets .
There were at least 25 nationalizations and expropriations of foreign assets .
Many were by new members of the Soviet Bloc , and by newly independent colonies ( Source : Michael Tomz , Stanford , working paper ) .
For you ubernerds who want to see which countries defaulted each year , here they are .
I ’ve broken them down into three periods to make the charts more readable .
1820 to 1920 ( click on chart for larger image ) 1920 to 1980 1981 to 2003
The underlying causes of default ( such as rises in interest rates , wars , commodity price collapses , and simply borrowing too much money ) have been diagnosed for many episodes .
Proximate to the default , any of the following six financial changes might occur : 1 .
Government revenues fall far below history or forecast ; 2. Expenses aside from debt service rise far above history or forecast ; 3 .
Interest rates rise substantially ; due to inflation , credit spreads , illiquidity , or other causes4 .
Demand for bonds suddenly drops or disappears ( a sudden stop ) ; 5 .
Exchange rates move , making payments on foreign denominated bonds much more expensive ( currency risk ) , and , 6 .
A government simply decides not to pay , even though it has the capacity to pay ( repudiation ) .
Paolo Manasse and Nouriel Roubini studied sovereign default risk and concluded that many guidelines used for estimating when default was likely did not perform well , primarily because those guidelines looked at separate risks .
For example , total government debt exceeding 200 % of GDP is often used to indicate stress .
However , some other circumstances may make the problems much less severe ( like having a growing economy and no foreign denominated debt ) .
Other factors might make it much worse ( like high inflation ) .
CR Note :
This is from " Some investor guy " .
Over the next week or so , some investor guy will address several questions :
What are market estimates of the probabilities of default ?
What are total estimated losses on sovereign bonds due to default ?
What happens if things go really badly and what are the indirect effects of default ?
Next in the series , Part 3 .
What are the Market Estimates of the Probabilities of Default ?
Series : • Part 1 : How Large is the Outstanding Value of Sovereign Bonds ? • Part 2 . How Often Have Sovereign Countries Defaulted in the Past ? • Part 2B : More on Historic Sovereign Default Research • Part 3 . What are the Market Estimates of the Probabilities of Default ? • Part 4 . What are Total Estimated Losses on Sovereign Bonds Due to Default ? • Part 5A .
What Happens If Things Go Really Badly ?
$ 15 Trillion of Sovereign Debt in Default • Part 5B .
Part 5B .
What Happens If Things Go Really Badly ?
More Things Can Go Badly : Credit Default Swaps , Interest Swaps and Options , Foreign Exchange • Part 5C .
Some Policy Options , Good and Bad • Part 5D .
European Banks ,
What if Things Go Really Badly ?
A 31 - year old Japanese man has admitted to uploading 3 TV - shows and sharing 165 more on BitTorrent after he was arrested by Tokyo Police 's Cyber Crime unit .
In his confession the man told the investigators that he used BitTorrent because he believed it was free of viruses and police .
He was proven wrong on the latter .
Traditionally , Japanese file - sharers prefer the Winny network over BitTorrent , but the latter has been steadily growing over the last years up to several million users .
This download trend has not gone unnoticed by the local police either , who recently arrested an unemployed man for sharing 165 TV - shows on BitTorrent .
The 31 - year old Shuichiro Tanaka was arrested by Tokyo Police ’s Cyber Crime unit and was charged with recording and uploading 3 TV - shows in early June .
According to reports , Tanaka also shared 165 more TV - shows between February and July this year .
The videos the man shared on BitTorrent were mainly Japanese variety shows such as “ Waratte Iitomo ” and “ Genius ! Shimura Zoo . ”
According to the police , this is the first time that someone was arrested for copyright infringement on BitTorrent in Japan .
Tanaka has confessed to the charges and stated that he used BitTorrent to avoid running into viruses and the police .
“ I did it for people who missed the TV - shows .
Because there is a potential for viruses on Winny and others , I used BitTorrent , which I heard police were n’t investigating , ” Tanaka told the police while pleading guilty .
Unlike on BitTorrent , viruses are both prevalent and quite aggressive on the Winny network .
One virus that surfaced three years ago was specifically targeted at file - sharers and threatened to report them to the police , or kill them if they continued sharing .
Although this is the first arrest of a BitTorrent user , it is certainly not the first file - sharing related case .
Last year , a 33 - year old Japanese man was arrested for uploading the movie ‘ Wanted ’ to the Winny network before its Japanese theatrical release .
He was later sentenced to two years in prison .
Well , folks , Sorry about this one !
Presenting excerpts from Tea Party Comix Issue Three
( see original post of Tea Party Comix issues one and two )
KAMPALA , Uganda 
About 1,700 Rwandans seeking asylum have been herded onto trucks at gunpoint and driven across the border to Rwanda in what the United Nations has called an illegal operation to repatriate refugees .
According to human rights groups and the United Nations , the Ugandan police entered a refugee camp on Wednesday morning in southern Uganda and lured asylum seekers with promises of food , before surrounding them and forcing them onto trucks back to Rwanda .
At least two refugees jumped out of trucks to their deaths , many more were injured and local news reports said some had been shot .
The United Nations on Friday condemned the operations , saying in a statement that it “ deplores ” the “ forced returns . ”
While many of the refugees who were forcibly repatriated had been initially refused asylum by the Ugandan government , United Nations officials said many of them were in the middle of the asylum process and should not have been sent back .
Jersey Girl Requests A “ BIOCH ” License Plate , Chaos Ensues
New Jersey woman fights for her ‘ BIOCH ’ license plates
This news story revolves around a woman in New Jersey who got a customized license plate that said “ BIOCH ” because she thought it was very appropriate ( and after watching this video , I have to agree ) .
Surprisingly , after she was cruising around with the license plate somebody in Jersey got offended by it and filed a complaint which led to this ( giddy ) news report .
If you enjoyed this post , please “ like ” our Facebook page :
The following article originally appeared on The Archdruid Report .
It has been
nearly four decades now since the limits to industrial civilization 's
trajectory of limitless material growth on a limited planet have been clearly
visible on the horizon of our future .
Over that time , a remarkable paradox has
unfolded .
The closer we get to the limits to growth , the more those limits
impact our daily lives , and the more clearly our current trajectory points
toward the brick wall of a difficult future , the less most people in the
industrial world seem to be able to imagine any alternative to driving the
existing order of things ever onward until the wheels fall off .
This is as true in many corners of the activist community as it is in the most
unregenerate of corporate boardrooms .
For most of today 's environmentalists ,
for example , renewable energy is n't something that people ought to produce for
themselves , unless they happen to be wealthy enough to afford the rooftop PV
systems that have become the latest status symbol in suburban neighborhoods on
either coast .
It 's something that utilities and the government are supposed to
produce as fast as possible , so that Americans can keep on using three times as
much energy per capita as the average European and twenty times as much as the
average Chinese .
Of course there are alternatives .
In the energy crisis of the Seventies ,
relatively simple conservation and efficiency measures , combined with lifestyle
changes , sent world petroleum consumption down by 15 % in a single decade and caused
comparable drops in other energy sources across the industrial world .
Most of
these measures went out the window in the final binge of the age of cheap oil
that followed , so there 's plenty of low hanging fruit to pluck .
That same era
saw a great many thoughtful people envision ways that people could lead
relatively comfortable and humane lives while consuming a great deal less
energy and the products of energy than people in the industrial world do today .
It can be a troubling experience to turn the pages of Rainbook or The Book of the
New Alchemists , to name only two of the better products of that mostly
forgotten era , and compare the sweeping view of future possibilities that
undergirded their approach to a future of energy and material shortages with
the cramped imaginations of the present .
It 's even more troubling to notice
that you can pick up yellowing copies of most of these books for a couple of
dollars each in the used book trade , at a time when their practical advice is
more relevant than ever , and their prophecies of what would happen if the road
to sustainability was not taken are looking more prescient by the day .
The irony , and it's a rich one , is that our collective refusal to follow the
lead of those who urged us to learn how to get by with less has not spared us
the necessity of doing exactly that .
That 's the problem , ultimately , with
driving headlong at a brick wall ; you can stop by standing on the brake pedal ,
or you can stop by hitting the wall , but either way , you 're going to stop .
One way to make sense of the collision between the brittle front end of
industrial civilization and the hard surface of nature 's brick wall is to
compare the spring of 2010 with the autumn of 2007 .
Those two seasons had an
interesting detail in common .
In both cases , the price of oil passed $ 80 a
barrel after a prolonged period of price increases , and in both cases , this was
followed by a massive debt crisis .
In 2007 , largely driven by speculation in
the futures market , the price of oil kept on zooming upwards , peaking just
south of $ 150 a barrel before crashing back to earth ; so far , at least , there 's
no sign of a spike of that sort happening this time , although this is mostly
because speculators are focused on other assets these days .
In 2007 , though , the debt crisis also resulted in a dramatic economic downturn ,
and just now our chances of dodging the same thing this time around do not look
good .
Here in the US , most measures of general economic activity are faltering
where they are n't plunging – the sole exceptions are those temporarily propped
up by an unparalleled explosion of government debt – and unemployment has
become so deeply entrenched that what to do about the very large number of Americans
who have exhausted the 99 weeks of unemployment benefits current law allows
them is becoming a significant political issue .
Even the illegal economy is
taking a massive hit ; a recent NPR story noted that the price of marijuana has
dropped so sharply that northern California , where it's a huge cash crop , is
seeing panic selling and sharp economic contraction .
What 's going on here is precisely what The
Limits to Growth warned about in 1973 : the costs of continued growth have
risen faster than growth itself , and are reaching a level that is forcing the
economy to its knees .
By " costs , " of course , the authors of The Limits to Growth were n't talking
about money , and neither am I .
The costs that matter are energy , resources , and
labor ; it takes a great deal more of all of these to extract oil from deepwater
wells in the Gulf of Mexico or oil sands in Alberta , say , than it used to take
to get it from Pennsylvania or Texas , and since offshore drilling and oil sands
make up an increasingly large share of what we 've got left – those wells in
Pennsylvania and Texas have been pumped dry , or nearly so – these real ,
nonmonetary costs have climbed steadily .
The price of oil in dollars functions here as a workable proxy measure for the
real cost of oil production in energy , resources , and materials .
The evidence
of the last few years suggests that when the price of oil passes $ 80 a barrel ,
that 's a sign that the real costs have reached a level high enough that the
rest of the economy begins to crack under the strain .
Since astronomical levels
of debt have become standard practice all through today 's global economy , the
ability of marginal borrowers to service their debt is where the cracks showed
up first .
In the fall of 2007 , many of those marginal borrowers were homeowners
in the US and UK ; this spring , they include entire nations .
What all this implies , in a single phrase , is that the age of abundance is
over .
The period from 1945 to 2005 when almost unimaginable amounts of cheap
petroleum sloshed through the economies of the world 's industrial nations , and
transformed life in those nations almost beyond recognition , still shapes most
of our thinking and nearly all of our expectations .
Not one significant policy
maker or mass media pundit in the industrial world has begun to talk about the
impact of the end of the age of abundance ; it 's an open question if any of them
have grasped how fundamental the changes will be as the new age of
post - abundance economics begins to clamp down .
Most ordinary people in the industrial world , for their part , are sleepwalking
through one of history 's major transitions .
The issues that concern them are
still defined entirely by the calculus of abundance .
Most Americans these days ,
for example , worry about managing a comfortable retirement , paying for
increasingly expensive medical care , providing their children with a college
education and whatever amenities they consider important .
It has not yet
entered their darkest dreams that they need to worry about access to such basic
necessities as food , clothing and shelter , the fate of local economies and
communities shredded by decades of malign neglect , and the rise of serious
threats to the survival of constitutional government and the rule of law .
Even among those who warn that today 's Great Recession could bottom out at a
level equal to that reached in the Great Depression , very few have grappled
with the consequences of a near - term future in which millions of Americans are
living in shantytowns and struggling to find enough to eat every single day .
To
paraphrase Sinclair Lewis , that did
happen here , and it did so at a time when the United States was a net exporter
of everything you can think of , and the world 's largest producer and exporter
of petroleum to boot .
The same scale of economic collapse in a nation that
exports very little besides unpayable IOUs , and is the world 's largest consumer
and importer of petroleum , could all too easily have results much closer to
those of the early 20th century in Central Europe , for example : that is ,
near - universal impoverishment , food shortages , epidemics , civil wars , and
outbreaks of vicious ethnic cleansing , bracketed by two massive wars that both
had body counts in the tens of millions .
Now you 'll notice that this latter does not equate to the total collapse into a
Cormac McCarthy future that so many people like to fantasize about these days .
I 've spent years wondering why it is that so many people seem unable to
conceive of any future other than business as usual , on the one hand , and
extreme doomer porn on the other .
Whatever the motives that drive this curious
fixation , though , I 've become convinced that it results in a nearly complete
blindness to the very real risks the future is more likely to hold for us .
It
makes a useful exercise to take current notions about preparing for the future
in the survivalist scene , and ask yourself how many of them would have turned
out to be useful over the decade or two ahead if someone had pursued exactly
those strategies in Poland or Slovakia , let 's say , in the years right before
1914 .
Measure the gap between the real and terrible events of that period , on the one
hand , and the fantasies of infinite progress or apocalyptic collapse that so
often pass for realistic images of our future , on the other , and you have some
sense of the gap that has to be crossed in order to make sense of the world
after abundance .
One way or another , we will cross that gap ; the question is
whether any significant number of us will do so in advance , and have time to
take constructive actions in response , or whether we 'll all do so purely in
retrospect , thinking ruefully of the dollars and hours that went into preparing
for an imaginary future while the real one was breathing down our necks .
I 've talked at quite some length in essays about the kinds of
preparations that will likely help individuals , families , and communities deal
with the future of resource shortages , economic implosion , political breakdown ,
and potential civil war that the missed opportunities and purblind decisions of
the last thirty years have made agonizingly likely here in the United States
and , with an infinity of local variations , elsewhere in the industrial world .
Those points remain crucial ; it still makes a great deal of sense to start
growing some of your own food , to radically downscale your dependence on
complex technological systems , to reduce your energy consumption as far as
possible , to free up at least one family member from the money economy for
full - time work in the domestic economy , and so on .
Still , there 's another dimension to all this , and it has to be mentioned ,
though it 's certain to raise hackles .
For the last three centuries , and
especially for the last half century or so , it 's become increasingly common to
define a good life as one provided with the largest possible selection of
material goods and services .
That definition has become so completely hardwired
into our modern ways of thinking that it can be very hard to see past it .
Of
course there are certain very basic material needs without which a good life is
impossible , but those are a good deal fewer and simpler than contemporary
attitudes assume , and once those are provided , material abundance becomes a
much more ambivalent blessing than we like to think .
In a very real sense , this way of thinking mirrors the old joke about the small
boy with a hammer who thinks everything is a nail .
In an age of unparalleled
material abundance , the easy solution for any problem or predicament was to
throw material wealth at it .
That did solve some problems , but it arguably
worsened others , and left the basic predicaments of human existence untouched .
Did it really benefit anyone to spend trillions of dollars and the talents of
some of our civilization 's brightest minds creating high - end medical treatments
to keep the very sick alive and miserable for a few extra months of life , for
example , so that we could pretend to ourselves that we had evaded the basic
human predicament of the inevitability of death ?
Whatever the answer , the end of the age of abundance draws a line under that
experiment .
Within not too many years , it 's safe to predict , only the
relatively rich will have the dubious privilege of spending the last months of
their lives hooked up to complicated life support equipment .
The rest of us
will end our lives the way our great - grandparents did : at home , more often than
not , with family members or maybe a nurse to provide palliative care while our
bodies do what they were born to do and shut down .
Within not too many years ,
more broadly , only a very few people anywhere in the world will have the option
of trying to escape the core uncertainties and challenges of human existence by
chasing round after round of consumer goodies ; the rest of us will count
ourselves lucky to have our basic material needs securely provided for , and
will have to deal with fundamental questions of meaning and value in some less
blatantly meretricious way .
Some of us , in the process , may catch on to the subtle lesson woven into this
hard necessity .
It 's worth noting that while there 's been plenty of talk about
the monasteries of the Dark Ages among people who are aware of the impending
decline and fall of our civilization , next to none of it has discussed , much
less dealt with , the secret behind the success of monasticism : the deliberate
acceptance of extreme material poverty .
Quite the contrary ; all the plans for
lifeboat ecovillages I 've encountered so far , at least , aim at preserving some
semblance of a middle class lifestyle into the indefinite future .
That choice puts
these projects in the same category as the lavish villas in which the wealthy
inhabitants of Roman Britain hoped to ride out their own trajectory of decline
and fall : a category mostly notable for its long history of total failure .
The European Christian monasteries that preserved Roman culture through the
Dark
Ages did not offer anyone a middle class lifestyle by the standards of
their own time , much less those of ours .
Neither did the Buddhist monasteries
that preserved Heian culture through the Sengoku Jidai , Japan 's bitter age of
wars , or the Buddhist and Taoist monasteries that preserved classical Chinese
culture through a good half dozen cycles of collapse .
Monasteries in all these
cases were places people went to be very , very poor .
That was the secret of
their achievements , because when you reduce your material needs to the absolute
minimum , the energy you do n't need to spend maintaining your standard of living
can be put to work doing something more useful .
Now it 's probably too much to hope for that some similar movement might spring
into being here and now ; we 're a couple of centuries too soon for that .
The
great age of Christian monasticism in the West did n't begin until the sixth
century CE , by which time the Roman economy of abundance had been gone for so
long that nobody even pretended that material wealth was an answer to the human
condition .
Still , the monastic revolution kickstarted by Benedict of Nursia
drew on a long history of Christian monastic ventures ; those unfolded in turn
from the first tentative communal hermitages of early Christian Egypt ; and all
these projects , though this is not often mentioned , took part of their
inspiration and a good deal of their ethos from the Stoics of Pagan Greece and
Rome .
Movements of the Stoic type are in fact very common in civilizations that have
passed the Hubbert peak of their own core resource base .
There 's good reason
for that .
In a contracting economy , it becomes easier to notice that the less
you need , the less vulnerable you are to the ups and downs of fortune , and the
more you can get done of whatever it is that you happen to want to do .
That 's
an uncongenial lesson at the best of times , and during times of material
abundance you wo n't find many people learning it .
Still , in the world after
abundance , it 's hard to think of a lesson that deserves more careful attention .
Image by webhamster , courtesy of Creative Commons license .
Mimosa Pale of Finland has created this vulva bike in protest of the world ’s emphasis on the penis and disregard for the vulva and vagina .
Pale invites any city dweller to take a ride in her vagina .
[ via Jalopnik ]
Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa faced a largely hostile media in the post - race press conference .
In scenes reminiscent of the Austria 2002 press conference , when Rubens Barrichello had handed victory to Michael Schumacher , the pair were repeatedly challenged on why Massa had been ordered to gives up his win to Alonso .
Here ’s what was said :
Q. ( Ian Parkes , The Press Association ) Fernando and Felipe , via a coded message it appears that we ’ve just witnessed a clear case of team orders being handed out .
To Fernando , do you feel embarrassed about taking such a win , and to Felipe do you feel angry about having to give up such a win ?
FM : For sure , you always want to win .
That ’s always what we ’re working for .
For sure we do n’t have team orders , so we just need to do the race that we can and if you see that you cannot do the race that you can , you need to think about the team .
I think that ’s the most important thing .
FA : Yeah , same .
What ’s important is the team result , so I ’m happy .
Q. ( Fredrik Af Petersens )
Felipe , you said earlier that you lost out to Fernando on the hard tyres .
How come that after you were passed , that you were doing more or less exactly the same lap times , a couple of times even faster ?
FM : I was pushing hard as well but maybe I think he slowed down , I do n’t know .
He was controlling the pace .
Q. ( Alan Baldwin , Reuters ) Felipe , after this afternoon , do you now think you ’re the number two driver at Ferrari ?
FM : Well , I cannot say that I ’m there fighting for first position in the championship .
I ’ve lost many points , important points , and the only thing I can say is that I know what I can do , I can win races , that ’s what counts and everybody saw today that I can win races and I can be competitive .
For sure , what happened today is something that has happened in many races this year : when I put on the hard tyres I struggle .
This is exactly what happened in the race .
On the soft tyres , I was very strong and then when we went onto the hard , I was struggling again , so there ’s no news about that .
So I know why sometimes I ’m a little bit penalised , it ’s just because of the very hard tyres that we have this year .
I do n’t think it ’s a good thing , to be honest , because you do n’t have strategies any more .
Then also the grip level on hard tyres for me was always a little bit of an issue this year , and most of the races that we used these tyres I was struggling .
And this is another one where I was very good on the soft tyres in the first part of the race , and then we put on the hard tyres and I was struggling again .
It ’s a similar issue that we have had in some races .
Q. ( Livio Oricchio , O Estado de Sao Paulo )
Alonso , in a normal race , do you think you could have overtaken Massa , and Massa , in a normal race do you think Alonso could overtake you ?
FM : Well , I think I was holding in a good way anyway , but the race is long and you always have many laps , so you never know what can happen in 20 laps .
So maybe yes .
FA : Yeah , I think there was one moment also on ( I do n’t know ) which lap it was but we were side - by - side into turn six , especially with the people we were lapping ?
����ǣ always there is a better chance to overtake and even though we did n’t see too many overtakings here today we ’ve seen a lot in the past on this circuit but this year maybe with the new cars etc we did n’t see too many .
Q. ( Ian Gordon , News of the World ) Fernando , you said after Valencia that the race had been manipulated in favour of Lewis .
Those words seem a bit hollow now .
Where will this victory rank in your career , is it up there with Singapore 2008 ?
FA : I think you have a very strong result from Ferrari today , one and two , a very strong performance all weekend and if the final thought of the weekend is your question it ’s because maybe you did n’t see the whole practice , qualifying and the race , so maybe it ’s too early for you that Ferrari came back so strong .
Q. ( Ian Gordon , News of the World ) Team orders are banned in Formula One .
They were banned in 2002 , that was blatant team orders .
FA : Sure .
Q. ( Ian Gordon , News of the World ) Eddie Jordan just said that you two should be kicked out of the race .
FA : Again , if this is the final thought of the weekend for you , I think it is because you did n’t see the performance of the team and the performance from our car this weekend .
Q. ( Juha P ?�?�?�?�talo , Financial Times Germany ) Fernando , I think we all know what happened on lap 48 and we do n’t need any fairy tales about tyres or anything to be clear of that .
I just want to ask you , because in 2006 in Monza you said that Formula
One is not a sport any more for you but was that which we saw today a sport ?
FA : I think we tried to do our race , we tried to do as good as we can .
We are professional drivers , we try to work in a team and we try to do the best we can every day , not only here on the track but also between the races , at the factory etc , preparing the races .
Again , I think we ’ve been doing a good job over the last couple of races and finally we got a strong Sunday with a strong result .
I think we are happy with this , although there are things which are more for you if you want to write all these things .
Q. ( Carlos Miquel , Diario AS ) Fernando , do you feel that some people are worrying because you are back in the championship ?
FA : Maybe it seems like this , yes .
Q. ( Byron Young , The Daily Mirror ) Fernando , what have you got to say to the people who would call this a dirty win and if you win the championship , a dirty champion ?
FA : I have 19 races to … look at the overall races , there are a lot of points that we win sometimes and a lot of points that we lose sometimes .
As I said , today was a good day , some other races were bad days for us , disappointing but as I said before , we need to remain focused , keep working , keep developing the car , not to be too excited when we win , not to be too down when we lose .
In November , ( we need to ) try to be in the fight for the championship , not forgetting that Red Bull has so far been very dominant , not scoring many points on Sunday , or the points that they should have scored on Sunday , but remain very strong and McLaren as well , leading both championships , so there is still a long way to go for us .
Q. ( Byron Young , The Daily Mirror )
The reality is , though , that you could n’t beat him on the track , so you had to get the team to do it for you .
FA : If that ’s your opinion .
Q. ( Byron Young , The Daily Mirror ) I ’m asking you , is that not your opinion ?
FA : No .
Q. ( Byron Young , The Daily Mirror )
He had to give you this win , did n’t he , Fernando ?
FA : No .
Q. ( Ian Parkes , The Press Association ) Fernando , you ’ve said that you ’re happy with this win but to be honest , I ’ve never seen a driver look less happy in the middle of a podium there today , and in the middle of this press conference here .
Why ca n’t you just be honest with us for once , and just admit that this win was handed to you on a plate today ?
SV : Can I go ?
Q. ( Ian Parkes , The Press Association ) Go Sebastian !
Sebastian , give us your thoughts ?
FA : Hopefully the next question is for Sebastian .
No , stay , stay .
As I said , I think we were competitive on Friday , I was very competitive on Friday , first position .
Finishing second in qualifying by 12 centimetres , I heard yesterday and today I think we scored the fastest lap of the race , so overall I do n’t think I was very slow this weekend .
Q. ( Miran Alisic , Korpmedia ) I have a question for Sebastian .
I think you had some not similar but close situations with Mark as well .
Do you feel proud that what has happened at Ferrari today has n’t happened in your team ?
SV : Do n’t you have another question maybe ?
Yeah , maybe they should have crashed .
I do n’t know , I have n’t seen the incident .
I was too far back .
I always saw them going into the hairpin when I was coming out of turn five , so I do n’t know what you ’re all talking about .
I can guess but I do n’t know .
For sure my advice would not be it ’s better to crash because also then you get a lot of questions that you have to answer so …
Yeah , for me I was focusing on my own race and trying to do my thing , trying to stay close enough , trying to get closer , trying to put them under pressure .
It did n’t work , so I ’m not pleased with that .
No matter who you race , it ’s always difficult in Formula
One to pass people and sometimes you have to take a lot of risk .
When you do n’t have to race your team - mate , you ’re racing for the team , both of you , both drivers and on the other hand everyone looks for his own advantage .
We had a couple of situations this year in our team , so it ’s quite a comedy that we are not in focus at this stage but life changes quickly , so ?���?�
It ’s never wise to say anything that you might regret .
Maybe in a week ’s time .
I ’m happy where we are now , as a team .
Again , I can only repeat that from the outside there was more of a fuss made than there was inside .
I can assure you that Mark and myself are always looking to do our best but on top of that , I think we understood many times this year that the team is the main priority and we are racing for the team , in the end .
We do n’t get our cheque from you guys , we get it from the team .
I think that ’s something we always have to respect .
Q. ( Ralf Bach , R & B ) Felipe , you said it was your decision to let Fernando past , so my first question is why did you take this decision , as a racing driver in Formula One , and my second question is do you have any idea why Rob Smedley said sorry to you ?
FM : No . ( Regarding your first question )
As I said , because I was not so strong on the hard , so we need to think about the team .
Q. ( Livio Oricchio , O Estado de Sao Paulo ) Felipe , Rubens damaged his image a lot in Brazil when he did what you did today .
Until now you had the support of the country ; are n’t you worried that now after you did what Rubens did you have deeply damaged your image in Brazil ?
FM : For sure not , for sure not .
I ’m very professional and I ’ve showed in my career how professional I am .
You are professional as well , you work for a company .
I believe you are doing what you have to do , so I ’m professional and today I showed how professional I am .
That ’s it .
Q. ( Tony Dodgins , Tony Dodgins Associates )
Fernando you ’re getting quite a bit of flak but as you say , you ’ve been the quicker Ferrari driver for most of the weekend .
We see it so often that the guy who is second on the grid gets beaten away by the guy who is third .
Is there ever a case for actually asking to reverse the positions on the grid ?
FA : I think there are some circuits where the clean side is an advantage .
There are some circuits where it is not an advantage , for example in Hungary next weekend , it will be crucial to be on the clean side .
There are other circuits like that .
There ’s nothing we can do .
We have a fifty percent chance of being on the clean or dirty side of the grid , unless you are the quickest which secures the clean side .
The only thing we can do is to fight for pole position which allows you to be on the clean side .
If not , I do n’t see any other possibility .
Maybe there should be more distance .
Instead of eight meters , maybe 12 or whatever .
Q. ( Tony Dodgins , Tony Dodgins Associates )
Take today , if you ’d been able to opt to start third instead of second and actually swap places , would you have done it ?
FA : Maybe I would have done a bad start , you never know .
I think it was a good start today , overtaking Sebastian and that was our target today .
You never know .
Q. ( Anne Giuntini , L’Equipe )
To both Fernando and Felipe , we always talk about the show , the necessity of the show in Formula One .
Can you conceive that race lovers and show lovers might be a bit frustrated today ?
FA : Well , I think we try to put on a good show always for people , for spectators but as Felipe or Sebastian said , we work for companies , we work for teams .
Sometimes , as we saw this year , there are crashes between team - mates and the loss of 42 points for the team .
Today Ferrari has 42 in their pocket , so I think it ’s what we are here for .
Q. ( Ted Kravitz , BBC Sport ) Fernando , after the pit stop , when you were behind Felipe , we heard a radio message , it was n’t very clear , but it sounded like you were telling the team guys ‘ think of the victory . ’
Did you say that ?
FA : No .
2010 German Grand Prix
Last week we mentioned Dirty Projectors ’s Dylan cover as part of the Levi ’s Pioneer Sessions .
The Shins ’s James Mercer stopped by Levi’s to produce this cover of Squeeze ’s “ Goodbye Girl ” ( from their 1978 album Cool For Cats ) .
Listen below .
The Shins – “ Goodbye Girl ” ( Squeeze Cover )
Or , you can grab it at Levi ’s ( it ’ll cost you your name , email , etc. ) .
Mercer ’s reasons for covering the track are professional ( Squeeze are great songwriters ) and personal , too :
In the video below , he recalls discovering the band while living in England .
Squeeze ’s founding duo Chris Difford and Glenn Tilbrook announced earlier this year that they would spend the summer writing music for a new Squeeze album , as well as touring the US and the UK .
They ’ll play the Isle of Wight festival this weekend .
The ACTA treaty and negotiations raise significant concerns for individual civil liberties .
Such liberties threatened are : the right to privacy , the right to participate in democratic process , the right to fair use of digital media , and the right to access the Internet , which should be a fundamental right guaranteed by law as it is in Finland .
These rights are being threatened while the governments of many nations meet with corporate interests behind closed doors , ignoring the very people whom it affects the most .
Rose Sidman
Boy , is it a scorcher !
Do n't think I 've seen one like this since the summer of ' 49 .
You know , at my age , I can feel pretty faint just sitting here , all alone in my stuffy , poorly ventilated apartment .
Better brew a pot of coffee , take my blood pressure medication , and …hey , wait a minute .
Advertisement
Oh , shit .
I 'm going to be one of the poor fucks who dies in this heat wave , are n't I ?
Well , that 's just fantastic .
Every time a week of triple - digit temperatures rolls around , there 's a half dozen sad sonsofbitches who succumb to the heat , and this time I 'm gonna be one of them .
I know it .
Six oldsters at a nursing home , a couple babies , some middle - aged dad jogging up bleachers , and me .
How did I not see this coming ?
Advertisement
Yup .
I 'm totally screwed .
Hold on .
Maybe this heat is just making me delirious .
I should look for warning signs before I panic .
Low mobility , check .
History of cardiac problems , check .
Old , check .
No regular schedule of visitors , so no one will notice I 'm gone — oh , for Pete 's sake , I 've even dead - bolted the front door already .
Advertisement
I refuse to be one of those pathetic heatstroke victims .
Not me .
Although , I do have a habit of sucking on hard candy instead of drinking water , but that 's only because when my blood sugar gets low I become easily disoriented and oh my God , I 'm dead fucking meat .
I can't believe that a week from now , some news anchor is going to cut to footage of my building with an ambulance parked out front , which I 'll be inside of , baked like a Cornish game hen .
It 's humiliating .
I used to pity those " Heat Wave Claims 7 " people when I read about them in the paper .
Then I 'd usually have to lie down due to my hypertension .
Advertisement
You'd think that would have tipped me off .
No , no , I can beat this .
Ol ' Rosie 's got a few summers in her yet !
All I 've got to do is drive my car to …
Okay , I 'll just call one of my children who still lives near …
I 'm sure the neighbors I 've never met and who never hear me make any noise will …
Advertisement
I 'm a goner .
So there goes any chance of dying with dignity , resting comfortably in my bed surrounded by friends and family .
No , I 'm going to be one of those schmucks taken down by the weather .
Peachy .
I 'm about to have the distinct honor of leaving this earth slumped over a kitchen chair near the only window I could muster the strength to pry slightly open .
Advertisement
Nothing left to do now but spread some decent obituary photos out on the credenza so I do n't look like a total idiot in the newspaper .
That , and wait for this heat to kill me .
It 's times like this that my husband Denny , God rest his soul , would know just what to do .
He 'd never let me die in a heat wave .
I can almost see him now , offering me his hand and beckoning me into the cool , white light .
And my friend Gladys is there beside him .
My , my , look at her sundress !
And , is that — Rusty ?
Oh , good boy , Rusty !
Good boy .
You 'll lead me to some water , wo n't you ?
Advertisement
I 'm so thirsty , Rusty .
So tired and thirsty .
Transcript :
hamhock : so , what 's the first adventure ?
tyr : I 'dl ike to lay waste to a troll village .
hamhock : tyr , this is a city .
there are no trolls .
tyr : oh , well , an ogre camp will do .
hamhock : no ogres , tyr. tyr : Well , can we find some place that does n't deserve to exist , and destroy it for the good of mankind !!
hamhock :
There 's a hardee's .
tyr : Die , defilers of taste !!
Image caption Polanski has now reportedly left his chalet in the Swiss Alps
Authorities in Switzerland have decided not to extradite film director Roman Polanski to the US to face sentencing for a case dating back to 1977 .
Polanski , aged 76 , has been under house arrest in his Swiss chalet since December 2009 pending the decision .
The filmmaker is wanted in California over a conviction for unlawful sex with a 13 - year - old girl .
The US was " deeply disappointed " with the decision , a senior justice department official said .
Los Angeles District Attorney Steve Cooley 's office , which had sought to have Polanski returned to Los Angeles , was also expected to issue a formal statement shortly .
After the Swiss ruling , Polanski paid " massive thanks " to his supporters .
" I simply want , from the bottom of my heart , to thank all those who supported me and tell them today of my great satisfaction , " the Polish - born French filmmaker said in a statement released to the AFP news agency by his lawyer Herve Temime .
Polanski also reportedly left his luxurious Alpine chalet in the resort of Gstaad for an unknown destination .
' National interests '
Earlier on Monday , Swiss Justice Minister Eveline Widmer - Schlumpf said " the measures taken to restrict the freedom of Mr Polanski have already been lifted , the electronic tag has been removed " .
The great Franco - Polish director will from now on be able to rejoin his friends and family and work fully on his artistic projects Bernard Kouchner , French Foreign Minister
The justice ministry said that the US authorities had failed to provide confidential testimony about Polanski 's original sentencing procedure .
" The reason for the decision lies in the fact that it was not possible to exclude with the necessary certainty a fault in the US extraditionary request . "
Polanski was originally charged with six offences including rape and sodomy over the 1977 case .
In 1978 , he pleaded guilty to unlawful sex following a plea bargain .
He served 42 days in a US prison .
He has always maintained he was promised a short sentence , but he fled the US after hearing rumours that the judge was about to re-sentence him for a much longer term .
He has never returned to the US .
On Monday , the Swiss said that the US authorities simply had not clarified the issue of length of sentence and therefore had not made a convincing case for extradition .
The justice ministry added that that national interests were taken into consideration in the decision .
A Swiss official said the US cannot appeal the decision .
' Overjoyed '
Polanski was taken into custody in Switzerland in September last year as he travelled from France to collect a lifetime achievement award at the Zurich Film Festival .
Polanski , whose films include Rosemary 's Baby and The Pianist , was moved from prison and placed under house arrest at Gstaad in early December .
Polanski's wife , French actress Emmanuelle Seigner , said she was overjoyed at the decision .
She said : " It is with great pleasure that I have just learned of my husband 's release .
For me and for my children it is the end of a nightmare that has lasted more than nine months .
" I am really looking forward to being able to make plans and to once again have a normal family life , especially with my children , who did not deserve this suffering , " she added in a statement .
Polanski's release was also welcomed by French politicians and artists .
" The great Franco - Polish director will from now on be able to rejoin his friends and family and work fully on his artistic projects , " French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said .
The Polish foreign ministry also welcomed the Swiss decision .
Police : Malvo is not believable
Post staff writer Tom Jackman covered the sniper shootings in 2002 and was the lead writer covering Lee Boyd Malvo 's trial in 2003 .
Here is his reporting on Malvo 's latest interview :
Convicted sniper Lee Boyd Malvo , in a telephone interview with actor William Shatner , now claims he and John Allen Muhammad shot 42 people during their rampage in 2002 — a claim that those who investigated the case say is ridiculous .
Malvo ’s latest version of his actions , which began in February 2002 in Tacoma , Wash . , and ended with 10 murders in the Washington region in October 2002 , are scheduled to air Thursday night on A&E to kick off a new series , “ Aftermath With William Shatner , ” in which the former “ Star Trek ” star revisits high - profile cases .
Malvo .
( AP File Photo )
“ I think Malvo ’s full of crap , ” said Lt. Bruce Guth , the Fairfax County homicide detective who headed the task force that helped convict Malvo of capital murder in 2003 for his role in the 10 local slayings .
“ He ’s changed his story at least five or six different times . ”
Guth noted Thursday that in Malvo ’s first interrogation , with Fairfax detectives after his arrest in October 2002 , Malvo took credit for doing most of the D.C. area shootings .
“ Then , when his attorneys and psychiatrists got to him , Muhammad was doing the shootings , ” Guth said .
Guth said producers of the show told him that Malvo had admitted for the first time to doing a shooting along Route 1 in Northern Virginia .
Police in Fairfax and Alexandria both scoured their files for any unsolved shootings along the highway prior to Malvo ’s arrest , and could n’t find one , Guth said .
Malvo , now 25 , also made differing claims , both to Shatner and forensic psychiatrist Neil Blumberg , that he and Muhammad had co-conspirators .
But the co-conspirators either backed out , were shot and killed by Malvo , or shot and killed by Muhammad , according to the versions Malvo offered Shatner and Blumberg , according to a news release about the show from A&E .
Blumberg said Thursday that he had agreed with A&E not to discuss his interviews with Malvo until after the show aired .
Paul B. Ebert , the Prince William County commonwealth ’s attorney who prosecuted Muhammad and worked with the sniper task force , said there was no evidence of any co-conspirators , and “ it was as intense an investigation as I ’ve ever seen , ” with local and federal agencies working the case nationwide .
“ I do n’t think there ’s much credence to his claim of 40 - something murders , ” Ebert said Thursday .
“ Any unsolved shooting was looked at .
Maybe a couple slipped through the cracks , but not many . ”
Malvo is serving life without parole at Red Onion State Prison .
He was 17 at the time of the shootings and his arrest , and a jury in Chesapeake , Va. , declined to impose the death penalty sought by Fairfax prosectors .
Police ultimately connected Malvo and Muhammad to 22 shootings around the country , 15 of them fatal .
Muhammad was executed in November for his role in the slayings .
At Malvo ’s trial , Blumberg testified on behalf of the defense theory that Malvo was insane at the time of the shooting , diagnosing him with dissociative disorder .
Blumberg also testified that even though Malvo had confessed to police that he had been the main shooter , he disavowed those claims in jail , and said he only claimed to be the shooter to protect Muhammad .
Instead , Malvo told Blumberg he only shot a woman in Tacoma , Wash . , and Conrad Johnson in Montgomery County , two places where juveniles were not eligible for the death penalty , as they were in Virginia at the time .
Malvo more recently has admitted he and Muhammad shot Jerry Ray Taylor , 60 , on a golf course in Tucson in March 2002 , while the pair were making their way across the country , a sniper - style shooting investigators had long suspected was committed by Muhammad and Malvo .
Their whereabouts for most of 2002 were fairly well documented by investigators , which would not seem to leave a lot of time for dozens of previously unattributed shootings .
In September 2002 , the pair committed three non-fatal shootings in Maryland , then headed south where they allegedly committed homicides in Georgia , Alabama and Louisiana .
Malvo ’s fingerprints on a magazine left at the scene in Alabama ultimately connected him and Muhammad to the shootings that followed .
For the first time , Malvo adds a new twist , according to A&E ’s press release -- that three other people were involved .
Malvo “ claims that the three extra snipers were going to use silenced rifles to create terror along the entire Eastern Seaboard , ” A&E writes , “ but they eventually backed out of the plan , which , according to Malvo ’s forensic psychiatrist Dr. Blumberg , resulted in Muhammad commanding Malvo to kill two of them for not following through . ”
The release adds , “ Blumberg elaborates on what Malvo confesses , and according to him , there was a co-conspirator in New York who provided weapons , one in Florida who provided credit cards and false documents and a third in Arizona who provided explosives . ”
Blumberg said the release accurately characterized his contribution to the show .
Guth said there was no evidence of co-conspirators .
Guth said that Malvo was “ a convicted serial killer who ruined a lot of lives , and a lot of people have trouble believing anything he says .
It seems everything he does is self - serving .
I do n’t believe a word he says . ”
A&E , and Malvo ’s original lead attorney Craig Cooley of Richmond , did not immediately return calls for comment .
-- Tom Jackman
The American Family Association denounced Fayetteville 's Pride Parade in a press release yesterday .
Mayor Lioneld Jordan and the city council has received hundreds of e-mails from the group 's supporters asking the mayor to drop his proclamation .
 Strong words from an evangelical Christian advocacy group are not enough to temper Mayor Lioneld Jordan ’s support for a gay pride parade set to roll Saturday in Fayetteville .
The American Family Association , based in Tupelo , Miss. , denounced Jordan ’s endorsement of the parade and the gay rights message it represents .
The group also wanted the parade ’s permit revoked , said Don Marr , Jordan ’s chief of staff .
“ We call on Mayor Lioneld Jordan of Fayetteville to cancel his plans to issue a proclamation celebrating homosexual behavior and Gay Pride , ” wrote Tim Wildmon , association president , in a statement .
“ There is nothing about homosexual conduct to be proud of , and much to be ashamed of . ”
Jordan said he has no plans to alter his endorsement of the gay pride event .
Association supporters bombarded the mayor ’s office with several hundred e-mails Wednesday afternoon , city officials confirmed .
Many did not seem to be from Fayetteville residents , they said .
“ Even if I get 1,000 letters , ” Jordan said , “ my decision is made . ”
Jordan earlier said as long as he held the office of mayor , he planned to represent all of Fayetteville .
Kyle Cook , an alderman from Ward 2 , in central Fayetteville where the parade will take place , said he stands behind the free speech the parade and its opposition represents .
“ The American Family Association has a right to their comments , and the gay pride folks have a right to their parade , ” said Cook .
Bobby Ferrell of Ward 3 in northeast Fayetteville , limited his comments to , “ The mayor has taken his position , and that ’s his prerogative . ”
Ferrell would not say whether he endorsed the gay pride parade .
“ The mayor , I ’m sure , is making the right decision , ” said Shirley Lucas , an alderwoman from Ward 4 covering west Fayetteville .
She said she ’d received only one call about the parade , and the caller favored it .
“ It ’s fine with me .
I agree with the mayor . ”
The association also took issue with the parade organizers ’ decision to have Will Phillips , a 10 - year - old West Fork boy , serve as grand marshal in the parade .
In October , Phillips gained national attention when he declined to stand in his classroom for the Pledge of Allegiance .
He said he would continue to do so until everyone in the United States is treated equally .
The association likened the boy ’s role to child abuse , according to the statement .
“ He ’s obviously just parroting the nonsense he ’s been told by manipulative adults , ” Wildmon added .
Bryan Fischer , issues analyst for the association , said gay rights are complex issues that involve marriage , adoption and , not the least of which , sexuality .
Children are generally not equipped to make decisions on these topics , he said .
“ We just feel that the 10 - year - old boy is being exploited for political purposes , ” Fischer said Thursday .
“ This boy ’s too young to understand all of that .
He ’s been brainwashed and indoctrinated for this dark political purpose . ”
Jay Phillips , the boy ’s father , said the parade is an event his family has always participated in , and the parade ’s overarching message of equality and respect is universal , regardless of age .
“ Even if Will was n’t being honored in this manner , by people we ’ve known for years I might add , we would be in this parade as we will be in next year ’s , ” Phillips said .
Phillips also took issue with the associationa ’s tactics .
“ The AFA is a national group who has slandered our community , my family , and has tried to bully our locally elected leaders , and I am disappointed to see them attempt to use my son to further their interests , ” he said .
“ They do n’t know the town , they do n’t know the people , they do n’t even know my son ’s name . ”
Will Phillips was misidentified in the association ’s news release as Will Marshall .
“ There were just three calls that came from people in Fayetteville against it ( the pride parade ) , said Lindsley Smith , city communication director .
“ Most Fayetteville calls have been in favor of it , and all of the other calls are from people outside of Fayetteville , including out of state . ”
Smith said the city did not plan to dedicate staff time to an analysis of where each e-mail came from .
The NWA Pride Parade is organized by a private group that does not receive public money .
The Fayetteville Advertising and Promotion Commission gave the NWA Center for Equality — a registered nonprofit group — $ 4,000 to promote and advertise gay pride events this month .
The parade does not fall under that organization ’s purview ; the promoted events included the parade .
A member of the NWA Center for Equality said the controversy is disappointing but not entirely unexpected .
“ Things are expected .
I was a little shocked when I found out about it , ” said James Rector .
However , he was comforted the opposition is not necessarily coming from Fayetteville .
“ I think that the values of Fayetteville , for the most part , are open to diversity , ” Rector said .
“ Equality should n’t be controversial , ” said Smith , who is also a Democratic state representative for Arkansas House District 92 , which includes Fayetteville .
Smith has been a constant advocate for gay and women ’s rights issues .
Generally honest but frequently secretive ; rigorous in their dealings with fellow scientists but often " unhelpful and defensive " , and sometimes downright " misleading " , when explaining themselves to the wider world .
That was the verdict of Sir Muir Russell and his fellow committee members in their inquiry into the role of scientists at the University of East Anglia in the " climategate " affair .
Many will find the report indulgent of reprehensible behaviour , particularly in peer review , where CRU researchers have been accused of misusing their seniority in climate science to block criticism .
Brutal exchanges in which researchers boasted of " going to town " to prevent publication of papers critical of their work , and in which they conspired to blacklist journals that published hostile papers , were dismissed by Russell as " robust " and " typical of the debate that can go on in peer review " .
In the event , the inquiry conducted detailed analysis of only three cases of potential abuse of peer review .
And it investigated only two instances where allegations were made that CRU scientists such as director Phil Jones and deputy director Keith Briffa misused their positions as IPCC authors to sideline criticism .
On the issue of peer review and the IPCC , it found that " the allegations cannot be upheld " , but made clear this was partly because the roles of CRU scientists and others could not be distinguished from those of colleagues .
There was " team responsibility " .
The report is far from being a whitewash .
And nor does it justify the claim of university vice - chancellor Sir Edward Action that it is a " complete exoneration " .
In particular it backs critics who see in the emails a widespread effort to suppress public knowledge about their activities and to sideline bloggers who want to access their data and do their own analysis .
Most seriously , it finds " evidence that emails might have been deleted in order to make them unavailable should a subsequent request be made for them [ under Freedom of information law ] " .
Yet , extraordinarily , it emerged during questioning that Russell and his team never asked Jones or his colleagues whether they had actually done this .
Secrecy was the order of the day at CRU .
" We find that there has been a consistent pattern of failing to display the proper degree of openness , " says the report .
That criticism applied not just to Jones and his team at CRU .
It applied equally to the university itself , which may have been embarrassed to find itself in the dock as much as the scientists on whom it asked Russell to sit in judgment .
The university " failed to recognise not only the significance of statutory requirements " – FOI law in particular – and " also the risk to the reputation of the university and indeed the credibility of UK climate science " from the affair .
The university has responded by abolishing the role of director of CRU , held by Jones until last November .
Indeed CRU itself has lost its former independence .
Acton said Jones would now be " director of research " for CRU , working within the university environment department .
News Archive
Predictions of Coal , CO2 Production Flawed Says Latest Research
July 22 , 2010
The CO2 emission estimates used for government policy decisions assume unlimited coal and fossil fuel production for the next 100 years , an unrealistic premise which skews climate change models and proposed solutions , says new research published by Tad Patzek , chair of the Petroleum and Geosystems Engineering Department at The University of Texas at Austin .
Based on widely accepted studies predicting coal production will peak and decline after 2011 , Patzek warns climate change predictions should be revised to account for this inevitable peak and decline .
His research appears in the internationally peer - reviewed journal , Energy .
“ Governments worldwide are basing their policy decisions on the uninterrupted increase of coal and oil production worldwide , ” says Patzek .
“ These policy decisions will be inherently in error , and will lead to expensive and false technological solutions . ”
Under the 40 different U.S. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) scenarios , Patzek found 36 of the 40 scenarios predicted future carbon production and CO2 emissions at today ’s rate of coal production .
Credible forecasts of coal production , by contrast , predict a 50 percent reduction over the next 50 years .
“ Most of the IPCC scenario writers accepted the common myth of 200 –400 years of coal supply , and now their “ eternal ” ( 100 years plus ) growth of carbon dioxide emissions in turn is a part of the commonly accepted social myth , ” says Patzek .
“ It seems , therefore , that the present attempt to inject some geophysics into the debate will be an uphill battle . ”
Patzek evaluated the accuracy of each of the 40 IPCC scenarios based on diminishing coal and fossil fuel resources .
His full report was published in the August issue of Energy , The International Journal with co-author , Dr. Gregory Croft , who was Patzek ’s last Ph.D. student at the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering at the University of California , Berkeley .
“ The IPCC carbon estimates , which are used by all major decision makers , are based on economic and policy considerations that appear to be unconstrained by geophysics , ” says Patzek .
“ The value of our approach is that it provides a reality check on the magnitude of carbon emissions . ”
The paper provides a physical model of historical and future production of coal worldwide .
The model demonstrates that despite enormous coal deposits globally , coal production rates will decline , because the deposits show increasing inaccessibility and decreasing coal seam thickness , according to the research .
“ The current global hysteria around carbon capture and sequestration is leading to desperately poor government policies , ” says Patzek .
“ For instance , large - scale subsurface sequestration of CO2 will decrease power plant efficiency by up to 50 percent .
The same resources could be spent more wisely on increasing U.S. coal - fired power plant efficiency by 50 percent from the current 32 percent . ”
Archaeologists explain how flint tools and other artefacts found on the Norfolk coast reveal how the first Britons lived .
Video : Nature Nature Video
A spectacular haul of ancient flint tools has been recovered from a beach in Norfolk , pushing back the date of the first known human occupation of Britain by up to 250,000 years .
While digging along the north - east coast of East Anglia near the village of Happisburgh , archaeologists discovered 78 pieces of razor - sharp flint shaped into primitive cutting and piercing tools .
The stone tools were unearthed from sediments that are thought to have been laid down either 840,000 or 950,000 years ago , making them the oldest human artefacts ever found in Britain .
The flints were probably left by hunter - gatherers of the human species Homo antecessor who eked out a living on the flood plains and marshes that bordered an ancient course of the river
Thames that has long since dried up .
The flints were then washed downriver and came to rest at the Happisburgh site .
The early Britons would have lived alongside sabre - toothed cats and hyenas , primitive horses , red deer and southern mammoths in a climate similar to that of southern Britain today , though winters were typically a few degrees colder .
" These tools from Happisburgh are absolutely mint - fresh .
They are exceptionally sharp , which suggests they have not moved far from where they were dropped , " said Chris Stringer , head of human origins at the Natural History Museum in London .
The population of Britain at the time most likely numbered in the hundreds or a few thousand at most .
" These people probably used the rivers as routes into the landscape .
A lot of Britain might have been heavily forested at the time , which would have posed a major problem for humans without strong axes to chop trees down , " Stringer added .
" They lived out in the open , but we do n't know if they had basic clothing , were building primitive shelters , or even had the use of fire . "
The discovery , reported in the journal Nature , overturns the long - held belief that early humans steered clear of chilly Britain – and the rest of northern Europe – in favour of the more hospitable climate of the Mediterranean .
The only human species known to be living in Europe at the time is Homo antecessor , or " pioneer man " , whose remains were discovered in the Atapuerca hills of Spain in 2008 and have been dated to between 1.1 m and 1.2 m years old .
The early settlers would have walked into Britain across an ancient land bridge that once divided the North Sea from the Atlantic and connected the country to what is now mainland Europe .
The first humans probably arrived during a warm interglacial period , but may have retreated as temperatures plummeted in subsequent ice ages .
Until now , the earliest evidence of humans in Britain came from Pakefield , near Lowestoft in Suffolk , where a set of stone tools dated to 700,000 years ago were uncovered in 2005 .
More sophisticated stone , antler and bone tools were found in the 1990s in Boxgrove , Sussex , which are believed to be half a million years old .
" The flint tools from Happisburgh are relatively crude compared with those from Boxgrove , but they are still effective , " said Stringer .
Early stone tools were fashioned by using a pebble to knock large flakes off a chunk of flint .
Later humans used wood and antler hammers to remove much smaller flakes and so make more refined cutting and sawing edges .
The great migration from Africa saw early humans reach Europe around 1.8 m years ago .
Within 500,000 years , humans had become established in the Mediterranean region .
Remains have been found at several archaeological sites in Spain , southern France and Italy .
In an accompanying article in Nature , Andrew Roberts and Rainer Grün at the Australian National University in Canberra , write : " Until the Happisburgh site was found and described , it was thought that these early humans were reluctant to live in the less hospitable climate of northern Europe , which frequently fell into the grip of severe ice ages . "
Researchers led by the Natural History Museum and British Museum in London began excavating sites near Happisburgh in 2001 as part of the Ancient Human Occupation of Britain project and soon discovered tools from the stone age beneath ice - age deposits .
So far , though , they have found no remains of the ancient people who made them .
" This would be the ' holy grail ' of our work , " said Stringer .
" The humans who made the Happisburgh tools may well have been related to the people of similar antiquity from Atapuerca in Spain , assigned to the species Homo antecessor , or ' pioneer man ' . "
The latest haul of stone tools was buried in sediments that record a period of history when the polarity of the Earth 's magnetic field was reversed .
At the time , a compass needle would have pointed south instead of north .
The last time this happened was 780,000 years ago , so the tools are at least that old .
Analysis of ancient vegetation and pollen in the sediments has revealed that the climate was warm but cooling towards an ice age , which points to two possible times in history , around 840,000 years ago , or 950,000 years ago .
Both dates are consistent with the fossilised remains of animals recovered from the same site .
" Britain was getting cooler and going into an ice age , but these early humans were hanging in there .
They may have been the remnants of an ancient population that either died out or migrated back across the land bridge to a warmer climate , " said Stringer .
A few others in his line of work , however , look set to achieve his dream of making it to Europe - courtesy not of the people smugglers ' boats , but of the multinational anti-piracy force charged with tackling them .
That is the extraordinary story that has unfolded in recent weeks in Room 35 of the maximum security court building in Rotterdam , where five Somali pirates , dressed in borrowed clothes and looking variously confused , bored and cheerful , have sat in front of a judge , lawyers and a contingent of armed policemen .
It is fair to say they are not the most formidable buccaneers of their time ; they were arrested by a Danish warship after a crewman on the freighter they tried to hijack set their skiff ablaze with a well - aimed petrol bomb .
They are , however , assured a place in pirate folklore .
After being picked up they were taken to the Netherlands , where they are the first pirates to stand trial in Europe in living memory .
The Netherlands , which brought the case because the warship , the Samanyolu , was registered in the Dutch Antilles , hopes it will show that the West is serious about the Somali piracy problem .
It is prosecuting the men for attempted '' sea robbery ' ' , under laws first drafted in the 17th century .
But the problem is that , 300 years on , the official message that piracy is a mug 's game is somewhat less clear than it used to be .
After all , back in the days of sail , when pirates were last a serious threat to maritime commerce , official thinking was quite literally of the ' ' hanging 's too good for ' em ' ' school .
At the old Admiralty court in London , for example , pirates would drop from a rope that was cut deliberately too short to break their necks .
After slowly asphyxiating - and doing a grisly leg - thrash known as the marshal 's dance - their bodies would be taken to a gibbet , and displayed as decaying , maggot - riddled warnings to others .
By contrast , when the Rotterdam case finished yesterday , the worst they received was five years in a comfortable Dutch prison , where each will have a private cell complete with television , lavatory and shower .
Prosecutors asked for a seven - year sentence , but the judge said he took into account the difficult conditions in Somalia that led the men to piracy .
Once they are freed , moreover , they will be able to apply to stay in the Netherlands - the very chance that my old acquaintance Fraisal used to dream of .
Small wonder , then , that those in the dock in Rotterdam have begun to think that things have n't worked out quite so badly after all .
'' When I first spoke to my client , he said being here was like heaven , '' Willem - Jan Ausma , a lawyer who represents Farah Ahmed Yusuf , 27 , said .
'' For the first time in his life he did n't feel he was in danger , and he was in a modern prison with the first modern lavatory and shower that he'd ever had . ''
The case is just one illustration of the difficulties the West is having in posing any real deterrent to Somalia 's pirate armadas , which continue to terrorise shipping in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean .
Since the problem first began escalating in 2008 , an international fleet of warships has been patrolling the waters off Somalia , policing a ' ' safe transit corridor ' ' and advising ships on how to take evasive measures .
Yet the chance to share in a multimillion - dollar ransom ensures there is a never - ending influx of desperate people willing to join the pirates ' ranks .
Attempted hijackings went up to 217 last year , nearly double the 111 recorded in 2008 , and while a smaller proportion of them were successful - roughly one in four last year , compared with one in three the year before - an estimated 200 sailors still languish as hostages .
On Friday , the Eastern European crew of the British - flagged Asian Glory were freed after six months in captivity following the payment of a ransom .
As I sat in the public gallery of the court in Rotterdam recently , I wondered whether I was that impartial an observer .
The face of one defendant bore a passing resemblance to one of my own captors , and when I heard about the crew fending them off with a petrol bomb , I almost muttered a cheer .
All the same , listening to the pirates ' defence , it was clear how little most of them felt that they had to lose .
Like many other men from the dirt - poor fishing communities that dot the Somali coast , they turned to piracy after rumours swept their villages about the multimillion - dollar ransoms that could be gained .
While their testimony has at times seemed exaggerated - one claimed that Somalis ate their children through hunger - all five claim to have been simply ordinary family men looking to put food on the table .
'' I would not have done this if I had n't had so much trouble of my own , '' said Abdirasaq Abdullahi Hirsi .
'' Before I was arrested , 18 people depended on me .
They now have no home or food or family to fall back on . ''
For all their concerns about their extended families , none now seem keen to return home .
Instead , all five have asked to remain in the Netherlands , and to bring their families to join them upon release from jail .
The court told them that they are here to '' answer for their crimes ' ' rather than seek asylum .
Mr Ausma points out that the Netherlands , like Britain , deems Somalia too dangerous to repatriate people to .
'' When it is not possible to send them back to their own country , the judge will just have to set them free , like thousands of other Somalis who are here already , '' he said .
Lenient though their treatment may be , however , the ' ' Rotterdam Five ' ' have at least seen the inside of a courtroom .
The vast majority of pirates being apprehended by the international naval force never even get close , thanks to the controversial '' catch and release ' ' policy , under which only those caught directly in the act of hijacking are generally taken into custody .
Others simply have their weapons confiscated and are told to go on their way .
The justification is that prosecutions in foreign courts are too time - consuming and expensive , and that it is more practical simply to disrupt the pirates ' activities .
But critics in the shipping industry , which has paid out nearly $ 200 million ( $ 232 million ) in ransoms in the past two years , have likened it to catching an armed robber on the way to a bank and letting him off with a caution .
Until recently , one alternative had been to take the pirates to Kenya , which undertook to try suspects arrested by Britain and other nations .
Eight pirates detained by a Royal Navy vessel were recently jailed there for 20 years , and most diplomats agree that an African prison is likely to be more of a deterrent than a Dutch one .
But in April , the Kenyan government announced it would not be accepting any more , amid concerns about overloading the system and the fallout of becoming the ' ' Pirate Guantanamo Bay ' ' .
Which means that people like my old friend Fraisal will no doubt continue to find piracy an attractive career option , offering as it does fairly reasonable odds in the lottery of life .
If they do n't get a share in a multimillion - dollar ransom , the worst they risk is a slap on the wrist from a foreign navy .
Or - if they are really lucky - the chance to start a new life in Europe .
As I left the court , I could n't help wondering whether the Rotterdam Five might prove to be the luckiest pirates on the high seas - and whether , one of these days , I might get that knock on the door from Fraisal .
Telegraph , London , and AAP
Zounds .
No swirl - lightning - number - exclamation !
Some stuff has happened recently which has forced me to examine the topic of swearing .
It 's something I 've actually had to give quite a bit of thought to , both in deciding the tone of this site ( my mom now reads it … ) and in examining how to interact with the lovely people I encounter in my life .
Here 's the thing : I like swearing .
I think " bad words " add to the richness of our linguistic landscape .
My life is made better through profanity .
Actually , that 's testably and verifiably true according to several studies ( most recently this one , but this is also notable ) .
In addition to pain relief and stress abatement , swearing , used properly , can create a sense of camaraderie , can be an instant humor boost ( again , I said used properly – used badly it can easily kill humor ) , and can be a very effective zealot repellant .
Beyond that , however , it 's just nice to have certain words which are strong enough to instantly evoke powerful reaction .
Sometimes you just want to elicit a specific response or make your audience understand the gravity of what you 're discussing without having to get too verbose .
I do n't care who you are , saying " I cannot overstate the enormity of the moose we saw … it was gargantuan " will never match " We saw this HUGE FUCKING MOOSE ! "
This does not mean that I 'm ok with any words used any time .
I am not a fan of abusive language .
That stance is , however , much less about the language , and more about the fact that I 'm simply not a fan of abuse .
Thus , I pretty much never use epithets of race , gender , sexuality , or physical or mental disability .
Well , actually that 's not true .
I will use certain words of abuse as terms of endearment when I am totally confident that they wo n't be misinterpreted .
But that 's a dangerous game and I 've seen many instances where someone felt " in " enough to use an epithet without offense , only to find that they definitely were n't ( why are so many white guys so desperate to be able to be able to use the N word ?
It 's pathetic , really ) .
I also believe in respect and propriety .
Not to the extent that many people wish I believed in them , but I do believe in them .
I will not , for the most part , curse in somebody 's church ( well , not loudly enough to be heard , anyway ) or in front of people who I believe do not have a modern understanding of these words ( old folks ) .
I use swearing to add emphasis and color - I rarely wish to offend .
By the same token , however , I will not hold back from swearing just because somebody has decided that they 're going to take offense .
If the context is not offensive , objecting to a little mildly colorful language is arbitrary enough that I feel no need to show deference .
But my duck likes to sit in a ditch …
All of my stances on profanity are colored by the fact that I live in Mormonland .
Though Salt Lake City proper is quite liberal and predominantly non-Mormon ( meaning the Mormons only account for , say 40 % of the population as opposed to 70 - 90 % in the rest of the State ) , you still can't drop an f - bomb without some poor Mo taking some shrapnel .
The Mormons . . . y' know what ?
I 'm going to stop myself here and rein in the sweeping generalization I was about to make ( meaning I will still make a sweeping generalization - I just wo n't sweep quite as far ) .
I need to differentiate between Utah Mormons and non-Utah Mormons .
Utah Mormons ( or Utards as they are sometimes known around here ) are a unique breed .
They have all the quirks of Mormonism , but are so insulated from the rest of the world that they are completely unaware of the fact that they are considered a weird fringe religion ( they were shocked when the Country was worried about a Mo candidate for president - they thought everybody would love the idea ) .
[ Author 's note : I see the irony of me using the epithet " Utard " just two paragraphs after declaring my opposition to abuse .
What can I say - I 'm a complicated person ]
[ Author 's other note : Or maybe I 'm just an asshole ]
Anyhoo , the Utards are extremely sensitive to the swears .
They seem to take it personally - like you 're attacking their beliefs to say these words in their presence .
Case in point : my girlfriend 's sister .
She 's a lovely , intelligent , artistic woman , but she so hates to hear the word fuck that she 's weeded herself out of seeing some amazing films just to avoid that word .
And she loves film .
This is the stupid false dilemma of the profanity - averse .
Here 's the deal ( and I see this as emblematic of a much larger issue ) : like many religious people , the Utards have trouble seeing the difference between something that is culturally less acceptable , and something that is religiously forbidden .
Everything is black and white .
You 're either doing the right thing or you 're sinning .
There is no room for things that some do n't like , but that are still fine ( see Utah liquor laws ) .
The problem with that is that if all actions are simply put into category a or category b , it makes everything in each category the same .
Thus , when you swear , you are committing a sin , and sin is sin .
To be fair , folks believe in a hierarchy of sin , so it 's not like anyone 's equating it to , say , beating up an old lady or something .
But the fact that anyone thinks that swearing –
English swearing , that is– is a sin is fucking absurd .
" English swearing ? " you may ask …
" Why would you single out English swearing as being less likely to be sinful ? "
Anyone know what " jeffin " is ?
I 'm so glad you asked !
You see , English swearing is n't even swearing , in the true sense of the word .
" Swearing " used to refer to taking an oath , and the reason it was deemed offensive is that people would swear in the names of holy people .
That , at least , I can understand people getting worked up about as a sin .
Someone in Shakespeare 's time would say " Now , by Saint Ann , I 'll kill you for that ! " or " Set down that wench or I 'll flog you , by Jove . "
( Jove was a name they used for god ) .
That was some strong language .
[ Clarification :
As someone calling themself " Marimba Ani " in the comments points out , Jove was actually a reference to the Greek god Jupiter .
However , the reason Elizabethans would use Jove was because it was illegal to invoke the christian god in print or on stage , so Jove became a useful stand - in .
Why the hell would Elizabethans care about Jupiter ? ]
In modern English , very few of our " swear " words are remotely religious in nature .
As a matter of fact , they 're almost entirely " nature " in nature .
Our naughty words are about bodily functions , not divine personages .
Pooping and sex and whatnot .
Its not even profanity in the true sense of the word .
The fact is that religious people should be way more offended by phrases like " by Jove " or " by George " ( referring to Saint George ) or " Jeeze " ( short for Jesus ) or any of a number of quaint - sounding anachronisms than by shit or fuck .
Even seemingly innocuous words like gee , heck , gosh and darn all have holy derivations .
As a matter of fact , the only commonly used phrases I can understand religious folks really having trouble with are " God damn " and " Jesus Christ " used as exclamatory utterances .
And I admit that it could be argued that there 's something slightly off about an atheist like me appropriating religious phrasing to add salt to my dialogue .
However , for better or worse , these phrases have fallen into the domain of the culture at large .
Nobody actually thinks I 'm talking about somebody 's savior when I shout " Jesus Christ " after hitting my thumb with a hammer .
We all own these phrases now , and as long as they are useful , we 'll keep on using them .
The truth is that the whole reason I 'm writing this screed is that I 'm annoyed .
I 'm annoyed when someone objects to something and they do n't really know why .
I 'm annoyed when social norms are based on bullshit religion , especially when it flies in the face of reason .
But most of all I 'm annoyed because I really like my girlfriend 's family , and I want to just hang out with them without being on my guard all the time .
I want to be able to watch movies with them without becoming hyper - aware that they 're wincing every time somebody says " shit " .
I just want them all to FUCKING RELAX !
FUCK !
An astronomer says a bright spiralling light spotted in the sky by people across eastern Australia was probably a satellite , space junk or a rocket .
The UFO was seen moving through the sky just before Saturday 's sunrise in New South Wales , Queensland and the ACT .
ABC News Online has received dozens of emails , pictures and videos from those who claim to have witnessed the huge white light .
Some described it as a " lollipop - type swirl " .
Others say it hovered for a while before gradually moving in an eastern direction until it was out of sight .
Those who saw the object say photos do not reflect how large it actually was .
Geoffrey Whyatt from the Sydney Observatory says it was probably a satellite , space junk or a rocket .
" The fact that you 've got the rotation , the spiral effect , is very reminiscent of the much widely reported sightings from Norway and Russia last year , which both turned out to be a Bulava missile which was being adjusted in its orbit , " he said .
" So possibly a rocket , I would say , having some sort of gyroscopic stability rocket fired on its side . "
Mr Whyatt says it is a rare phenomenon .
" The first I saw of the spirals was last year when they were reported in Norway and then a few days later in Russia , " he said .
" The Norway one was very spectacular because of its symmetrical appearance .
" But the one this morning and the one in Russia bear a striking similarity of being the same effects from a rocket trying to be controlled or adjusted . "
A privately - owned rocket launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida on its first test flight is believed to be responsible .
But Doug Moffett from UFO Research NSW says he has a few problems with this theory .
" Firstly , the time of the launch was 18.45 GMT , which translates to 4.45 am EST , the duration of the flight was 9 minutes 38 seconds - this is a full hour before the reported sightings , " he said .
" Secondly , where was the glow from the boosters or from the friction created by the craft moving through the atmosphere , where was the tail of the rocket ?
" Thirdly , why would anyone launch a rocket on a maiden test flight with a trajectory that would take it over the most heavily populated parts of Australia ?
" And how big must this rocket have been to be seen so clearly , at the same time , over such a vast distance ? "
' Like a bright star '
Canberra resident James
Butcher says he was driving home from a night out with his brother when they spotted the " strange spiral light in the sky " .
" It had a distinct bright centre , much like a bright star , indicating an object shedding light trails , spiralling and fattening out from it , " he said .
" The effect lasted only two or three minutes , moving and descending quickly out of view .
" The colour was yellowish but this may have been blurred and tinted by the morning fog . "
Wollongong man Eddie
Wise says he also saw the light during his morning walk just before 6:00 am .
He says he has never seen anything like it .
" It was like a yellowish , greenish light with a light spiral around it , " he said .
" It sort of moved around , bobbed up and down and then it went behind a cloud .
" I 'm just amazed .
I want to know what it was . "
A caller to the ABC , Robyn , says she saw the phenomenon from her home on Sydney 's north shore just before 6:00 am .
She says it was over within two minutes .
" There was this white light up in the sky like a huge revolving moon , " Robyn said .
" At first I thought it was the moon but it was travelling so fast , high up above the eastern horizon and twirling as it went .
" It was just amazing and to be quite frank , I was quite frightened and my heart 's still pounding . "
' Lollipop - type swirl '
A number of people from Morayfield and Caboolture in Queensland have reported that they too saw a white light in the sky about 5:50 am .
" It was just the one light .
I just came home from my walk and I happened to look up in the sky , and here it was racing across the sky , " Linda told 612 ABC Brisbane .
" I bashed on the window for my husband to have a look and he flew out .
" It was spectacular . "
Linda described the light as like a lollipop swirl .
She says the light came from the west and was headed east , out to sea .
" It was just unreal .
There was a cloud in the sky - just this light with a swirl in the middle , " she said .
Peter , from Balmoral , says he saw the light while he was on a ferry terminal on the Brisbane River .
" It certainly had that lollipop - type swirl ... but it was travelling low and fairly fast , and as it went past me and I looked up , it looked like a row of lights , maybe four lights , " he said .
Denise , at Pine Mountain , told ABC radio in Brisbane that she saw the lights shortly before 6:00 am .
" I got up at about 5:45 to let my horse out of his stable ... and I saw this coming from a north - west direction towards the south - east , " she said .
" There was no noise .
It was like bands of ribbon coming out of it and it looked like it was coming through a cloud , yet there were no clouds . "
Did you see the UFO ?
Send us your pics .
UNITED NATIONS
Ã¢â‚¬â€ 
The UN General Assembly on Wednesday recognized access to clean water and sanitation as a human right , a move hailed by water advocates as a momentous step toward a future treaty .
After more than 15 years of contentious debate on the issue , 122 countries voted in favor of a compromise Bolivian resolution enshrining the right , while the United States , Britain , Canada , Australia and 37 other nations abstained .
ADVERTISEMENT
The non-binding text “ declares the right to safe and clean drinking water and sanitation as a human right that is essential for the full enjoyment of the right to life . ”
It expresses deep concern that 884 million people lack access to safe drinking water and that more 2.6 billion do not have access to basic sanitation .
It notes that roughly two million people die every year from diseases caused by unsafe water and sanitation , most of them small children .
And it points to the pledge made by world leaders in 2000 as part of the poverty - reduction Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) to reduce by half , by 2015 , the proportion of people without sustainable access to safe drinking water and sanitation .
The resolution urges states and international organizations to provide financial and technological assistance to help developing countries “ scale up efforts to provide safe , clean , accessible and affordable water and sanitation for all . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This is a historic day for the world , a big step in the right direction ” toward the distant goal of a water treaty , Canada ’s leading water activist Maude Barlow told AFP .
“ It is going to mean a huge amount to our movement around the world , to local community groups fighting for water rights , water justice against governments , corporations which are not respecting their rights . ”
Barlow , a former senior adviser to the UN General Assembly on the water issue , said some wealthy countries abstained out of fear “ that they are going to be asked to pay the price tag ” or that the resolution would give “ tools to their own people to use against them . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
She welcomed the fact that major countries such as China , Russia , Germany , France , Spain and Brazil backed the resolution .
Of her country ’s abstention , she said : “ We are terribly disappointed . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
She said Canada ’s conservative government wants the right to sell water .
“ They know that if they say it is a human right it will be a contradiction to want to turn it into a commodity , ” she added .
The resolution also welcomes the Geneva - based UN Human Rights Council ?s request that Portugal ’s Catarina de Albuquerque , the UN Independent Expert on human rights obligations related to access to safe drinking water , report annually to the General Assembly as well .
ADVERTISEMENT
De Albuquerque ’s report is to focus on the key challenges to achieving the right to safe and clean drinking water and sanitation , as well as on progress towards the relevant MDGs .
Germany ’s UN Ambassador Peter Wittig also hailed the resolution , although he said he would have preferred language with “ a clearer message on the primary responsibility of states to ensure the realization of human rights for all those living under their jurisdiction . ”
And he disagreed with those member states that voiced concern about the impact of the resolution on the Geneva process led by de Albuquerque .
“ We see the resolution as a complement to the ongoing process on water and sanitation in Geneva , ” he noted .
1 2 next »
Software : What Exactly Can be Copyrighted ?
by Glyn Moody
One of the many arguments against allowing patents for software ( alongside the principle argument that software is made up of algorithms , which are essentially mathematics , which is pure knowledge and hence is not patentable ) is the fact that software is anyway covered by copyright law .
This means that others cannot simply copy your code , just as a novelist cannot simply copy large chunks of someone else 's writing .
But whether copyright law prevents others from copying the underlying ideas of that code by re-implementing them independently is another matter .
That is precisely the issue at stake in an important case that has just been heard in the English courts .
Interestingly , the two parties concerned – SAS Institute Inc. and World Programming Ltd ( WPL ) – take different views as to the result of that case , as their respective press releases indicate .
Here 's WPL 's view :
In a legal battle described as ‘ David v Goliath ’ by industry insiders , SAS Institute claimed that WPL's use of the SAS Learning Edition product when developing its own World Programming System ( WPS ) language interpreter software was a breach of terms of use and infringed its copyright .
In a High Court verdict handed down today , Friday 23 July , Mr Justice Arnold rejected SAS 's claim that WPL 's drop in ‘ clone ’ of the SAS System infringes the copyright in the SAS system or the copyright in SAS 's Manuals .
In addition , European law protected WPL from breach of SAS ’s licence terms where WPL used the SAS Learning Edition to observe , study and test its programming functions when it developed WPS .
Following previous UK case law and the EU Software Directive , the judgement reasoned that copyright protects the source code of the SAS system as a literary work which WPL had not copied and that replicating the functions of software , however complex and at whatever level of detail , is not an infringement of copyright .
Here 's SAS 's take :
Today the High Court of Justice handed down a ruling that World Programming Ltd. ( WPL ) infringed software developer SAS Institute Inc. ’s copyright in its SAS documentation .
The court also found that WPL acted outside the scope of its license agreement for SAS Learning Edition software by using that product to develop WPL ’s World Programming System ( WPS ) software .
The court referred questions to the European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) for clarification on whether such use was permitted .
SAS makes two points here .
The first is the court 's decision that WPL infringed on the copyright in its documentation , which WPL concedes they lost :
The only area in this large and complex case where the judgement went against WPL was that Mr Justice Arnold ruled that the wording of one of the WPS user manuals was too close to the wording of SAS 's user manuals although he accepted that WPL 's management had policies in place to avoid this happening .
WPL will now withdraw and re-write that manual in the light of the findings in the judgement , but this has no impact on WPL 's customers or on WPL 's ability to supply WPS or support its customers .
WPL is rather more dismissive of the other point , which is actually quite important :
Thanks to the clarity and depth of the court 's reasoning , the UK now leads Europe in the interpretation of the EU Computer Software directive .
The court will now refer its judgement to the European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) for that court to confirm its interpretation of the directive at European level .
Whilst a judgement of the ECJ may be three years away , the UK judgement opens the way for WPL to continue innovating and opening new markets .
The result of that eventual ECJ ruling , which could still go either way , will have huge implications for software in Europe – not least free software .
That 's because the issues that this case raises really go to the heart of what can and cannot be protected in software through copyright .
Next :
The judgement
1 2 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-1046015
Spot - fixing , or fancy - fixing , is not new .
It has been around for as long as results of entire matches have been being fixed , but only those who were involved in it , bookies and players , knew of it at the time .
" Fancy - fixing " is the term bookies themselves use for it .
Focusing on small events within games rather than entire games themselves gained prominence when the heat of match - fixing got to be too much for bookies .
All kinds of bets are placed under this kind of fixing .
Generally the more popular ones are session bets , where in a 50 - over ODI , bets are placed on how many runs will be scored or how many wickets will fall in a 15 - over session .
There are clever ways to manipulate this and maximise your profits if players are involved .
For example , if the original bet is for , say , 60 runs in the first 15 overs , the openers can hit a few early boundaries , drive the run-rate up and make that target seem unfeasibly low .
This changes the odds in the market and the batsmen will then manipulate the run-making so that the score after 15 overs is one that will be of most benefit to the bookie financially .
I have seen this happen in international games , in big tournaments .
Strong teams , for example , make huge scores of 100 - plus in the first 15 against other strong teams , but against minnows they struggle to 60 - odd .
I remember a game where one side got to 82 for 0 after 12 overs and ended on 87 after 15 - which just does n't seem right .
From what I know , some cricket matches have been scripted , like movies or plays , where it is decided that so many runs are to be scored in the first session of a Test , or how many in a certain over , and so on .
There are also all kinds of other events bookies will take bets on .
Just about any event you can think of - and cricket has so many - is open to spot - fixing ( see sidebar ) .
The problem is that you could end up suspecting every incident in every match , because theoretically any of them could be fixed .
For an idea of the lengths that bookies go to , consider that I have heard in some cases of bookies backing a certain player , making sure that he does well in games ( by paying his opponents to fail ) and thus helping him become captain and getting him on their books .
Spot - fixing : the basics
What is spot - fixing ?
Spot fixing is about getting players / officials to act in a specified predefined manner at a particular time or during a particular session of a match , with or without adversely affecting the overall outcome of the game .
It is also known as micro - fixing or fancy - fixing .
What kinds of events does spot - fixing target ?
Anything from the ordinary to the bizarre can be the focus of spot - fixing .
Who will win the toss , which umpire will stand at which end of the wicket , how many players will be wearing sunglasses , how many times the wicketkeeper will take the bails off in an innings , which bowler will come on first change , when the new ball will be taken .
All of these and any number of other similar ( and at times very silly ) aspects can become the subject matter of both legal and illegal bets .
If a fixer has prior information relating to a predetermined occurrence during a specific period or session of a match , he can make a killing and happily share a part of the booty with the player / official who is his accomplice .
What is session betting ?
Each innings of 50 overs in an ODI is divided into three sessions of 15 , 15 and 20 overs each .
For each session , bets are accepted on permutations and combinations involving runs scored and wickets taken , and more marginal aspects along the lines of those mentioned above , such as , for instance , how many wide balls will be bowled in a particular session .
In recent times both legal and illegal bookkeepers have started offering odds on session betting .
Thus the number of options for betting in a six - session ODI are multiplied many times - as opposed to just betting on the outcomes at the end of the match .
What kind of inside information do bookies look for to help with spot - fixing ?
Bookies and punters are always looking for inside information , especially information emanating from dressing rooms : the condition of the pitch , the team composition , who will open the batting , injuries - anything that may impact a specific session of the match or events within , or the final outcome .
The players in their innocence or ignorance , or in connivance , may share such inside information .
To me , it started with horse - racing , where the jockey controls the horse and so can influence results , but so many sports are on TV now - tennis , football , F1 - and bookies gravitate towards sports that are popular .
These days there is n't a single match , especially a limited - overs game from anywhere in the world , that you need miss : all of them , from Australia , England , West Indies , India and Pakistan , are being shown on some TV channel somewhere .
That means some bookie somewhere is interested in making money off the game , and if he is really interested he will contact a player .
At the domestic level , how do you stop it ?
Some countries like England or Australia may have systems in place to control this , but others do n't .
Even in England now there are problems in county cricket .
You look at some of the financial equations of big sporting clubs , cricket included .
They pay huge amounts in salaries or transfer fees and they run on losses .
How do they recoup that money ?
Is there not an opportunity there for a bookie , or a network , to step in ?
I honestly do n't think it can be stopped , because it is very difficult for those who have n't played the game to figure out which events are fixed and which are n't .
I do n't think the ICC has been able to perform its duty to its fullest extent .
The Anti-Corruption Unit ( ACSU ) is spending a lot of money but we have not seen any audit report or results for it .
You can stop contact at one level between players and bookies , but outside of the match and touring environment , how can you police it ?
I think the administration has become complacent in cracking down on fixing .
In June 2003 during an ICC meeting held in London I suggested that a dummy match should be staged to spot the people involved in match - fixing , and I said that would help me provide them with solid information regarding bookmakers in Dubai , Mumbai and Karachi .
But that offer was turned down .
Currently the ACSU hires former army and police officials .
I suggest that people from Test - playing countries who understand and who have been vocal about this malpractice should be engaged .
I am not saying that I should be hired , but former players do have an idea about the history of players from their respective countries .
Another suggestion would be to increase the involvement of local government and police authorities in each member country .
They are better placed to know how these syndicates work and how they approach cricketers .
I know the ICC does involve them to some extent , but this should be on a deeper level .
Ultimately , though , it depends on the players themselves .
Every sportsman wants to secure his future , as no one can be guaranteed of a place in the side long - term .
So when he is offered a sum of money that could equal his accumulated earnings of the next five years , naturally it will tempt him .
If a player is selfish , he will be trapped , and in my view and experience , a top player is more selfish than an untalented one .
The Desktop Revolution in Worker Protection
Sometimes anarchists are asked , without a government , who will stop employers from treating their workers badly ?
The answer is , we will .
Conventional unions have been in decline for years , and labor laws — such as they are — are generally notable for their lack of enforcement .
But if employers laugh at unions and labor regulations , one thing they ’re seriously afraid of is public exposure and embarrassment .
If you ’re in a workplace without a union , the bosses probably think they hold the whip hand over you .
Your employer ’s public image and good name may be the only leverage you ’ve got over him .
But it ’s a doozy .
The most effective form of labor action in recent years , arguably , has been networked public pressure campaigns and boycotts .
A good example is the Imolakee Indian Workers ’ successful boycott against Taco Bell and a long list of other fast food chains , which resulted in a high - profile settlement .
Another is the Wal - Mart Workers ’ Association , which has repeatedly forced local Wal - Mart stores to back down on labor issues in the face of public embarrassment .
Among other things , some local managers were forced into hasty retreats and stammering “ clarifications ” in the face of negative publicity over so - called “ open availability ” policies , which required workers to be on call 24 / 7 in order to get their hours in .
Most recently , the United Farm Workers organized a boycott campaign against Giumarra Vinyards for what appeared to be a deliberate attempt to reenact the Bataan Death March ( e.g. , threatening to fire the slowest worker every day and then watching grape pickers race each other in hundred - degree heat , which predictably resulted in deaths from heat stroke ) .
Here ’s a little secret : public picketing , distribution of flyers , and boycotts do n’t require a certified union local in the workplace in question to be effective .
And if workers in that place win the sympathy and solidarity of a national labor advocacy group like WWA , the employers can’t fire the latter for embarrassing them .
Neither can they fire the reporters who show up at picket sites to see what all the hubbub ’s about .
Back in the Nineties , when networked activism was just in its formative stages , Rand analysts David Ronfeldt and John Arquilla did a study on the global support network for the Zapatistas .
This organization , and subsequent networked movements for which it was the protype , are quite proficient at “ swarming ” corporations and government agencies with more public letters , emails , and phone calls than they can cope with — not to mention subjecting them to publicity comparable in effect to a magnifying glass on an anthill .
It ’s essentially the same thing the Industrial Workers of the World , or Wobblies , traditionally called “ open mouth sabotage ” : exposing the bosses ’ dirty laundry to the public .
And it ’s fiendishly effective .
In his thesis , Steve makes projections of future oil , coal , and natural gas production , using approaches he developed that consider both supply and demand for each of these three fuels .
He makes these estimates assuming three levels of reserves : low estimate , best estimate , and high estimate .
In his analysis , natural gas is the fuel that offers the biggest future potential for energy supply , not coal .
Steve Mohr is a young man who recently received his Ph. D. in Chemical Engineering at the University of Newcastle in Australia .
His Ph. D. thesis is titled Projection of World Fossil Fuel Production with Supply and Demand Interactions .
We published an article of Steve 's earlier , called Forecasting Coal Production Until 2010 .
Projection of World Fossil Fuel Production with Supply and Demand Interactions
Historically , fossil fuels have been vital for our global energy needs .
However climate change is prompting renewed interest in the role of fossil fuel production for energy .
In order to plan appropriately for our future energy needs , a new detailed model of fossil fuel supply is required .
It is critical to know whether fossil fuels will continue to be able to supply most of our energy requirements and meet the ever increasing energy demand in the future .
This knowledge is essential for identification of possible periods of energy shortage so that alternative energy resources can be utilised in a timely fashion .
The aim of this study was to develop a model to predict fossil fuel production for the long term based on historical production data , projected demand , and assumed ultimately recoverable reserves for coal , gas and oil .
Also , climate change is an important issue confronting society and it is hoped that the work contained in this thesis will aid climate change modeling by focusing attention on realistic fossil fuel production projections .
The modelling applied an algorithm - based approach to predict both supply and demand for coal , gas , oil and total fossil fuel resources .
Total fossil fuel demand was calculated globally , based on world population and per capita demand ; while production was calculated on a country - by - country basis and summed to obtain global production .
Notably , production over the lifetime of a fuel source was not assumed to be symmetrical about a peak value like that depicted by a Hubbert curve .
Separate production models were developed for mining ( coal and unconventional oil ) and field ( gas and conventional oil ) operations , that reflected the basic differences in extraction and processing techniques .
Both of these models included a number of parameters that were fitted to historical production data , including : ( 1 ) coal production in New South Wales , Australia ; ( 2 ) gas production from the North Sea , UK ; and ( 3 ) oil production from the North Sea , UK and individual states of the USA .
The combined supply and demand model included the capability that demand and production could be influenced by each other , i.e. if production could not meet demand then future demand for that energy source was reduced .
In this study , three options were considered .
Firstly , the STATIC option resulted in demand and production acting independently of each other at all times .
Secondly , the DYNAMIC option allowed both fossil fuel demand and all fossil fuel production to change from the STATIC situation when there was a difference between the two .
Finally , the INDEPENDENTLY DYNAMIC option was an extension of the DYNAMIC situation , but treated each fuel source individually when applying the supply and demand interaction , with both demand and production able to vary .
The model required estimates of Ultimately Recoverable Resources ( URR ) for coal , gas and oil , where the following definitions were used for each resource :
(1) Coal : anthracite - lignite ;
(2) Gas : conventional and unconventional ( tight , shale and coal bed methane ) ;
(3) Oil : conventional ( API > 10o ) and unconventional ( natural bitumen , extra heavy oil , oil shale ) .
Following a critical review of the literature , included in this study , three cases were adopted .
CASE 1 and CASE 3 being lowest and highest recent estimates , respectively , and CASE 2 being the author 's best guess based on the information available .
The URR values for CASE 2 were , total ( 60,800 EJ ) , coal ( 19,350 EJ ) , gas ( 17,680 EJ ) and oil ( 23,780 EJ ) .
The supply and demand model was used to obtain future predictions for individual and total fossil fuel production for a number of different scenarios , including CASE 1 , CASE 2 and CASE 3 and STATIC , DYNAMIC and INDEPENDENTLY DYNAMIC supply and demand interaction options .
The following results were obtained :
Coal : For CASE 2 ( based on the author ’s best informed guess of URR ) , peak production year remained constant at 2019 for STATIC , DYNAMIC and INDEPENDENTLY DYNAMIC options , with peak production varying only marginally between 212 - 214 EJ/y .
Similarly , for CASE 1 ( based on the lowest recent URR estimate ) , peak production year was the same at 2014 for all three demand - production interaction options .
However , for CASE 3 ( highest recent URR estimate ) , there was some variation in the peak production year at 2020 , 2019 and 2030 for STATIC , DYNAMIC and INDEPENDENTLY DYNAMIC options respectively .
Of interest also , was the projected peak in Chinese production , accounting for well over a third of the total production , occurring between 2010 and 2018 , which compares with reported literature values in the range of 2015 - 2033 .
Gas : For CASE 2 ( URR best guess ) , peak production year varied from 2028 , 2047 and 3034 for STATIC , DYNAMIC and INDEPENDENTLY DYNAMIC options , respectively .
The corresponding peak production outputs were 145 , 157 and 143 EJ/y .
For CASE 1 ( lowest URR ) , peak production year varied from 2019 , 2033 and 2026 , respectively , for the production interaction options .
For CASE 3 ( highest URR ) , the peak year range was much narrower , varying between 2060 and 2062 .
The overall range of between 2019 - 2062 , was much wider than that reported in most of the literature of 2020 ± 10 years .
While it was found that the production of unconventional gas was considerable , it was unable to mitigate conventional gas peaking .
Oil : For CASE 2 ( URR best guess ) , peak production year remained almost constant at 2011 - 12 for STATIC , DYNAMIC and INDEPENDENTLY DYNAMIC options , with peak production varying only marginally between 179 - 188 EJ/y .
Similarly , for CASE 1 ( lowest URR ) , peak production year was the same at 2005 for all three supply and demand interaction options .
For CASE 3 ( highest URR ) , peak production year varied only slightly at 2019 , 2011 and 2016 for STATIC , DYNAMIC and INDEPENDENTLY DYNAMIC options , respectively .
The important outcome was that , of all scenarios , the latest peak year was 2019 .
Winnebago Man : The Documentary
Posted by Pete Berg on Thursday , May 27th , 2010 at 1:18 pm
The super popular YouTube clip “ Winnebago Man ” ( where the foul - mouthed and tempermental Jack Rebney continually screws up his lines for a Winnebago infomercial ) has been turned into a feature - length documentary !
I ca n’t wait to see this .
Yet another case of a YouTube sensation being turned into a much larger piece .
Here is the trailer :
Here ’s the original video that we all know and love :
Image caption Sutcliffe was never formally given a minimum term
Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe will never be released from prison , a High Court judge has ruled .
An application was made by the 64 - year - old to have a minimum term set to give him the chance of parole .
The former Bradford lorry driver received 20 life sentences in 1981 for murdering 13 women and attempting to murder seven others .
Richard McCann , whose mother Wilma was murdered by Sutcliffe , described the ruling as a " small victory for my mum " .
Speaking outside the Royal Courts of Justice , Mr McCann , added : " We have been fearing this moment for many years - the fear that he might get released . "
In making his judgement Mr Justice Mitting said : " This was a campaign of murder which terrorised the population of a large part of Yorkshire for several years . "
He added : " Apart from a terrorist outrage , it is difficult to conceive of circumstances in which one man could account for so many victims .
" Those circumstances alone make it appropriate to set a whole life term . "
The serial killer , now known as Peter Coonan , is detained at Broadmoor high - security psychiatric hospital in Berkshire .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa
Toth talks about the night she survived an attack by Sutcliffe
When he was jailed , a judge recommended that he served a minimum of 30 years behind bars .
He used a hammer to attack his first victim on 5 July 1975 .
Sutcliffe is said to have believed he was on a " mission from God " to kill prostitutes - although not all of his victims were sex workers .
He was dubbed the Yorkshire Ripper because he mutilated his victims ' bodies using a hammer , a sharpened screwdriver and a knife .
He has spent nearly all his years in custody at Broadmoor after being diagnosed as mentally ill , but refused treatment until 1993 when the Mental Health Commission ruled it should be given forcibly .
Analysis
The decision to impose a whole of life term means that , as things stand , Peter Sutcliffe ( now Coonan ) will never be released .
Mr Justice Mitting considered the key issue of ' diminished responsibility ' .
The jury at the original trial in 1981 rejected the proposition that Sutcliffe 's paranoid schizophrenia diminished his responsibility for the killings .
The judge today affirmed that he could not override the jury 's decision , and so was not able to take that issue into account in setting Sutcliffe 's minimum term .
The only possibility of release would depend on a further legal challenge .
Sutcliffe 's legal team could appeal and argue that diminished responsibility should be taken into account in assessing the minimum term .
Alternatively , they could apply to the Criminal Cases Review Commission arguing that the original trial amounted to a miscarriage of justice .
The issue of diminished responsibility would again be the key ground .
A judge recently refused to allow fresh psychiatric evidence , which said he posed a " low risk of reoffending " to be admitted as part of the tariff - setting exercise .
In making his ruling , Mr Justice Mitting said he had read statements by relatives of six murdered victims .
" They are each moving accounts of the great loss and widespread and permanent harm to the living caused by six of his crimes , " he said .
" I have no doubt that they are representative of the unspoken accounts of others who have not made statements .
" None of them suggest any term other than a whole life term would be regarded by them as appropriate . "
The main submission made on behalf of Sutcliffe was that the degree of his responsibility " was lowered by mental disorder or mental disability " .
The judge said a psychiatrist report stated Sutcliffe had been on anti-psychotic medicine since 1993 , which had successfully contained his mental illness .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Richard McCann , son of Yorkshire Ripper victim : " I 'm so relieved "
But he said he did not accept that any reduction from a whole life term would be appropriate on the ground of " exceptional progress " .
The husband of one of Sutcliffe 's surviving victims , Olive Smelt , who was attacked as she walked home in Halifax in 1975 , said the ruling was the correct decision for Sutcliffe 's own good but that they rarely thought about the killer now .
Mrs Smelt , 81 , was hit twice on the head with a hammer and needed brain surgery but later made a full recovery .
Harry Smelt said : " I think it 's as well for him that he does have to remain in . "
" Olive is severely disabled now and wheelchair - bound - the last thing she worries about is Peter Sutcliffe , " he added .
Opioids act by binding to opioid receptors on neurons distributed throughout the nervous system and immune system .
Four major types of opioid receptors have been identified : mu , kappa , delta , and the more recently identified OFQ/N .
These receptors are the binding sites for several families of endogenous peptides , including enkephalins , dynorphins , and endorphins .
These endogenous peptides regulate and modulate several important functions , including the following :
Pain
Stress
Temperature
Respiration
Endocrine activity
Gastrointestinal activity
Mood
Motivation
Understanding the role of endogenous peptides allows us to understand why medications and drugs that bind to opioid receptors have such profound effects on so many organ systems and bodily functions .
The mu opioid receptor subtype
More than 20 clinically available medications bind opioid receptors .
Most of these are prototypical mu receptor full agonists ( capable of producing a maximal response at mu receptor subtypes in opioid - sensitive systems ) , and are associated with the following constellation of effects :
Pain relief
Mood alteration ( often producing euphoria and decreased anxiety )
Respiratory depression ( can cause death in overdose )
Decreased gastrointestinal motility ( can cause constipation )
Cough suppression
Suppression of corticotropin - releasing factor and adrenocorticotropin hormone
Pinpoint pupils ( miosis )
Nausea , vomiting , pruritis ( less common )
Almost all abused opioids are prototypical mu agonists .
The euphoria associated with mu receptor activation is often termed a high .
Moreover , when opioids are injected or inhaled , levels in the brain rise rapidly , causing a rush or thrill .
The rush is a brief , intense , usually pleasurable sensation , which is followed by a longer - lasting high .
When opioids are used chronically , tolerance and physical dependence occur .
Over time , those with physiologic dependence often try to avoid unpleasant withdrawal symptoms rather than seeking the pleasurable sensations associated with initial use of opioids .
Structural brain changes
Short - term opioid use has been associated with gray matter changes in patients with chronic pain .
In a small , placebo - controlled study , long - term gray matter changes correlated with the dose of morphine after only one month of use , with some changes persisting when remeasured an average of 4.7 months later . [ 7 ]
Potential for abuse
Mu receptor agonists with rapid onset of action and short half - lives have the greatest potential for destructive addictive behaviors , as addicted individuals get immediate reward followed by noticeable withdrawal symptoms .
For example , heroin typically produces the following destructive behavioral pattern :
Intravenous ( IV ) injection causes a rapid high followed , within hours , by unpleasant withdrawal symptoms .
These unpleasant symptoms cause the addicted individual to engage in extremely destructive and often illegal behaviors to obtain more heroin .
This cycle repeats itself endlessly until the individual can no longer access heroin .
Mu receptor agonists with delayed onset of action and longer half - lives , such as methadone , cause dependence without necessarily causing the same destructive cycle to occur .
Methadone can be used once daily , and can be obtained legally .
Once tolerance develops , methadone has little impact on mood , judgment , and psychomotor skills .
Therefore , methadone can be used to replace drugs associated with more destructive lifestyles ( maintenance therapy ) .
In 2014 , the FDA announced that extended - release and long - acting ( ER / LA ) opioid pain relievers should be restricted for use only in the management of severe pain that requires daily , around - the - clock treatment because alternative treatments were inadequate .
Labels added include warnings , which state that long - term maternal use of ER / LA opioid pain relievers could result in potentially fatal neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome .
One of the drugs approved in 2014 was hydrocodone bitartrate , an extended - release formulation with abuse - deterrent properties , designed to be hard to crush , break , dissolve , or prepare for injection . [ 8 ]
These announcements were made in an effort to combat the epidemic of addiction and fatal overdoses associated with opioid abuse . [ 9 ]
In 2016 , the CDC released final recommendations for prescribing opioids for chronic pain to combat the epidemic of prescription overdoses .
The primary recommendation states that opioids should not be first - line treatment for chronic pain .
Health care providers should first consider nonopioid pain relievers or nonpharmacological options .
Other recommendations include conducting a urine test before opioid therapy , starting at the lowest dose possible and avoiding doses of 90 morphine milligram equivalents ( MME ) or more , prescribing immediate - release as opposed to longer - acting opioids , and limiting treatment for acute pain to usually no more than 7 days . [ 10 ]
Maintenance therapy
Buprenorphine is a partial agonist at the mu receptor ( it can only partially activate the receptor ) .
Therefore the intensity of mood alteration induced by buprenorphine plateaus , and users do not generally feel the rush or intense high they feel when using other opioids .
This has been termed a ceiling effect .
Fortunately , buprenorphine ’s partial agonism is sufficient to prevent cravings and withdrawal symptoms .
Therefore , like methadone , buprenorphine can be used to replace other more destructive opioids via maintenance therapy .
Buprenorphine also binds extremely tightly to the mu receptor .
This tight binding prevents other opioids from accessing the mu receptor , in turn preventing a user from getting high on other opioids .
Moreover , buprenorphine ’s binding is so strong that it displaces other opioids from mu receptors .
Therefore , if buprenorphine is taken while a patient has significant serum levels of another opioid , the patient will rapidly experience withdrawal symptoms as the other opioid is displaced from receptors .
The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration ( SAMHSA ) recommends the induction phase of buprenorphine be preceded by 12 to 24 hours of opioid abstinence in order to avoid the acute withdrawal symptoms caused by the displacement of opioid agonists from mu receptors . [ 11 ]
Mechanisms of tolerance and withdrawal
Mechanisms of tolerance and withdrawal include but are not limited to the following :
In response to long - term exposure to relatively high doses of exogenous opioids , cells internalize their mu and delta opioid receptors .
Therefore , increased opioid levels and / or increased opioid potency are necessary to generate the same effect on fewer receptors ( tolerance ) .
Similarly , once the exogenous opioids are removed from the system , the remaining endogenous opioids are unable to sufficiently activate the small number of remaining receptors ( withdrawal ) .
Intracellular second - messenger systems mediating the activity of opioid receptors are down - regulated in the presence of high levels of potent exogenous opioids .
Therefore , even the few remaining opioid receptors cannot generate the response they were capable of prior to the administration of exogenous opioids .
Down - regulated second messengers include G- proteins and adenylyl cyclase / cAMP .
Acute tolerance can be mediated by changes in the phosphorylation patterns of mu and delta opiod receptors .
Mechanism of long - term potential for relapse
One of the most insidious features of opioid addiction is the tendency to relapse on the drug even weeks , months , or years after those addicted stop using and withdrawal symptoms disappear .
The mechanism for this type of relapse is being studied intensely .
Animal studies suggest 3 distinct conditions that reliably induce relapse :
Stress Exposure to conditioned cues related to past drug use A dose of the previously administered drug or a drug with similar properties
There is evidence that long - term administration of opioids can permanently alter the density of dendritic spines in certain neurons , and these permanent changes may contribute to long - lasting vulnerability to relapse .
West Virginia ’s Gov. Joe Manchin III has picked a successor to the late U.S. Sen .
Robert Byrd , and the new recruit is a young whippersnapper at that .
He ’s 36 - year - old Carte Goodwin , and he ’s also a Democrat , but his party ca n’t get too excited yet : Manchin is preparing for a special election to be held in November to decide who ’ll fill the position on a more permanent basis , and the governor himself may enter the race .
–KA
Los Angeles Times :
Goodwin , the former chief legal counsel to the Democratic governor , gives Democrats in the Senate a crucial 59th vote just as they prepare to push for passage of a key priority , an extension of unemployment benefits .
[ …] Goodwin ’s time at the Capitol is expected to be brief .
Manchin soon may sign pending legislation authorizing a special election to allow voters to choose a new senator to complete Byrd ’s unexpired term and serve until 2013 .
Manchin , 62 , has said he plans to run in that election .
Read more
Another Johnson & Johnson drug plant gets flagged
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Johnson & Johnson , already under fire from the government over deplorable conditions at a Pennsylvania plant that makes children 's pain and cold drugs , is now being cited for problems at another one of its drugmaking plants in the state .
A plant located in Lancaster , Pa. , was recently inspected by the Food and Drug Administration and failed to receive a clean bill of health , according to the company .
The Lancaster facility received what is called a " Form 483 . "
A Form 483 is issued after an FDA inspection yields unsatisfactory results for compliance with regulations or a violation of good manufacturing practices .
The FDA regional office in Philadelphia did not return calls seeking details about the observations made in the report .
However , Johnson & Johnson confirmed that the company has received it .
The facility is a operated by Johnson & Johnson - Merck Consumer Pharmaceuticals , a joint venture of J&J ( JNJ , Fortune 500 ) and drugmaker Merck ( MRK , Fortune 500 ) formed to develop and market over - the - counter drugs derived from Merck 's prescription medicines .
The unit makes non-prescription products such as heartburn relievers Mylanta and Pepcid and multi-symptom relief drug Imodium .
" JJ/ MCP takes the issues raised by the agency seriously and is fully committed to addressing their concerns as rapidly as possible , " the companies said in a statement .
" We will provide a detailed response to the FDA and work diligently to address all observations . "
Experts in FDA regulatory compliance said companies tend to take Form 483 reports seriously .
If a company does not adequately address the deficiencies cited in a report , the FDA can issue another one or escalate its response to a warning letter .
Failure to correct violations can result in fines or even tougher measures by the FDA .
For example , a plant in Fort Washington , Pa. , run by J&J 's drug making unit McNeil Consumer Healthcare , received Form 483 reports prior to its shutdown in early May , the same month that McNeil recalled about 135 million bottles of children 's and infant 's Motrin , Tylenol and other drugs made at the plant .
( See correction , below )
McNeil has begun an overhaul of that facility to bring it into FDA compliance .
Also , the FDA issued a warning letter earlier in January to McNeil citing manufacturing violations at its plant in Puerto Rico , after McNeil issued a recall of several over - the - counter drugs made at the plant including Tylenol , Motrin and Benadryl following complaints of an " unusual moldy , musty or mildew - like " odor .
Late Thursday , McNeil announced a mass layoff of hundreds of workers at the Fort Washington plant , where all production has been suspended after the FDA cited multiple safety and quality violations there .
Given the intense scrutiny on Johnson & Johnson and its McNeil division , one expert said a new Form 483 issued on another of the company 's factories does n't bode well .
" It shows that there is a systemic issue at the company and management has to do a better job in bringing the facilities into compliance with FDA regulations , " said Bill Kurani , founder of Antrix Inc. , a regulatory affairs & quality assurance consulting firm .
Correction : CNNMoney incorrectly reported that the FDA issued a warning letter to McNeil for its Fort Washington , PA. plant .
The warning letter was sent to its plant in Puerto Rico .
But , Joe would be upset if any company did something wrong and was strong - armed for it .
Even if the company was " trading with the enemy " .
.... will ( not ) criminally prosecute Chevron Corporation and its subsidiaries
( collectively , " CHEVRON " ) for any crimes related to its purchases of Iraqi oil under the United Nations Oil - for - Food Program from in or about mid-2000 up to and including in or about March 2003 , that involved the payment by third parties of secret illegal surcharges to the former Government of Iraq , including asset forth in Exhibit A. which is incorporated by reference herein .
..........
It is the intent of the United States Attorney 's Office for the Southern
District of New York to seek the transfer of $ 20,000,000 of these funds to the Development Fund of Iraq ( sanctioned on May 21 , 2003 , by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1483 ) to be used as restitution to the people of Iraq asthe intended beneficiaries of the proceeds of the sale of all Iraqi oil made pursuant to the United Nations 011 - for - Food Program .
But that was n't BPish in scope .
Smokey
Joe thinks that it is wrong to " shakedown " a company only if they do something really bad .
Like trading with Iran .
Like these guys :
STATOIL accepts and acknowledges that the United States will file a criminal information in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York charging STATOIL with violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
..........
In June 2002 and January 2003 , Statoil paid bribes to an Iranian government official ( the " Iranian Official " ) in order for him to use his influence to : ( i ) assist Statoil in obtaining a contract to develop three phases of the South Pars oil and gas ' field in Iran ( the " South Pars Project " ) and ( ii ) open doors to additional projects in the Iranian oil and gas exploration industry .
The Iranian Official was the head of the Iranian Fuel Consumption Optimizing Organization ( " IFCOO " ) , a subsidiary of the National Iranian Oil Company ( " NIOC " ) .
Statoil agreed to pay the Iranian Official through a consulting contract ( the " Contract " ) with an intermediary company ( the " Consulting Company " ) organized in the Turks and Caicos Islands and nominally owned by a third party located in London , England .
The Contract obligated Statoil to make initial payments of $ 200,000 and $ 5 million , and ten subsequent annual payments of $ 1 million each .
..........
STATOIL further agrees that it shall pay a monetary penalty of $ 10,500,000 .
In consideration of the NOK 20,000,000 penalty that STATOIL has already paid to the Norwegian authorities with respect to the conduct described in the attached Statement of EOUSA 1692 Facts , STATOIL shall receive a credit for that amount upon proof of payment and thus
shall pay $ 7,500,000 to the U.S. Treasury within ten ( 10 ) days of the execution of this Agreement .
Well , that sucks , but at least none of these companies were hiding the same sort of problems that BP was .
At least they did n't have the potential to destroy a large swath of the U.S. , right ?
That 's what gets Ol ' Smokey upset - when the government " shakes - down " a company that really , really screws up .
Wait , I forgot about First Energy Nuclear Operating Corp . :
FENOC admits that the Department can prove that from September 3 , 2001 through November 28 .
2001 , FENOC employees , acting on its behalf , knowingly made false representations to the NRC in the course of attempting to persuade the NRC that Davis - Besse was safe to operate beyond December 31 2001 , as set forth in detail in the Statement of Facts attached hereto as Attachment B ( the " Statement of Facts ' ) .
FENOC agrees to pay a monetary penalty of $ 28 million .
A portion of this amount may be directed to a community service project , with the agreement of both parties .
None of the penalty shall be tax deductible , nor shall any of it be submitted as allowable costs in a Public Utility Commission rate - making proceeding .
Oh well !
But at least with the Bush administration it was all transparent and above board , right ?
Wrong !:
In one case I have been studying for some time , the Bush Justice Department had ramped up to begin a large - scale prosecutionof two financial - services companies involved in what prosecutors concluded was a serious swindle .
Suspicious financial deals had produced enormous losses for policyholders and state oversight authorities .
In addition to jail time for a group of executives , the complaint , which was prepared and ready to file , sought $ 400,000,000 in damages for the alleged misconduct .
One of the targets , knowing it was in the crosshairs , put a settlement deal worth " a nine - figure sum " ( so at least $ 100,000,000 ) on the table , together with a monitored compliance program .
Career prosecutors rejected it as too little .
Then strange things started happening .
Control over the case passed entirely to political appointees in Washington , Criminal Division head Alice Fisher and her seniormost subordinates .
The prosecutor was told that his boss " was concerned about his health . "
He was dropped from the case .
And the team learned from his greenhorn replacement that the whole prosecution was over .
It was being dropped .
The move became public and produced arched eyebrows and rude inquiries in the local press which started asking questions Justice did n’t want to answer .
The reaction from main Justice ?
Suddenly an order went out to collect all the documents from the case and have them immediately incinerated .
Someone was extremely nervous about having the decision not to prosecute studied .
They wanted to ensure that no prosecution would ever happen .
But Obama has started a program to " shakedown " companies throughout the land , thereby leading us into anti-corporate Socialism !
At least with Bush they were rare , right ?
WRONG !!!
Along with their close cousin , the nonprosecution agreement , deferred prosecutions became the norm for punishing corporate crime under the Bush administration .
The growth has been rapid : 37 such agreements were publicly announced in 2007 , compared with only 11 during all of the Clinton years .
The list of malfeasant companies that have skipped off without indictments includes blue chippers like Boeing , Merrill Lynch , and Bristol - Myers Squibb .
As Hogan & Hartson defense attorney Peter Spivack observed in an American Criminal Law Review article last year , the government has not filed criminal charges against a single major publicly traded corporation since 2003 without opting for a deferred - prosecution agreement first
But at least no one was concerned these agreements were being " rammed down the throat " of these companies , right ?
Wrong AGAIN !!!
With no judge to referee , prosecutorial whim can play a large role in the terms of a deferral .
Companies have agreed to all kinds of novel conditions to get a deferral in recent years , such as creating 1,600 jobs in Oklahoma or installing slot machines at New York racetracks .
Sometimes , the terms of deferred prosecutions seem to be heavily influenced by the personal inclinations of prosecutors themselves .
Former U.S. Attorney Chris Christie , now running for governor of New Jersey , has been among the more creative :
He required Bristol Myers Squibb to endow a $ 1 million chair of legal ethics at his own alma mater , Seaton Hall Law School .
And in 2007 , he awarded a no - bid , $ 27 million - plus monitoring contract to retired Attorney General John Ashcroft — his former boss .
The size of that contract , along with an accompanying whiff of cronyism , led to another DoJ memo reining in the use of monitors , a congressional inquiry , and an ongoing Government Accountability Office review .
According to Kristy Brown , a GAO assistant director , one of the questions the agency hopes to answer is whether such arrangements have been the result of " two - sided negotiation " or simply rammed down companies ' throats .
But , of course Smokey Joe and his cronies are right when they say that it is unprecedented that a company would have to pay into a monitored compensation fund .
AOL - in 10 days of the entry of an order by the Court approving this Agreement , AOL agrees to pay $ 150,000,000.00 into a compensation and settlement fund to be established under its direction and control to be used for either the settlement of shareholder securities law litigation or for purposes of any compensation fund ... No moneys from this fund , however , shall be used to satisfy any monetary penalties imposed by the SEC or any law enforcement agency .
To the extent any money in the escrow account is not used within three ( 3 ) years , AOL shall transfer the remaining amount to the United States Treasury and execute any documents necessary to effectuate such transfer .
( It goes on , but I won't )
You were waiting for me to say WRONG !!!
were n't you ?
Well , you 're right , Smokey Joe IS wrong .
There were between 85 and 97 such agreements under Bush , and nary a peep from the GOP .
It is time to remind them of their previous position on using the Justice Dept. to make companies pony - up for their malfeasance .
For a list of all 85 companies whose agreements`were reviewed by the Judiciary committee , go here .
The ONLY thing I am upset with , in relation to BP having to set up a compensation fund NOW , is that they may wiggle out of any future liability for their actions .
Just like all of the companies that were not prosecuted under Bush .
If companies want corporate personhood so badly , they should be treated just like I would had I done these things .
And I would be in jail !
Housing analysts have grown gloomier about the outlook for U.S. home prices as sales slump , a new survey shows .
The monthly report by MacroMarkets LLC , due for release Wednesday , found that 56 % of the 106 economists and other analysts surveyed expect home prices to decline this year .
That is up from 40 % a month ago .
In a separate report Tuesday , ...
by Jesse Galef –
Someone is suing the church .
No , it ’s not the Catholic Church and it ’s not about the whole “ raping children ” thing .
In Australia , the Agape Ministries used claims about a doomsday to trick the congregation into donating .
The predicted doomsday did n’t happen ( as you might have noticed ) .
Now , two particular members who donated a combined $ 1.4 million want their money back .
That plaintiff and another former church member , Martin Penney , are suing pastor Rocco Leo and two of his associates , Joe Venziano and Mari-Antionette Veneziano .
They want their money back , claiming they handed over more than $ 400,000 and $ 1 million respectively to the church based on lies about a doomsday scenario .
A lawyer representing both plaintiffs , David Riggall , told the hearing it was possible the suppressed case may be resolved without going to trial .
I know there ’s an impulse to blame the victims .
Let ’s get it out of our system : yes , it was foolish to believe the claims in the first place .
But I feel bad for them .
They were taken in by a dangerous meme and exploited by a devious pastor .
They truly believed that giving the pastor their money was the right thing to do .
We need to spread critical thinking and skepticism to help make this sort of thing less likely .
Ok , I ’ll admit that I chuckled a bit at the situation .
But the end of the article sobered me up in a hurry :
Ms Baligod said she believed many other people wanted to come forward with civil claims , but were scared .
“ A lot of them have been threatened by insiders , with death threats as I understand it , ” she said .
Ugh .
It ’s bad enough to con people out of their money .
But if the allegations of death threats are true , it ’s a whole new level .
( Via Jonathan Turley . )
The death of a 23 - year - old " transient " man found at Reading Cinemas in Wellington after a screening of The Twilight Saga : Eclipse last night is not thought to be suspicious .
Wellington police spokeswoman Victoria Evans said the man 's body was found by a cleaner at Reading Cinemas on Courtenay Place shortly before 8.30 pm .
The man had attended a 6 pm screening of the film , the latest instalment in the supernatural Twilight franchise , which revolves around a love triangle between human girl Bella , vampire Edward Cullen and werewolf Jacob Black .
At a press conference this evening , police said the man 's death was not suspicious and he had no obvious injuries .
The man was slumped in his seat , and the cleaner thought he was asleep .
It was believed he was at the movie by himself , Ms Evans said .
Detective Senior Sergeant Scott Miller said the man had been informally identified , but police had not yet located his family .
The man lived in Wellington but had no fixed address , Mr Miller said .
Mr Miller said a scene examination was being carried out today , and a post - mortem examination would be conducted tomorrow .
The theatre where he was found will remain closed till the scene exam is finished .
The movie is the latest in the smash - hit film series based on the books by Stephenie Meyer .
It raked in US $ 161 million ( NZ $ 233 m ) worldwide in its first five days .
It was the second unexplained death in Wellington over the weekend .
On Sunday morning , the body of an 18 - year - old man was discovered beneath the Soho apartment complex on Egmont St in the central city .
- The Dominion Post
I ’ve been designing for websites for 15 years now , and designing for print for even longer .
For the last few months , I led the design of MagCloud ’s iPad app ( now available in iTunes ) with an incredibly talented group of people , and it was unlike any other experience I ’ve had as a designer .
Here are a few things I learned .
It ’s intimate .
The iPad is an intimate experience for a user .
The direct touch input removes a layer of abstraction , and that ’s a really big deal .
In this way , it was like going back to design for print – when you push it with your finger , it moves !
– but it ’s utterly unlike print in every other way imaginable .
Point is , the direct interface really does mean reevaluating every assumption when it comes to interactive design .
All the terms changed .
I never realized how much web terminology had crept into my vocabulary .
An iPad app does n’t have pages , it has screens or views .
You do n’t click , you tap .
You do n’t scroll , you swipe .
I spent much of our early meetings stumbling over my own words just to communicate the basics .
Goodbye , sweet hover .
I ’ve always loved hover states .
When a web page changes under your mouse pointer , it shows you that it ’s paying attention to you .
But remove the mouse and you remove the hover .
Apple ’s solution in Safari on iPad has been to make one tap show the hover , and another to commit the click .
This is utterly confusing for every real user I ’ve seen try it .
So hover states are on the way out .
I ’ll miss them .
Hello , awesome gestures .
Gestures go beyond creating an intimate connection .
They turn a computing device into an instrument .
After all , you do n’t use a guitar , you play it .
And what ’s playing a guitar besides learning a series of gestures ?
Do n’t believe me ?
Check out Uzu app .
All it does is make pretty pictures , but with very complicated gestures , accommodating up to 10 fingers on the device at once !
Our humble MagCloud app does n’t do anything this fancy , but I was able to make use of the pinch in / out gesture in a couple cool places in the reading experience ( pinch in to see all pages , pinch out to zoom into a page ) .
There ’s much more work to be done here .
It takes time .
I drastically underestimated how much time it ’d take to do the design phase of the app .
Over the years , I ’ve gotten pretty quick with the web design , which made me overconfident .
Apps have a lot of hidden corners that can disrupt a user experience .
Getting them right takes time .
Design language still emerging .
We ’ve had 15 years to figure out a visual language for the web , and it ’s still evolving .
The iPad has a few conventions , but they ’ll look as silly in a year or two as the candy - colored iMacs look now .
Personally , I love working in areas that still have a lot of undiscovered country , but it can be challenging , too .
Sometimes , the only way to solve a new problem is with a new solution .
That ’s fun .
The Naked Chef 's latest TV series took him on a series of city breaks , seeking out the best recipes and ingredients to bring home .
He visited Venice , Athens and Marrakech , but Stockholm was the real surprise – a beautiful city with a fabulous food culture that 's all but overlooked by British visitors .
National Public Radio ( NPR ) broadcast a story on May 9 by Dina Temple - Raston titled Terrorism in the U.S. Takes on a U.K .
Pattern that started out with the following flawed premise :
For years , the U.S. seemed largely immune to homegrown terrorism , but experts think the recent attack [ in Times Square ] is more proof that has changed .
Raston then proceeded to discuss " home grown terrorists " only in the context of Pakistani - Americans , Afghan - Americans , South Asian Americans and others originally from outside the country who became citizens and then somehow became " radicalized . "
The story completely ignored the fact that the United States has a long history of domestic terrorism committed by home - grown , home - radicalized terrorists .
If , as Raston claimed , the U.S. does " seem largely immune to homegrown terrorism , " then what , exactly , were the Ku Klux Klan , the assassinations of John Kennedy and Martin Luther King , the Symbionese Liberation Army ( which committed robberies , murder , kidnapping and extortion ) , Timothy McVeigh 's bombing of the Oklahoma Federal Building , the murder of Dr. Bernard Slepian in his home by anti-abortionists , the bombing of the Olympics in Centennial park ( the first of four bombings by anti-abortionist Eric Rudolph ) , the Columbine High School massacre , the murder of Dr. George Tiller in his church by another anti-abortion religious fanatic , the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , the airplane intentionally flown into the Internal Revenue Service building in Austin , Texas , the Hutaree Militia and ...?
Need I go on ?
NPR 's story about domestic terrorism proceeded as if these incidents never happened .
In doing so , NPR continued to feed the illusion that the U.S. does not have a problem with domestic terrorism .
The fact is , we do .
Either NPR made an error by omitting the truth about home - grown domestic terrorism , or did n't feel that it was important enough to acknowledge for this story .
Or maybe NPR is joining society in a general state of denial over the fact that home - grown domestic terrorism exists -- or maybe all three .
After all , if we acknowledge it , we 'll have to find a way to deal with it .
Shoppers Drug
Mart will reduce capital expenditures and new store openings because of the impact of new provincial drug reform rules , says CEO and president Jurgen Schreiber .
“ This reform hurts and you see that in our numbers , ” said Schreiber in a conference call with analysts Thursday .
“ There is a true impact on the business and there will be a continuing impact in the next couple of years . ”
The new legislation means the company would have to implement “ a number of mitigating tactics and ongoing initiatives ” including reducing costs , enhancing operating efficiencies and adjusting its business and service model , said Schreiber .
“ No question the new reforms has changed the probability of new stores and reduced capital expenditures , ” he said .
Schreiber did not elaborate on how many stores might be impacted , but the Schreiber ’s tone was less negative than in an interview with the Star in April , when he said the company had to take “ dramatic action ” including closing stores and laying off staff .
“ I think they are taking a more balanced approach .
They understand that they need to keep the service levels up in Ontario and things are n’t perhaps as grave as they thought , ” said analyst Robert Cavallo of Mackie Research Capital Corp .
“ The question for them right now is how do they get back on a good growth trajectory . ”
Canada ’s largest pharmacy chain reported a 6.2 per cent increase in second quarter profit Thursday .
The chain said earnings were $ 145 million , representing 66 cents per share , up from $ 136 million or 63 cents per share a year ago .
Second quarter sales increased 5 per cent overall to $ 2.4 billion , with 21 new stores opened .
On a same store basis , sales increased 2.7 per cent during the quarter .
The company also announced a dividend of 22.5 cents per common share payable Oct. 15 .
“ It ’s about what we were expecting , and the outlook is in line with market expectations , ” said Cavallo .
However , the solid numbers were achieved before the impact of Ontario drug reform , which came into effect July 1 .
Shoppers stock has been trading near 52 week lows after the provincial government announced in April it intended to overhaul the provincial drug benefit plan in an effort to reduce costs .
The regulations , which took effect at the beginning of this month cut the price of generic drugs by half and ended professional allowances paid by manufacturers to pharmacies .
British Columbia and Quebec are also introducing their own legislation .
Michael Van Aelst , an analyst with TD Newcrest , estimated that in Ontario 10 per cent of all pharmacies might have to close .
Analysts said the regulatory move amounted to a loss of about $ 750 million in funding to all pharmacies .
However , large chains such as Shoppers with greater economies of scale will have an opportunity to gain market share at the expense of smaller independents .
“ The focus of all drug stores must be on increasing script volumes , ” said Van Aeist in a report .
“ Independent pharmacies will find it tougher to do so and the larger chains will outperform . ”
Prescription sales accounted for 48.5 per cent of sales for Shoppers in the second quarter alone .
The company has more than 1,200 stores across Canada .
Despite the negative impact of the new rules , Shoppers expects total sales to increase by 4 to 5 per cent in 2010 .
The company forecasts fiscal EBITDA ( earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization ) to be within the range of $ 1.170 billion to $ 1.190 billion .
“ It is also the company ’s expectation that its fiscal 2010 cash flows from operating activities will be more than sufficient to fund its capital program and dividend payments , ” said Schreiber .
The CEO said it is now possible to grow earnings through next year using “ a tremendous amount of discipline and drastic cost reductions . ”
Rate This
… that image of teenage Shrek you included with your article .
You mentioned that this was a storyline that Mike Mitchell and his team developed for this Dreamworks film and then dropped .
Did Mike tell you what that proposed storyline was supposed to be like ?
DonkeyBoy writes with a question related to Wednesday ’s “ The Art of Shrek Forever After review .
He wants to know about …
Indeed he did , DonkeyBoy .
The idea of giving moviegoers a taste of teenaged Shrek ’s life in the fourth film of this series was to reveal how closely the ogre & Princess Fiona ’s lives were intertwined .
That – long before the storyline of the first “ Shrek ” had officially gotten underway – these two characters had actually crossed paths .
Copyright 2010 DreamWorks Animation , L.L.C .
All Rights Reserved
Here ’s the set - up for this aborted sequence :
Shrek has reached the age when ogre parents traditionally kick their their children out of the house .
And almost immediately after he ’s left home , this teenage ogre finds himself being pursued by an angry mob .
And as Shrek racing down the street , trying to evade capture , he ’s almost run down by a royal procession .
“ And who was supposed to be in this royal procession ? , ” you ask .
King Harold , Queen Lillian and young Princess Fiona .
In fact , the idea that Mitchell and his story team wanted to get across here was that this was the moment from the original “ Shrek ” ‘s backstory where the King & Queen were taking Fiona to the Dragon ’s Keep .
So that their daughter could then wait in the highest tower for her true love to come along and break the fierce enchantment that Fiona was under ( i.e .
“ By night one way , by day another ” ) with Love ’s First Kiss .
The idea that Mike was trying to get across here was that – if it had n’t been for that royal procession coming along – the mob would probably have caught this teenaged ogre and killed him .
So – in a way – Fiona rescued Shrek long before Donkey & this ogre came along and rescued the princess from the Dragon ’s Keep .
Copyright 2000 DreamWorks Animation , L.L.C .
All Rights Reserved
But in the end , Mitchell and the “ Shrek Forever After ” story team dropped this particular flashback because …
Well , as fun as it may have been to stage a sequence in this film where young Princess Fiona and teenage Shrek almost meet …
In the end , this interesting tangent did n’t really service the movie ’s story .
If anything , this flashback ( along with another one that was supposed to have touched on Puss in Boot ’s origins .
Which – occurring to Mike – was at least a half hour long and had too many dark touches .
“ This would have been the ‘ Schindler 's List ’ of animation , ” he laughed .
“ There ’s a reason that we did n’t put that version of Puss in Boots ’ backstory into production .
It was way too depressing ” ) slowed down the story that DreamWorks Animation wanted to tell with the fourth installment of this popular film franchise .
Which is sort of a Shrek - ish version of that holiday perennial , “ It 's a Wonderful Life . ”
Now where this gets interesting is the very idea that Mike Mitchell described to me ( i.e .
Shrek being forced to leave home at a young age by his parents .
He and Fiona then meeting on the road as she ’s taken to the Dragon ’s Keep ) wound up being the opening number of “ Shrek the Musical . ”
Which – FYI – begins its National Tour at Chicago ’s Cadillac Palace Theater on July 13th .
( L to R ) Brian d’Arcy James , Chester Gregory and Sutton Foster
in the original Broadway Company of “ Shrek the Musical . ”
Photo by Joan Marcus .
Copyright 2008 DreamWorks
Theatrical .
All Rights Reserved
And when I told Mitchell about this , he chuckled and said “ Well , it ’s nice to see some of this stuff that we work so hard on eventually winds up being used . ”
But ask any animation professional and they ’ll tell you the very same story that Mike just told me .
About sequences that they labored over for months .
Only to then see these scenes wind up on the cutting room floor .
Image courtesy of S/R Laboratories .
All Right Reserved
Perhaps the most infamous sequences to ever get cut of an animated featured were the lodge meeting , bed - building & soup - eating sequences from “ Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs . ”
Some of these scenes for Disney ’s feature length animated cartoon were well on their way to being produced when Walt opted to pull the plug .
In large part for the exact same reason that Mike Mitchell cut that teenage - Shrek - meets - young - Princess - Fiona from “ Shrek Forever After . ”
Because – no matter how great the gags were and / or how skillful the animation was – these sequences did n’t advance “ Snow White ” ‘s story .
Image courtesy of S/R Laboratories .
All Right Reserved
Mind you , it often took
Walt quite a while to make up his mind when it came to cuts .
As Neal Gabler recounted in his excellent “ Walt Disney : The Triumph of the American Imagination ” :
As early as November 1936 , storyman Dick Creedon had suggested the possibility of lopping two scenes – one which the dwarfs meet to discuss whether they should let Snow White stay or , fearing repercussions from the Queen , make her leave , and another in which the dwarfs , having resolved to let her stay , decide to build her a bed so that she will not want to leave .
“ I do n’t think it has any purpose in the story now and will divert us at a point when we should start building our suspense tempo , ” Creedon asserted .
Image courtesy of S/R Laboratories .
All Right Reserved
Unconvinced ,
Walt proceeded to have the scenes animated anyway , as well as another in which the dwarfs were eating soup under the reproachful eye of Snow White , who is trying to teach them manners , though he warned of the bed - building : “ take out all the superfluous stuff . ”
Image courtesy of S/R Laboratories .
All Right Reserved
The scenes were still in the picture as late as June 1937 – they had n’t even been finalized until April – but Walt , like Creedon , finally decided that they had to go because they disrupted the flow of the narrative .
Ward Kimball , who had animated the bulk of the soup - eating sequence , was crushed .
He had spent nearly a year and a half on the section .
Image courtesy of S/R Laboratories .
All Right Reserved
But – in the end – it did n’t matter how long individual animators had worked on sequences and / or the amount of time or movie that Walt Disney Studios had already spent on a project .
If Walt felt that something was n’t working , out the window it went .
Disney also ran into the same sort of problems in 1938 .
When – rather than have the team that he has assembled for “ Snow White ” sit by idle or – worse – get poached by the competition , Walt rushed “ Pinocchio ” into production .
Which – according to Walt himself – was a huge mistake .
Because ( again quoting from the Gabler book ) “ … ( we did n’t have ) a thing prepared .
( We tried ) to build a story before we even knew it . ”
As you read through “ Walt Disney : The Triumph of the American Imagination , ” it ’s kind of hard to hear about how the team at Disney Studios struggled to get a handle on “ Pinocchio . ”
As Gabler explains :
Image courtesy of S/R Laboratories .
All Right Reserved
The major drawback to the lack of preparation ( on Disney ’s feature length cartoon ) was the failure to tackle fully the character of Pinocchio .
As Walt put it bluntly at the outset , “ One difficulty in ‘ Pinocchio ’ is that people know the story , but they do n’t like the character , ’ who , in the book , is often cruel .
It is a sign of his dis- satisfaction with the character that Walt suggested that they enlarge the role of the Blue Fairy and have her appear in different disguises , including that of a blue cricket , to help guide Pinocchio and keep him on a righteous path .
But that was only an expedient .
Walt clearly had no handle on Pinocchio , describing him at one point as “ fresh , ” like ventriloquist Edgar Bergen ’s wise - cracking dummy Charlie McCarthy , or lusty , like Harpo Marx , grabbing for the fairy whenever she appears .
He was n’t even sure if Pinocchio should act like a puppet or a small boy or whether he should appear wooden or flexible .
When Frank Thomas , Milt Kahl , and Ollie Johnston took the former tack and animated 150 feet of the puppet early that February , Walt was displeased .
Image courtesy of S/R Laboratories .
All Right Reserved
As the story goes , including the official story record , shortly after seeing Thomas ’s animation , Walt decided to put Pinocchio on hiatus from February through September while the staff reworked the script .
In fact , Walt kept working on , revising and sweatboxing scenes right through July , but he knew that he had hit a wall .
Ham Luske claimed that after looking at the storyboards of a scene where Pinocchio terrorize Geppetto ’s cat , Figaro , he suggested to Walt that the audience would lose sympathy for Pinocchio unless the puppet had some way to discern right from wrong .
As Ward Kimball told it , “ fter six or eight months , Walt looked at it and he says , ‘ It ’s not working . ’
So he threw it out and everybody had to start all over again . ”
You ’d be amazed how often this happened at Walt Disney Studios .
Where – over the past 80 + years – projects have been chugging along through the development pipeline ( Take – for example – the storyboards below .
Which are from a never - produced Disney short , “ Donald ’s Beaver Hunt ” ) …
mage courtesy of S/R Laboratories .
All Right Reserved
… only to then have the guy in charge ( be it Walt or Roy E. or – nowadays – John Lasseter or Ed Catmull ) say “ It ’s not good enough .
Shut production down . ”
Image courtesy of S/R Laboratories .
All Right Reserved
And speaking of shutting things down , I think that ’ll do it for this week here at JHM .
FYI : if you enjoyed the sketches that were used to illustrate today ’s article , most of them came from the Spring 2010 catalog for S/R Laboratories .
Which will be holding its biannual animation art auction next week .
On May 24 – 25 , to be exact .
For further information on what other pieces will be coming up for bid this time around , please click on this link .
And remember , folks – if you ’d like me to answer your Disney - related questions in a future " Why For " column – please send them along to [ email protected ]
Have a great weekend , okay ?
Iowa has changed significantly since high school .
Most notably , marriage equality is a reality .
If 2010 me could go back to 17 year old me and tell him , " Hey everything is going to be OK .
Some day you will be able to marry the man of your dreams , " 17 year old me would have puked .
I reconnected with many of my high school friends thanks to Facebook .
They clearly know I 'm gay now .
I was a total closet case in high school , but I had a fairly good closet -- I think .
I 'm heading home to Iowa with my partner next week .
We have two big events drawing us back to our roots , my class reunion and his family reunion .
You know , a nice relaxing vacation .
I would have puked and ran to a Young Republicans meeting .
That 's right , Young Republicans .
( I told you I had a good closet . )
I imagine I 'm going to get this question from a few people I have not spoke to for a long time , " So when did you know ? "
Let me answer that now , 6th grade .
It was terrifying , and I felt terribly alone .
I lived in fear for 3 years of middle school , 4 years of high school , and 2 years of college .
Despite my chipper go get 'em exterior in high school , I was really a frightened and terribly depressed young man .
Like most gay men , I was incredibly driven .
I was a member of a dozen clubs , the student government , the high school band , the National Honors Society , a lead in Much Ado About Nothing , and even Prom King .
I was also the best damn cook in cooking class .
While so many people thought I had it together , I was falling apart .
The summer after college was emotionally devastating .
Once I did n't have a million responsibilities distracting me , the voice of self loathing would not leave my mind , " You 're gay and you 're disgusting .
Either you 're going to hell , or you 're going to die with your secret . "
I was raised Catholic .
Once in college , I found the courage to pick up the book Coming Out by Michael Signorile .
When I was in New York with Bil Browning late this winter , I had the opportunity to meet Mr. Signorile .
" Your book saved my life , " I gushed .
" Well , I hope you 're ok now , " he said with a concerned look for his safety .
" I am .
I 'm great now , " I reassured him as he stepped away .
I have to admit that going back to see people who I felt I had to hide from is very freeing .
I wish I could go back and have a chat with 17 year old me .
I would say , " Hang in there .
The world is about to change .
You are not alone .
You are going to end up with the best friend and partner anyone could ask for .
You are going to be happy , and safe , and loved for being you . "
I can't go back in time , but maybe someone is reading this right now who is just as scared as I was .
So to you , know that you are loved and life will be good .
You are beautiful and special .
Please do n't be frightened .
Everything will turn out better than you can imagine .
In March of 2007 , I pulled a copy of Diane di Prima ’s prose and poetry collection Dinners and Nightmares off my bookshelf .
At the time , I was in the midst of compiling content for Verbicide magazine issue # 20 .
I decided on a whim to email the book ’s publishers ( Last Gasp ) in hopes to acquire rights to reprint di Prima ’s flash fiction parable , “ Untitled . ”
While it was entirely possible that my inquiry would be rebuked — or simply ignored — I received a prompt response from the Bay Area publisher : they were passing my message on to the author .
Shortly thereafter , I received a polite personal response from di Prima .
Yes , we could reprint the story in Verbicide , and would I be interested in some new short poems as well ?
Di Prima remains as fervently involved in the arts and education as ever .
From the onset of our correspondence , it was obvious that she is not about to be regarded merely as a literary figurehead , but as an ongoing contributor to the arts — a presence whose voice continues to positively impact those who listen , as it has for the last half - century .
Related Posts THE SAN FRANCISCO POETS by David Meltzer
Though perhaps best known to the casual reader for her involvement in the Beat movement of the ‘ 50s and ‘ 60s , poet Diane Di Prima has , in fact , authored more than 40 books of poetry and prose and is the embodiment of a modern day Renaissance woman .
A native of Brooklyn , di Prima spent a number of years in Manhattan , where she founded Poets Press , co-founded the New York Poets Theatre , and co-edited The Floating Bear with LeRoi Jones .
She is among the founders of the poetry school at Naropa University ( with Allen Ginsberg and Anne Waldman ) , and since moving to San Francisco four decades ago has been a teacher and mentor to scores of aspiring poets , writers , and artists .
Di Prima is also a playwright , a painter , a social activist , a mother , and a grandmother .
Adding to that list is di Prima ’s recent appointment as Poet Laureate of San Francisco .
Following in the footsteps of Lawrence Ferlinghetti , Janice Mirikitani , Devorah Major , and Jack Hirschman , she was named the fifth laureate of San Francisco in May of 2009 , and was inaugurated in February of 2010 .
“ As poets , and artists in general , ” she states , “ it ’s our job to create a community , to show others how to do it , to support each other , to get the work out — and also to keep some sense of possibility open , to keep some sense of celebration . ”
In addition , over the course of the two - year appointment , di Prima aspires to work ( through the neighborhood libraries ) with kids after school , spreading her love of poetry and the arts .
It took quite a bit of wrangling to arrange a time and date that would work for the both of us to do this interview via phone , but in the time leading up to our two - plus hour talk I was fortunate to trade a decent amount of emails with Diane .
Like any author , the words in her many books speak for themselves .
But in our personal exchanges , I was pleased to learn that there is nothing at all put on in di Prima ’s work – the passion , intellect , and energy that comes across in the writing exists because it is a true reflection of the author .
It was a pleasure to speak with di Prima ; what follows is a lengthy excerpt of our conversation on February 23 , 2010 .
As a youngster , you broke away from formal education early in your collegiate career .
I found it interesting when I read Recollections of My Life as a Woman that , even though I went to college 40 or so years after you , I identified with many of your reservations of the value of the college experience , and your descriptions of “ the pretentious , awkward intellectual life , clipped speeches , stiff bodies , unimaginative clothes , poor food , frequent alcohol , and deadly mores , ” as well as the “ cold intellect of campus . ”
Now , however , it seems that you spend much of your time teaching writing via workshops and in collegiate settings .
With your past — that is , having experiences in the classroom that fell so short of your expectations — how do you approach teaching ?
Well , for one thing , I teach very little in a classroom .
I did a little more a few years ago , but I never was really hired by any college to do a whole lot — except for New College of California , and that was a completely off - the - wall kind of a program , in that it was run by me , Robert Duncan , David Meltzer , and Duncan McNaughton .
It was a self - defined program in poetics , and not in creative writing .
Robert was teaching things like “ The King , The Sage , and The Fool in Shakespeare . ”
I was teaching “ The Hidden Religions in the Literature of Europe ” ; it was a full - year course , and it was [ about ] all the heresies and all the remnants of prehistory that has stayed with us right through to now in our belief systems , and so on .
[ New College ] was a place where you could define your courses : make them up and teach them .
But that was awful enough because we still had faculty meetings , and of the five of us , I was the only woman — it still had its drawbacks , and after that first class I took my class out of that building and taught in my studio .
It was making me sick being in the building !
So that was it , everybody had to come to me for their classes .
So that was the only [ collegiate setting ]
I ever worked for any period of time .
Michael McClure got me a job for a couple of years ; I was one of those “ visiting faculty ” members — not a very high - paying one either — at California College of Arts and Crafts .
But in terms of “ teaching within the system ” it ’s been the minority of the amount of teaching I ’ve done .
What about Naropa University ?
At Naropa , I was one of the people that started [ the poetry program at The Jack Kerouac School ] together with Anne Waldman and Allen Ginsberg , the three of us it was for quite a while ; but still , I would only come in the summers — the terms were too oppressive .
So almost all the teaching I do right now I do in a loft in The Mission !
People commit for nine months , and they come every month — and if they ca n’t get there they send their money in for that month anyway , and if I can manage to make a recording then they get a recording of that class , and I ’m available to answer questions for them .
So that ’s my “ base ” class .
I took three years off from that recently because I sold some archives .
But I have n’t changed my opinions at all about academe .
In fact , I think it ’s gotten a lot worse than it used to be , and all these MFA programs are just like mills for making money for the university ; they ’re horrible — they get people because people think that they ’re going to get out with an MFA and be able to work , or get to be famous writers .
The kids pay a lot — or at least , the grown - ups , most of them are adults who go to these things , these low - residency things — they pay a lot of money for them , and they do n’t pay the teachers who lead them very much .
There ’s a bit of text by Nelson Algren — who was very critical of MFA programs such as University of Iowa — where he basically says that people , instead of going out and living and learning and gaining character , were instead being insulated from the world .
Most of the students of mine who ’ve done one of those write much worse when they get out of it — much worse .
They ’ve gotten very stiff ; they think they ’re supposed to hide what they have to say , and not be forthright in any way , and , you know …all this BS that ’s trendy right now .
But it ’s like anything , you have to be open to the good ideas you ’re going to find , and you have to aggressively shut out the bad .
But most people do n’t .
They do n’t shut it out , and they wind up writing worse than when they went in .
So I teach , but I make up my own rules ; sometimes I teach at home , sometimes I teach in a loft .
Previously , you mentioned to me that aside from your work with students who are of college age and older , you ’d be working with schoolchildren at the libraries [ as part of your poet laureate duties ] .
As a poet , a mother , and a grandmother , what are your best suggestions for fostering a love of the written word ( and art in general ) in young children ?
I think the most important thing is that it does n’t matter if it ’s the written word or a drawn picture , you have to just give them a lot of space .
Whatever they discover , and whatever they ’re doing , and whatever they ’re making is wonderful .
Do n’t be prejudiced toward the word as opposed to the picture — that ’s important , because some people learn to read quite late and they ’re getting all kinds of blather for that — getting oppressed [ because of ] that !
Every single one of them is different — kids , that is — I mean , I had five and not any of them were alike .
You have to be alert to the signs of their own creativity and where they want to take it , and foster that .
I love to read to them .
I made sure there were plenty of books around that they ’d be interested in , and I ’d read to them even when they were older , like 12 or so .
From the five - year - old to the 12 - year - old , we ’d all pile into one bed and I ’d read !
Especially in the rainy winters up here on the coast ; I lived on the north coast for a while .
My mom did the same for me ; some of my best memories are of my brother and me curling up on the couch with her while she ’d read books like Tarzan and The Hobbit .
She ’d do voices for all the characters , and it really fed our imagination .
I remember even as a kid , she ’d read a book like Charlotte ’s Web and then I ’d see the 1970s animated movie version and I ’d think ,
Those are n’t the right voices !
The book was much better than the movie !
We had no television until they were all pretty much out of the house , except for my youngest .
Until 1989 , I never lived with a television .
If we were at a friend ’s house and they were watching it , that was fine — I mean , I was n’t going to say , “ Never watch TV ! ”
But we did n’t have one .
They were writing plays ; they were making up music ; they were having very noisy , very bad bands .
( laughter )
You know , all the things that people naturally would do if you left them to their own devices instead of putting them in front of a screen .
More on the topic of childhood — I noted in Recollections that you discuss your reaction to the bomb dropped on Hiroshima on August 6 , 1945 .
It was your 11th birthday , and it seems that as a child — living in Brooklyn and surrounded by so many people of so many different walks of life — that you were immediately confronted by the ugliest side of humanity , with all the anger and reactionism that came pouring out .
It is interesting to note that when you read the poetry in Gary Snyder ’s Danger on Peaks that he — at the age of 15 and in a completely different realm in Oregon than you in New York — was affected just as deeply .
Even though you were both young at the time , do you believe that this event , perhaps , was the end of innocence of your generation ?
I do n’t think there was any innocence in my world from the time I was four — the war was the end of innocence .
But it was very much a defining thing [ as to ] how we thought .
Do you think it was one of the catalysts behind the movements and subcultures that you grew into and became part of ?
I think to a large extent it was ; that was one part of it .
The other part of it , for me , was the repression of McCarthyism .
All of that put together .
On the other side of that picture , though , I was growing up in Brooklyn , but by the time I was in high school I was spending a lot of time in Manhattan .
As soldiers were repatriated I was meeting people from all over the country .
So I was getting a sense of a lot more kinds of humans —
Americans , anyway — than I would n’t have gotten in a time where there had n’t been a war .
What your normal New Yorker gets is just New York and New York - type people , but [ there were ] these kids from the Midwest , from the South , and from all over the country with all their points of view coming through .
In the time between 1945 and , say , the beginning of the real McCarthy crackdown — which , McCarthy ’s real crackdown had started by the late ‘ 40s , but it did n’t really come down on us as hard until we became aware of the Rosenberg [ executions in 1953 ] — in that little period of time , there was a lot of openness .
A lot of black people were coming down from Harlem with the remnants of their renaissance , which had been plunked out by the Depression , and there was a lot of energy and a lot of different cultures you were exposed to because of the war that you would n’t have seen or heard of otherwise .
So there were two things happening there , [ the war and the Red Scare ] .
There was repression and fear , and when I was first on my own , people were talking seriously about building cities under lead domes with artificial lights to protect them from their own nation — stuff that we now see in science fiction .
And it was n’t just a “ Red ” Scare .
Wilhelm Reich died in prison , not for being a communist — he was just a heretic , that ’s all .
People were heretics and they got killed .
And they got blamed –
They did n’t get blamed , they got killed .
Getting blamed you can deal with ; getting killed is final .
Women I knew would get killed , like I say in Recollections , because they were promiscuous .
They ’d be sent somewhere and get shock treatment .
There were a lot of things defining our generation , and the bomb was one of them — but that mentality that I ’m trying to point to here is what made the bomb .
It ’s the same mentality that kills somebody with shock treatment — up in [ Boston ] , 40 shock treatments to John Wieners ’ head the first time his parents committed him .
The mentality was even bigger than the bomb , if you can imagine that .
Without that mentality , nobody would ’ve dreamed up making the bomb .
Throughout your life you ’ve been an advocate of peace and equality .
I found it very interesting in Recollections to note all of your observances of the struggles , both politically and internally ( and emotionally ) , of those who might be considered “ minorities ” due to race , sex , or sexual orientation — there was even a part that surprised me in Recollections where you mentioned a defrocked priest by the name of Charles Malley , who performed same - sex marriages in Manhattan in the 1950s .
Even though the United States , as a whole , has — hopefully — evolved in the duration of your lifespan , how do you feel when you consider today ’s political and social climate ?
I do n’t think we ’ve evolved as much as we think we have , sadly .
I do n’t think women have gotten anywhere near as much freedom as they think they have .
I mean , if you have a couple and they ’re both artists and they have a child , you ’ll still find that it ’s the woman who figures out how to work and how to get some money , and the guy goes right on doing his art — but she maybe does n’t have the time to do hers anymore .
I think that kind of thing still happens .
I think that there ’s still an awful , obvious prejudice against homosexuality , and lord knows what the center of the country thinks about transgender [ issues ] —
I have n’t asked them in a while !
( laughter )
I ’d thought by this time we would n’t have any prejudice against people who were addicts ; that it would just be “ go to the doc , and get your prescription . ”
I thought that we ’d see the value of psychedelics , and [ that ] many , many other wonderful things would be going on .
I do n’t think we ’ve made so much progress .
In a way , the surveillance level — the ability to survey us all — makes the possibility of suppression and repression huge !
Huge compared to what they could have done — and did do — in the ‘ 50s , what I ’ve written about , with friends getting chased by the FBI , and so on .
I think it ’s way worse .
These problems are beneath the surface , rather than as “ in your face ” as they might ’ve been — but they still exist .
I think that ’s true .
I mean , people do n’t like to think of themselves as “ backward ” ; in those days they did n’t care .
You live in San Francisco , easily the most progressive city in America , and I live in Vermont , one of the two or three most liberal states in the country .
Do you think people who live in such places might have to work harder to avoid having a skewed vision of social progress , or do you think the things we ’re speaking of are more intensified by such a vantage point ?
All you have to do is look , and you do n’t have to work very hard .
All you have to do is read the paper — you still have papers where you live , do n’t you ?
( laughter )
All you have to do is look , and I do n’t think we have to look harder than anybody else to see how bad it is , because people are blatant about it — they ’re proud of it !
It ’s right there in our face .
It ’s a different type of [ flagrance ] than “ Women should stay at home and cook , ” but it ’s the same thing .
It ’s in all fields , everywhere — academe , for one , is notoriously backward .
During the eight years of Bush you could see how bad it was , but clearly , one man being elected does n’t have the chance of a snowball in hell .
He and his family are moving into the house of the enemy .
What do you do in that situation ?
Do your best in the at least four years you ’re allotted — but so too [ will political opportunists ] to make him the “ fall guy . ”
Right , he ’ll be the fall guy , and I think he knew that ahead of time and did n’t care .
Also , there are certain things you ’re going to have to cut back on because you do n’t want to come out of there missing a family member .
I think the so - called “ secret government ” is stronger than it has ever been ; it was made so under Bush , Rumsfeld , Cheney and those nice guys who I still think should be brought to justice .
Many [ people do ] ; we ’ve been signing petitions all over the web !
( laughter )
It ’s going to be interesting to see what the power of the internet and / or the petitions really is .
Well , they ’ve managed to ignore [ the demand for ] single payer , and I think hundreds of thousands of people have signed for that !
The one thing we have different today — and they ’re fighting like crazy to figure out how to control it , but it got too big before they managed to get to it — is the web .
It [ allows ] communication between people all over the place .
[ We ’re ] able to see what ’s happening in Iran , or in Haiti , and so on , rather than just relying on word .
In the ‘ 60s we made our own syndicated news service called “ Liberation News Service . ”
[ We got ] a room with a phone under a made - up name — rented under an anonymous name too , the room — and people would man it around the clock to get the news from our friends who were on the road , who were travelling anywhere in the world , who could call us and say , “ They just raided the American Indian Headquarters in Vancouver . ”
Or such and such has just happened in Iran , or in Nepal , or wherever .
News was person - to - person at that point .
Now we ’ve got the web , and even if we ca n’t trust a lot of it , with a good “ truth filter ” we still can filter out a lot of good information , and stay in touch with more people and more places .
Of course , it gives “ them ” an easy way to infiltrate — you do n’t have to look for “ the man , ” he ’s right there everywhere !
( laughter )
And for all the different , reliable news sources that [ are available ] , there ’s so much bad information masked as good that it can be misleading , and it can bring a lot of zealots together .
While you ’ve got the The Guardian at your fingertips , anytime you want , you ’ve also got Drudge and Breitbart .
I know .
My junk filter everyday has to take away messages from a group called “ Patriot ” who would like me to go a teabag thing somewhere .
( laughter )
Exactly , there are so many of those things — websites that try to suck the reader in with talk of “ patriotism , ” and “ duty , ” and just doing the right thing ; they get you so jacked up with a sense of purpose that you can have a hard time deciphering the crux of their position .
I do n’t have a hard time .
I was taught very , very early to filter any information in any newspaper and read it in terms of , “ Okay , most of this is propaganda .
Is there any truth here ? ”
People always ask me , “ How did you manage to stay so independent ? ” and so on and so forth .
But I never thought of that [ point ] until right now — it ’s possibly one of the biggest things I was taught early on : to look for what they were trying to make me do .
My father ’s paranoid belief was that they had mandated universal education because they could control everybody by reading if everybody read !
And if he was alive now , he ’d say now that they ’ve got television , no wonder they ’re not putting any money into teaching people how to read .
I ’m not saying he was n’t , in a lot of ways , a crazy person — he was .
( laughter )
But in a lot of ways …
I was handed Machiavelli’s The Prince when I was seven and I was told , “ Unless you read this , you ’ll never understand history . ”
I understand what you mean about filtering [ information ] — but there are a lot of people who can’t , and those are the people who are the enablers of those in power who would suppress gay marriage , universal health care , things like this .
The healthcare issue is the most mind - boggling of all .
It is , is n’t it ?
People are saying , “ Yes , yes , kill us .
Please refuse us medicine ; please refuse us what we need .
We ’ll just sit around and be scared . ” ( laughter )
That ’s another thing to consider when you ’re teaching your kids and getting them to learn how to read .
One of the things I taught at New College — where I had people that I could really teach , and teach them on my terms in my way — was when you start a book you have to first [ consider ] “ what is this person ’s point of view ; what is he trying to convince me of ? ”
Then you can read between the lines , and [ figure ] out what ’s information , and what ’s him trying to convince me of something .
That ’s part of what you would teach your kids with anything besides Narnia or Charlotte ’s Web ; if you start reading a little history together or anything else .
What I remember my father did was he would have us read a part of a Shakespeare play , like Mark Antony ’s famous speech , and say , “ Look at how he ’s manipulating the crowd !
Look at how he ’s getting them to weep for Caesar ! ”
Now , Caesar never did anything for these people .
He ’s saying , “ When the poor have cried , Caesar hath wept . ”
Is it any different now , I ask you ?
No , they still say that .
“ Oh , my heart bleeds for the Haitians . ”
Yeah , now why do n’t we cut it out and go feed them ?
So you ’re talking about lip - service –
I ’m talking about teaching people to read between the lines of what ’s being told to them .
I think everybody should learn that in first grade — maybe second grade .
In first grade you ’re a little too innocent , but by second grade you ’re not .
When you ’re seven years old you ’re ready to look with some suspicion at the grown - ups .
( laughter )
You and I have both dedicated a lot of our lives to independent publishing .
I ’ve been running Scissor Press and Verbicide and doing other various media projects since around the age of 19 ; you ’ve had decades of publishing experience co-publishing The Floating Bear , running Poets Press , and Eidolon Editions .
I loved to read in your autobiography that as a child you would make newsletters for fun , because it reminded me of how I used to write little baseball magazines in my bedroom when I was a kid .
Right !
They made this thing [ a hectograph ] where you could pull off about 10 copies using gelatin ; I think it was the forerunner of the Ditto machine .
You just wrote with certain kinds of pens , put it on this gelatin tray , and then you could put pieces of paper down and offprint from it .
It was great !
I used my dad ’s Xerox machine .
See , we had no Xerox machine !
Xerox [ machines ] came in the mid-‘60s .
That ’s very interesting to remember — before that we were typing 10 carbons when we wanted to get a lot of copies of something .
( laughter )
That ’s kind of mind - boggling to me !
That ’s a lot of work for what would now seem like a very minimal end product !
So at what age did you seriously consider undertaking publishing as a lifelong endeavor ?
I do n’t know that I ’ve ever [ not been ] involved in either making a magazine or [ publishing ] .
When I was in high school we had our school magazine , and I was the editor of it for most of the years I was in high school .
I never really thought of it as a primary thing I was doing ; the primary thing I was doing was writing .
But I always wanted to get my hands on a press .
I was able to get a hold of a mimeograph machine somewhere ; that was a big way to get copies out .
You ’ve seen a lot of extreme changes in how people produce and receive the written word , and I ’d first like to ask you to compare and contrast traditional mimeograph publishing vs. computer desktop publishing .
What are the benefits and drawbacks of each , as compared to one another ?
Well , I think that people are relying a little too much right now on the idea that the cyber - network is going to be here forever .
When they do n’t make a hardcopy of something , they really think that nobody ’s ever going to pull the plug and that there could ever be a day when the country is in chaos — a million little nations [ with ] no electric grid .
If there ’s no electric grid , how can there be a cyber - grid ?
I think that ’s a big drawback .
We ’ve talked about some of the big advantages of [ the present ] , that you can reach so many people .
But I ’ve never written a blog or done any of those things because I do n’t think that I could reach people more than superficially .
When I first read something , maybe I do n’t even like it , but I throw it back on the shelf .
And six months or six years later I go , “ Whoa .
What was I thinking ? ”
You do n’t have that chance [ with online publications ] unless you print things out , and since I ca n’t read much on the screen I always print out everything .
It ’s funny that you mention reaching people only on a superficial level — when you consider where independent publishing is going these days and how everyone is shifting to the web , I really felt that with Verbicide we were one of the last holdouts [ printing our magazine ] because I could n’t stand that thought of being online - only .
We did three to four issues a year , printing between 5,000 and 25,000 copies per issue–
That ’s a lot of work .
It was a lot of work , but even if we moved only half of those copies , I guarantee you that the people who picked them up … they put them in their backpacks , they read them on train rides , they read them on buses , they read them on subways or while they were out hiking , in their bedrooms at night with a reading lamp on –
I ’m an example !
How long after I was mailed a bunch of Verbicide [ copies ] did I write you back about loving a guy ’s story ?
It was in a pile of stuff I was going to read , and then one day , whoa — you do n’t get that chance that much .
I mean , you can go back to the archives , but how many people do that ?
We ’ve talked a lot about being on the receiving end of a published product — having a book or an album as a consumer or end - user , if you will .
As a publisher , now , do you think that mimeograph publishing intensifies the “ intimacy ” you feel with the work you are publishing , since it is so much more labor intensive ?
I ’m specifically referring to the fact that traditional publishing required you to have office space in Manhattan to run Poets Press back in the ‘ 60s , where as desktop publishing really only requires you to have space for a desk and a computer — like me , in my basement .
Yeah , but do you actually make the product there ?
No , we put it together , but then we ship it off [ for production ] .
I had the press , the copy camera … I had the stuff to make the copy that went into the camera to get photographed and made into a negative .
Then the metal plate [ was made ] and the metal plate then went onto the offset press .
I do n’t think I published a book by just typing it and running off copies , say , either on a computer or on a copying machine .
I have published a couple pamphlets where I just typed them and brought them to somebody else to print , but then I do n’t feel like I ’m involved in that at all .
So yes , I like the craftsman [ aspect ] of it ; I like the hands - on feeling of it .
I like standing around and watching a press spit out a thousand copies of an image by an artist friend .
I can imagine that ’s nice — I was never actually involved in the printing of Verbicide [ other than the first two photocopied issues ] .
During the last year or two of publishing it in a physical form , I ’d supply a mailing list and the printer would ship it out , and it would save a lot of time and a ton of money .
But for a long time , I was mailing out physical copies , and I would have stacks of envelopes — and I remember what a satisfying thing that was , dumping those in the mail .
How many people did you mail to ?
Most copies were going off to our distributors .
But I think my [ direct ] mailing list was at its peak around 1,200 people .
That ’s how big The Floating Bear got at its highpoint , 1,200 people .
We started with 117 names out of my address book and LeRoi Jones ’ address book — but those 117 names caused a lot of change in the world .
And I ’m not sure that numbers of people reached are as important as how you reach them .
What you ’re doing is trying to change the world .
You have to have the people that it ’s getting to be people who are then going to then get up and do something about it — even if what they do about it is write a story because [ they ’ve been ] inspired so much — which they might then send to you , or you might never hear about .
But I [ wonder about ] the many , many people who are their computer for hours surfing the web , whether they are people who also have any inclination to get up and do anything .
I do n’t know how many do or not ; I ’m not criticizing those folks , but I just do n’t know .
It seems to me the more creative ideas could ’ve evolved by this time — about Haiti , about how to get the goods where they had to go — if everybody who was reading about it got up and did something .
That ’s just a current example — I think we could ’ve figured a lot more out about New Orleans much faster than we did .
One place where [ the internet ] worked creatively and well was in Seattle at that first WTO thing , but since … they figured out how we did that , and we have n’t figured out how to go around what they figured out !
( laughter ) Yet !
But we will figure that out .
I think there are some — but not that many — people who , when they read something or see something , seriously conceive of themselves as creators or makers or changers of the world .
It can be any of those — you might just stay home and play your flute , but that ’s making something , and all of that goes into the changing of a world .
But just going , “ Oh wow , look at this , ” does n’t do anything .
And as a publisher , or writer , or artist — any kind of creator you want to consider yourself — if you ’re putting something out there , you can only hope for the best .
You ca n’t force anything on people ; you just have to hope you inspire them .
No , you ca n’t force them .
I guess what I ’m saying is that there has to be a place for the seed to drop — that sounds almost Biblical — where you ’re dropping the words [ that will ] result in something happening .
Of course , we do n’t know that , and we ca n’t measure it .
Two - hundred people is what I ’m estimating were in all the cities that Ginsy reached in ’ 56 — Allen Ginsberg , when he first did Howl .
But in each city he put all those people together with each other .
I think 200 of us were at first in communication , but a lot of change happened ; I ’m not saying any one of us did it , but a lot of change happened in people ’s heads , really , it had to happen .
But right now , a lot of change has to happen again .
How many issue of [ Verbicide ] have you put online ?
New ones I mean , not the archive .
Well , the way we go about it with the website is that we update it five days a week , Monday through Friday .
We put something new up every day .
Ah , so it does n’t just come out once in a while as a “ chunk . ”
It ’s a little bit every day , and whereas those “ chunks ” [ putting out a quarterly magazine ] used to require a lot more intensive work leading up to the release date , we always had a month or so of downtime between them .
Now there ’s not a ton to do , but it ’s every single day , and we get a lot more emails to respond to .
I get about a hundred a day , and I do n’t even have much of [ an online ] presence !
Somebody else invented a Myspace page for me ; a woman in Australia who I do n’t know made it up .
She ’s a painter , and she felt like I needed a presence .
She keeps offering to turn it over to me , and tell me what to do , but I do n’t want to be bothered with it .
I think I ’m going to get off all social networking sites at the end of my laureateship .
Off all of them .
I saw you had a Facebook profile , but it does n’t really look like something you were interested in maintaining .
Once in a while I ’ll put a political thing up on it if it means one click after I ’ve signed a petition … otherwise , I do n’t bother with it .
People who I know and already have an email address for want to be my Facebook friend – they can be my friend , but I ’m going to write them person - to - person , not through Facebook .
I ’m too paranoid for that !
Am I writing to you , or do you want 90,000 people to see what I have to say ?
It ’s all exhibitionist ; it ’s ridiculous .
( laughter )
It ’s basically more for product promotion and attention - seeking than real communication .
I identify that , but [ since I have ] a website , I sort of have to embrace the fact that it ’s a good place to promote and reach new people .
Facebook ?
Facebook , or Myspace , or whatever the flavor - of - the - month social networking is .
I ’ve seen it go from Friendster , to Orkut , to Myspace , to Facebook and Twitter — there ’s going to be something new after that , it ’s not the end - all be-all .
Within just a couple years there has been a sea- change of social networking , and you have to keep up with it .
Well , I think that a lot of people are keeping up with it who do n’t particularly like us — and I ’d just as soon have them work a little harder to find out what I ’m up to !
( laughter )
Choosing Your Essential Options For The Best Family Lawyer
Are you dealing with a divorce ?
Then a lot comes at you .
You probably have many questions .
Fortunately , you are not alone .
Our legal assistants are available to answer all your legal questions .
Professionals provide comprehensive information on many of jurisdictions on websites .
This way you will always find the information you need .
In short , the family lawyer :
Listens carefully to your story ;
Is your personal help with legal problems ?
Provides legal advice in common human language ;
Gives advice that really benefits you ;
Comes with a suitable solution for your problem .
Divorce Or Relationship Problems
You have decided that you want to divorce , but you have no idea what is involved in a divorce .
Who will take care of the children later ?
Can you continue to live in the house after the divorce ?
Do you receive maintenance or do you have to pay , and how much ?
What will your pension look like later ?
And what does a divorce actually cost ?
Or maybe you still doubt whether you should get a divorce .
And it is not going well in your relationship .
In any case , always be well informed .
The lawyers here are the bests for you now .
If you want to divorce , you have to arrange a lot .
Try to make agreements about the divorce , for example about the children .
You also have to make agreements about the distribution of your belongings and the house .
If you cannot work it out together , you can ask for help from a mediator or divorce lawyers .
Make Arrangements Together
Discuss your situation with your partner .
Try to make agreements together and put them on paper .
For example about :
Your children .
Think of child maintenance and making a parenting plan
Your home
Distribution of your belongings
Spousal maintenance
Distribution of your pension
Any debts
( Limited ) community of goods
How you distribute your belongings depends on whether you are married in ( limited ) community of property .
Did you make agreements with a notary before or during your marriage about your possessions and debts ?
Then you have prenuptial agreements .
This contains agreements that apply during your marriage and divorce .
A lawyer for you will be useful in every way now .
Separating Together : Mediation
Are you unable to agree on divorce with your partner ?
Then ask for help from a mediator .
A mediator is impartial and mediates between you and your partner .
The mediator does not make decisions .
He guides the conversation between you and your partner .
The mediator will help you find a solution that will satisfy both of you .
The mediator puts the agreements you make on paper .
The mediator or a lawyer then applies for divorce from the court .
A law firm is the best choice for you now .
Divorce With Lawyer
Do you or your partner not want mediation ?
Or is it not possible to make agreements via mediation ?
Then hire a lawyer .
The lawyer stands up for your interests .
He can negotiate with your partner ’s lawyer .
The lawyer applies for divorce from the court and helps you in this lawsuit .
Go for the law firms for you now .
Take Temporary Measures
Sometimes you have to make temporary arrangements until the judge has pronounced the divorce for example about your children or your home .
Are you unable to make temporary arrangements with your partner ?
In that case , your lawyer can ask the court for a “ temporary provision ” .
That is a temporary measure until the divorce proceedings are complete .
An attorney is the best choice for you now .
A temporary provision is not a measure forever .
Are there important changes in your situation ?
Then you can request adjustment .
If you do nothing , the temporary measure is often converted into a permanent statement .
The attorneys will help you in every way now .
Filing For Divorce With A Judge
Apply for divorce from the court .
A lawyer is required for this .
Your lawyer can apply for divorce on joint or unilateral request .
Divorce By Common Request
Have you made agreements about divorce with your partner or through mediation ?
Then you can hire one lawyer together .
The lawyer puts the agreements in a divorce settlement and , if necessary , in a parenting plan .
He applies for divorce from the court on behalf of both of you and sends your agreements along .
The judge pronounces the divorce and approves your agreements in his judgment .
Taking the Legal help is the best choice here .
Divorce On Unilateral Request
Are you unable to make arrangements with your partner ?
Then your own lawyer will apply for divorce at the court for you .
He prepares a petition for this .
Your partner ’s lawyer can respond to this petition .
The judge invites you to a court hearing .
Your lawyer will accompany you to the hearing .
The judge can ask you questions .
The judge pronounces the divorce after the hearing .
He can make decisions about things you do n’t agree on .
The best legal help is right here .
A personal consultation can be useful here .
Ever notice how Twitter , Facebook , and Yelp all use ( nearly ) the same start screen implementation ?
Apparently this is no coincidence .
A presentation given at an Android Developer conference is urging app developers to conform to this design when developing their own apps .
Why ?
Consistency lends itself to usability .
Android has long been a victim of its own openness — many claim it is a “ geek ” or “ technophile ” operating system .
This stigma can , in part , be traced to the fact that Android apps have not been held accountable to any but the most lax standards ( Eg , does n’t blow up your phone ) to be featured in the Android Market .
It certainly is n’t difficult to find an endless supply of applications on the Market with entirely different user interface design philosophies ( or lack thereof ) , and one must admit that this variation does make using each of these apps a different learning experience , even for a tech - savvy user .
Imagine , then , how a less experienced user feels when confronted with this staggering variability .
While Google does n’t seem to be planning on changing its open - door Market policy , it is clear that the Android dev team realizes inconsistent user interfaces in applications are hurting Android ’s image , as well as its user - friendliness .
Source : @romainguy
San Francisco mayor Gavin Newsom is putting a brave face on the news that big wireless is suing the city over its new cell phone radiation labeling ordinance .
" I am disappointed that the association representing the wireless communication industry has decided to challenge our landmark consumer information law in court , " Newsom declared on Friday , calling it " a modest , common sense measure which merely takes information already made available by these companies and makes it more accessible and easier to find by the point - of - sale consumer . "
As we 've reported , in June San Francisco 's Board of Supervisors almost unanimously passed a bill requiring cell phone retailers post the radiation levels of the mobile devices they 're selling .
Displays at cell phone stores must publicize the Specific Absorption Rate ( SAR ) of these gadgets somewhere next to the sample device .
These SARs max out at 1.6 watts per kilogram ( 1.6 W/kg ) , the highest rate permitted by the Federal Communications Commission .
Research on the actual health dangers of cell phones is a work - in - progress .
Even a top environmental group which supports the law says " the science is far from settled about whether long - term use of wireless devices causes brain tumors . "
The FCC 's relevant page cites studies suggesting " no increased health risk " to consumers .
But San Francisco's " just - to - be - on - the - safe - side " legislation received quick national attention .
The wireless industry " should be sending Mayor Newsom a bottle of good California wine for caring about whether kids ' brains get fried , " declared Maureen Dowd of the New York Times , " not leaving him worried about whether they 'll avenge themselves in his campaign for lieutenant governor . "
That was just after CTIA - The Wireless Association immediate had announced that , in protest , they would no longer hold their big annual trade show in the city .
Now the group has the cool gray city of love in court over the move .
Writing from the San Francisco uplink for the Ars Orbiting HQ , we sympathize with CTIA 's critique of the ordinance , but we 're also wondering about this lawsuit .
Be meaningful
CTIA is n't impressed with Newsom 's pushback that all the city is doing is publicizing the FCC's SARs data .
The association 's objection " is that displaying a phone 's SAR value at the point - of - sale suggests to the consumer that there is a meaningful safety distinction between FCC - compliant devices with different SAR levels , " explains CTIA Vice President John Walls .
That 's right .
Since the FCC has already established a safety ceiling on SARs ( 1.6 W/kg ) and determined that all cell phones must comply with its rules , what the heck are consumers going to do with the multitude of SARs numbers they 're going to see next to display phones in retail stores ?
For example , here 's the FCC's SAR report for a 2008 edition of the iPhone .
Depending on at which frequency range the device is getting a signal , and on which part of the body the gizmo is being worn , it clocks in at SARs rates that range from 0.521 through 1.388 W/kg .
So which of these figures will be posted over at one of my favorite window shopping stops , the Apple Store just off Market Street , downtown ?
One number ?
All of them ?
And how are consumers supposed to grok this data ?
The ordinance tasks San Francisco 's Department of the Environment to develop a " supplemental factsheet " regarding SAR values , " consistent with the relevant information provided by the FCC or other federal agencies having jurisdiction over cell phones . "
But based on what ?
That already mentioned FCC data ?
Or the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 's relevant page , which declares that there is " No Evidence Linking Cell Phone Use to Risk of Brain Tumors " ?
The implementation of this law will send consumers " the false message that there is a safety difference between wireless devices that comply with the FCC 's stringent standards , " CTIA protests .
Do n't trench on me
But CTIA 's legal action goes way beyond exposing the intellectual frailty of this ordinance .
It invokes Article Six of the United States Constitution , the Supremacy Clause , to back the FCC 's final authority on this issue .
This Constitution , and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof ; and all Treaties made , or which shall be made , under the Authority of the United States , shall be the supreme Law of the Land ; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby , any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding .
Thus San Francisco 's action " trenches unlawfully on a regulatory field reserved exclusively to and occupied exclusively by the federal government " — that is , the regulation of cellular phone services .
Sure enough , it would be dumb to let cities , counties , and states issue their own spectrum licenses or radio frequency emissions standards .
But how far does the FCC 's authority really reach ?
In various decisions , the agency has invoked " primacy " over three key areas of cell phone regulation : " public need , technical standards , and competitive market structure . "
But does that give the Commission or CTIA preemptive powers over a simple city law requiring the far more accessible disclosure of the agency 's own data ?
Next , CTIA says the San Francisco ordinance conflicts with federal law by " challenging , directly or indirectly , the FCC 's determination that all FCC - compliant wireless handsets are safe . "
But will it really conflict ?
If San Francisco 's ordinance is enacted as it is written , all it will do is make retailers post a bunch of SAR numbers next to their display mobiles with a note adding that the federal government says they 're good to go , safety - wise .
That will certainly be confusing to consumers , but will it really challenge federal regulatory authority ?
Last , CTIA insists that the city law is preempted by Section 332 ( c ) ( 3 ) ( A ) of the Communications Act .
But does it ?
Here 's the relevant language of that Section :
No State or local government shall have any authority to regulate the entry of or the rates charged by any commercial mobile service or any private mobile service , except that this paragraph shall not prohibit a State from regulating the other terms and conditions of commercial mobile services .
How does this local rule regulate entry or rates ?
Retailers can still sell all the FCC approved mobiles they want at the prices they care to charge .
San Francisco consumers will look at the SAR numbers and by various astrological or dreamcatcher systems decide what to do , or more likely just buy the handset they really like , anyway .
Based on this initial reading of the suit , it 's unclear what its prospects are before Northern California 's United States District Court .
But the action will probably scare other cities from enacting similar measures anytime soon .
Maybe that 's the real point .
THE International Space Station will soon host the most accurate clock ever sent into space .
It will allow for better synchronisation of clocks on Earth and also probe exotic physics .
The experiment , called Atomic Clock Ensemble in Space ( ACES ) , will be built by EADS Astrium and is scheduled to fly to the space station in 2014 , the European Space Agency announced last week .
It will keep track of time by measuring the frequency of microwaves absorbed by cooled caesium atoms .
On Earth , the accuracy of caesium clocks is limited by gravity .
The atoms are cooled by using lasers to slow …
ItsHidden is a VPN service that was set up with torrent users in mind , allowing them to hide their identities from ' third parties ' who choose to snoop on their activities .
The service launched less than a year ago , but with the increased demand for anonymous BitTorrent it has already amassed 300,000 members .
As pressure from anti-piracy outfits on governments to implement strict anti-piracy laws increases , millions of file - sharers have decided to protect their privacy by going anonymous .
The most common and widely used privacy services are VPNs that allow users to connect to the Internet whilst hiding their own IP - address , making BitTorrent transfers completely anonymous .
ItsHidden is one of the rare free VPN solutions currently available .
It launched July last year and TorrentFreak has learned that less than 12 months later the service already has 300,000 members with a free account .
Besides the free accounts , tens of thousands of people have signed up to the paid option .
These benefit from additional features and no bandwidth restrictions , which is probably the preferred choice for heavy downloaders .
A while ago we spoke with David , one of the people behind the service , who told us that they set their VPN up with BitTorrent users in mind .
“ It has been created to put some rights back in the favor of the user and that includes us , ” David from ItsHidden explained to TorrentFreak .
“ There are so many bodies , mostly unelected , that seem to have full access to the most intimate of online details with little or no justification and more importantly , no evidence . ”
The service encrypts the connection between the user and ItsHidden ’s servers and prevents anyone from reading this data as it is sent or received .
No data logs are kept of the user ’s transfers , which makes it as private as it gets .
Of the 300,000 free users that signed up in the past year , 56,262 log in on an average day , transferring thousands of gigabytes .
Due to the overwhelming interest in free accounts , ItsHidden had to disable new signups a few months ago , but they are currently allowing new members to join again .
Ma'an , May 13 , 2010
The catastrophe continues .
As the 62nd anniversary of the expulsion of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians from their homes looms , rights continue to be violated and a solution is more urgent than ever .
A solution based on UN General Assembly Resolution 194 for Palestinian refugees is a must .
The creation of a Palestinian state on the 1967 border , with East Jerusalem as its capital , is a must .
Releasing all Palestinian prisoners from Israeli jails is a must .
Solving all permanent - status issues is a must .
The international community must draw important lessons from the Nakba and make of this anniversary a date when the world upholds international law .
No state is above the law , and the international community must end Israeli belligerence and disregard for international law .
Sixty - two years ago tomorrow , more than 726,000 Palestinians were forcibly displaced from their homes and lands to make way for the State of Israel .
They have been prevented from returning ever since .
Hundreds of Palestinian villages and neighborhoods were destroyed .
Today , over seven million Palestinian refugees live in exile .
Of those , more than 1.3 million Palestinians continue to live in 58 UN - administered refugee camps .
In other conflicts , refugee rights have been honored and respected , including the right of return , restitution and compensation .
In stark contrast , however , Israel refuses to even recognize the Palestinian right of return , thus continuing to deny the refugees� basic rights .
The Palestinian Nakba continues to this day , as Israeli practices and policies of evictions , home demolitions , deportations , settlement activities , wall - building as well as closure and siege in both the occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip generate new waves of displaced persons .
The international community must assume its responsibility in protecting the tenets and principles of international law by pressuring Israel to immediately end these policies .
The author is the chief negotiator for the Palestine Liberation Organization .
Image caption Bono 's health problems were not enough to dislodge U2 from the top of the list
U2 have been the world 's biggest - selling band over the past 12 months , raking in $ 130 m ( £ 84.9 m ) , according to the website Forbes.com .
The Irish group have been staging their global 360 tour in support of their album No Line on the Horizon .
They claim the title despite singer Bono 's bad back forcing them to cancel a Glastonbury festival appearance .
Rockers AC / DC were in second place with $ 114 m ( £ 74.5 m ) followed by Beyonce Knowles on $ 87 m ( £ 56.8 m ) .
Bruce Springsteen was fourth on the list with $ 70 m ( £ 45.7 m ) .
The list 1 . U2 : $ 130 m ( £ 84.9 m )
2. AC / DC : $ 114 m ( £ 74.5 m )
3. Beyonce Knowles : $ 87 m ( £ 56.8 m )
4. Bruce Springsteen : $ 70 m ( £ 45.7 m )
5. Britney Spears : $ 64 m ( £ 41.8 m )
6. Jay -Z : $ 63 m ( £ 41.1 m )
7. Lady Gaga : $ 62 m ( £ 40.5 m )
8. Madonna : $ 58 m ( £ 37.9 m )
9. Kenny Chesney : $ 50 m ( £ 32.6 m )
10 . Black Eyed Peas / Coldplay : $ 48 m ( £ 31.3 m )
Despite a difficult recent history , singer Britney Spears was in fifth place with $ 64 m ( £ 41.8 m ) while Knowles 's husband Jay - Z was in sixth place with $ 63 m ( £ 41.1 m ) .
One of the few relatively youthful acts on the list was Lady Gaga , who has amassed $ 62 m ( £ 40.5 m ) in the year to date , according to the website .
The singer has been performing the Monster Ball tour around the world .
Madonna demonstrated that she remains a major player in the music industry by coming in at eighth place , while the British band Coldplay finished in joint 10th alongside the Black Eyed Peas .
From the ' What Do You Click ? ' files :
Which button in the open source Firefox web browser is the one most clicked by users on Windows , Mac and Linux ?
The answer to that question and more has been addressed in a new Mozilla Firefox Main Window Usage Study .
The study data was collected on an opt - in basis from nearly 10,000 users of the Mozilla Test Pilot addon which surveys Firefox usage .
Mozilla developers are n't just looking to gather statistics for statistics sake either , the goal is to gain a better understanding of browser usage in an effort to provide a better experience in the upcoming Firefox 4 browser .
In an effort to help visualize and display the data , Mozilla developers have also overlaid the study 's data as a heatmap on top of a Firefox browser .
A Heatmap graph visually indicates how active certain areas of a map - in this case a web browser - are in terms of usage .
So which button is the most clicked ?
By a landslide the ' Back ' button was the most clicked of all navigation buttons which include the Back , Forward , Reload , Stop , and Home buttons .
Across Windows , Mac and Linux 93.1 percent of users clicked the button at least once over the course of a five - day period .
In total the study reported that users clicked on the back button 66 times over the course of five days .
The original literary tattoo blog is run by Jen , a Toronto photographer who likes books , tattoos , and photos of tattoos based on books .
Follow Jen on Tumblr , or stalk her on the sassy food blog Crustcrumbs .
If you want to submit your tattoo , see this page .
/
/
You are here : Excuse me …ma’am ?
Yeah , you , with the hideous legs ?
Please do us a favor …
At the risk of compromising national security , Lens would like to present this nighttime view of the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center , taken on Tuesday by George Hahn , a 39 - year - old Web site designer who lives nearby in Manhattan .
No , Mr. Hahn did n’t see the problem , either .
He had been watching construction progress on the northward expansion of the Javits Center .
“ As an architecture enthusiast , ” Mr. Hahn said , “ its angular design with slanted roofs , glass and corrugated metal make it look like a sexy modern garage , and I wanted to take a picture of it . ”
As I stood at the open gate of the fenced - in parking lot at the southwest corner of West 40th Street and 11th Avenue , I started to aim my camera upward toward the building .
Within seconds , an N.Y.C. taxi abruptly pulled in front of me .
It was dark .
There were rats .
The cab startled me .
‘ Can I help you ? ’ asked the driver in a tough tone .
I then noticed the flashing red , white and blue lights in the cab ’s grill .
It was N.Y.P.D. in a taxi costume .
‘ I ’m taking photos . ’
‘ Of what ? ’
‘ The new Javits building . ’
‘ Why ? ’
‘ I like the building .
Is that O.K . ?’
‘ Not in here . ’
“ By ‘ here , ' ” Mr. Hahn continued in an e-mail to Lens , “ I ’m presuming he meant the fenced - in lot , in which I was not standing , by the way .
Both of my feet were firmly on the public sidewalk next to the gate . ”
Mr. Hahn said the undercover police cruiser pulled into the lot , then pulled out next to him and simply idled there briefly while he was taking pictures .
While the officer made no effort to stop him , Mr. Hahn said he was under the impression that an effort was being to made to intimidate him .
As far as such encounters go , Mr. Hahn ’s brief run-in was fairly benign .
But his story and many more like it are becoming increasingly common as authorities seek — often against their own stated regulations — to smother photography in public places under the blanket of “ security ” ; a rubric that exempts them from explaining how it is that pictures of cityscapes and landmarks that have been photographed thousands of times before are so threatening that they must be prohibited .
Jim Dwyer ’s About New York column on Wednesday , “ Picture This , and Risk Arrest , ” concerned the arrest by the Amtrak police of Duane P. Kerzic , for taking pictures of a train pulling into Pennsylvania Station , and of Robert Taylor , by the New York Police Department , for taking pictures on a subway platform in the Bronx .
On Monday , in “ Freedom of Photography : Police , Security Often Clamp Down Despite Public Right , ” The Washington Post documented many instances in which photographers drawn to federal buildings , bridges , trains or airports have been treated as potential terrorists .
In a sidebar , “ Caught With a Camera , ” The Post also published examples of 10 photographs that had drawn official interdiction .
Luke MacGregor / Reuters
In recent years , photographers in Britain faced even more onerous restrictions under the broad stop - and - search powers granted to the police under Section 44 of the Terrorism Act 2000 .
But this month , in response to a decision by the European Court of Human Rights , Theresa May , the home secretary , announced that the police would no longer be permitted to stop and search a person without reasonable suspicion .
“ We are delighted at this news of the suspension of Section 44 , ” said a group called I ’m a Photographer , Not a Terrorist .
“ We are sure photographers across the U.K. are looking forward to freely photographing in a public place without the being bullied by the police and corporate security guards . ”
It sounds as if they ’re leaving it up to us , now .
Ver igualmente el genocidio del pueblo iraquí
( Foto arriba ) El conocido actor cinematográfico norteamericano Denzel Washington se queda « pasmado » ( ver expresión de su rostro ) cuando se le presenta una mujer soldado gravemente quemada en Irak durante la visita que realizaba el célebre actor al hospital militar Brook Army Medical Center ( BAMC ) en San Antonio , Texas , EEUU , para apoyar a los soldados estadounidenses mutilados por la actual invasión de Irak .
La visita del actor [ y fotos ] tuvo lugar a mediados de diciembre del año 2004 .
Sin embargo el sitio web ( ver link clicar aquí ) que promociona la visita del actor no muestra ninguna imagen chocante que pueda afectar a la opinión pública de los horrores de esta aventura militar .
( Foto arriba ) James Houston un veterano de Pearl Harbor abraza con llanto y emoción al sargento Mark Graunke Jr. durante la celebración del Día del Veterano de guerra en la ciudad de Dallas , noviembre 2004 .
El sargento marine Graunke perdió la mano y un ojo por la explosión de una bomba en Irak .
AP Photo / The Dallas Morning News , Jim Mahoney
Cual debe ser el sentimiento de estos jóvenes militares mutilados que creyeron en un principio en las mentiras de su presidente [ George W. Bush ] que afirmaba que habían armas de destrucción masiva en Irak , las cuales nunca fueron encontradas .
Posteriormente los inspectores de la ONU aseguraron que nunca existieron como lo habían dicho y confirmado varias veces antes de que los EEUU atacasen a Irak .
Saber que esta guerra no es más que una guerra por el petróleo .
En Irak , la resistencia nacional iraquí se ha organizado en el país para recuperar la independencia , la soberanía y sobre todo defenderse de las matanzas masivas y sin distinción de las tropas norteamericanas .
En EEUU igualmente los movimientos pacifistas son cada día más numerosos .
Recordemos que esta guerra neocolonial fue declarada ilegal e injustificada por las Naciones Unidas .
Médicos del ejército de los EEUU prestando primeros auxilios a un marine que viene de ser herido .
Un soldado probando su pierna ortopédica .
El soldado Brandon Erickson perdió parte de su brazo cuando su convoy militar fue atacado por grupos de la resistencia iraquí .
Brandon realiza estudios de ciencías políticas en la universidad de Dakota del Norte , 5 de agosto 2004 .
Photo / Kory Wallen , fuente Associated Press via Cryptome .
El soldado Brad Kennedy ordenando su material ortopédico , 25 de agosto 2004 .
AP Photo / The Clarion - Ledger , J.D. Schwalm .
El soldado James E. Wright ( izquierda ) saluda los restos del presidente Ronald Reagan durante los funerales de ex presidente , 10 de junio 2004 .
Wright perdió su mano en la guerra de Irak .
El oficial de la derecha no fue identificado .
Fuente Associated Press via Cryptome .
El soldado W.C.
Ross en cuidados intensivos el avión hospital de la US Air Force que lo conduce de Alemania a los Estados Unidos .
Los doctores lograron reconstituir su cráneo reventado .
Alemania sirve como plataforma logística a las tropas estadounidenses que invaden Irak .
Foto Lindsey Addario / Corbis .
El soldado Robert Jackson perdió sus dos piernas en Irak .
El marine George Pérez , paracaidista de la brigada 504 de infanteria .
Foto Stephanie Bruce , fuente Associated Press via Cryptome .
Lance Cpl.
Schilling perdió su pierna derecha y una grave herida en su mano izquierda a consecuencia de una explosión de IED .
Foto Max Becherer , New York Times .
Allan Doyle en el medio y con uniforme militar mostrando la pierna ortopédica junto con su tío y acompañado de su hijita .
Fuente Associated Press via Cryptome .
Marine herido en el rostro .
Marine amputado .
El especialista José Martinez 20 años visitando el centro médico para quemados de Brooke Army Medical Center en Fort Sam Houston en San Antonio , 5 de noviembre 2003 .
Martínez quedó atrapado dentro de un camión que transportaba municiones y que fue atacado por la resistencia iraquí .
El camión se incendió desfigurándole la cara y varias partes del cuerpo .
Foto Eric Gay , fuente Associated Press .
Soldado minusvalido por una explosión .
El sargento Jason Pepper , 27 años , hablando de su experiencia vivida en Irak con su esposa Heather Pepper , 25 años , el 26 de agosto de 2004 en el centro médico del ejército Walter Reed en Washington .
El sargento
Pepper se quedó ciego a consecuencia de una explosión en Irak , ha aprendido a leer en le alfabeto braille y su vida es la de un hombre ciego .
Foto Matt Houston / AP .
El mismo sargento Jason Pepper , a pesar que un ojo da la apariencia de estar en buen estado , Jason Pepper es completamente ciego .
Jeremy Feldbusch soldado del 75 regimiento de Rangers , quien fue mutilado durante una misión en Hadita Dam en el noroeste de Irak en abril 2003 y se encuentra actualmente retirado en su casa de Blairsville , PA .
Una esquirla de granada le penetró en la cabeza y después de siete horas de operación se le fue extraída pero Jeremy Feldbusch es ahora ciego .
Foto Keith Srakocic / AP
Jeremy Feldbusch mostrando su antiguo uniforme .
Foto Keith Srakocic / AP
Foto no identificada .
Foto no identificada .
El sargento Chris Jeremy Feldbusch un reservista del ejército del pueblo de Logansport haciendo ejercicios con su pierna amputada en el centro médico del ejército Brooke Army .
A Jeremy Feldbusch , 21 años , se le amputo la pierna justo debajo de la rodilla luego que una bomba explotara debajo del camión cisterna que trasportaba petróleo en las afueras del pueblo de Ramani , Irak , el 2 de junio 2004 .
Foto Joe Mitchell / AP .
En esta foto comunicada y difundida por la Casa Blanca , se ve al presidente George W. Bush y su esposa Laura Bush conversando con el sargento Dale Beatty del pueblo de Statesville , NC , a la izquierda de éste su cuñada Wendolyn Summers , su esposa Belinda Beatty y su hijito Lucas de seis meses , durante la visita presidencial a la residencia Fisher House del centro médico del ejército Walter Reed en Washington .
El sargento perdió sus piernas en Irak .
Foto Paul Morse / White House .
El soldado Hilario Bernamis de Micronesia participando a un ejercicio de rehabilitación con su fisioterapista .
Hilario Bernamis perdió sus piernas y un brazo en Irak durante un ataque de bazuka y granada .
Foto Gerald Hebert / AP .
El sargento Roy Mitchell del pueblo de Milan , estado de Indiana , miembro de la 10 división de montaña , haciendo la cola para pagar en un supermercado en los EEUU acompañado de sus hijos Zaccary 11 años a su izquierda y Jerrett de 18 meses sentado en sus piernas , cerca del centro médico Walter Redd en Washington .
El sargento Roy Mitchell fue mutilado en Afganistán cuando su jeep Humvee saltó por los aires luego de pasar encima de una mina antitanque .
Foto Gerald Herbert / AP .
La soldada Danielle Green ( en el medio ) haciendo ejercicios de rehabilitación con su fisioterapista y con un sistema de simulación en vista de preparar su prótesis ortopédica en el centro médico Walter Redd en Washington un 30 de junio 2004 .
Danielle Green perdió parte de su brazo por un ataque de bazuka en Bagdad un mes antes .
Foto Matt Houston / AP .
El soldado George Pérez escuchando los consejos de su doctor fisioterapista durante una sesión de rehabilitación en el centro médico Walter Redd en Washington .
Al soldado
Pérez se le amputó su pierna izquierda luego que su jeep Humvee explosionó en una ruta a consecuencia de una bomba escondida en Irak , en septiembre 2003 .
Foto The News & Observer / Chuck Liddy .
El mismo soldado George Pérez haciendose tocar « la pierna » por un niño .
Foto The News & Observer / Chuck Liddy .
El soldado Tom Porter un doble amputado .
La invasión militar de Irak está dejando muchos mitilados y un gran genocidio del pueblo iraquí .
Foto Kevin Wolf / AP
El presidente George W. Bush saludando al soldado Jaime Brown durante la visita presidencial al centro médico Walter Redd en Washington .
Jaime Brown fue herido en Irak .
Foto Eric Draper / White House .
La camilla en la cual se transporta a los amputados .
Amputado .
Presidente George W. Bush visitando a un amputado en el hospital militar .
Soldado que ha perdido un brazo .
El especialista Robert Acosta recuerda con pesadillas cuando su vehículo Humvee fue atacado .
Foto Ruth Fremson , New York Times .
Robert Acosta .
Foto Ruth Fremson , New York Times .
¿ Cuántos mutilados hay en los Estados Unidos a consecuencia de la invasión de Irak ?
era la pregunta que lanzaba una publicación web en los EEUU mostrando la imagen de un soldado con un brazo ortopédico no identificado .
Foto WIA .
Kris Atherton
Foto Ruth Fremson , New York Times .
Aaron Blakely acompañado por amigos del ejército .
El soldado Gary Boggs .
A algunos kilómetros de la base de Tikrit en Irak , el jeep Humvee del soldado Boggs voló por los aires al explosionar un artefacto artesanal puesto en la ruta , muchas esquirlas se le incrustaron en el cuerpo , una de ellas dañándole el ojo izquierdo el cual perdió la vista .
George W. Bush y un soldado .
El actor cinematográfico Denzel Washington dándole una medalla a Justin R. Burgess .
Fuente Associated Press via Cryptome .
Soldado con quemaduras graves .
El mismo soldado quemado recibiendo los cuidados de un dermatólogo .
El presidente George W. Bush estrechando la mano del soldado Thomas Douglas , 11 abril 2003 .
Foto Casa Blanca , Eric Draper .
Soldado amputado .
Ryan Kelly ayudado a atarse las zapatillas .
Foto Ruth Fremson , New York Times .
El soldado Alan Jermaine Lewis perdió las dos piernas .
Alan Jermaine Lewis .
Un militar no identificado .
Fuente New England Journal of Medicine .
Un militar no identificado .
Fuente New England Journal of Medicine .
Soldado que ha perdido una mano en casa con su compañera .
El soldado Brandon Olson .
Edward Platt .
El especialista Edward Platt del pueblo de Harrisburg probando su nueva pierna ortopédica .
Foto Ruth Fremson , New York Times .
El marine Albert Ross .
Fuente Associated Press via Cryptome .
El soldado David Rozelle .
David Rozelle .
Robert Shrode y su padre en su rancho .
Associated Press via Cryptome .
Soldado amputado .
Soldado amputado .
Soldado lisiado .
Un soldado yendo a la rehabilitación después de haber perdido la pierna , EEUU .
El soldado Gómez que quedó invalido en Irak es ayudado por sus padres a cambiar de posición en la cama .
Foto Rich Hein / Sun-Times .
La mano del soldado Braxton McCoy , 20 años , originario del pueblo de Scipio , EEUU , a quien se le trata de salvar la mano después de una severa explosión .
Foto Peter Lockley / The Salt Lake Tribune .
Soldado amputado .
Soldado amputado .
El soldado Matthew Braddock mirándose su pierna amputada , rescatado de Kirkuk , Irak .
Foto James Nachtwey , VII revista Time .
El soldado Joey Bozik sufrió tres amputaciones , haciendo ejercicios de rehabilitación .
Foto James Nachtwey , VII revista Time .
Ryan Kelly de 24 años perdió su pierna en una explosión en Irak .
Fuente Star Telegram .
El mismo soldado Ryan Kelly haciendo exercicios .
Ryan Kelly en la puerta de su casa .
Foto Michael Crow , The Arizona Republic .
El soldado Alain Jermaine Lewis , 23 años , 3ra Infanteria División USA , fue mutilado por la explosión de una mina cuando su jeep Humve voló por los aires en Bagdad 16 de julio 2003 , el soplo de la explosión le hizo perder la pierna .
Esta foto fue tomada en su casa en Milwaukee , estado de Wisconsin .
© Copyright 2004 , Nina Berman
El soldado Kyle Blumenstock , 19 años sufre de los ojos y se quedó sordo a consecuencia de una explosión .
Foto Lindsey Addario / Corbis .
Robert Loria tocando un pianito en su casa cerca de Middletown , New York .
Loria perdió su brazo izquierdo por la explosión de una bomba en Irak .
Foto Dominick Fiorille .
Sargento Joseph Bozik de Carolina del Norte durante una sesión de fisioterapia en le centro médico de Walter Reed Army en Washington DC .
El jeep humve del sargento Bozik fue destruido por una bomba antitanque en el sur de Bagdad .
Foto Michael Crow , The Arizona Republic .
El Secretario de la Defensa de los Estados Unidos , Donald Rumsfeld conversando con el sargento Heath Calhoun quien perdió sus piernas en Irak .
Foto Donna Miles , Defense Dept .
Una enfermera limpiando la sangre en la cara de un herido .
Lindsey Addario / Corbis .
Soldado Chris Shipley de Glendale .
Foto Pat Shannahan , The Arizona Republic .
El soldado José Martínez quemado en Irak , después de múltiples tratamientos .
Foto Nina Berman .
Sargento Brend Bretz saludando a su hijita de 4 años después de su regreso de Irak en donde perdió las piernas por una explosión .
Foto Cheryl / Evans , The Arizona Republic .
Soldados mutilados en un centro de rehabilitación .
Marines mutilados en un programa del gobierno para tenerlos ocupados .
Un soldado recibiendo la visita de antiguos voluntarios en un hospital de los EEUU .
El ex soldado ( retirado ) Dan Lasko pedaleando su bicicleta con su prótesis ortopédica .
Foto The Washington Post
El soldado Alan Babin cuyo estómago fue herido en Irak anda en silla de ruedas .
Foto de Andrea Bruce Woodall / The Washington Post .
Rosie Babin echa una ojeada desde la puerta a su hijo Alan Babin en el Centro Médico Neurológico de Rehabilitación en la ciudad de Austin , Texas .
Foto de Andrea Bruce Woodall / The Washington Post .
Una muchacha del ejército de los EEUU no identificada y mutilada en ambas piernas haciendo ejercicios de rehabilitación .
Foto Sig. Christenson / Express News Military writer .
Un soldado no identificado que ha perdido su pierna sirviendo en Irak de vuelta en casa en los Estados Unidos
Foto CBS .
Soldado no identificado amputado en ambas piernas
Foto fuente anónima .
Idem , soldado no identificado recibiendo sus prótesis ortopédicas .
Foto fuente anónima .
Soldados estadounidenses mutilados en Irak , a la izquierda Moses Sonera , Daniel Seefeldt ( centro ) y Domingo Soto - Santana descansando en la clínica SeaWorld de San Antonio , EEUU .
Foto Jerry Lara / Express News .
Soldado no identificado haciendo ejercicios de rehabilitación .
Foto anónima .
El capitán Jason Scott buscando con su brazo izquierdo en su cuarto una peque ña pieza de metal que estaba incrustada en su cara cerca al ojo derecho y la cual le fue extraída gracias a una operación de cirugía .
Foto Kevin Clark / The Washington Post .
El capitán Jason Scott mostrando el objeto metálico que estaba incrustado en su cara .
Foto Kevin Clark / The Washington Post .
En las siguientes fotos vemos al soldado estadounidense Bryan Anderson ( con camiseta de color amarillo a la izquierda ) haciendo su ingreso en silla de ruedas a la sala de rehabilitación para minusválidos del centro médico .
Foto Kevin Clark / The Washington Post .
Bryan Anderson poniéndose las prótesis ortopédicas con la ayuda de su padre .
Foto Kevin Clark / The Washington Post .
De pie en el centro médico de Walter Reed ...
Bryan Anderson perdió sus piernas cuando su jeep Humvee explotó a consecuencia de una bomba arrancándole los miembros inferiores y el brazo izquierdo .
Anderson es el cuarto triple amputado desde el inicio de la invasión de Irak por ejército de los EEUU .
Foto Kevin Clark / The Washington Post .
Bryan Anderson aprendiendo a caminar con sus piernas ortopédicas .
Se estima que Anderson recibió alrededor de cien fragmentos metálicos que se le incrustaron en el cuerpo , algunas visibles aún bajo su piel .
Foto Kevin Clark / The Washington Post .
No comment .
Foto Kevin Clark / The Washington Post .
El único miembro que salvo el soldado Bryan Anderson fue el brazo derecho .
Foto Kevin Clark / The Washington Post .
Mientras que Jim y Janet , padres de Bryan Anderson conversan a la izquierda en la sala de fisioterapia , Anderson aprovecha para conversar con Joey Bosic ( a la derecha con camiseta negra ) otro soldado del estado de Carolina del Norte e igualmente triple amputado .
Foto Kevin Clark / The Washington Post .
El sargento Michael McNaughton soldado que perdió su pierna en Irak tiene el honor de poder correr con el presidente George W. Bush , 14 de abril de 2004 .
Agradecemos a los diversos medios de comunicación por el crédito fotográfico .
