100 % found this document useful ( 4 votes )
100 % ( 4 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 4 votes )
How to Increase Internet & Website Traffic
How to increase website and internet traffic in principle .
A three page report that can get you started and takes you from the basics to superior knowledge .
Save Save How to Increase Internet &amp ; Website Traffic For Later
100 % 100 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
A recent study on the music consumption habits of today 's youth shows that most of them download music illegally .
However , music is more popular than ever and 80 percent of the participants indicate that they would pay for a legal filesharing service , if only one was available .
The survey , conducted by British Music Rights among 773 British respondents between the age of 14 - 24 , shows some interesting results .
The survey tapped into the music consumption habits of young people and results suggest that most of them would be interested in paying for a decent “ legal ” filesharing service .
Technology has made it easier for everyone to enjoy , and share music .
The Internet has changed the way people interact with music .
Sites like OiNK made it easy to find and share virtually every piece of music ever produced .
Services like last .fm made it easy to discover new artists and interact with other fans .
Music might be more popular than ever among today ’s youth .
Indeed , the survey shows that the vast majority of the younger generation owns an MP3 player nowadays , including up to 93 % of 14 - 17 year olds .
If people had to pick three items to take with them to a desert island , 73 % would take their music collection .
For most participants these music collections are acquired illegally , as the study shows that 63 % – nearly two - thirds of the respondents – use filesharing services to download copyrighted music .
On average they download 53 tracks a month , but some of the heavy downloaders say they download up to 5,000 tracks a month .
The average MP3 collection contains 1,770 tracks but some contained as many as
75,000 .
The average size of the music collection does not differ among age groups but there is a huge different in the proportion of pirated vs. paid music .
The younger participants , aged 14 - 17 , indicated that over 60 % of their collection consisted of pirated music , compared to 13 % for the age group 25 and up .
The survey also explored whether people would be interested in paid filesharing services that offer licensed tracks .
Of all the participants , 73 % said they would be interested in such a service and that figure went up to 80 % for the people who already use filesharing services .
The respondents indicated that they are most interested in “ download to own ” services , streaming services are less popular with only 35 % expressing an interest .
The study further shows that people would continue to buy CDs and visit concerts if they were allowed to share legally , mostly because they want to support certain artists .
British Music Right Concludes from their survey : “ There is a terrific opportunity for the music industry to grasp right now .
This survey shows just how much respondents love and value music , and
highlights that a significant amount of that value is currently unmonetised . ”
We could n’t agree more with this conclusion , as we have said time and time again .
The Internet and filesharing technologies make it possible to make production ( of the copies ) and distribution costs disappear , yet the prices still do n’t change .
Why ?
Because the industry insists on clinging onto its old business models .
The music industry should focus on monetizing filesharing networks instead of bringing them down .
Sharing is a good thing and there are tons of possibilities to profit from it .
Twisted add - ons , Twisted - based libraries , etc. , that are not part of the Twisted Project proper , but depend upon it .
We are encouraging members of the Twisted community to associate their projects with this " super project . "
You can do this both when creating a new project as well as by changing the details of an already extant project .
Young children are being stuffed into clothes banks by ruthless gangs who clean them out and sell the clothes on the international market .
Children as young as eight are being used by the thieves to steal bags of clothes from charity collection banks in a very lucrative scheme that can earn them huge sums abroad .
On an almost daily basis , drivers from Enable Ireland arrive at clothes recycling banks to find the containers emptied and damaged , causing huge financial loss for the charity .
While some clothing banks are forcibly wrenched open , there is evidence that thieves are using young children to climb into the banks to steal the bags of clothes , running the risk of trapping them inside .
Enable Ireland employed an investigation company , Lodge Services , to monitor the clothes banks in the early hours of the morning in sites around Dublin that have been systematically targeted by thieves .
In one case , the surveillance team witnessed two men in their early 30s wrap a boy of about eight years in a duvet and lower him into a recycling bank .
The child then passed the bags of clothes out to the men , who pulled him back out again after the bank had been cleaned out .
The surveillance report concluded that " a large and extensive surveillance operation " would be needed to continue the operation as the thieves quickly left the scene and were generally lost in traffic on completing the raid .
It is believed that the clothes are taken to the docklands , where they are exported , possibly to overseas recycling centres , where they can be cleaned up and sold on .
According to Ann Kelly , Retail Operations Manager in Enable Ireland , the charity has lost about 72 tonnes of clothing donations so far this year with a minimum value of € 40,000 .
A further € 40,000 is being spent on repairing damaged containers , she said .
" The drivers notify the gardai of the thefts , but there is little that can be done to trace the thieves , " Ms Kelly said .
" Enable Ireland is working on changing the design of the banks to make them tamper proof , such as reinforcing the bank or making the chute smaller , but we would ask people to bring their donations into their local charity shops , directly , if possible . "
There is now intense competition in collecting old clothes , and while some collections are legitimate , others are organised by bogus gangs .
Two rival gangs pulled knives on each other in one confrontation in the south Dublin suburb of Blackrock some time ago .
Mags Gargan is a journalist with ' The Irish Catholic ' newspaper .
Why Merck wants to keep the truth hidden from the public
Should n't Merck be brought to justice ?
Do not allow Merck to conduct further business in this country
( Natural News ) Drug giant Merck has been caught red -handed in a scheme to deceive the FDA and the public over the integrity of its scientific studies , say top medical authorities .
According to reports that were ( amazingly ! ) published in theand detailed in the Washington Post , Merck waged a " campaign of deception " to disguise its in - house study authors as independent scientists working for universities .
This scheme made the studies appear independent and unbiased , allowing them to carry more apparent credibility to FDA officials , doctors and other scientists .
This fraud was conducted to boost the apparent scientific credibility of the studies backing Vioxx , a drug that has caused well over 100,000 heart attacks and likely killed well over 50,000 Americans , according to Senate testimony by the FDA 's own senior drug safety researcher Dr. David Graham .
Vioxx earned Merck $ 2.3 billion in 2003 alone , and was one of the most lucrative drugs ever sold by any company .
But since 2004 , when some of the real dangers of the drug became known , a tremendous amount of evidence leading to fraud has surfaced .
It now appears quite clear that Merck deliberately lied about the dangers of the drug , misrepresented the results of scientific studies , deceived the FDA to win drug approval , knowingly covered up evidence of the drug 's dangers , and now it seems Merck even conducted a deliberate campaign of deceptive ghostwriting designed to attach independent - sounding names to in - house studies that were essentially pro-Vioxx promotional pieces disguised as scientific reports .
NaturalNews has reported on many of the fraudulent actions conducted by Merck over the years .
See our reporting on Merck here : www.NaturalNews.com/Merck.html ... and read our stories about Vioxx here : www.NaturalNews.com/Vioxx.html
What 's interesting about this latest revelation of Merck fraud is that .
And yet at the same time , Merck and the FDA are arguing that such lawsuits should not be allowed at all -- that they should be " preempted " by FDA approval for drugs , thereby keeping Merck 's dirty secrets buried forever , even as consumers harmed by Merck 's drugs are denied any right to sue for damages caused by such drugs !
It is now rather obvious why drug companies like Merck so desperately want immunity from lawsuits -- because the " discovery " phase of these lawsuits is causing Merck 's dirty science to be publicly aired !
It 's allowing the public to have a peek at the skeletons in Merck 's closet .
Merck no doubt wants its secrets to remain secret so that nobody is really aware of the scientific fraud we 're now learning so much about .
I often wonder :
What else is Merck hiding that it does n't want to become public knowledge ?
Now , I have an important question to ask you .
Given the magnitude of the scientific fraud being discovered about Merck , and the number of people who have reportedly been killed by Merck 's products , Why does Merck seem to have an unlimited " get out of jail free " pass from the U.S. government ?
Even while it 's arguing for immunity from public lawsuits , it seems Merck has already achieved a silent , practical immunity from U.S. government regulators and law enforcers .
Can you think of any other corporation that , if caught engaging in widespread fraud that resulted in the death of over 50,000 Americans , would n't be hung out to dry by Congressional investigations and Justice Dept. arrests ?
It is flatly unbelievable to me that a corporation engaged in such massive campaigns of deception and death could be allowed to continue conducting business as usual in the United States .
It 's far worse than what Enron engaged in .
We 're not talking about simple white - collar crimes here ; we 're talking about an ever - expanding collection of body bags , corruption , bribery , secret payoffs , science fraud and , in my opinion , crimes against humanity .
And yet the mainstream media keeps on running Merck 's deceptive ads , holding their noses while they pocket Merck 's illegitimately - earned cash .
When individuals commit fraud and engage in deceptive practices that result in the deaths of other people , we charge them with crimes : Involuntary manslaughter , negligent homicide or even murder .
So why , then , does a powerful corporation get to go free for committing essentially the same crimes ?
In other words , Why , in our nation , are individuals charged with murder or manslaughter when they kill people , but corporations are allowed to kill any number of people with absolutely no consequence ?
They are not arrested , not charged with crimes and not prosecuted .
And on top of that , they have the audacity to argue that they should be granted legal immunity from ALL lawsuits that might be filed by the people their products harm or kill !
It 's truly astounding ... I believe that law enforcement authorities in America have both the right and the responsibility to arrest top Merck executives , seize Merck 's inventory , and deny Merck the right to conduct any further business in this nation by cancelling its corporate charter .
I believe Merck is engaged in serious crimes against the People and that its business practices are clearly being conducted in violation of federal law ( not to mention in violation of basic business ethics and human compassion ) .
If this was any other corporation we were talking about here -- and not Merck -- this company would be subjected to a massive campaign of media scrutiny and Congressional scrutiny .
But not Merck .
It 's too powerful , too influential .
Merck should be renamed " The Teflon Company " because even though it 's pushing dangerous chemicals , nothing seems to stick .
Let me break it down for you and tell you what 's really happening here .
It 's the same old story , after all : I pray for the day that Merck is put out of business , shut down by law enforcement authorities who finally decide to apply existing federal law and prosecute this dangerous , destructive corporation for its organized - crime - like operations .
Americans would be far safer if Merck were shut down .
In fact , the threat to Americans ' health from Merck far outweighs any threat to national security by terrorists .
Think about it :
The current war in Iraq has killed 4,000 Americans .
Just one drug from Merck has killed over 50,000 ( and that 's a conservative estimate ) .
That 's more than ten times the number of Americans killed in our current war !
Is Merck a terrorist organization ?
No , it 's a dishonest , corrupt corporation that pretends to be engaged in good deeds and genuine science .
But if you peek behind the curtain , you find nothing but fraud , deception , and the complete disregard for human life .
Merck is n't a terrorist organization , but it 's killed far more Americans than any terrorist organization could .
Even a dirty bomb set off at the Superbowl ( which was one of the FBI 's recent terrorist concerns ) would n't kill as many Americans as Merck 's drugs have in the last five years .
That 's no exaggeration .
In my opinion , Merck is an evil , out - of - control corporation that 's destroying lives and obliterating any remaining credibility of the pharmaceutical industry .
One day , when the truth finally emerges about the totality of Merck 's crimes against the People and the depth of its willful deception , the public will be stunned , frozen in a state of disbelief that they could have tolerated such heinous crimes right under their noses .
They will think the same thoughts of Nazi supporters seeing Hitler 's concentration camps for the first time ...
How could we have allowed this to happen right here , on our own soil ?
To our own children ?
To our own families ?
It 's time to apply federal laws to Merck and start making arrests .
Too many lives have been lost already , and the extreme fraud being routinely exhibited by Merck should not go unpunished .
It 's time to finally protect Americans from Big Pharma .
Also worth reading :
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the Time Management Expert Dogbert says , " Never put time into an activity that has no potential benefit . "
Dogbert says , " For example , why bother putting on makeup if you 're going to wear that hideous outfit ? "
Dogbert says , " That 's like knitting a sweater for a dead squirrel . "
Among the few things known of that period are the death of a baby sister , a house fire on Christmas Eve 1740 and the death of Augustine , in 1743 .
George eventually inherited the farm and lived in the house until his early 20s , though he took to spending more time with his half - brother Lawrence at another family property , later known as Mount Vernon .
Image
The bowl of an 18th - century pipe , darkened from heavy use , was a key discovery at the site of the boyhood home of George Washington .
The pipe , found in one of the cellars of the house , bears a Masonic crest .
Credit ... Adrian Coakley / National Geographic
Washington ’s mother lived in the house until 1772 , when she moved to Fredericksburg , and the farm was sold five years later .
The house was demolished sometime in the early 19th century ; an 1833 painting shows its ruins .
Other old buildings and newer ones were destroyed , their timber probably burned as fuel , when the farm was occupied by Union soldiers in the Civil War .
The search for anything left of the boyhood home began in earnest seven years ago .
Three likely sites were excavated , Mr. Muraca said .
At the first , two years of work turned up ruins from the 17th century .
The second set of ruins proved to be from a house built in the mid-19th century .
For the last three years , the research team  sometimes as many as 50 workers in the field and laboratories  turned over the stones and soil at the remaining site .
“ If we did n’t hit here , we had no other place to look , ” Mr. Muraca said .
From sections of foundation stones , the bases of two chimneys and remains of four cellars , the archaeologists determined the dimensions of the main house , a rectangle 53 by 37 feet , not counting the separate kitchen .
Other evidence from debris indicated that the house had a clapboard facade and wooden roof shingles .
Mark Wenger , an architectural historian for Ferry Farm , said the house appeared to have had a central hallway with front rooms and back rooms on each side and possibly three rooms upstairs under the slope of the roof .
The front rooms faced on the river , which in those days was navigable to large sailing ships .
Tags
[ The Revolution : A Manifesto .
By Ron Paul .
Grand Central Publishing , 2008 .
Xi + 173 pages . ]
In his historic campaign for president , Ron Paul again and again held up the Constitution as a benchmark to judge the policies of the American government .
For this , some libertarians criticized him .
Was Paul not guilty of " constitution worship " ?
What has a document that began as an effort to replace the Articles of Confederation with a more effective and powerful central government to do with libertarianism ?
Indeed , some of his most severe critics claimed , Ron Paul did not qualify as a libertarian at all .
In The Revolution : A Manifesto , Ron Paul responds magnificently to this false and irresponsible charge .
He is well aware of the limited value of the Constitution : it is a far from ideal arrangement .
Nevertheless , it remains the fundamental law of the United States and , if interpreted correctly , provides an excellent means to check the depredations of a government that violates its provisions .
To be sure , the U.S. Constitution is not perfect .
Few human contrivances are .
But it is a pretty good one , I [ Paul ] think , and it defines and limits the scope of government .
When we get into the habit of disregarding it , … we do so at our peril .
( p. 67 )
To say this at once raises a new question : how is the Constitution to be interpreted ?
Paul answers that it must be read in a way consistent with the underlying principle of the document , the promotion of freedom .
In this connection , he cites effectively a speech by Daniel Webster that condemned conscription as unconstitutional .
The Constitution does not mention the subject at all : how then could he be so sure that the government lacked this power ?
Webster said that since the Constitution aims to promote freedom , no infringement of freedom could possibly be constitutional unless the document explicitly mandated it .
A free government with arbitrary means to administer it is a contradiction ; a free government without adequate provisions for personal security is an absurdity ; a free government , with an uncontrolled power of military conscription , is a solecism , at once the most ridiculous and abominable that ever entered into the head of man .
( p. 56 , quoting Webster )
Webster 's view , here adopted by Paul , closely resembles Lysander Spooner 's method of constitutional analysis , by which he controversially attempted to show the unconstitutionality of slavery , long before the adoption of the Thirteenth Amendment .
Of course the most well known of Ron Paul 's recent attempts to use the Constitution to check federal power involves the Iraq war .
The Constitution vests in Congress , not the president , to right to declare war .
The Iraq war is then illegal , since Congress has not issued such a declaration .
Supporters of the war cannot appeal to " authorization of force " resolutions .
Congress cannot constitutionally delegate its power to declare war to the president , leaving it for him to decide when force is to be used appropriately .
Paul makes his criticism even stronger by connecting it to the just - war tradition .
It is an uncontroversial part of that tradition that a war cannot be just unless it is initiated by one holding authority to do so .
In our system of government , it is Congress that possesses this power .
Absent a Congressional declaration of war , then , the Iraq war is unjust .
( The point must not be misunderstood .
It is not a requirement for any just war that it be authorized by legislative resolution : it is only that if a legal system vests the power to declare war in this way , it can not be justly exercised otherwise .
In the American system , war without a Congressional declaration is unjust as well as illegal . )
Ron Paul also uses the Constitution as an instrument for sound monetary policy .
As everyone knows , he is an able and effective advocate of Austrian economics .
" I [ Paul ] myself identify with a school of economic thought known as the Austrian School of economics , whose key twentieth - century figures included Ludwig von Mises , F.A. Hayek , Murray Rothbard , and Hans Sennholz " ( p. 102 ) .
This careful student of Murray Rothbard realizes , much better than any other member of Congress , that sound finance demands the abolition of the Federal Reserve System and the restoration of the gold standard .
He shows that the Constitution can be read in a way that promotes these goals .
The government is granted the power to coin money , but in Paul 's construal , this authorizes only gold or other metals as money .
Fiat money is , he holds , specifically forbidden by the prohibition on emitting bills of credit .
The power to regulate the value of money does not mean the federal government can debase the currency ; the Framers would never have given the federal government such a power .
It is nothing more than a power to codify an already existing definition of the dollar … in terms of gold ; it also refers to the government 's power to declare the ratio between gold and silver , or gold and any other metal , based on the market value of those metals .
( pp. 138–39 )
Against the line of analysis that Paul has followed , some might object that the Constitution must be read as a " living " document .
Why should we care today what the Framers of the Constitution intended ?
Paul responds that the " living constitution " eliminates any limits on the power of the government .
That 's why on this issue I [ Paul ] agree with historian Kevin Gutzman , who says that those who would give us a " living " Constitution are actually giving us a dead Constitution , since such a thing is completely unable to protect us against the encroachments of government power .
( p. 49 )
Just the point of resort to the Constitution in the first place was to resist government ; we cannot then embrace a scheme of interpretation that prevents us from realizing this purpose .
The Revolution : A Manifesto is by no means confined to Constitutional issues .
Owing to the central importance of resistance to the Bush administration 's bellicose foreign policy , I propose to concentrate on Paul 's treatment of this subject .
As mentioned before , Paul defends the traditional American foreign policy of nonintervention .
In a recent book , Dangerous Nation ( Knopf , 2006 ) , Robert Kagan , whom I discuss elsewhere in this issue , has advanced a surprising claim .
He denies that the interventionist policy he and his fellow neoconservatives favor breaks with tradition .
Not at all , he says : America has from its inception wished to carry to others its form of government , based on free principles .
America has always favored democratic revolutions abroad .
The quest to bring democracy to Iraq is no aberration of Bush and his advisors , but solidly in the American tradition .
Paul does not refer to Kagan , but he offers sufficient material to refute this preposterous view .
He quotes both John Quincy Adams and Henry Clay as rejecting intervention to help revolutions in foreign countries .
Adams said of America ,
She well knows that by once enlisting under other banners than our own , were they even the banners of foreign independence , she would involve herself beyond the power of extrication , in all the wars of interest and intrigue , of individual avarice , envy , and ambition , which assume the colors and usurp the standards of freedom .
( p. 13 )
Clay likewise said , " By the policy to which we have adhered since the days of Washington … we have done more for the cause of liberty than arms could effect " ( p. 14 ) .
Kagan 's thesis flies in the face of the history he pretends to interpret .
Paul also shows effectively that Bush 's foreign policy breaks with American conservatism .
In his televised debates with McCain , Giuliani , and others , Paul attracted much attention by appealing to Taft Republicanism .
He continues that theme in The Revolution : A Manifesto and also notes that Felix Morley , Richard Weaver , Russell Kirk , and Robert Nisbet — all eminent conservative intellectuals — condemned the rampant interventionism of post - Wilsonian foreign policy .
Nisbet reminded his audience that war was revolutionary , not conservative .
He likewise warned that socialist proposals have often , under wartime conditions , become the law of the land .
( p. 33 )
Whatever the validity of nonintervention in the past , have not the terrorist attacks of 9/11 changed matters entirely ?
Now we must combat global jihad , which aims to bring down our way of life ; and the old rules no longer apply .
Paul counters that the terrorist attacks have been a response to American intervention in the Middle East , not an amorphous assault against America as such .
If we were to end our costly meddling in this region , there is every reason to expect that the terrorist danger would abate .
In this connection , Paul quotes the renowned expert on al - Qaeda , Michael Scheuer :
About the only thing that can hold together the very loose coalition that Osama bin Laden has assembled is a common Muslim hatred for the impact of U.S. foreign policy …
To the extent we change that policy in the interests of the United States , they become more and more focused on their local problems .
( p. 18 )
The Iraq war has not only caused death and destruction abroad .
It has damaged our civil liberties at home .
The " misnamed Patriot Act " ( p. 114 ) , as Paul aptly terms this nefarious piece of legislation , allows the administration to arrest and hold without trial anyone it wishes , not excepting American citizens .
Were not such lettres de cachet a cause of the French Revolution ?
Even John Ashcroft , hardly a civil libertarian , had before his accession to the cabinet condemned measures like those he was later to enforce .
" While a U.S. Senator during the Clinton years , Ashcroft warned about proposed invasions of privacy " ( p. 117 ) .
Paul , not content with criticism , has proposed concrete legislation to end this outrage .
Ron Paul 's outstanding book is must reading for everyone who values liberty .
A specialist marksman will carry out a " humane cull " of pigeons in the Memorial Gardens , Kingston 's Town Centre Management announced this week .
The cull will be done by a private pest control contractor from Cobham as part of a three - year programme to reduce Kingston 's pigeon population .
Graham McNally , town centre manager , said it had considered other ways of culling before deciding on shooting .
He said : " At this moment in time , a specialist marksman will be used to shoot the pigeons .
I can definitely say there will be no gassing and no poisoning .
The cull will be carried out discreetly . "
Mr McNally could not confirm when precisely the cull would begin , but it is expected in the next month .
Police permission has been obtained for the shoot , which will be carried out in the early hours of the morning .
The programme will cost nearly £ 14,000 , with half of that allocated for the first year alone .
Mr McNally said : " We are also working on removing their food and stopping those who foolishly feed the pigeons . "
The Surrey Comet would like to thank all of our visitors who left comments on this story .
Many comments were obviously heartfelt and others humorous and the issue has clearly sparked a lot of interest - but the debate has now been closed .
You can read some of the comments below .
Posted by Christobel Young on 1:08 pm Fri 24 Nov 06
The pigeons are part of Kingston - they harm no one .
The council wastes so much of our our taxes with inefficient paving works that are being carried out in the town - which is unsafe - and I can vouch for that as I caught my toe in the pavement and fell over .
It has taken ages to get better .
What terrible action is to be taken when there are so many things that could be done to improve things for the town .
Posted by Martin Wildoat on 10:56 am Wed 29 Nov 06
I agree with this action .
Pigeons carry all manner of diseases like AIDS , malaria , rabies and mad cow disease to name but a few .
They are also very aggressive and I can vouch for this as I was attacked by a flock and pecked severely while on my way home from flower arranging classes .
In fact I would be more than happy to help in the killing of these evil creatures .
Well done Kingston council keep up the good work .
Posted by : Stephanie Baxendale on 8:03 pm Wed 29 Nov 06
Why not just round these flying rats up in a big net ?
Surely the council could find some practical use , for example setting up a tasty pigeon pie stall in the centre of town .
I for one would be grateful to see these horrific beasts removed from the Royal borough altogether !
They are a nuisance , and also the flying wizards of Satan .
There , I 've said it .
Posted by : Mr Dallinger on 9:57 pm Wed 29 Nov 06
I think the correct solution would be to hack the wings off as many pigeons as possible before joining them together to create one large wing .
This could be wafted at the pigeons by any member of the townsfolk when numbers got too high .
Children could also shelter under it at times of heavy rain or possibly loud thunder .
Posted by : Norman Ski on 10:13 pm Wed 29 Nov 06
This is preposterous !
Pigeons performed a vital role in assisting communications in both World Wars and should therefore be encouraged to breed in higher numbers in order to remind us that we must never forget .
Perhaps the money would be better spent erecting a large memorial of a Rock Pigeon or perhaps a Feral Pigeon - I 'll leave that decision to the council .
I do n't think a Wood Pigeon memorial would be particularly appropriate because I do n't think they did too much for us during the war .
Other than food .
Posted by : Norman Farnsbarns McArthey on 11:56 pm Wed 29 Nov 06
I say train the blighters to do an honest days work and to earn their right to live in Her Royal Majesties Royal borough .
Maybe they could be trained to assist the police as they could spot crime while on high and report back to the station swiftly .
The more aggressive ones could become a sort of elite police flighting unit that could intervene in violent incidents that are sadly becoming all to common in our wonderful town .
Posted by : jhona rantambore on 11:59 pm Wed 29 Nov 06
Kill them with axes .
Posted by : Mrs D. Smithers on 12:05 am Thu 30 Nov 06
I was once saved from certain death when a pair of woods grasped me by the shoulders and flew me from the path of an oncoming car .
Now these feathered heroes follow me everywhere and they often speak to me too .
I will be going out tomorrow tooled up to protect this noble race of animals and if I find the marksman then it will be me or him .
I say NO to the slaughter of the innocents and am willing to lay down my life in their defence .
As for them being the spawn of Satan , well , that is obviously a comment from a very deluded person , get help is all I can say to that , everyone knows they are God 's messengers .
Posted by : Roland Runtfarmer on 12:29 am Thu 30 Nov 06
What a lot of fuss over nothing .
Everyone knows pigeons can't be killed , they are immortal and immune to bullets .
Where I come from we worship the pigeon deity and never look them in the eye as this can turn a man to stone .
I can only warn the gunman chappy that if he should lift a finger against but one bird he will incur their never ending wrath and more than likely burn in **** for his actions .
I would not risk it myself , it 's just not worth it .
Leave it !!!
Many have tried and even the mightiest have failed !
The only way that may have some effect is to tie them down and chant incantations while you flay their hides with an stout oaken branch blessed by a high priest of Nayhead .
Mr McNally , the orchestrater of this ill thought out plan I say unto you beware the consequences of your actions against the blessed ones .
Posted by : Fancy Coo-Coo on 12:57 pm
Thu 30 Nov 06
I 'm horrified at the very idea anyone might want to harm these gentle creatures .
I myself was raised by pigeons after being abandoned in Trafalgar Square as a young nipper .
Therefore I know how noble and generous a species they really are .
If anyone were to kill a pigeon in this way , it would be as though they are slaughtering one of my own family .
It 's murder , I say !
Posted by : Free Willy on 3:24 pm
Thu 30 Nov 06
I know what you mean , reader .
I was raised by yaks but I 'm sure the experience was similar .
How about a council worker cull instead .
Posted by : Michael Hunt on 4:17 pm Thu 30 Nov 06 .
Pigeons can be very intelligent creatures .
This is because they are actually bred from dolphins and can travel vast lengths underwater as well as through the air .
I warn you now Council folk , if you so much as dare remove or cull any pigeon from Kingston or the surrounding local I shall withhold my council tax !
I 'm prepared to go to prison to save these beautiful specimens of birds so just forget it ok ?
Posted by : Joseph Jacobs on 4:51 pm Thu 30 Nov 06
What about dogs ?
Surely these vermin are more of a pest than lovely pigeons .
Any dog seen fouling our beautiful Royal borough should be shot on sight .
Great .
Tiddly tum te de .
Posted by : Mr Snorter on 4:57 pm Thu 30 Nov 06
Pigeons are kind and caring .
Two come and visit me each day and tell me things .
They told me not to discuss this with anyone so none of you say anything if they should ask you .
OK ?
Posted by : Mr Dallinger on 5:06 pm Thu 30 Nov 06
My elder sister was held captive for nine days by a flock of rock pigeons on a small island near Malta in 1979 - it may have been Gozo but I 'm not too sure .
( Sorry about that . )
As you might gather she suffers from nightmares and flashbacks but she has also developed a loathing of millet seeds for some strange reason .
She is in full support of the cull and , in actual fact , she has already applied for the job and fully intends to carry out her duties as soon as possible - whether she gets the job or not .
Be careful around town folks - she 's not a good shot .
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 5:18 pm Thu 30 Nov 06
Dear Margaret .
As you can see I 've finally mastered this email thing !
Sue and John came to visit today , which was nice , and it was Sue who taught me how to use the email .
I shall be writing to you often now that I have figured it out .
Please send my love to Helen and the boys .
See you soon Love Mum xxx
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 6:27 pm Thu 30 Nov 06
Dear Mr Umbuku
Please excuse any email fau pas I may make as this is only the second email I have ever written .
Is n't it exciting ?
I was so sorry to hear about your plight with the Nigerian authorities and the subsequent demise of your mother , it must be a very difficult time for you my dear .
My husband was saying only yesterday that the pond needed a new liner and the amount of money you are offering is quite staggering .
Those Nigerian authorities have no right to withhold all that money , especially as it belongs to your family .
Mr Dallinger has asked that I reply to you and confirm that the amount you wish to place into our bank account is indeed $ 645,00000 ?
It does seem rather a lot .
I look forward to your reply .
Your sincerely Mrs D Dallinger
Posted by : Danny Delgado on 7:04 pm
Thu 30 Nov 06
I myself have never been attacked by a pigeon , nor indeed defecated upon by such a feathered being , but I feel it is my duty to point out to certain contributors to this discussion that it is no laughing matter to be on the receiving end of pests and vermin .
Just the other day , for example , I was held prisoner in my own home by a violent squirrel who demanded I perform certain " acts " in order to regain my freedom .
I was shamed .
But the most shameful thing is , I secretly enjoyed it .
How wrong is that ?
Posted by : Percy Killen on 8:59 pm
Thu 30 Nov 06
I defecated on a pigeon once .
Posted by : Simon Jordan on 9:08 pm
Thu 30 Nov 06
This is a subject very dear to my heart .
You see , I was a pigeon in a former life .
I know a lot of people do n't believe in reincarnation , but it 's true .
Though I was a different sex as well as species to what I am now .
I was a female pigeon called " Susan " .
I 'm rather ashamed to admit it but I was n't a particularly evolved member of the bird family in my past life and I used to **** on people for fun and make loud , squawking noises to gain attention .
I 'm doing my best to make amends in my current lifetime , but sometimes old habits die hard .
The point is , I suppose , that God loves all creatures , great and small and regression therapy might open a few people 's eyes to the plight of other species on our planet .
Posted by : Hugh Jarvis on 9:46 am Dec 1
Can I just say that this letter column is rapidly degenerating into a farce , a French one with bedroom doors opening and closing and men running around with their trousers round their ankles and fancy women pottering about in high heels .
And what 's that got to do with pigeons ?
Nothing !
That 's right !
NOTHING !
NOTHING !
NOTHING !
Posted by : Tania on 12:15 am Dec 1
For me personally , I will not shop in Kingston ever again ( vote with your money everyone ) and I also will be contacting HM Queen as she is a keen pigeon fancier and this is a Royal borough .
Posted by : Terry Squirrel on 1:01 pm Dec 1
I for one will be pretty nervous while there 's some bloke with a gun shooting at all the wildlife .
I mean I 'm sure he 's a good shot and everything but suppose a bullet goes through the pigeon - what kind of damage might that cause ?
Believe me , tree - dwellers will be pretty nervous while this marksman's on the prowl !
Do n't do anything pidgeon - like , like dressing up as a pigeon .
You could end up getting shot !
Posted by : Stella Street ( Ms ) on 1:41 pm Dec 1
Stop , McNally !
It has been proven , beyond reasonable doubt , that pigeons are an alien lifeform .
Any attempt to mash them will inevitably alert their mothership to this atrocity , and bring fire from the sky upon all our children 's heads .
I suggest we wrap ourselves up in a family sized pack of tin foil - Nothing to do with the pigeon aliens , it just makes me ****
Posted by : Dave ' The Kod ' Johnson on 1:45 pm Dec 1
Let 's just relax here - they 're just PIGEONS , bear that in mind .
They 're just fluffy little critters who are cute and tickle you with their whiskers ... ah no , that 's kittens .
Sorry .
Posted by : Nicholas Cartwheels on 1:57 pm Dec 1
Gas them like badgers !
Posted by : Bob -a - job Bob on 2:14 pm Dec 1
This story is just a cover up !
The real reason they are killing the Pigeons is that they are all genetically created , highly trained , radioactive killing machines .
They are bred for the sole purpose of poisoning us all with highly toxic , isotope laced raw fish .
Their sole purpose to re-ignite the cold war .
You mark my words , the evidence for this will becoem clear soon enough .
The end of the world is night !!!
Posted by Mr Mirkin on 2:26 pm Dec 1
I hate them .
Especially their toes !
Posted by : Kim Jon Il on 2:53 pm Dec 1
I just hope the council do n't get more than they bargained for .
I have heard the PLF ( Pigeon Liberation Front ) have been actively sourcing arms from overseas and are preparing for a military cooooooo !
Posted by : Adam Damerell on 2:36 pm Fri 1 Dec 06
I likes pigeons I do
Posted by : Mervyn House on 2:49 pm Fri 1 Dec 06
OK , wipe out all the pigeons .
And then what will the squirrels eat ?
Posted by : H Aribo on 2:50 pm Fri 1 Dec 06
I have heard that this is linked to the poisoning of that Russin " spy " .
These are not your common vermin pigeons .
These are KGB trained special forces stamford bridge style poison pigeons .
Posted by : Bob -a - job Bob on 3:04 pm Fri 1 Dec 06
Oi , H Aribo , NO !
Your repeating ( a bit like Pigeon Pie ! )
Posted by : Hertz Van Rental on 4:24 pm Fri 1 Dec 06
Is deze de weg naar Amarillo ?
Iedere nacht ik heb omhelsd mijn kussen dat dromen van Amarillo Droomt waar Marie die mij wacht op
Posted by : Mr Umbuku on 5:20 pm Fri 1 Dec 06
Dear Mrs D Dallinger ,
I have deposited the $ 645,000 into your account .
Your kind offer of 50 viagra tablets would be most welcome .
I am also sorry to hear about the pigeon problem in your local area .
For a small sum , say $ 10,000 , we could arrange to protect these precious creatures .
Humbly yours ,
Mr Umbuku
Posted by : Segley Farnsworth on 6:36 pm Fri 1 Dec 06
I think it 's disgraceful , the way that people are abusing the privilege to post replies to this article .
When I was young , my father would have given me the strap for behaving with so little respect .
Youngsters nowadays have no respect and cannot see that they are wasting hard working taxpayers ' money .
I am going to write to the Daily Mail at once .
You have been warned .
Posted by : Joe on 6:43 pm Fri 1 Dec 06
Mrs S Farnsworth ,
Perhaps I can interest you in some Viagra .
It will help your husband loosen you up .
Yours ,
Joe
Posted by : Rudolph Ucker on 7:27 pm Fri 1 Dec 06
Zis ist einer zerious .
Az spooken before ze peegin ov ze Britisher schwinehund Tommy Army vas a klein thornenhausen in mein schide in za var !
You Britisher pig dogs do not know how to treet your glorious heroes !
Ach it makes ein vish to schpiten !!
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 2:52 pm Sat 2 Dec 06
Dear Mr Umuku
I fear a terrible mistake has been made !
My bank has informed me that my account is overdrawn to the sum of £ 325,531 .
On today 's currency markets that would equate to roughly $ 645,000 which was the sum you had kindly offered to us .
I 'm sure you 've just made a silly mistake my dear but I ask that you rectify the problem at the earliest opportunity as I am accruing massive interest charges .
Yours sincerely
Mrs D Dallinger
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 3:08 pm Sat 2 Dec 06
Dear Joe
I am somewhat surprised that you are still sending me offers for Viagra - 17 this week !
As explained earlier I am quite satisfied the with the staying power of Mr Dallinger and therefore I shall ( still ) not be requiring your product .
Yours sincerely
Mrs D Dalinger
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 3:39 pm Sat 2 Dec 06
Pigeons pecked my old aunty Betty to death at Lourdes in 1944 .
At first we we were very upset but we can all see the funny side when we look back now .
Mrs D Dallinger
Posted by : yeltsin on 4:27 pm Sat 2 Dec 06
Dont worry .
we have ways of dealing with pigeons who have defecated from the KGB .
we have booked with BA already .
Posted by : Michael Munch - Bucket on 6:44 pm Sat 2 Dec 06
Perhaps the council would be justified in killing the ugly ones only .
Posted by : The Black Dog on 10:50 pm Sun 3 Dec 06
I often linger in the streets of an evening speaking with the pigeons especially the ones who have those funny little knobs instead of feet .
They have warned of a mass uprising in the avian population in general should the council go ahead with what amounts to genecide .
Be warned KCC you will be judged .
Posted by : Tania on 12:15 am Mon 4 Dec 06
Well firstly these idiots that are posting complete rubbish should have their posts removed .
There are also some very ignorant people out there who just see pigeons as pests .
A cull will not work - sure for a little while there may be a few less but that void gets filled by the remaining pigeons who will have more food ( people will still feed them belive me ) and they will breed and the numbers will just increase again .
Catch 22 !!
Kingston Council should have contacted PICAS who give advice on non-lethal ways of controlling pigeons .
For me personally , I will not shop in Kingston ever again ( vote with your money everyone ) and I also will be contacting HM Queen as she is a keen pigeon fancier and this is a Royal borough ... and finally if I should happen on any injured birds that these idiot marksmen have not killed properly , well I shall be contacting the RSPCA to ask them to take the council and their dirty henchmen to court for causing uneccessary suffering to pigeons as in the 1911 Animals Act .
What rights do humans have over other species ?
- we are destroying the planet as it is so hey lets stop destroying some of the birds too .
It makes me ashamed of my own species sometimes .
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 9:18 am Mon 4 Dec 06
Tania
Sensible comments only please .
Mrs D Dallinger
Posted by : Terry Squirrel on 9:35 am Mon 4 Dec 06
The Queen 's a pigeon fancier ?
Oh dear , what a comical mistake : those are horses , big flightless quadrupeds that she 's a fan off .
Pigeons are small grey birds who would n't get anywhere with Franco Dettori sitting on them .
And there 's never been a Dick Francis book about pigeon racing , at least not to my knowledge .
And I 'm a squirrel .
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 9:45 am Mon 4 Dec 06
Dear Mr Squirrel
You appear to have made the classic mistake of confusing a horse with a Corgi .
I do it regularly !
Having said that though I am at pains to remember reading a Dick Francis book about corgi's winning the Cheltenham Gold Cup .
Perhaps Franco Dettori would be better suited to riding the corgi than the pigeon .
Posted by : Roger Boat on 1:10 pm Mon 4 Dec 06
I find it preposerous that Tania suggests that we all catch 22 pigeons each .
Why should I do the councils work ?
I fear this proposal is dangerous , difficult and totally unworkable .
She should have her post removed the silly nilly .
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 2:02 pm Mon 4 Dec 06
Ufortunately for Tania , and possible several thousand Kingston - based pigeons , there is no provision in the 1911 Animals Act to protect pigeons .
The act was introduced in order to protect animals and makes no mention of pigeons .
Sorry .
Posted by : Rev Smedley on 2:16 pm Mon 4 Dec 06
Mrs Dallinger you are correct there is no mention of pigeons in the animal rights act of 1911 and Tania is sadely mistaken , a case of opening ones mouth before putting ones brain into gear I fear .
I know this because for many years I and several of my flock have been lobying for a change in this act so that pigeons are included as we forsaw that this oversite by the lawmakers would sooner or latter rear its ugly head .
We continue our struggle and now we will pray for Tania too who obviously does not know the difference between a pigeon and an animal !
Posted by : Nigel boffin on 2:25 pm Mon 4 Dec 06
I dont believe that no one has come out and stated the obvious yet .
These creatures need to be put to use which is simply achieved by boreing small holes into their skulls ( which are thin ) and inserting microprocessors .
These pigeons could then be forced electronically to write blogs and perform basic programming tasks .
How nice .
Posted by : Nigel boffin on 2:25 pm Mon 4 Dec 06
I dont believe that no one has come out and stated the obvious yet .
These creatures need to be put to use which is simply achieved by boreing small holes into their skulls ( which are thin ) and inserting microprocessors .
These pigeons could then be forced electronically to write blogs and perform basic programming tasks .
How nice .
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 2:36 pm Mon 4 Dec 06
Dear Joe
Enough is enough now !
I have already responded to 47 of your emails regarding the cheap viagra and , for the 48th time , I do not wish to take up your kind offer at this moment , thank you very much !
Yours sincerely
Mrs D Dallinger
Posted by : Horatio Phtang - Phtang Guttershrub on 2:50 pm Mon 4 Dec 06
What a wonderful and charming read this debate has been .
Maybe a solution to the problem has been overlooked in all this excitement .
Would it not be possible for Mrs Dallinger 's rigidly endowed husband to humanely kill these flying rats by clubbing them to death with his viagra gorged tally - wacker ?
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 3:10 pm Mon 4 Dec 06
Dear Mr Phtang - Phtang Guttershrub ,
I wish to make it clear that Mr Dallinger 's ' tally - wacker ' is not , nor has ever been , gorged with Viagra .
This is not the first misunderstanding I have had to put up with lately .
In fact it is the 3rd this week !
Only yesterday the bank called to inform Mr Dallinger and I that they would be foreclosing on our mortgage as a consequence of us not being able to keep up with some rather large interest payments .
Thank you
Mrs D Dallinger
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 3:23 pm Mon 4 Dec 06
Dear Joe
Events in the Dallinger ' household have , to put it mildly , been a little strained lately and , as a result , Mr Dallinger appears to be having some difficulty raising his stature sufficiently to meet bedroom expectations .
Would you therefore dispatch the 100 Viagra tablets at your earliest convenience .
Many thanks ,
Yours sincerely
Mrs D Dallinger
Posted by : The Pigeons on 6:44 pm Mon 4 Dec 06
We still here and we will aim at de head of de McNally dude .
Be warned !
Posted by : Eric Lempelala on 11:53 am Tue 5 Dec 06
Dear Mr McNally ,
Please could you send some of your trained marksmen over to Australia to carry out a " humane cull " of English cricketers ?
It would be best for everyone , I think .
Maybe we could put a few pigeons in England jumpers and caps instead of the rabble who are over there representing our great nation , including the Right Royal Borough ( tm ) .
They would look nice on the outfield with their iridescent plumage , and could provide a more attacking alternative to Ashley Giles .
Posted by : Arthur Aardvark on 2:23 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
Do pigeons come from Peru , Peru ?
Posted by : wiggins nolington on 3:53 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
Do pigeons come from Peru ?
Are you some sort of **** **** or what ?
They come from **** Albania you stupid **** !!!
Now **** off .
Posted by : Nigel wise on 7:22 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
Mr Graham McNally , you are very sick and need to be tied to something stout in the town center and left there for eight consecutive days , preferably during the months of october and september when it rains alot .
During this time you need to be subjected to prolonged thrashings and taunts from the baying , angry mob that is sure to build up to witness your punishment .
After this time you should be cut down and forced to crawl around Kingston making noises like the pigeons you wish to persecute untill your teeth fall from your head .
You are not fit to walk the streets of our fair borough , you are less than vermin and will be judged when the time is right .
Yours ,
N. Wise , high priest of the order of rastafari .
Posted by : Roger on 7:30 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
I once saw a man goign to St Ives and he had seven wives , although one was under the age of 21 so she could n't get in to the clubs .
I remember it will because its not every day you see someone with 7 wives but they were all complete munters to say the least .
One had herself dragging on the floor and not in a JLo way .
I said " There goes the neighbourhood " I said to my cat which subsequentially lost its 10th life .
Its true , he was walking down the road humming the post man pat theme when BLAM , the A - Team ran him over .
I blame that Hannible , is he the one that al3 ways likes a plan going ahead ?
Or is that Murdoch ?
Which one was in Police Academy with the boxer who beat the Russian who had the poisoning like in the Hindenburg film with Timothy Dalton ?
Thats Toy Story you think but no its not , as Woody is in Toy Story or the Lion King , I forget these Disney movies they are all the same , a load of **** with no point to the plot .
When I watch them I cry , what is the point of a movie if you can't laugh ?
But then again I lost my muscles in the war which enabled me to laugh .
It was a horrid war , between the Taliban and the Germans , needless to say those Germs beat them 10 to nothing in the first innings .
What a game that was .
I had salt and vinegar crisps in one hand when a ball came out of no where and landed in my lap .
I said " Oi , thats just not on " and the man kindly put it back in his pocket .
Although it was quite nice but it was a very funny colour .
It was completely blue !!
Well I was wearing sun glasses at the time from Dolce and Gabbana and I thought " Is n't that nice " but it was n't .
Anyway these flying rats are gorgeous creatures , in the war we used to sit in the trenchs and sing to them .
I remember a lovely song which was a hymn but everyopne sung it , and everyone knew it , I sing it to this day but cry sometimes as I cannot remember the words , or how to swallow .
My wife can remember how to swallow which is nice .
When I first hummed this tune they danced in the trenchs and got shot , thats the first catapillar I ate , but who knows why I did n't have seconds .
These Pigs are **** nasty business they pull you over when trying to wank them off like on the tv , oh disgraceful it was but Rebecca Loos enjoyed it the dirty **** ****.
It was lovewly to see you all so soon after the war , am I in heaven ?
Or is this a marmite sandwich in front of me ?
Oh look there is a man with seven wives there .
There goes the neighbourhood
Posted by : Mike Woods on 7:33 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
Pass that oaken rod , I 'll strike the first blow .
You runt McNally !
Posted by : Dr Millow on 7:40 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
Dear Reader Rodger of two posts ago .
I am a doctor so you canm trust me and I was wondering if you had been down to the woods laterly and if perhaps you had happened upon a mushroom or two and by chance eaten them ?
My advise would be to avoid this practice as it obviosly does not agree with you .
I have heard that a large dose of LSD will nullify the effects of the mushrooms so give that a try if you are still feeling a bit odd .
Posted by : Mark Hawks on 7:51 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
A few years ago , when I was going through a difficult patch , I was convicted of 3 counts of worrying pigeons in Kingston market place and had another 30 offences taken into consideration .
For this I received 100 hour comunity service .
Now the same people who prosecuted me wish to shoot the pigeons .
Where is the sense in it all ?
I would like to invite all the pigeons of Kingston to come and live with me , ah what bliss that would be .
Posted by : Nick Larter on 7:57 pm
Tue 5 Dec 06
I recall from my days studying agricultural zoology many years ago that one time honoured remedy is to lace pigeon feed with calcium carbide granules .
This compound reacts with the water in their stomachs when they eat the feed to generate acetylene gas which combusts on contact with air and * POW * exit pigeon .
Course you have to set the doctored feed out on days when it 's not likely to rain .
Posted by :
The knight wot says Ni on
I think the important questions here are yet to have been mooted ; are these the european or african pigeons ??
Posted by : Dingbat on 8:28 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
When white settlers arrived in America , there were 5 billion Passenger Pigeons .
By 1914 they 'd eaten them all and the Passenger Pigeon was extinct .
Could n't McDonalds introduce a Kingston pigeon burger ?
Posted by : Mrs Dallinger on 10:09 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
I fear they already have Mr Dingbat , I believe it goes under the name of KFC
Yours ever - so helpfully
Mrs D Dallinger
Posted by : Brian Pigeon on 11:17 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
Got to be said - killing us pigeons is wrong .
End of .
Remember that stuff that went down about kids in hoodies hanging out in shopping centres ?
They never got culled .
Yet pigeons , who are n't into mugging old ladies or nicking electrical goods - not ever - we get it in the neck everytime !
It 's not on .
Your pal
Brian Pigeon
Posted by : GilgaFrank on 11:23 pm Tue 5 Dec 06
Burn them in cleansing righteous fire
Posted by : Lord Umbuku on 12:13 am today
Mrs Dallinger , I am pleased to inform you that my circumstances are now much more agreeable .
I donated the £ 325,531 that you so kindly gave to me to the Labour Party and now I appear to have gained a life peerage !
I was amazed that in today 's beauracratic world I did n't even have to fill out out any extra forms !
The peerage arived in the post last monday !
Your Friend ,
Lord Umbuku
---------------
Lord Umbuku :
IRAQ Study Group
The House of Lords
Somewhere Up
It 's own Farse
London
----------------
This E - Mail is top secret and more mundanely ; spelling punctuation and grammar free .
( Lost those marks on the GCSE paper then ! )
OMFG we 'll set the KGB on you for complaining about the use of semi-colons !
Posted by : Zomg Hacks on 12:14 am Wed 6 Dec 06
I love horses .
I mean pidgeons , I love pidgeons .
Not sexually of course , that would be insane .
Posted by : Rolf Mayo on 12:19 am today
I was going on an errand and for snorts and giggles I took along a basket of pigeons to release and let them fly home .
I had a bunch of homers ( not homos ) and I accidentally included a dropper ( a fancy pigeon ) in the crate .
This dropper had never flown anywhere except in circles over the coop .
When I released the birds I saw a bird fall out of the flock and then I realized which bird it was .
I was certain that this pigeon was not going to be able to fly home from there ( it was about seven miles from home ) and I figured the bird was a sure loss .
I was sad because it was my fault that this poor bird was lost and alone .
I saw the bird on top of a telephone pole , and I walked over to it and tried to call it down to me , but it would n't budge .
I went home , and my mood kinda lousy after that .
This morning , I decided to try again to find and return the bird home , since I was going to be in the same area in the morning .
This morning I went on my errand , and I released four homers , and then I saw another bird join my four birds as they circled overhead .
It was reddish brown and white , and it was my dropper from the day before .
The birds went through the same routine again as yesterday , which was the dropper flew with them for a minute and fell behindand was left behind , but the thing was I had located my bird .
I went over to where this bird was sitting on a telephone pole ( not more than 100 yards from where she was the day before when I left ) and I started calling her to me and whistling .
After a few minutes .
she flew across the street to a closer pole , then a few more minutes and she flew to a wire below her , which brought her closer to me .
I had my arms out like a scarecrow as traffic roared by at 35 miles per hour , and the bird fluttered off the wire and came right down and landed on top of my head .
She made a slight scratch in my forehead when she tried to get her footing to perch on my head , but she was there .
I took hold of her and brought her home , hungry and a little thinner , but safe and sound .
I gave her a werthers original and a ride on my stairlift .
Seig Heil !
Posted by : Mr Stoat on 12:28 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
I 'm laughing so much , a little bit of wee just escaped
Posted by : Jacob Dyer on 12:33 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
my name is jacob dyer and i live in bristol .
it is fantastic .
i sound like barnaby bear .
i like barnaby bear .
one time he went to france .
i went to france .
but some kid burnt my neck .
i didnt like it .
Posted by : Mrs Beaver on 12:36 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
I think these birds are a pest and should be killed , I once went up the oxo tower and one of these birds hovered above me and i got my head covered in S**t !
Posted by : Gilgamesh on 12:42 am Wed 6 Dec 06
I AM BARRISTER MOSES UKABANJO FROM LAGOS NIGERIA AND I NEED TO TRANSFER 35 MILLION PIGEONS OUT OF MY COUNTRY
Posted by : piston_broke on 12:44 am Wed 6 Dec 06
I sometimes watch pigeons having sex .
It makes me feel just a little bit less lonely and unloved .
Posted by : Reinhard von berfall on 12:46 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Ve hav ways to remove ze pidogeons .
Posted by : Mr Bran Flakes on 12:47 am Wed 6 Dec 06
I suggest taking off and nuking the pigeons from orbit .
It 's the only way to be sure .
Posted by : Lord Claptree of Challercery Hill on 12:52 am Wed 6 Dec 06
By Jove !
These little blighters are a nuisance , what what !
I say we catch the little buggers , dip them in napalm , and use them to power the engine in my Bentley Blower !
Now theres a fine use for a useless animal , what what !
Posted by : Duncan Disorderly on 12:56 am Wed 6 Dec 06
But if a pigeon is walking forward flapping its wings whilst on a conveyor belt moving at exactly the same speed in the opposite direction ...
Will it actually take off or not ???
Posted by : Adrian Mole 's lovechild on 1:06 am Wed 6 Dec 06
I think Mr Flakes is onto something .
Taking the lead from T Blair , could n't Kingston upon
Thames council buy some miniture Trident missiles that could be launched from WW2 Japanese - style mini-subs cruising the Thames and , using the latest global positioning technology , directly target the pigeons in the Market place , on Queen Anne statues head etc ?
I 'm sure the cost could be offset by charging tourists to view the resulting spectacular puff of feathers followed by a visually alluring small mushroom cloud .
It might be necessary to require spectators to wear the proper SPF UV - filter sunglasses to avoid health & safety issues etc .
Posted by : Lord Gnome on 1:11 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Dear Sir ,
While serving in Her Majesty 's forces in the Indian Raj in 1947 we encountered a similar problem with tigers .
For many months they had been causing a degree of inconvenience by eating the local villagers .
It was my punkawallah Sirjit who , oddly enough , came up with the solution , which was namely to install a number of tiger traps round the local villages .
I feel that if a similar tactic was adopted in Kingston , then your tiger problem should be greatly abated ,
Yours sincerely ,
Horatio Lord Gnome
Posted by : Frimp Bottomer on 1:22 am Wed 6 Dec 06
I 'm sure the pigeons could be trained to issue parking tickets on the fly , as it were .
Why , when I were a lad we used to look forward to munching on pigeon feet .
Kept us regular , it did .
As for that Animal Rights trollop , Tania , get a life , you brazen hussy - we know you love animals and there 's quite enough of that perversion around , thank you very much .
Posted by : Chav Tat on 1:27 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
Could they not make some glass ornaments of the pigeons as a momento ?
They could replace winged horses ...........
Posted by : Brigadier Sir Charles Arthur Strong , Mrs. on 1:33 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Dear Sirs ,
I wish to complain in the strongest possible terms about the insinuation that pigeons are carriers of mad cow disease .
Some of my best friends are pigeons , and only a few of them are mad cows .
Yours faithfully ,
Brigadier Sir Charles Arthur Strong , Mrs .
P.S. I have never kissed the editor of the radio times .
Posted by : Mr Dick Fitzwell on 1:45 am Wed 6 Dec 06
The comments posted above are un called for , we have a serious local issue being thrown off track by the dallingers and the other people with their emails .
I am going to write a letter of complaint to my local parish meeting about this , it is a shocking event .
my wife is quite fond of the little fluffy pigeons , she likes to feed them , stroke them , and go for trans atlantic sailing trips with them she also told me she is particularly fond of me taking her up the OXO tower .
Mr Dick Fitzwell
Posted by : Blackadder .
Catpain on 2:17 am today Wed 6 Dec 06
I would like to offer services to Kingston council .
Previous pigeon extermination experience using a mere service revolver , none of this rifle nonsense .
Just to clarify , they 're not carrier pigeons are they ?
A wandering minstrel ...........
Posted by : Fluffsta on 3:27 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Can I come along and watch the hangings of the pigeons ?
Posted by : Bob Goatse on 3:39 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
Dear editor ,
I wish to suggest that rehoming these pigeons would be a much more humane way to go about things .
I personally have access to an enlarged space which I believe could accommodate several hundred pigeons .
It 's warm , dark and damp and more importantly mobile .
If I was to visit Kingston then perhaps the pigeons could be lured in through the use of bait ; at which point I would be only too happy to shut up shop and transport them elsewhere .
I am sure that they would find their new living conditions to be perfectly adequate and would not return to Kingston ,
Regards ,
Bob Goatse
Posted by : Biggles on 5:02 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Why not use knockout gas on them then put some super glue on all off the aeroplane wings and stick the pigeons feet in it so when the pigeons wake up and fly away they will take the plane with them .
Cheap and green fuel ....
Posted by : CP on 6:55 am Wed 6 Dec 06
I say we should take off and nuke the site from orbit .... its the only way to be sure
Posted by : Gimpeh on 7:34 am Wed 6 Dec 06
The private firm has been revealed as " Dastardly & Muttley Ltd " .
Mr McNally is said to be optimistic .
Posted by : Geordie Racer on 8:20 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Why not give them bicarbonate of soda in a sausage so they explode in mid air ?..... or does that only work with seagulls ?
Posted by : Betty Swallocks on 8:27 am Wed 6 Dec 06
As this chap is culling a few usless things that contribute little apart from crapping on the general population , could he shoot a few councillors as they fit into this category !
Posted by : Rat Boy on 8:42 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
Vixpy , graham@reading , fidgits and mybrainhurts all need to take a very long , very hard look at themselves .
Pidgeons are evil .
Posted by : Pigeon master on 8:45 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Would it not be possible to kill them with love ?
We could get the Pope , Gary Linniker , Esther Ransen , and that woman from Liberty who gets everywhere but whose name I can't recall , to stand in a circle holding hands and ' projecting their love ' .
Once overpowered the birds could then popped in silk lined bags for transportation to the Wacky Warehouse where the kids could crush them in the ball pool ?
Posted by : twinners on 8:52 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Pidgeons were invented in 1921 - the culmination of an amalgamation of crows and warblers .
The handling is sublime particularly when cadence - winging .
Despite only having a budgie myself I simply know that a pidgeon is far superior to a sparrowhawk .
Why cant I get my ideal job though ?
I do n't understand it .
It 's not fair .
I deserve it .
**** country we live in
Posted by : Rt Hon. David Cameron MP on 9:04 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Pigeons are misunderstood .
If only we showed more empathy and understanding these issues would not be such a problem .
Hug one !
Hug one today !
Posted by : Sleep Envy on 9:34 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
Oi , leave 'em alone - they help me clean my car
Posted by : Gerry Francis on 9:39 am Wed 6 Dec 06
No !
Do not kill our pigeon friends , instead send them to me .
I can then mould them into a top 3 Premiership side .
I was Tottenham 's greatest ever manager .
They would never have won the double were it not for me .
And I helped out on that pigeon film -- you know the one that Ricky Gervais did the voice for .
He 's funny is n't he and he does like a pigeon .
Dawn !
It 's funny wehn he says that .
And mnem - mneh , that song like the muppets .
That was actually based on some pigeons I loaned Ricky one week when he was feeling down and his career was not taknig off .
So , you know , Pigeons are responsible for The Office .
Posted by : Charles \' Charlie\ ' Charles on 9:52 am Wed 6 Dec 06
References to the ' OXO tower ' are frankly disturbing .
We 're discussing a life and death situation of living creatures , and hooligan on here are talking about taking it up t'other .
Horrific .
Posted by : frazer guest on 9:54 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Mrs Dallinger , you are wanted on p1stonheads asap please .
you are our hero .
Posted by : Daisy the Cow on 10:09 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Moo
Posted by : Bobby Mugabe on 10:10 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Death to the imperialist running dog capitalist scum of Kingston council !
Long live our feathered quantum physics loving .
friends !
Morning p&p :p
Posted by : Mr P. Fancier on 10:12 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Start a pigeon cull and you will only force them underground .
Like flying rats in the sewers !
I should know - I frequent several pigeon chat rooms .
I even once dated a lovely wood pigeon from Croydon I met on www.hotpigeonchat.com.
She was a model or something , all skin and bone .
Never got the chance to take her up the OXO tower mind you .
Left me for a bloody squirrel .
Typical .
Posted by : General Pigeon . on 10:16 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Dear Mr. McNally ,
You can not destroy us .
We too much strong .
All your borough are belong to us .
You Will Die !
Posted by : Mrs Long Distance Clara on 10:17 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
If you lived , in Pigeon Street ,
Here are the people you could meet ,
Here are the people who would say ,
Hello , goodbye , hello , goodbye , everyday .
If you lived , in Pigeon Street ,
Here are the people you could meet ,
Here are the people who would share
The sights , the sounds , the air , where ... ,
Pigeons beat , their wings wings beat ,
Pigeons beat , their wings wings beat ,
To meet in Pigeon Street .
Posted by : Mrs. Trellis - North Wales on 10:18 am Wed 6 Dec 06
For goodness sake I do which the council would see sense for once .
Think of the commercial possibilities .
Not only could they encourage tourism but remove the flying rats once and for all .
How is this achieved .
Simple .
Organised Pigeon
Shooting for those bloodthirsty 12 - bore owners who can't be @rsed to shift themselves down to there 12 acre second home in Wiltshire to slaughter pheasant .
Discounts should apply for Children under - 8 and OAPs .
Posted by : Mr P. Gin on 10:20 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
Coo coo Coo Coo
Posted by : pigeonted on 10:22 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Oi you lot !
Come back or you 'll all be barred !
( and feathered )
Posted by : James Bstard on 10:23 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Surely someone must see the sensible route here : feed the disease ridden pigeons to the homeless , once the pigeons are all eaten then feed the homeless to the poor and then the poor people to the old people ...
then the old people to the estate agents , the estate agents to the council workers etc etc ...
it 's a far better way of ridding ourselves of the unless parts of society than the mutant stargoat plan ...
Posted by : Mrs Pigeon on 10:25 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
Removing the food will not deter us !
I did the shopping last week and got lots of buy on get one free deals on millet and sunflower seeds .
General Pigeon , when you 're done saving our species , stop off at the shop for some milk on the way home .
The Resistance is having a meeting here later .
Posted by : Mr D Dasterdly on 10:30 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Muttley you snickering floppy eared hound ,
When courage is needed , you 're never around !
Those medals you wear on your moth - eaten chest ,
Should be there for bungling at which you are best !
So , Stop The Pigeon , Stop The Pigeon ,
Stop The Pigeon , Stop The Pigeon ,
Stop The Pigeon , Stop The Pigeon
Stop that Pigeon How ?
Nab him - jab him - tab him - grab him ,
Stop that pigeon now !
Posted by : Wayne Scales on 10:36 am Wed 6 Dec 06
On a serious note - I do n't consider it acceptable to propose the wholesale slaughter of these pigeons .
Some of them could be quite decent fellows .
They should be interviewed individually , put at ease perhaps given a nice warm glass of flat beer which is the British drink not that fizzy cold cat 's pee that the Ozzies drink , although they do seem to have grasped the concept of a decent 2nd innings .
What was Peterson thinking of ?
Concentrate old man - concentrate .
Where was I ?
Oh yes .
If they can't sing Rule Brittania - Off with their heads !!
I hope this helps .
Posted by : Derek Acora on 10:37 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
Why not introduce a colony of ferrel cats to the town centre ?
have you ever seen any pigeons at the Acropolis ?
Posted by : Petra l'ead on 10:40 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Could Mr Mcnally please contact me asap , as I believe he could prove of great assistance to my latest business venture , a chain of fast food shops under the banner ' KFP '
Posted by : Reg Gaeboy on 10:58 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
I say we let the governing bodies of Jamaica sort out their own vermin problems .
maybe UB40 could re-release " kingston town " to raise awareness
Posted by : Peter Dove on 11:01 am Wed 6 Dec 06
I simply cannot believe that so many people are pigeonist .
Pigeons perform a vital role within today 's society and should not be treated as vermin .
Love pigeons .
Love yourself .
Peter
Posted by : Tonly Blair on 11:06 am Wed 6 Dec 06
This is not politically correct , most of the pigeons are islamic pigeons and have flown through 12 neutral countries to claim asylum in England .
I say let them all claim benefit , house them and let them work on our underground system , its only fair after all the true British pigeon 's are all getting **** on by the gov and flying off to live in Spain
Posted by : Tofu lover on 11:12 am Wed 6 Dec 06
It is common knowledge that pigeons and their kind are responsible for climate change .
Flying around at all speeds without a care in the world .
I say get rid of pigeons !!
This will solve the speed problem in our youngsters and almost halve the methane output .
We could also use the scrapings for fuel .
Maybe cars could run on pigeon poo !?
How many BPP ( brake pigeon power ) could we get per pigeon ?
Posted by : Major Clanger on 11:13 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Have you ever seen pigeons on the moon ?
No , I did n't think so !
Yet more proof that the so - called moon landing was faked - if you look closely at Neil Armstrong 's left shoulder you can see that there are traces of pigeon faecal matter on it .
It 's a conspiracy and the pigeons are part of it .
**** them , **** them all - with shotguns !
Posted by : Brick Tamland on 11:15 am Wed 6 Dec 06
LOUD NOISES !
Posted by : Bruciebabe on 11:26 am Wed 6 Dec 06
This was funny till it was taken over by the nasty smartarses from pissheads .
A cull there would be better for society than killing pigeons .
Posted by : Gary Barlow on 11:40 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
Gas them like badgers !
Posted by : That Man Off T' Telly on 11:46 am Wed 6 Dec 06
Woooo !
I am ye ghost of ye olde pig-eon of Kingston !
As seen knocking on walls in Most Haunted on LivingTV !
If ye kill my fellow pigeon brethren - woooo !
- ye Armies of The Dead Pigeons shall rise up against ye !
Wooo !
And take over THE WORLD - wwwooooo ha ha ha HA !!!
Posted by : Vance Cleft on 11:57 am
Wed 6 Dec 06
Why not genetically engineer half of them to be cats , hey - presto , problem solved .
Posted by : Alastair on 12:11 pm Wed 6 Dec 06
I think you 're all being very silly indeed .
If I ever meet any of you I will pull the bobbles from your hats and eat them , just to show you that you 're not allowed to talk about irrelevant things on important local news sites .
So there .
Poo to you .
Posted by : Ted furrey on 12:11 pm Wed 6 Dec 06
PLEASE DO NOT HURT THE CHICKENS , THEY LAY EGGS .
Posted by : Thebear on 12:16 pm Wed 6 Dec 06
Dear Sir ,
Please send all the pigeons to me and I 'll look after them
Yours sincerely
Ernest Trousers MD
The Happy Holiday Home for Pigeons Pie Company Ltd .
Posted by : Pigeon 's Law on 12:24 pm Wed 6 Dec 06
I think it is is now time that we adopted a Sarah 's Law / Megan 's Law for pigeon identification in the UK .
If we do not now where these persistent poopers live how can we protect our children ?
Posted by : Gypsy Sidearm on 12:27 pm Wed 6 Dec 06
Napalm Kingston , job done .
:-)
Posted by : Alastair Campbell on 12:28 pm
Wed 6 Dec 06
Gas them like badgers !
Posted by : Tasha Nelson on 12:31 pm Wed 6 Dec 06
Surely hitting them with spades would be cheaper than a marksman ?
You could get children from the local primary schools to do it , or maybe criminals on community service .
Posted by : Gypsy Sidearm on 12:31 pm Wed 6 Dec 06
Gas the whole borough .. sorted ..
Posted by : Scutch McCliosport on 12:33 pm Wed 6 Dec 06
This is preposterous !!
The council 's plans are almost as unfunny as my jokes .
Posted by : Jason Aughton on 12:41 pm Wed 6 Dec 06
We should all calm down and discuss this over some freshly boiled shallots while listening to obscure punk rock bands from the 80's .
Jason Aughton
Friend of the Feathered
Posted by : Ivanna Goodhump on 12:42 pm Wed 6 Dec 06
Plutonium 210 will sort them all out
Ivanna Goodhump
The Sanhedrins of style at newspapers are not so amused by the merry game of signification .
( Derrida ’s not big with real newspapermen . )
Most of them seem to believe in standardizing spoken English  to a point .
At The New York Times , using nonstandard spelling to reflect dialect  “ he wuz a good friend ”  is seen as a sketchy business , since no two writers do it the same way and since it can reflect bias .
But rhetorical eccentricities ought to be preserved .
“ I ’m friends with him 20 years , ” for example , does not have to become , “ I have been friends with him for 20 years . ”
Some architects of Times style have proposed that communication on a message board should be treated like the text of a novel .
As novels of sorts , message boards ought to be excerpted using the same protocols that newspaper critics use to quote from fiction .
That is , we should go light on the academic sics , addition brackets and omission ellipses , which in a paper can come across as sneering , cluttered , pretentious or all three .
By contrast , when transcribing message - board posts , idiosyncrasies of language should be preserved as far as possible and taken as intentional , unless in context they are obviously evidence that the writer has innocently hit the wrong key ( “ teh , ” “ rihgt ” ) .
A “ wuz ” on the Internet remains “ wuz ” in the paper .
In thorny cases , a critic or reporter can extenuate a passage outside of quotation marks .
( “ ‘ The soiled fish , ’ writes Melville , conjuring an odd image with a ‘ soiled ’ where perhaps ‘ coiled ’ was intended . ” )
Daniel Okrent , the first public editor for The Times , who is now at work on a book about the history of Prohibition , e-mailed me further thoughts :
“ The minute you start trying to replicate someone ’s accent or diction , you run the risk of appearing to be patronizing or worse .
When the Mississippi State football coach said something like , ‘ There ai n’t but one color that matters here , ’ the paper was wrong to recast it as ‘ There is only one color . . .’  he did n’t say that . ”
Okrent continued : “ But if in reaching for the sound of his voice they had rendered it as ‘ I ai n’t gonna suspend mah players fer actin ’ up on weekends , ’ it would have been inappropriate .
I say stick with the actual words the man uses and not with the way he says them . ”
Dropping g’s , Mark Twain - style , does look supremely corny , though The Times once liberally clipped those g’s into apostrophes for folksy effect .
In 1907 , the paper published an article called “ Mr. Devery Has Some Thoughts on the Way Things Is Goin ’ . ”
Devery , a former New York police chief , was what can only be called a colorful character , complete with colorful , g - free words and colorfully disagreeing subjects and verbs .
“ If things is run right , ” Devery opined , in The Times ’s rendition , “ the chief of police ought to be nothin ’ but a sort of foreman , a feller to carry out the orders of them above him .
He ought to be a sort of  of  editor . ”
Comes off kind of fakey today , do n’t it ?
Certainly having one or two subjects in a news article say “ goin ’ ” or “ gonna ” or ( come on ) “ gwine ” when everyone else gets their participles standardized is unfair and misleading .
On the other hand , Times readers of 100 years ago found Devery ’s dialect funny , and writers and readers alike crave funny quotations .
It may seem condescending or even racist to use the dialect conventions of “ Pudd ’nhead Wilson , ” but it also seems like a crime against humor and the truth of Web language to adjust “ How is babby formed ?
How girl get pragnent ? ” in the name of imagined fairness .
SLOWLORIS was hanging out a window when she was struck by lightning .
You may find the video disturbing , but please rest assured that she ’s ok :
Because you insisted , here ’s the unedited screaming version .
I also added video from a minute before the lightning struck so you can get an idea of how hard it was raining .
From what i understand , it went through my left hand holding the camera , crossed my back and exited out of my right hand holding onto the metal railing .
No entry or exit wounds , just a really good zap !
GeekDad would like to send a shout - out to honorary GeekDad Wil Wheaton on the occasion of his 36th birthday .
Wil 's groundbreaking work as a blogger who writes about his geekiness and paternal experiences has influenced many of us at GeekDad .
We 've been lucky enough to review his books , have him on our podcast , and even meet up with him at a con
( where else ? ) .
So Wil , if hitting the downhill side of your 30s is at all daunting to you , just remember : " Time is an illusion ; lunchtime doubly so . "
Happy Birthday , Wil !
Links :
Wil's Blog
Wil's Books
Wil's Twitter Feed
In short , often , yes .
The biggest flamewars were fought ( and fought bitterly ) over oMage and Hunter .
Without desiring to re-fight those battles , let me say merely that Mage 's feuds centered mainly around the differences between Second Edition and Revised or Third Edition ; Hunter 's were between two camps who had opposing views on the central focus of the game , and specifically how it differed from a previous supplement in an earlier edition which had filled the " hunter " niche .
All of this is more or less indicative of a larger pattern : people argue , vigorously and vehemently , for or against things they like or loathe .
-B
Edit :
Hm , I 'd forgotten that Mage also had many arguments over how exactly a mage character 's paradigm influenced the workings of magic and Paradox .
Those were fun , too , especially because they had catchy acronyms to sum up their points of view .
From FreeThoughtPedia
Westboro Baptist church is the name given to Fred Phelps ' family congregation .
They are activist evangelical Christians who seek to garner maximum attention by pushing the boundaries of politically - incorrect protest .
They often appear at somber social events and suggest gays , the government , soldiers , etc. get what they deserve for not following the Old Testament style bible rules .
The Phelps ' love to berate gay people , telling them their behavior will land them in hell .
Fred Phelps and Westboro Baptist Church exposed
Important notes from the anti-Phelps underground
On June 29 , 1994 Jon Michael Bell , a former reporter hired to investigate Fred Phelps and Westboro Baptist Church by Stauffer Communications , Inc. , filed a lawsuit in Shawnee County District Court in Topeka , Kansas against Stauffer Communications alleging the Topeka Capital - Journal owed him compensation for overtime and to clarify ownership of his notes and work product .
The work product in question , " Addicted to Hate " chronicling the life and times of Fred Phelps , was attached to the lawsuit as Exhibit A making it , therefore , a public document .
Learning of the suit , members of Topeka 's anti-Phelps underground delivered a certified copy of the lawsuit to a copy shop near the courthouse .
Within 48 hours , Stauffer Communications had written all area media outlets and issued veiled warnings about using the information contained in " Addicted to Hate " .
A rival Topeka newspaper , the Metro News , announced it was considering publishing the lawsuit in it entirety .
The Kansas City Star abided by Stauffer Communication 's wishes , but several other media outlets aired or printed portions of the manuscript .
Within 48 hours of the filing , Stauffer Communications persuaded a judge to seal the suit so the Clerk of the District Court could no longer make copies for the public .
No matter - no such order was issued to the copy shop or to the hundreds of citizens that already had copies .
On July 8 the Capital - Journal , which had deep - sixed the Phelps project and fired the publisher who authorized it when it was completed last fall , suddenly began its watered - down , copyrighted series on Phelps that they had earlier claimed they would n't print .
Bell also withdrew his suit the same day .
By this time , however , TV networks , wire services , and eastern newspapers had obtained copies of the manuscript , and Stauffer 's unprecedented attempt to suppress media discussion of the document attracted the interest of several major East Coast newspapers on First Amendment grounds .
Phelps , a self - proclaimed advocate of the First Amendment , whose ' free speech activities include libel , slander defamation of character , intimidation , obscene language , battery , promptly denounced Stauffer Communications and denied the allegations of child abuse , spouse abuse , and other illegal activities .
Anyone familiar with Phelps and his children who remain loyal to him , however , can clearly see these adult children and his wife suffer from the grotesque and obvious behaviors symptomatic of severe , long - term abuse .
Where and how the twisted saga of Fred Phelps will end is anyone 's guess .
About this document
The volunteer distributors of this file wish to emphatically state that Jon Michael Bell did not suggest , encourage , or take part in the transfer or distribution of his typewritten manuscript ( Exhibit A ) to ASCII format .
Volunteer distributors make no guarantees either expressed or implied and cannot be responsible in the use of this file .
Jon Michael Bell , one of the authors of " Addicted to Hate " , seeks no compensation for his work .
If , however , after reading " Addicted to Hate " , you would like to make a contribution in his name to organizations in Topeka assisting AIDS victims , abused children and battered women , please send your donations to :
1. Hospice for AIDS Victims c /o Topeka AIDS Project 1915 S. W. 6th Street Topeka , Kansas 66606
2. Project Safe Talk 200 S.E. 7th Street Topeka , Kansas 66603
3. Battered Women Task Force 225 S.W. 12th Street Topeka , Kansas 66612
Let the word go forth that the overwhelmingly vast majority of Topekans and Kansans DO NOT support Westboro Baptist Cult and Fred Phelps ' hate campaigns against all who disagree with him .
The District Attorney in Shawnee County ( Topeka ) has filed several criminal cases against members of the Westboro Cult ranging from disorderly conduct and battery to felony charges of aggravated intimidations of victims and witnesses .
Prosecution of these cases are delayed pending the outcome of the second of the lawsuits filed in federal court by Phelps Chartered .
There will probably be more .
Fred and his lawyer offspring and in - laws continue to abuse the judicial system much as Fred did before his state and federal disbarments .
The case is expected to be heard in federal court in early fall , but few expect that this will be the end .
Please let Topeka officials and Federal Judge Sam Crow know that many of Fred Phelps ' and WBC activities ( as outlined in the above paragraph and documented by both " Addicted to Hate " and the Capital - Journal series ) are NOT protected by the First Amendment and encourage them to take whatever steps are necessary to prosecute Phelps for those activities which are clearly crimes to the fullest extent of the law .
Please do it today !
The Hon. Sam A. Crow Frank Carlson Federal Courthouse 444 S.E. Quincy Topeka , Kansas 66603 ( 913 ) 295-2626
Joan M. Hamilton Shawnee County District Attorney 200 S.E. 7th Street Suite 214 Topeka , Kansas 66603 ( 913 ) 233-8200 Ext. 4330
Commissioner Don Cooper Chairman , Board of Commissioners 200 S.E. 7th Street Topeka , Kansas 66603 ( 913 ) 233-8200 Ext. 4040
The Hon. Butch Felker Office of the Mayor 215 S.E. 7th Street Topeka , Kansas 66603 ( 913 ) 295-3895
Chief Gerald Beavers Topeka Police Department 204 S.W. 5th Street Topeka , Kansas 66603 ( 913 ) 354-9551
Court document
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF SHAWNEE COUNTY , KANSAS DIVISION 7 JON BELL , Plaintiff , vs. Case No. 94CV766 STAUFFER COMMUNICATIONS , INC . , Defendant .
PETITION FOR DECLARATORY RELIEF ( Pursuant to K.S.A. Chapter 60 - 1701 et. seq . )
COMES NOW the Plaintiff Jon Bell and states :
1.Plaintiff is a resident of Kansas .
2.Defendant Stauffer Communications , Inc. is a corporation organized under the laws of Kansas and may be served by serving its resident agent The Corporation Company , Inc. , 515 S. Kansas Ave. , Topeka , Kansas 66603 .
3.Plaintiff was an intern and employed by Defendant to work for its newspaper Topeka Capital Journal , in Topeka , Shawnee County , Kansas .
4 . As part of his work he was assigned by the managing editor to prepare stories and / or manuscripts concerning one Fred Phelps , pastor of Westboro Baptist Church , Inc .
5 . That Plaintiff 's employment was originally undertaken for compensation of $ 1300 per month ( 37 hours per week at $ 8.00 / hour ) .
As the scope of the Phelps project expanded to book length , Plaintiff indicated his willingness to do a book for the compensation he was being paid .
It was represented to him by the managing editor , Mr. Sullivan , that the publication of the book would have such value to Plaintiff 's reputation as an author that the publication plus the salary was just compensation .
In reliance upon the representation that the book would be published by Defendant , he continued with the project to the point of final manuscript and dedicated overtime hours ( for which he was not separately compensated ) having a reasonable value in excess of $ 10,000 .
6. Plaintiff has been advised by Mr. Hively , the publisher of the Topeka Capital Journal that Defendant does not intend to publish the book or any portion of it .
7. Plaintiff has been separately advised by the defendant 's attorney that Defendant does not grant Plaintiff permission to publish the book ( Ex. B attached ) .
8. Plaintiff claims that he has intellectual property rights in the manuscript and desires to publish it and that in the absence of compensation for his overtime or because of his reliance on Mr. Sullivan 's representation if Defendant chooses to waste the work that he has the right to publish the book .
9 . In that Defendant has asserted superior rights to the manuscript , but , has likewise has declared an intent not to publish and the fact that the material may become dated , or alternatively , lose its timelessness ( the subject of the manuscript is currently running for the Democratic nomination for Governor of the State of Kansas ) , it is important to resolve the rights of the parties in and to the manuscript as it relates to the contract of employment which previously existed between Plaintiff and Defendant , and terminate the controversy over rights to the manuscript which gives rise to these proceedings .
10 . Plaintiff feels uncertain and insecure of his legal position in the absence of a judicial declaration of his rights , and for that reason , brings this action .
WHEREFORE , Plaintiff prays that the Court construe the terms of his employment and his rights to publish the manuscript marked as Ex .
A and attached hereto , and permit the Plaintiff the right without restriction , and subject to any fair accounting to Defendant , to publish the manuscript .
( Signature of Jon Bell ) Jon Bell , pro s 82 ( Home address intentionally omitted ) Lawrence , KS 66044
( Document contains the seal of the District Court of Shawnee County , Kansas and the signature of Leslie Miller , Deputy Clerk of the District Court of Shawnee County , Kansas and dated 6-29 - 94 . )
TABLE OF CONTENTS EXHIBIT B
( Letterhead of the law firm of Goodell , Stratton , Edmonds & Palmer ) 515 South Kansas Avenue Topeka , Kansas 66603-3999 913-233-0593 Telecopier : 913-233-8870 )
June 2 , 1994
Mr. Jon Bell ( Home Address Intentionally Omitted ) Shawnee , Kansas 66216
In re : Topeka Capital - Journal Our file : 31143
Dear Jon :
I understand that you are in some way marketing or trying to develop an interest in the Capital - Journal 's investigatory work on Fred Phelps .
Be advised that you are not authorized to engage in this activity .
This work is the property of The Topeka Capital - Journal , and does not belong to you .
My client will make all decisions regarding the piece .
You are not authorized to speak on behalf of The Capital - Journal regarding this work , or even to reveal its existence for that matter .
If you are taking any steps to develop a market or other interest in this work , you are required to cease immediately .
Meanwhile , please advise Pete Goering at The Capital - Journal of any steps you have taken in this regard .
Very truly yours , ( Signature of Michael W. Merriam ) Michael W. Merriam
MWM :ah cc : Mr. Pete Goering
( Note : This document contains the time stamp of the Clerk of the District Court , Shawnee County , Kansas showing the document was filed with the Clerk at 1:05 p.m. of June 29 , 1994 . )
TABLE OF CONTENTS EXHIBIT A
Addicted to hate
By Jon Michael Bell with Joe Taschler and Steve Fry
( Note : The contents of the following document shows the time stamp of the Clerk of the District Court , Shawnee County , Kansas and shows that the document was filed at 1:05 p.m. on June 29 , 1994 . )
" And be sure your sin will find you out . " ( Num. 32:23 )
A frequent quote of Pastor Fred Phelps
Cast of characters and Phelps family tree
Reverend Fred Phelps : lawyer and Baptist minister ; head of the Westboro Baptist Church ; 89 years old .
Disbarred .
Marge Phelps : wife of Fred ; mother of his 13 children ; 70 years old .
WBC member .
1. Fred Phelps , Jr. : lawyer and employee at the Kansas Department of Corrections ; 40 years old .
Oldest son .
WBC member .
Betty Phelps ( Schurle ) : wife of Fred , Jr. ; lawyer and owner - operator of a day - care home ; 41 years old .
WBC member .
2. *** Mark Phelps : businessman in Southern California ; estranged from the family cult ; 39 years old .
2nd son .
Luava Phelps ( Sundgren ) : wife of Mark ; childhood sweetheart ; 36 years old .
3. *** Katherine Phelps : lawyer ; suspended from the bar ; living on welfare ; 38 years - old ; oldest daughter .
Not in WBC .
4. Margie Phelps : lawyer and employee of the Kansas Department of Corrections ; 37 years old ; 2nd daughter .
WBC member .
5. Shirley Phelps - Roper : lawyer at Phelps Chartered ; 36 years old ; 3rd daughter .
WBC member .
Brent Roper : husband of Shirley ; lawyer and businessman in Topeka ; 30 years old ; WBC member .
6 . *** Nate Phelps : businessman in Southern California ; estranged from family cult ; 35 years old .
3rd son .
7. Jonathon Phelps : lawyer ; 4th son ; 34 years old ; WBC member .
Paulette Phelps ( Ossiander ) : wife of Jonathon ; 33 years old ; high school graduate ; WBC member .
8. Rebekah Phelps - Davis : lawyer at Phelps Chartered ; 32 years old ; 4th daughter ; WBC member .
Chris Davis : husband to Rebekah ; 38 years old ; raised from childhood in the WBC .
9. Elizabeth Phelps : lawyer at Phelps Chartered ; night house manager staff at Sheltered Living , Inc. Topeka ; 31 years old ; 5th daughter ; WBC member .
Former counsel for the Shawnee County Sheriff 's Department .
10 . Timothy Phelps : lawyer and employee of the Shawnee County Department of Corrections ; 30 years old ; 5th son ; WBC member .
Lee Ann Phelps ( Brown ) : wife of Timothy ; lawyer and employee of Shawnee County Sheriff 's Department ; 27 years old ; WBC member .
11.*** Dorotha Bird ( Phelps ) : lawyer practicing independently in Topeka ; 6th daughter ; not a WBC member ; changed her last name to avoid family 's notoriety .
29 years old .
12 . Rachel Phelps : lawyer at Phelps Chartered ; YMCA fitness instructor ; 28 years old ; 7th daughter ; WBC member .
13 . Abigail Phelps : lawyer and employee at SRS - Youth and Adult Services , Juvenile Offender Program ; 25 years old ; 8th daughter ; WBC member .
OTHERS
Fred Wade Phelps : the Rev. Phelps ' father ; he lived in Meridian , Mississippi .
He was a railroad bull .
Catherine Idalette Phelps ( Johnson ) : the Rev. Phelps ' mother ; she died when he was a small child .
Martha Jean Capron ( Phelps ) : the Rev. Phelps ' only sibling ; a former missionary to Indonesia , she now lives in Pennsylvania ; the brother and sister have not spoken for years .
Denotes a Phelps child who has left the family cult .
( Note : The next portion of Exhibit A contains some handwritten notes denoting ages of the Phelps ' children , some names of some of the non-Phelps WBC members ( George Stutzman , Charles Hockenbarger , Jennifer Hockenbarger , and Charles Hockenbarger ) , names of some of the Phelps ' grandchildren ( Benjamin , Sharon , Sara , Libby , Jacob , Sam , and Josh ) , and 2 items pasted onto the document which are published documents showing the Phelps family tree and a map of the area surrounding Meridian , Mississippi . )
Preface
He rang the doorbell .
It was winter , and with his thick gloves he could barely feel the button .
No answer .
He waited .
A cat , caught like him on this cold night outside , walked along the porch rail .
Toward him .
He watched it .
In the street behind them a solitary car passed .
Like urban sleigh bells , the chains on its tires chimed rhythmic into the pounded street snow .
No one was home .
The cat .
Was rubbing against his leg .
He set the candy down and picked it up .
It purred .
And purred more when he tucked it under his warm arm .
Like a football .
Against his thick coat .
He could see into its eyes .
Up close .
He liked it that way .
When he wrapped his thick fingers round its tiny neck ...
Pinning its legs against his side , he slowly squeezed , watching the eyes widen in alarm .
Feeling it push against him .
Desperately struggle .
For a long time struggle .
Watching .
The lids droop slowly down .
The light pass from the eyes .
He let go .
Another car rattled metal links by in the snow .
Watching the light return .
The animal terror that followed .
Flooding the look in those helpless eyes .
It pierced his soul .
A shock wave of remorse flamed hot .
In all his cells he could feel it .
Guilt .
Or was it love .
Yes , warm love for this tiny being .
But ...
I want to do it .
Again .
Now .
Yes , I want to know what it 's like once more .
He squeezed the cat 's thin neck .
And when it has succumbed , he felt the same pity again warm flooding him .
And only horror at himself .
As he did it once more .
And when it was over he ...
But this time the cat mustered the last of its tiny animal ferocity and writhed free .
He felt ... watching it streak away ... he felt jarred awake somehow ... as it ran from him ... yes , he was awake now ...
And terrified
Had anyone seen him ?
Would they know ?
In a panic he ran
Home to his father 's house ...
1. Introductions All Around
" Introductions All Around "
A TIME magazine article from 1950 hangs framed on the wall .
It 's about a college student 's crusade against necking on a campus in Southern California .
That student 's office in Kansas today is aclack with fax machines and ringing phones , but the chair behind the great mahogany desk is empty .
When the former campus evangelist finally bursts in , he is trailed by grandchildren - so many sixth - grade secretaries - gophering , sending faxes , fetching papers - and a glass of water for the reporter .
Thoughtful .
It 's 93 outside .
" Sit down , " says Fred Phelps , rumored ogre , with an effusive Southern graciousness .
" But I got to tell you , you know we 're going to preach the word , the same thing I 've been preaching for 46 years , and it 's supremely , supremely irrelevant to us what anybody thinks or says .
" You get a little bit of this message I 'm preaching , you can't ask for anything more .
God hates fags - that 's a synopsis . "
Phelps , 63 , a disbarred lawyer and Baptist preacher from Mississippi , is on a mission from God .
His face lights up like a kid's on Christmas morning when he talks about how the nation is reacting to his anti- homosexual campaign .
He contends the Bible supports the death penalty for sodomy :
" I 'm not urging anybody to kill anybody , " he adds , then matter - of - factly explains how his interpretation of the Bible calls for precisely that :
" The death penalty was violently carried out by God on a massive scale when the biblical cities of Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed by fire and brimstone , " says Phelps .
" I am inclined to the view that the closer man 's laws come to God 's laws , the better off our race will be . "
Phelps has found the national spotlight by disrupting the mourners ' grieving at the funerals of AIDS victims .
His followers carry picket signs outside the services with such stone - hearted messages as GOD HATES FAGS and FAGS 3DDEATH .
Last spring , he and his tiny band traveled to Washington , D.C. , to taunt the gay parade , creating a near - riot .
Since then , Phelps has been the subject of a 20 - 20 segment , appeared on the Jane Whitney Show twice to mock homosexuals , and is now regularly interviewed on both Christian and secular radio across America .
Fred Phelps , pastor of the Westboro Baptist Church in the Kansas capital of Topeka , since 1990 has also been an unsuccessful candidate for mayor , governor , and United States Senator .
Currently he is negotiating his own radio show - one that will be heard throughout the Midwest .
His message is simple : God hates most everybody and He 's sending them all to hell .
Makes no difference how they lived their life .
For the Pastor Phelps , except for a handful of ' elect ' , the human race is composed of depraved beasts .
God hates these creatures and so do His favored few .
The world is divided sharply and irreversibly between the multitude of the already - damned ( called the reprobate or the Adamic Race ) and those chosen by God to attend Him in heaven .
Those selected to be elect were tapped , not for the rectitude of their lives , but by what could best be described as the Supreme Whim of the Deity .
While this is the theology of predestination , one that in less vengeful minds is a mainstay of many Protestant sects , in Fred Phelps ' mind it has become a green light to hatred and cruelty .
Recently , Pastor Phelps has added a corollary to this thesis that God hates the human race : God reserves
His most pure and profound hatred for the homosexuals among the Adamic race .
At 63 , Phelps is a triathlon competitor who bikes or runs every day .
The strongest thing he drinks is what he calls his ' vitamin C cocktail ' , consisting of Vitamin C , Diet Pepsi , and water .
The pastor basks in the heat of the outrage triggered by his campaign against homosexuals .
" If you 're preaching the truth of God , people are going to hate you , " he grins .
" Nobody has the right to think he 's preaching the truth of God unless people hate him for it .
All the prophets were treated that way . "
Phelps delivers this with all the drama , fire , and brimstone of a man who used to be a trial lawyer and is still a preacher .
His voice and tone are spellbinding and chilling .
He does n't stumble over his words .
Clearly , he believes he is a modern day prophet .
Phelps says he and his family have been hated and persecuted almost from the time they arrived in Topeka in 1954 .
" The more opposition we get , the more committed we get , " says Liz Phelps , one of the pastor 's daughters .
" Nothing , short of the elimination of homosexuality in the world , will make us stop , " announces the pastor .
In an unexpected reprieve from the anticipated ' sodomite ' label pasted on all who disagree - especially the press - the former vacuum cleaner salesman gives his visitor a warm smile and immediately takes to calling him warmly by his first name .
He leads a brief tour through his church .
It adjoins his office : a long room , with a low ceiling and a rusty red carpet and dark , oaken pews .
It has enough seating for twice the current congregation of 51 .
The reporter asks to go to the bathroom .
A stocky teenage grandson with training in judo is sent along .
He waits outside , no dummy , for the reporter to finish .
Then it 's upstairs to the study , a high , spacious room filled with books of biblical exegesis dating back to the Reformation .
Fred is eager to prove his Bible scholarship , and perhaps frustrated , even contemptuous , when he realizes he is talking to a Bible - ho - hum humanist .
Downstairs , the pastor leads to the garage where their wardrobe of picket signs is kept .
Stacked high against the walls are messages for every occasion - all of them gloomy .
No good news here .
Outside , one would never guess they were at a church .
Westboro Baptist is actually a large home in a comfortable Topeka neighborhood .
In fact , Phelps and his wife have lived in the house for almost 40 years , and raised their 13 children within its walls .
For many years , his law office was also located in the residence Fred Phelps insists is still his ' church ' .
The pastor 's large family has always composed nearly all of his congregation and loyal following .
As his children grew up , they bought the adjoining houses on the block , creating a tight compound around the church .
Today , one finds a citadel of modest homes joined by fences , sharing a common backyard .
In a small revolution in urban design , the space behind their houses has not been sub - divided , but made into a wide grass park , complete with swimming pool , ball court , and trampoline .
The grandchildren wander from their separate houses to play together .
The effect on the nervous reprobates outside the walls is a sense of Waco in the air .
> From his compound , like a knight sallying forth from the Crusaders ' citadel of Krak , Pastor Phelps and his child band make war on the Adamic race .
When not doing TV talk shows , radio interviews , or appearing on the cover of the national gay magazine , The Advocate , Phelps lays siege to his hometown , nearby Kansas City , and local universities .
The Westboro congregation pickets public officials , private businesses , and other churches , many of whom have had only tenuous connection to some form of anti-Phelps criticism .
Until a city ordinance was passed against it , the Westboro warriors even picketed their opponents ' homes .
For the last two years , this tiny group , by virtue of their tactics , dedication , and discipline , have held the Kansas capital hostage .
Fred Phelps has been able to intimidate most of the residents of Topeka into a fearful silence , though he himself is a shrill and vigorous defender of his own First Amendment rights .
Those who would disagree with his brutal remedies to his perception of social ills face a three - fold attack : Lawsuits :
If the rest of America has justly come to fear the anonymous lone nut with a gun , it has yet to experience a community of eccentrics stockpiling law degrees .
Picketing : One prominent restaurant in Topeka is now failing after being picketed daily for almost a year .
" Patrons just got tired of the harassment , " sighs the owner .
The cause of the pickets ?
One of the restaurant 's employees is a lesbian .
Faxes :
Phelps has gone to court and won on his right to fax daily almost 300 public officials , private offices , and the media with damaging and embarrassing information from the private lives of his opponents - most of it false , wild , and unsubstantiated .
One city councilwoman was called a " Jezebelian , switch - hitting whore " who had sex with several men at once .
A police officer saw his name faxed all over town as a child molester , one who had lured young boys to a park outside the city and had sex with them in his patrol car .
Despite his daughter Margie 's assertions that Phelps has the evidence to prove such accusations ' big time ' , no such proof has ever emerged .
Over the weeks , one learns about the family .
Of Fred 's 13 children , nine remain in the community .
Five of them are married and raising 24 grandchildren .
All of the members of Westboro Baptist - children , in - laws , and grandchildren - participate in the pastor 's anti-gay campaign .
Despite their image from the pickets , most of the adults are friendly and socially accomplished .
Each of them has a law degree , and some have additional postgraduate degrees in business or public administration .
The adults pay taxes , meet bills , and obey the laws .
The grandchildren are perhaps less demonstrative than most children , but in an earlier day that was called well - behaved .
Many of their parents hold or have held important jobs in local and state agencies .
The pastor 's first - born , Fred , Jr. , and his wife , Betty , were guests at the Clinton inauguration .
The former northeast Kansas campaign manager for Al Gore in 1988 has a stack of VIP photos , such as the one of him , Betty , Al and Tipper , and even soon - to - be Kansas governor Joan Finney smiling and yucking it up at the Phelps ' place just a few years ago .
Clearly these are not street corner flakes taken to carrying signs .
The only discordant note here is the Pastor Phelps , pacing about in his lycra shorts and windbreaker , looking like a triathlon competitor who made a wrong turn , ended in a bad neighborhood , and had his bike stolen .
But he can easily be discounted while listening to his wife reveal just exactly how she managed to raise those thirteen kids .
How ?
Well , for starters , the woman born Margie Simms of Carrollton , Missouri , had nine brothers and sisters herself .
Her own tribe she raised by the same five rules she grew up under : keep their faces clean , their hands clean , and their clothes clean ; keep the house clean and keep 'em fed .
No Game Boys , college funds , and cars on sixteenth birthdays .
She did most of the cooking at first , and her grocery bill , she estimates , would be over two thousand a month today .
Many of the 24 grandchildren still spend time at Gramp 's house , she said , and their food costs are over a thousand a month , even now .
Mrs. Phelps smiles .
Before the kids got old enough to be finicky , she could fill one tub and bathe them all , then line them up to brush their teeth and clean their fingernails .
They had six bedrooms furnished with bunkbeds , and everyone wore hand - me - downs .
Her laundry pile was so huge , she needed two washers and two dryers : " I 'm afraid that Maytag repairman was n't lonely with us .
He was always out at our house .
We went through washers and dryers every three years .
They worked all day long .
" The part I dreaded most about raising so many children ?
When they were sick .
Then you had to pay all your attention to that one - and hope the others would make out all right . "
Later , she adds , the older kids took over most of the chores and her job became considerably easier .
The children used to listen to their father preach twice on Sunday , says daughter Margie .
Once at eleven and again at seven that evening .
" But there 's too many conflicting schedules now .
So we only have the one sermon at eleven - thirty , " Margie tells how their household was abuzz with political bull sessions .
All the candidates and wannabes came through there : " My dad was complete activity and whirlwind .
My mom was the calm at the center of the storm .
She 's the one who inspired our closeness .
Getting us to look out for our brothers and sisters ; bond with each other . "
Mrs. Phelps describes how everyone had to take piano lessons .
They had two pianos in the garage and three in the house .
( Chopsticks in fugue - five as a backdrop to any childhood might explain why the adults seem so tense today . )
Margie tells of their family choir .
How they practiced a cappella and harmony .
Even today , their counter - protestors grudgingly admit the Phelps sound good when they raise their collective voice in hymn from across the street .
Once for their father 's birthday , says Margie , the children learned to harmonize " One Tin Soldier " , the theme song from the film , " Billy Jack " .
She laughs at the memory .
" He was of two minds about that : flattered that we 'd done it .
And not too pleased by the lyrics . ( " ... go ahead and hate your neighbor ... go ahead and cheat a friend ... do it in the name of heaven ... you 'll be justified in the end ... " )
" We had good times ... lots of good times , " says Mrs. Phelps .
" I would not have had any other childhood but that one , " adds her daughter .
If they 're not holding harassing signs saying , ' God Hates Fags ' , calling deaf old dowagers ' sodomite whores ' , or bristling at startled churchgoers , Fred 's kids are back at home being model parents and neighbors , attending PTOs and Clinton coronations .
The stark contrast of the two masks - decent and repulsive , hateful and considerate , forthright and devious , stupid and clever - creates a polarity that begins to weigh on the observer .
Contrasts frequently are the visible edge of contradiction .
And contradictions sometimes arise from very deep and secret undercurrents .
Currents of pain .
One day in the pickup with the pastor and his wife , driving the signs to the picket line , Fred suddenly jams on the brakes and pulls over .
" Why 'd you do that ? " asks the mother of 13 .
" We 're gonna make sure those kids are safe , " the pastor replies .
The objects of his concern are in the yard across the street .
There is absolutely no chance he could have hit them .
It 's odd and unnecessary and exaggerated behavior .
His wife knows it ; even the children know it - they 've pulled back and are watching the truck suspiciously .
Mrs. Phelps gives her husband a strange look .
As if she had some secret knowledge .
It 's obvious Fred intended this as an awkward display of altruism for the press .
The message is : " The pastor loves kids " .
But the message one gets is a warning from Hamlet : " The play 's the thing wherein we 'll catch the conscience of the king . "
Because that boy , now a man , ran home to his father 's house .
The house of Fred Phelps .
Where all good things end .
Where any family counselor will assert that a child who strangles pets has almost certainly been brutalized as well .
2. Daddy's Hands
Mark Phelps feels nauseated whenever he remembers that night .
He was hit over 60 times and his brother , Nate , over 200 with a mattock handle .
Nate went into shock .
Mark did n't .
A boy who became a compulsive counter to handle the stress , Mark counted every stroke .
His and Nate's .
While their father screamed obscenities and his brother screamed in pain .
Every 20 strokes , their mother wiped their faces off in the tub .
Nate passed out anyway .
That was Christmas Day .
Though he believes he should be the next governor of Kansas , Pastor Phelps has never believed in Christmas .
A mattock is a pick - hoe using a wooden handle heavier than a bat .
Fred swung it with both hands like a ballplayer and with all his might .
" The first blow stunned your whole body , " says Mark .
" By the third blow , your backside was so tender , even the lightest strike was agonizing , but he'd still hit you like he wanted to put it over the fence .
By 20 , though , you 'd have grown numb with pain .
That was when my father would quit and start on my brother .
Later , when the feeling had returned and it hurt worse than before , he'd do it again .
" After 40 strokes , I was weak and nauseous and very pale .
My body hurt terribly .
Then it was Nate 's turn .
He got 40 each time .
" I staggered to the bathtub where my mom was wetting a towel to swab my face .
Behind me , I could hear the mattock and my brother was choking and moaning .
He was crying and he would n't stop . "
The voice in the phone halts .
After an awkward moment , clearing of throats , it continues : " Then I heard my father shouting my name .
My mom was right there , but she would n't help me .
It hurt so badly during the third beating that I kept wanting to drop so he would hit me in the head .
I was hoping I 'd be knocked out , or killed ... anything to end the pain .
" After that ... it was waiting that was terrible .
You did n't know if , when he was done with Nate , he'd hurt you again .
I was shaking in a cold panic .
Twenty - five years since it happened , and the same sick feeling in my stomach comes back now ... "
Did he ?
Come back to you ?
" No .
He just kept beating Nate .
It went on and on and on .
I remember the sharp sound of the blows and how finally my brother stopped screaming ...
" It was very quiet .
All I could think of was would he do that to me now .
I could see my brother lying there in shock , and I knew in a moment it would be my turn .
" I can't describe the basic animal fear you have in your gut at a time like that .
Where someone has complete power over you .
And they 're hurting you .
And there is no escape .
No way out .
If your mom could n't help you ... I can't explain it to anyone except perhaps a survivor from a POW camp . "
Last year , Nate Phelps , sixth of Pastor Phelps ' 13 children , accused his father of child abuse in the national media .
The information was presented as a footnote to the larger story of Fred Phelps ' anti-gay campaign .
But the deep currents that lie beneath the apparent apple - cheeks of the Phelps ' clan were stirring .
A series of interviews with Nate resulted in an eyewitness account of life growing up in the Phelps camp .
These reports contained allegations of persistent and poisonous child abuse , wife - beating , drug addiction , kidnapping , terrorism , wholesale tax fraud , and business fraud .
In addition , Nate described the cult - like disassembly of young adult identities into shadow - souls , using physical and emotional coercion - coercion which may have been a leading factor in the suicide of an emotionally troubled teenage girl .
The second son , Mark Phelps , who according to his sisters was at one time heir to the throne of Fred , had refused comment during the earlier spate of news coverage .
He and Nate have both left the Westboro congregation and now live within four blocks of each other on the West Coast .
But , like the icy water that waits off sunny California beaches , the deepest currents sometimes rise and now Mark has surfaced with a decision .
" My father , " says the 39 year - old , now a parent himself , " is addicted to hate .
Why ?
I can't say .
But I know he has to let it out .
As rage .
In doing so , he has violated the sacred trust of a parent and a pastor .
" I 'm not trying to hurt my father .
And I 'm not trying to save him .
I 'm going to tell what happened because I 've decided it 's the only way I can overcome my past : to drag it into the light and break its chains . "
Mark believes that Fred Phelps , no longer able to hate and abuse his adult children if he hopes to keep them near , by necessity now must turn all his protean anger outward against his community .
Mark has decided to tell the truth about his father so that others will be warned .
He and his brother have now come forward with specific and detailed stories , alarming tales , ones that could be checked and have been verified .
Mark 's testimony supports
Nate 's previously , and both men's statements have been confirmed by a third Phelps ' child .
In addition , the Capital - Journal has uncovered documents which substantiate this testimony , and interviewed dozens of relevant witnesses who have confirmed much of this information .
" One of my earliest memories ... , " the voice in the phone pauses , painful to remember : " was the big ol ' German shepherd that belonged to our neighbors .
One day it was in our yard and my father went out and blew it apart with his shotgun . "
Mark says he has no memories prior to age five .
" Living in that house was like being in a war zone , where things were unpredictable and things were very violent .
And there was a person who was violent who did what he wanted to do .
And that was to hurt people , or break things , or throw a fit , or whatever he wanted to do , that 's what he did .
And there was nobody there to say different . "
One day when Mark was a teenager , he came home to find his mom sitting on the lip of the tub , blue towel on her head , her lips pursed with anger and hurt .
" Do you know what your father did today ? " she asked .
To Mark , it felt surreal .
His mother never spoke out nor vented her emotions .
She seemed quite different just then .
He looked at his father .
Pastor Phelps was standing across the room with his arms folded , smiling ( the bathtub was in the parents ' bedroom ) .
" No , " said Mark .
" I do n't know . "
His mother stood up and whipped the towel down her side .
" He chopped my hair off , " she announced , tears coming to her eyes .
The son stood aghast at the grotesque head before him .
His mother 's former waist - length hair had been shorn to two inches - and even that showed ragged gouges down to the white of the scalp .
" Why ? " he asked .
" Your father says I was n't in subjection today , " she replied .
According to Mark and Nate , all of the Phelps children were terrified of their father : " Usually we had to worry what mood we 'd find him in after school .
You did n't make any noise or racket , or cut - up ; you had to walk on eggshells , tiptoe around him ; you did n't fight with your siblings ; you did your jobs , performed your assigned tasks , and hoped not to draw his attention . "
If you did draw it and he was in a foul mood , say the boys , summary punishment at the hands of the dour pastor involved being beaten with fists , kicked in the stomach , or having one 's arm twisted up and behind one 's back till it nearly dislocated .
Sometimes Pastor Phelps preferred to grab one child by their little hands and haul them into the air .
Then he would repeatedly smash his knee into their groin and stomach while walking across the room and laughing .
The boys remember this happening to Nate when he was only seven , and to Margie and Kathy even after they were sexually developed teenagers .
Nate recalls being taken into the church once where his father , a former golden gloves boxer , bent him backwards over a pew , body - punched him , spit in his face , and told him he hated him .
Mark 's very first memory in this life is an emotional scar : their mom had gone to the hospital to give birth to Jonathon .
Mark remembers being very upset , since now they would be alone in the house with their father , his threatening presence left unmitigated by her maternal concern .
Though only five , already Mark could use the phone and , one day while his father was out he dialed the number she 'd left .
When he heard her voice , he told her , " Mom , I 'm scared .
I need you . "
But before she could respond , the Pastor Phelps came on .
He had gone to visit the new mother .
" What the hell are you doing calling here ? " the father shouted into the phone .
" Do n't you ever call here and bother her again ! "
That is Mark Phelps ' earliest memory .
That , and the feeling , when his father hung up , that there would be no rescue and no escape from the fear and pain contained in the word , ' daddy ' .
When Fred Phelps came home , he beat the little boy 's first memory of the world in to stay .
From that moment , Mark whispers softly in the phone , " I resolved to be a total yes - man to my father .
If I could n't escape his violence , then I 'd get so close to him he would n't see me .
I 'd survive that way . "
" We had clothes and food , " adds Nate .
" What we did n't have was safety .
He could throw fits and rages at any moment .
When he did , the kids would respond by turning pale and shaking , standing there shivering and listening - Mark would pace and count the squares in the floor . "
" But I learned exactly what I had to do ... to stay safe around him , " continues Mark .
I did a good job of it . "
He admits he used to beat his brothers and sisters if his father ordered
him : " If you fell asleep in church , you got hit in the face .
Once I hit Nate so hard , it knocked over the pew and blood splurt across the floor . "
After a moment , he tells us quietly : " My brothers and sisters are entitled to hate me . "
Physical abuse ?
Nonsense , say sisters Margie and Shirley .
They laugh .
Well , maybe during their father 's period of preoccupation with health food .
Every morning they were required to eat nuts and vitamins , curds and whey .
" I hate nuts , " says Margie " We 'd take the vitamins and drop them in our pockets .
Throw them out later . "
She adds : " Little Abby was the only one who liked curds and whey .
Poor kid .
She 'd have to eat every bowl on the table when my dad was n't looking . "
Against this charming story is set another .
For all her reputation as a minotaur of the Kansas courtrooms , Margie Phelps was like a second mom to the younger children .
Today , she remains well - liked by her siblings , including Mark and Nate .
When her father was beating someone and screaming at the top of his lungs , frequently Margie would take her terrified younger brothers and sisters away for several hours .
When they thought it was over , they 'd come back like cautious house cats , sneaking in softly , Margie on point , to see if the coast was clear .
The boys tell how one day their father was in a barbershop and noticed the leather strap used to sharpen razors .
It struck his fancy as a backup to the mattock handle , so he had one custom - made at a leatherworker 's shop near Lane and Huntoon .
" It was about two feet long and four inches wide .
It left oval circles - red , yellow , and blue , " says Mark .
" Usually the circles would be where it would snap the tip - on the outside of your right leg and hip ... because he was righthanded . "
According to Mark and Nate , their father wore out several of the leathermaker 's straps while they were growing up .
As Mark Phelps became the angel - appointed in Fred 's family cult , Nate was assigned the role of sinner .
For Mark , his brother was the needed scapegoat .
For the rest of the family , Nate was a problem child , the delinquent of the brood .
Brilliant like his dad ( Nate 's IQ has been measured at 150 ) , the middle son followed another drummer from the time he was a toddler .
When he was five , he remembers his father telling him , ' I 'm going to keep a special eye on you ' .
The regular beatings started shortly thereafter .
Nate endured literally hundreds of such brutalities before walking out at one minute after midnight on his eighteenth birthday .
His siblings both inside and outside the church agree that Nate got the lion 's share of the ' discipline ' .
" Nate was a very tough kid , " says Mark .
" I do n't know how he endured it , but he did .
He 'd get 40 blows at a time from the mattock handle .
He was just tougher than the rest of us and my father adjusted for that . "
Today , raising his family in California , Nate is a devout Christian and a warm , friendly , considerate , mountain of a man .
But at 6 ' 4 " and 280 pounds , it would be ... instructive ... to see father and son in the same room today with one mattock stick between them .
" I sensed early on this man had no love for us , " says Nate .
" He was using us .
I knew it .
And I always made sure he knew I did . "
in fact , Mark adds , Nate 's obstinate resistance so angered his father that , by age nine , when a family outing had been planned , frequently Nate not only missed it , but Fred would remain behind with him .
" And during the course of the day , my father would beat Nate whenever the spirit moved him . "
Mark remembers the family coming back once to find Pastor Phelps jogging around the dining room table , beating the sobbing boy with a broom handle ; while doing so , he was alternately spitting on the frightened child and chuckling the same sinecure laugh so disturbing to those who 've seen him on television .
When he was n't allowed to go along , says Mark , " Nate would literally scream and chase mom as she drove off with us kids in the car .
He knew what was coming after we left . "
The older brother remembers the little one racing alongside the windows , begging for them not to leave him until , like a dog , he could no longer keep up .
Mark sorrowfully admits he felt no empathy for him , only relief it was n't happening to himself .
" I just stared straight ahead .
I did n't know what he was yelling about .
I was just glad to get the hell out of there . "
But how could their mom tolerate that ?
Would n't the maternal instinct cut in at some point ?
Would n't the lioness turn in fury to protect her cub ?
It turns out Mrs. Phelps was herself an abused child , according to her sons .
" The only thing she ever told us about her dad was that he was a drunkard who beat them .
She said she 'd always run and hide in the watermelon patch when he was raging . "
Though most of her nine brothers and sisters either settled in Kansas City or remained in rural Missouri , Mrs. Phelps has had virtually no contact with them during the last 40 years .
Not since she married Fred .
" My father was very effective at jamming Bible verses down her throat about wives being in subjection to their husbands , " Nate says .
" She was a small woman and very gentle .
She felt God had put her with Fred and she had to endure . "
" Oh , mom would try to interfere , " adds Mark .
" She 'd come running out , finally , into the church auditorium as the beating would escalate , and yell wildly , ' Fred , stop it ! "
You 're going to kill him ! '
" And then my father would turn on her .
I remember him screaming , ' Oh , so you want me to just let them go , huh ?
You do n't believe in discipline , huh ?
Why do n't you just shut your goddam mouth before I slap you ?
Get your fat hussy ass out of here !
I 'm warning you , goddamit , you either shut up or I 'm going to beat you ! '
" And then , " Mark continues , " she'd shut up till she could n't take it anymore , then she 'd start again .
When she did , he'd start beating her and hitting her with his fist , and sometimes she 'd just come up and grab him .
Sometimes she 'd run out the front door , and sometimes he'd just slap her and beat her until she 'd shut up .
" I can remember times when she'd get hit so hard , it looked like she'd be knocked out , and she 'd stagger and almost fall .
She would give out this desperate scream right at the moment when he would hit her .
" Sometimes , after he'd get done beating her , he'd have forgotten about the kid .
Sometimes he'd go back to the kids and beat even harder .
Then he'd blame the kid for what had happened . "
The phone line falls silent .
" Out in public , " recalls Nate , " she wore sunglasses a lot . "
Mrs. Phelps was beaten even when she was n't interfering .
After Nate and Kathy , the boys figure their mom was victimized the most .
They remember their father finishing one session by throwing her down the stairs from the second floor .
" It had 16 steps , " says Mark .
" And no rail , " continues Nate .
" Mom grabbed at the stairs going over and tore the ligaments and cartilage in her right shoulder .
The doctor said she needed surgery , but my father refused .
We had no medical insurance back then .
She 's had a bad shoulder ever since .
My father often chose that same shoulder to re-injure when he was beating mom .
He 'd grab her right arm and jerk it .
She 'd yelp . "
The voice in the phone sighs : " But ... I guess I do still feel that very deeply ... that she betrayed a gut , primitive bond when she drove off and left me .
I do love my mom .
But I wish she 'd put a stop to it .
She could have and she did n't . "
Pastor Phelps denies beating his children or his wife .
" Hardly a word of truth to that stuff .
You know , it 's amazing to me that even one of them stayed . "
He grins , referring to the nine daughters and sons who remain loyal to him .
Why ?
" Because teachers have the kids from age five .
And children are besieged by their own lusts and foreign ideas .
" Those boys ( Mark and Nate ) did n't want to stay in this church .
It was too hard .
They took up with girls they liked , and the last thing them girls was gonna do was come into this church .
" Those boys wanted to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season .
I can't blame them .
I just feel sorry for them that they 're not bound for the promised land . "
Margie is the second - oldest daughter and the fourth Phelps child .
Her mom goes by ' Marge " , so she is ' Margie ' .
Some say Margie is the de facto head of operations for her father 's war on the community .
Anticipating bad reviews from Nate , at least , she explained : " My brother is furious with his father because he ( Nate ) is married to another man 's wife .
My dad and our whole family do not accept that . "
On the abuse issue , her denials take a softer tone : " There were times in our childhood when each of us had bruises on our behinds .
My dad had a capacity to go too far .
In what he said even more than what he did ... yet , as obnoxious as he can be one minute , he 's the most kind , caring person another minute .
" I have a marvellous relationship with my father as an adult .
He respects me .
He listens to me .
And he helps me .
Most people , when they get older , they do n't have that kind of relationship with their parents . "
Margie , as a single woman , adopted a new - born infant boy nine years ago .
" Jacob does n't have a father , " she says , " and my dad fills in there .
He 's one of Jacob 's best friends .
He 's just a wonderful grandfather to him . "
For his part , Nate remembers Marge bringing home bad grades one day and going running to avoid a beating .
When she got back , she was in an exhausted state .
Fred beat her anyway .
So badly , she lost consciousness and lay in a heap on the floor .
The Pastor Phelps kicked his daughter repeatedly in the head and stomach while she out .
" I saw her interviewed on television , " adds Nate .
" And she said we were n't abused , just strictly brought up . "
He was concerned when he heard her say that : " If she remembers that as a ' strict upbringing ' , then there 's no moral suasion there for her not to ' strictly bring up ' her own child , the adopted Jacob .
" Nate would have ended in the penitentiary without his father 's discipline , " says his mother .
" I believe it 's him who 's the bitter one .
He needed a lot of discipline . "
That 's fair .
All large families have a black sheep .
But this one has four : Nate and Mark rebelled , accepting they'd be turned back from the gates of heaven by their father who was acting as St. Peter 's proxy .
They later received an official letter from the Westboro Baptist Church , informing them they had been ' voted out of the church and delivered to Satan for the destruction of the flesh ' .
Katherine and Dottie suffered the same fate but continue to reside in Topeka .
" Dottie only cares about her career , " says her mom .
" Family is an embarrassment . "
And Kathy ?
" She 's been a bitch since high school , " says Margie .
" Mark , " reflects Mrs. Phelps , " was always well - behaved .
Of the ones who left , he was a surprise . "
According to Mark and Nate , fathering to Pastor Phelps meant the rod and the pulpit .
" My dad never once stood with me , or sat with me , or worked with me to teach me anything about the practical life of a Christian , " says Mark .
" It was just preach on Sunday .
There was no focus on the human heart or being a human - you know , how we were supposed to do that . "
When it came to their formal education as well , Fred 's input to the curriculum was limited to the rod and the wrath of God .
" Our dad had no use for education .
He wanted us all to be lawyers , and for that we needed good grades .
But he would sneer at our subjects , never helped us with our homework , never went to any school meetings and skipped our graduations .
All he cared about were the grades .
On the day they arrived , that was the one day he got involved in our education - usually with the mattock . "
" The only time he met our teachers , " adds Nate , " was when he was suing them . "
Mark remembers a day when the boys had gathered in one room to do their homework .
They 'd been working quietly for some time when the dour pastor walked in .
After staring in simmering malevolence at each of them , he intoned : " You guys think you may be foolin ' me .
But on a cold snowy day , the snow will be crunchin ' under the mailman 's tires , and under his boots , when he puts that letter in our box .
Your grades .
And that 's when the meat 's gonna get separated from the coconut ... "
When the report cards arrived from Landon Middle School one day in January , 1972 , it was n't snowing .
But Jonathon and Nate 's grades were poor and the meat got separated from the coconut .
The beatings were so severe , the boys were covered with massive , broken , purple bruising extending from their buttocks to below their knees .
Neither Jonathon or Nate were able to sit down , and the blows to the backs of their legs had caused so much swelling they were unable to bend them .
Today , Nate has chronic knee complaints whose origin may lie in early trauma to the cartilage .
And after the beatings came the shaming .
It was 1972 - the age of shoulder locks .
Both boys had begged their father not to have crewcuts .
They already felt exposed to enough ridicule as the odd ducks whose father did n't believe in Christmas , whose home no one was allowed to visit , and who were forbidden to visit others ' homes .
Jonathon and Nate had a teenage dread of braving the corridors with flesh - heads in an era of long manes , and their father had relented .
Their hair had been allowed to touch their collars .
But when the grades turned bad , out came the clippers .
No attachments .
Brutally short .
Shaved bald .
" It was not a haircut , " says Nate .
" It was a penalty .
And a further way of cutting us off from the outside world . "
On the following day - a Thursday - the boys came to school wearing red stocking caps .
When asked to remove them in class , they declined .
This upset their teachers almost as much as their refusal to take their seats .
One instructor demanded Nate remove his headgear .
Finally , Nate did .
The teacher stared at his bald head .
So did his classmates .
" On second thought , " said the charitable man , " put it back on . "
For gym class that Friday , the boys had a note from their mom excusing them all week .
By now , the faculty had a pretty good idea what the clothes , notes , and funny hats were covering , and Principal Dittemore asked Jonathon to come into his office .
Waiting for him were the school nurse and a doctor from the community .
They asked the 13 year - old to show them his bruises .
He refused .
Feeling their hands were tied , the staff released Jonathon , only to have the pastor himself show up a few hours later .
During a stormy second meeting , Phelps accused the school , first of slackness and poor discipline , then , paradoxically , of beating his sons and causing the bruising themselves .
He threatened to slap a lawsuit on anyone who pursued the matter .
Not a man to be intimidated , Dittemore reported the suspected child abuse to an officer of the Juvenile Court .
On Monday , the same routine occurred - unable to sit down and insisting on the stocking caps .
Until it came time for gym once more .
The note had excused them for a week , but now the coach demanded they show it again , saying he'd thought it was only for a day .
The boys had left their note at home .
The coach took Nate into the locker room and stood there , waiting for him to get undressed .
Nate refused .
At that point , the faculty relented , and Jonathon and Nate thought they were off the hook .
But , as they walked out of Landon to their mom 's station wagon after school , they saw two police cars waiting .
One of the teachers pointed the boys out to the officers .
Before he knew it , Nate was in a squad car on his way downtown .
" I was terrified .
Not because I was afraid of the police .
I was afraid of my dad .
I kept thinking it was all over but the funeral .
What would my old man do ?
This was my fault and he was going to beat the daylight out of me and I could still barely walk from the last one . "
At the station , Nate remembers everyone was very kind to him .
They spent an enormous amount of time and energy trying to allay his fears and coax him to allow them to photograph his naked backside .
Finally he did .
When the police allowed Mrs. Phelps to take her boys home , Nate 's worst nightmare came true .
After nearly getting arrested for delivering a tirade of obscenities and threats to the juvenile detectives , the dour pastor rushed back to the house and delivered a fresh beating to his exhausted sons .
For the moment , however , it had gone beyond the pastor 's control .
Police detectives investigated the matter , and it was filed as juvenile abuse cases # 13119 and # 13120 .
Jonathon and Nate were assigned a court - appointed lawyer , as a guardian - ad - litem , to protect their interests .
The assistant county attorney took charge of the cases , and juvenile officers were assigned to the boys .
In his motion to dismiss , the ever - resourceful Phelps filed a pontifically sobering sermon on the value of strict discipline and corporal punishment in a good Christian upbringing .
" When he beat us , he told us if it became a legal case , we 'd pay hell , " says Nate .
" And we believed him .
At that time , there was nothing we wanted to see more than those charges dropped .
When the guardian ad litem came to interview us , we lied through our teeth . "
Principals involved in the case speculate the boys ' statements , along with superiors ' reluctance to tangle with the litigious pastor , caused the charges to be dropped .
The last reason is not academic speculation .
The Capital - Journal has learned through several sources that the Topeka Police Department 's attitude toward the Phelps ' family in the ' 70s and ' 80s was hands off - this guy 's more trouble than it 's worth ' .
Three months later , the case was dismissed upon the motion of the state .
The reason given by the prosecutor was " no case sufficient to go to trial in opinion of state " .
The boys were selling candy in Highland Park when they learned from their mom during a rest break the Pastor Phelps would not go on trial for beating his children .
" I felt elated , " remembers Nate .
" It meant at least I would n't get beaten for that . "
But if Nate 's life was so full of pain and fear , why did n't he speak up when he was at the police station and everyone was being so nice to him ?
Nate laughs .
It 's the veteran 's tolerant amusement at the novice 's question .
" We 'll do anything not to have to give up our parents , " he answers .
" That 's just the way kids are .
That 's the way we were . "
" Besides , when it ( abuse ) occurs since birth , it never even crosses your mind to fight back , " interrupts Mark .
" You know how they train elephants ?
They raise them tied to a chain in the ground .
Later , it 's replaced by a rope and a stick .
But the elephant never stops thinking it's a chain . "
The loyal Phelps family are of two minds on the case .
Margie admitted it had occurred .
Jonathon denied it .
The pastor never decided .
Instead , he launched into a lecture on the value of tough love in raising good Christians .
Since their juvenile files were destroyed when the boys reached eighteen , but for their father 's vindictiveness , there might have been no record of this case .
As it was , he sued the school .
This caused the school 's insurance company to request a statement from Principal Dittemore , who complied , describing the events which led to the faculty 's concern the boys were being abused .
The suit was dropped .
When contacted in retirement , Dittemore confirmed he 'd written the letter and acknowledged its contents .
The family now accuses Nate of fabricating his stories of child abuse .
They claim he is spinning these lies out of the malice he has over their opposition to his marriage ( Nate 's wife is divorced ) .
But Nate was married in 1986 .
The described case of abuse was a matter of record 14 years earlier - and 21 years prior to Pastor Phelps ' controversial debut on national television .
The Phelps family has since maintained that , while the case did exist , the charges were invented by the school to harass their family .
They say they were raised under loving but strict discipline , and that is how they 're raising their children .
Jonathon Phelps , who admits he beats his wife and four children , for emphasis reads from Proverbs , 13:24 : " He that spareth his rod , hateth his son .
But he that loveth him , chasteneth him betimes . "
Yes ... but ... where does it say the purple child is a child much - loved ?
Betty Phelps , wife of Fred , Jr. , glowers at the questions .
Anytime you spank a child , you 're going to cause bruising , she explains .
And sneers : " I 'll bet your parents put a pillow in your pants . "
Jonathon , staring straight ahead and not looking at the reporter , states in a barely controlled voice of malevolent threat that , should the reporter tell it differently than just heard , said scribbler is evil and going to hell .
Assuming there 'll be space , the doomed dromedary of capital muckraking must tell it differently .
To begin with , the reporters on this story were raised in the same era and locale as the Phelps boys .
They also grew up under strict discipline , and one of their fathers was , at one time , a professional boxer .
Daddy 's hands sometimes swung a mean leather belt , but only a few strokes , and it left no bruises .
After a few minutes , one could sit down again .
The moving force behind the pastor 's hands was not ' tough love ' , as he so often claims , but malice aforethought .
The Capital - Journal has established from numerous sources conversant with the case that the injuries to Nate and Jonathon Phelps in January of 1972 went far beyond the bounds of a ' strict upbringing '- even by the standards of the strictest disciplinarian .
Those injuries would have been seen as torture and abuse in any era , at any age , in any culture .
Mark 's front porch tale is instructive .
Any psychologist hearing the story about choking that cat today would know immediately to investigate the child 's home life for abuse .
Back then it was not the case .
That child would have been left to find his own way out of the terrible subterranean world another had made for him .
Most do n't .
Research shows nine out of twelve die down there .
In their heart .
When the light in their soul goes out .
If their bodies live on , they grow up mangled and mangle those closest to them .
And it all takes shape down there .
In the dark new universe of a young child 's mind .
Mark Phelps escaped .
His father did not .
That man came to the Kansas capital instead .
And , after 40 years , he still haunts its porches , tormenting its innocents .
The Capital - Journal went south ... Mississippi ... to see if it could learn where and when ... perhaps how ... the light went out for Fred Phelps .
It followed him to Colorado and California , Canada and New Mexico .
For three months , it turned every stone in Topeka , seeking the truth about this man .
What follows is the monster behind the clown , the street corner malevolence mocking the cameras .
3. God's Left Hook
The air hangs heavy , torpid , and hot .
Pulling the warm steam into one 's lungs leaves only a disturbing sense of slow suffocation .
Under the harsh subtropic sun , the magnolia blossoms slip from the black - green leaves , falling like wet snow - petals to perfume the red-clay earth .
In the heat , it leaves a heavy , hanging smell ... the wealth of Dixie .
Fred Phelps spent his first years here .
Outside the courthouse , flags sag limp and breezeless .
Above the doors are cut the words : Thou Shalt Not Bear False Witness Against Thy Neighbor It 's Meridian , Mississippi , town of old store fronts , mouthwatering cornbread , and 40,000 people .
Surrounded by 100 - foot pine forests , its business is lumber .
Trucks and flatbed railcars loaded with freshly cut logs rolls slowly by .
To the sensual fragrance of the magnolias is added the sweet aroma of pine .
While great pyramids of logs await processing into lumber at the plant on the west side , Navy jets roar overhead ... the other source of revenue .
The federal government threatens to close the base down ; the locals fight to keep it .
Meridian was sacked by General Sheridan during the Civil War .
The implacable bluecoat burned the town and tore up what , till then , had been a rail hub of the South .
The town has since recovered .
The railroad did not .
In the cemeteries can be found gravestones of the Confederate dead .
Among them , a more recent marker reads : Catherine Idalette Phelps , Age 28 Fred 's mother used to open all the windows in the house and play the piano , according to Thetis Grace Hudson , former librarian in Meridian and a neighbor of the Phelps family during the Depression .
The other households on her street were too poor to afford any entertainment , she says , so everyone remembered Catherine Phelps for her kindness .
Apparently she played well .
Whenever she was at their house , Hudson remembers she used to ask Mrs. Phelps to play the hymn " Love Lifted Me " on the piano .
Fred 's mother always obliged , even if she was busy .
But , after an illness of several months - those who still remember the family say it was throat cancer - Catherine Phelps died on September 3 , 1935 .
Fred was only five years old .
Since the little boy 's uncle was the mayor of nearby Pascagoula , and his father was prominent in Meridian , the honorary pallbearers at her funeral included the local mayor , a city councilman , two judges , and every member of the police department .
Ms. Hudson says young Fred was bewildered at the loss .
After his mother 's death , a maternal great aunt , Irene Jordan , helped care for Fred and his younger sister , Martha Jean .
" She kept house for the daddy , " adds a distant relative who declined to be identified .
At times , work caused the boy 's father to be away from home and Jordan raised the children .
The woman Fred Phelps has referred to as 'his dear old aunt ' died in a head - on collision in 1951 as she was driving back to Meridian from a nearby town .
The boy had lost two mothers before he 'd turned 21 .
Family friends remember Fred 's father was a tall , stately man .
A true Southern gentlemen , they say .
And a fine Christian .
But the elder Phelps also had a hot temper , according to Jack Webb , 81 , of Porterville , Miss .
Webb owns a general store , the only business in Porterville , a town of about 45 elderly people .
" If he got mad , he was mad all over , " said Webb .
He was ready to fight right quick .
He was mad , mad , mad . "
Webb is a frail man , slightly hard of hearing .
Walking into his general store is like stepping back into the 19th century .
The shelves , all located behind a 100 - foot wooden counter , are stocked with weary tins of Vienna sausage and dusty bottles of aspirin .
Coke goes for 30 cents .
Glass .
No twist - off .
Despite the temper , Webb adds , the elder Phelps was an honorable man .
In Meridian , he had been an object of great respect .
Fred 's father was a veteran of World War One , and throughout his life suffered from the effects of a mustard gassing he'd taken in France .
He found work as a detective for the Southern Railroad to support his family .
The railroad security force or " bulls " , as they were called , had a reputation for brutality when they patrolled the yards to prevent the itinerant laborers , washed out of their hometowns by the Depression , from riding the freights .
" My father , " says Pastor Phelps , " oft - times came home with blood all over him . "
Suddenly he stands up , turning his face away , and exits .
Several minutes later he returns , smiling , apologizing : " You got me thinking about those days , " he offers , then bravely charges into a round of the town 's official song : " Meridian , Meridian ... a city set upon a hill ; Meridian , Meridian ... that radiates the South 's good will . "
The elder Phelps was a " bull " throughout the Depression , says Thetis Hudson , and the pay was good .
The family lived comfortably at a time when the other families in town were being ravaged by hardship .
What was the son like ?
" Fred Phelps had as normal and beautiful a home life as anyone ever wanted , " commented a relative who did n't want their name used .
" His childhood was very good , " says Hudson .
" There was nothing in his family out of the ordinary . "
" All I know is it 's a tragedy , and it stems from within Fred Phelps , " adds the anonymous relative , referring to the homosexual picketing .
" It has nothing to do with his upbringing . "
As a teenager .
Fred was tall and thin and sported a crewcut .
He was extraordinarily smart , but thought to be a bit overbearing about it at times .
A reserved and serious high school student , he never dated anyone while there .
" He was not a real socializer , but he knew a lot of people .
Everyone had the greatest respect for him , " says Joe Clay Hamilton , former high - school classmate , now a Meridian lawyer .
The future Pastor Phelps earned the rank of Eagle Scout with Palms , played coronet and base horn in the high school band , was a high hurdler on the track team , and worked as a reporter on the school 's newspaper .
In a class of 213 graduates , he ranked sixth .
When he was voted class orator for commencement of May , 1946 , received the American Legion Award for courage , leadership , scholarship , and service , then honored as his congressman 's choice for West Point , Fred Phelps was only 16 years old .
A year later this young man , touted as the quiet achiever , had turned his back on West Point , his former life , and his future promise .
The summer of ' 47 would find him a belligerent and eccentric zealot , antagonizing the Mormons in the mountains of Utah .
Because of his age , Phelps had to wait one fateful year before entering the military academy .
During that time he attended the local junior college .
While waiting for his life to start , Fred , along with his best friend , John Capron , went to a revival meeting at the local Methodist church .
It was there the budding pastor felt the ' call ' , and the dreams of going north to West Point melted like the river ice washed down and marooned on the hot mud of the Mississippi banks .
Fred Phelps , by his own description , " went to a little Methodist revival meeting and had what I think was an experience of grace , they call it down there .
I felt the call , as they say , and it was powerful .
The God of glory appeared .
It does n't mean a vision or anything , but it means an impulse on the heart , as the old preachers say . "
The revival had a profound effect on both Phelps and Capron .
" The two of them ' got religion ' , " said Joe Hamilton .
Friends and relatives claim the two boys became so excited , they were unable to distinguish reality from idealism - they were going off to conquer the world .
One relative still in Meridian described it this way : " Fred , bless his heart , just went overboard .
If you did n't accept it , he was going to cram it down your throat . "
Was this radical change in behavior a characteristic of the conversion experience ?
Or was there something hidden in the young man 's character that drew him to the experience and its consequent license for loud and abusive behavior ?
If the latter , then some heart should be heard pounding beneath the floorboards in the old Phelps ' house .
Yet , there is little to be heard .
Fletcher Rosenbaum , a retired lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Air Force who lives in Meridian , went to high school with Phelps .
" He was good at whatever he tried , " Rosenbaum says .
" He was a first - class individual .
I would be surprised if he was n't a top - notch citizen in Topeka . "
Picketing AIDS funerals and the fax attacks on members of his community by Phelps surprised Rosenbaum : " He was very reserved in high school .
Very quiet .
I 'm surprised he would be involved in aggressive activities .
To me , it would be out of character for him . "
This observation may not be entirely accurate .
One woman , a librarian at the Meridian Public Library , said she remembers Phelps and went to school and church with him .
" He does n't bend , " she observed .
" He never did . "
She also described him as " spooky " , " different " , and " a preacher prodigy . "
" You tell him not to do it , and he 'll do it , " said another Meridian woman .
" He was a very determined person .
That 's to be admired , but it can be taken too far . "
Even Fred himself remembers differently .
He was a boxer throughout high school and , reminiscing briefly about his days in Meridian , he chuckles to himself .
If any of the other boys came to class with a puffy face or shiner , their friends would ask if they 'd been sparring with Phelps .
He always left his mark on them , he tells me proudly .
Sid Curtis , a grade - school classmate of Fred 's , remembers the future pastor drew well , even then .
What did he draw ?
Boxers .
A golden glove contender in high school , Fred fought twice in state meets , winning matches which , according to him , were head - on slugfests .
Not aggressive ?
Not the Bull of Topeka yet , but clearly it was in his character .
A story in the high - school paper , predicting the futures of Phelps and his classmates , reads : " Fred Phelps will box in Madison Square Garden next June , 1954 .
Young Phelps will fight for the world championship . "
One can only wonder what deep currents rose in the teenager whenever he climbed into the ring .
Recalling the earlier testimony of his sons , Nate and Mark , and remembering that research has proven abusive behavior is passed with high probability from one generation to the next , the question must be raised : Was the Pastor Phelps equally abused as a child ?
In the South , there is an unwritten code you do n't bad - mouth one of your own .
Strangers are welcome unless they ask too many questions , or speak ill of Southern folks and ways .
In fact , if ET had come down in Meridian instead of Southern California , and a yankee inquired about that today , folks would probably scratch their chins , figure the carpet - baggers with a knowing eye , and say he was a quiet boy , little short for his age ... but had good hands for the piano ...
If the stories his sons have told are true , the outside observer has two choices in understanding Fred Phelps : either there 's a pounding heart under the floor in that old house or the teenager 's Saul - into - Paul experience produced the character change .
However , many Christians might find it difficult to believe that discovering Jesus would render a good - natured , quiet lad into the bullying hostile whose trail we will shortly follow from Vernal , Utah to Topeka , Kansas .
If something did happen to throw Fred Waldron Phelps off track , something that mangled him for life , no one in Meridian wanted to say .
Doing that no doubt would be to speak ill of the dead - something Pastor Phelps also was taught to avoid .
Yet , suddenly at 16 , the child has become the man : fanatic , unempathic , combative , and vindictive .
If there is an answer to the question , ' why does Fred hate us all so much ? ' , perhaps it lies in those years , age five to 15 , when his father was largely absent and Fred and his sister were cared for by Irene Jordan .
" If he were dead , I 'd talk , " says Fred 's sister , Martha Jean Capron , now residing in Pennsylvania .
" But as long as he 's alive ... that 's up to him ... "
Following the revival experience , Phelps abandoned plans for West Point .
He moved to Cleveland , Tennessee , where he attended Bob Jones College , a non-denominational Christian academy .
John Capron went with him .
While Fred and his boyhood chum would eventually separate over religion , Martha Jean and Capron never would : they were married and moved to Indonesia as missionaries .
John was a minister there for ten years .
Later he would smuggle Bibles into Communist China .
Pastor Phelps ' brother - in - law died of a heart attack in 1982 .
Perhaps it 's a shame Phelps did n't go to West Point .
An army career could have provided a healthy outlet for his aggression , been more compatible with his demanding and commanding nature , while his strong body , mind , and will would have been an asset to the service and his country .
If he 'd survived Korea as a 2nd lieutenant , probably he'd have been a lieutenant colonel by Vietnam .
There he'd almost certainly have chipped his Manichaean mandibles of dualism on that war 's hard bone of moral ambiguity .
Either he'd have ended on a river somewhere , whispering " the horror ... the horror ... " to bewildered junior officers , or gained a wider horizon and returned home to retire an urbane cynic and Southern gentleman .
But in 1946 , Fred Phelps had a year to kill instead of Nazis or North Koreans .
The revival took him from Meridian to Bob Jones ; from there the future pastor found another outlet for his anger .
This one gave instant gratification and conferred adult license to abuse almost overnight : lip - shooting preacher ; revivalist minister .
And , unlike Vietnam , here God was unequivocally on his side ...
As part of a Rocky Mountain mission assignment in summer , 1947 , Phelps and two other students from Bob Jones were to seek out a fundamentalist church , convert non-believers to Christianity and steer the converts to that church .
The three men chose Vernal , a town in northeast Utah .
They would be working to convert , not secular hedonists , but a population that was predominantly and staunchly Mormon .
When Fred and his friends got there , they set up a meeting tent brought from Bob Jones in the city park .
A local Baptist minister provided them food and lodging ( B.H. McAlister , who would later ordain Phelps ) .
During the day the do - it - yourself apostles went door - to - door , seeking converts to the good news .
At night , they conducted revival meetings in the tent .
Only no one came .
So Ed Nelson , one of the trio , had an idea .
He went to a local radio station and asked if he might buy a block of time .
Nope , was the reply .
Not if you 're going to attack the Mormon church .
Ok , said Ed , can I announce I 'll be giving an address tonight at the tent ?
Sure .
So Ed Nelson announced on the radio he'd be doing just that .
And the title of the speech ?
' What 's Wrong with the Mormon Church ? ' says Ed , over the air .
That night , continues Nelson , now 69 and a traveling Baptist evangelist based in Denver , a huge crowd arrived .
It was so large , the trip had to roll up the sides of the tent .
Ed was nervous , but he gave his speech .
The crowd listened politely .
When the young evangelist was finished , a man in the crowd asked would there be questions .
Sure , said Ed .
But the very first one stumped him , Nelson confesses disarmingly , and he panicked .
Flustered , he announced there would be no more questions .
Several in the throng protested , saying that , after sitting in courtesy , listening to their religion attacked , they were n't going to let the young men off so easily - that they should be willing to answer the crowd 's questions .
At that , Fred rushed one of the men speaking and started to throw a punch , but Ed grabbed his arm and shouted : " Fred ! Fred !
No !
Do n't you do it ! "
" And , " Nelson recounts , " Fred looked at that guy and he said , ' you shut your mouth , you dirty ...' something or other . "
Which , to Ed , only compounded their troubles .
Fred 's companion then raised his arms and shouted , " Folks , the meeting 's over !
It 's over ! "
And he rushed out and killed the lights inside the tent .
This discouraged any further theological discussion .
It would seem this format - speak one 's mind , then take violent offense at anything less than complete agreement , and suppress all opposing views by any means handy - was the major life lesson learned by Fred Phelps during his sojourn among the Vernal heathen .
" He was hot - headed and peculiar , " remembers Nelson about Fred then .
Eventually the minister decided to cease his association with Phelps because of his hostility and aggressiveness .
" The last time I saw him , he was traveling through ( on the road preaching ) .
My wife and I gave them a hundred dollars and a bunch of handkerchiefs . "
When told of what Phelps was doing today , Ed said : " I 'm not surprised .
He was heading that way .
He was so brilliant , he was dangerous .
He was getting involved in the idea that only he was saved ... going into heresy ... "
Though vandals damaged the tent , the boys from Bob Jones continued to hold nightly meetings there during the rest of their vacation .
No one came , but Nelson reports they did manage to convert two teenage girls - at least for the summer .
At the end of their stay , Fred got ordained .
Ordained ?
At 17 ?
Is n't that too young ?
" No , it is n't , " replies B.H. McAlister , who did the ordaining .
" If he can pass the test , he is eligible .
I do n't think the word of God is bound by age . "
Phelps was at least three years younger than most when they become ministers .
Southern Baptists do not require a candidate for the ministry be a graduate of seminary .
McAlister , who has helped ordain hundreds of ministers , said an examination board of 10 to 20 ministers would ask a candidate questions about doctrines and scriptures .
Not everyone passed .
Fred Phelps did - but only after McAlister and a missionary convinced the teenager he was wrong on a scriptural fine point .
Which point was that ?
According to McAlister , Phelps considered the local church to be more than a place of fellowship - for him , membership in the local congregation directly corresponded to membership in the Body of Christ .
Phelps may have conceded the point to be ordained , but , for 40 years , his family and church members in Topeka have been controlled by his threat that , if they depart his congregation , they must carry a letter of permission from him .
In addition , they must join a congregation that he approves .
Otherwise , as with Mark and Nate , the pastor Phelps draws up the dreaded missive ordering the straying sheep to be ' delivered to Satan for the destruction of the flesh . '
" We barely knew him , " admits McAlister , who settled upon Fred the distinction of having been both baptized and ordained in a single eventful summer .
Phelps returned that autumn to Bob Jones , but left after a year without graduating .
Later he would say he did so because the school was racist .
In 1983 , the IRS revoked the tax exemption of Bob Jones , accusing it of practicing racial discrimination .
From there , Fred went north to the Prairie Bible Institute near Calgary , Alberta .
But after two semesters he moved on .
Sources have disclosed the head of the college felt pastor Phelps might be clinically disturbed .
Compatible with that diagnosis , Fred 's next stop was Southern California .
There he enrolled at John Muir College in Pasadena .
Campaigning to change community sexual mores with a sign and a sidewalk harangue has been a four - decade effort for Fred .
His implacable efforts at John Muir to root out necking and petting on campus and dirty jokes in the classroom reached the pages of TIME magazine ( 11 June 1951 ) .
After being forbidden to preach on campus and getting removed at least once by police from college property , Fred finally found a following that cheered his defiance of authority when he returned to harangue from a sympathizer 's lawn across the street .
TIME speculated it might presage a movement back to more solid values by the younger generation .
Phelps cashed in on the notoriety of the TIME article to become a traveling evangelist again - this time with more success than in Vernal .
In return for spending a week or two preaching at an established church or giving a revival , he would receive a bed , his meals , and a small stipend for gas to the next assignment .
It was during one such ministry in Phoenix that he met his wife , Marge .
She was a student at Arizona Bible School and an au-pair with the family that took in the itinerant evangelist .
Today 's Mrs. Phelps remembers being curious about the minister who'd been in TIME magazine .
Laura Woods , the mistress of the house who gave voice lessons during the day , remembers Fred was the perfect guest .
He helped build a room , mowed the lawn , made the beds , and washed the dishes , she said .
When the couple decided to get married , Mrs. Woods made Marge Simms two dresses - a wedding gown and an outfit to travel in .
They were married May 15 , 1952 .
Laura and her husband , Arthur , remain friends today with Fred and Marge Phelps .
The couple moved to Albuquerque for a year , where Marge kept house while Fred traveled a circuit around the Southwest - one that took him from Durango , Colorado to Tucson , Arizona .
Fred Jr. , the first of their thirteen children , was born May 4 , 1953 .
The family then lived in Sunnyslope , Arizona for a year while pastor Phelps continued his itinerant ministry .
Mrs. Phelps was eight months pregnant with Mark when Pastor Leaford Cavin at the Eastside Baptist Church in Topeka invited Fred to come and preach .
On Fred Jr.'s first birthday , the family arrived in the Kansas capital to find it an auspicious day indeed : May 4 , 1954 was the day the U.S. Supreme Court handed down its historic decision , Brown vs. Board of Education of Topeka , the landfall desegregation case which ruled separate but equal schools for blacks and whites were unconstitutional .
The Pastor Phelps saw the coincidence of the Brown decision - just as he was deciding where to settle - as a sign telling him that Topeka was The Place .
On that watershed day for America , if the new arrivals visited the state capitol building , perhaps Phelps was struck by the dramatic mural of the raging giant on the burning prairie , rifle in one hand , Bible ( law book ) in the other .
Perhaps , as he has hinted , Pastor Phelps came to Topeka , saw it had become a national forum on black civil rights , saw the power of the legal profession , and decided it had fallen to him : Kansas would have a new John Brown .
4. Dog Days for the Pastor
Before greatness could be thrust upon him , however , this new John Brown would suffer his dog days .
At first , the new arrivals sailed smoothly into the Eastside Baptist community .
Fred was roundly admired for his thunderous preaching , and was quickly hired an associate pastor .
The ladies at Eastside all liked Marge and made the young mother welcome in their circles .
Things went swimmingly .
The Eastside congregation was planning to open a new church across town , and it seemed natural when their pastor , Leaford Cavin , asked Fred to fill the job .
The Eastside church issued bonds to purchase the property at 3701 12th Street .
To help Brother Phelps get underway , the congregation re-roofed the building , painted it , and bought the songbooks necessary .
A start - up group of about 50 former members of Eastside volunteered to attend services at Westboro .
The church formally opened on May 20 , 1956 .
Fred had it all .
A fine church and a congregation of his own .
What went wrong ?
What did provides an insight into the man who craves a greater and greater role as a moral arbiter of our times .
" We gave him his church ; painted ; roofed it ; even bought his songbooks ; and after only a few weeks , he turned on us , " says a long - time member of Eastside .
Apparently not everyone in Leaford Cavin 's church was enthusiastic about Phelps .
One from that time recalls Fred , Marge , 2 year - old Fred , Jr. , and 10 month - old Mark were in the pews one Sunday with the rest of the congregation , listening to Cavin preach .
Mark began squirming suddenly .
To the appalled amazement of his fellow worshipers nearby , the junior pastor repeatedly slapped the infant across the face with an open palm and backhand , snapping Mark 's tiny head to and fro .
Afterwards , several of the men in the congregation confronted Fred and told him never to do that again .
Mark Phelps laughs to hear that story relayed : " My mom once told me - proudly , as if she 'd effected a big change in his behavior - that my father had beaten my older brother when he was only five months old .
She said she 'd argued with him about it and he'd agreed to hold off beating the kids till they were a year old . "
" Phelps was wrapped pretty tight , even back then , " recalls an old member of Eastside .
" He was very severe with his children and a lot of people did n't care for him .
But we all thought he was a man of God . "
Within weeks after receiving his new status , building , and congregation , Fred Phelps warmed on the hearth of Eastside 's hospitality and but the hands that had helped him .
He and Leaford Cavin had an almost immediate falling - out over whether God hated the sinner as well as the sin .
" Today , Fred will tell you it was theological differences , " says an acquaintance of Cavin , " but those differences did n't seem to bother him when he needed out help . "
Adds another : " Theological differences ?
Brother Cavin was a very staunch Baptist . "
But not staunch enough for Fred ?
" I do n't know if there ever was a man more strict than Leaford Cavin .
Really , it was the anger in Fred , not doctrine , that caused him to act the way he did . "
When a man in Fred 's new congregation came to him for marital counseling , the pastor recommended a good beating for the wife .
The man followed his spiritual guide 's advice .
Later , he called the pastor to ask for bail : apparently separation of church and state did n't apply to assault and battery .
Phelps paid the confused Christian 's bail , but stuck to his guns : a former members of the early Westboro community remembers the following Sunday Pastor Fred was fiery in his message that a good left hook makes for a right fine wife : " Brethren , " preached Phelps , " they can lock us up , but we 'll still do what the Bible tells us to do .
Either our wives are going to obey , or we 're going to beat them ! "
" Leaders , " observes B.H. McAlister , the minister who ordained Fred , " break down into shepherd and sheep - herders .
The first lead , the second drive the sheep .
If love is absent , the pastor is one who drives the flock ; with love , he leads it . "
Mark remembers his father used to frequently tell of the time he purified the flock and paid the price for his courage .
Apparently a female member of that early Westboro congregation was discovered having an affair with a soldier from Ft. Riley .
Only the males in the congregation were allowed to vote , and the pastor prevailed upon them to cast the Madeleine from the midst .
Away from the effects of his heated rhetoric , however , many of those swayed felt first remorse , then disgust at their part in the moral lynching .
Mark remembers his father always referred to this incident to explain why his congregation had deserted him .
In later years , Phelps was convinced he was alone in his church with only his children to listen because those who'd opened Westboro were too weak for the harsh truth of God : that He hated sinners as well as the sin ; and therefore
His elect must also hate the sinners - even those who might be assembled with them .
If the local Baptist churches were still unsure about the new fire and brimstone brother from Arizona , shooting his neighbor 's dog did n't help .
Aside from etching one of his children 's earliest memories , shotgun - blasting the large German shepherd that had wandered into his unfenced yard quickly got the novice pastor notice in his community .
The incident was discussed in the papers , and the dog's owner sued the arrogant minister .
Fred defended himself and won , an action his son Mark believes may have encouraged his father 's turn to the law .
But the irrationality and violence of the act sent the last of his congregation scurrying back to Eastside .
For weeks after the shooting , one church member recalls , someone placed signs on the lawn in front of Westboro at night that declared prophetically : " Anyone who 'd stoop to killing a dog someday will mistake a child for a dog . "
Soon it was clear no one wanted any part of Fred 's god not if he hated like Fred .
And that posed a problem for the Pastor Phelps : he still owed 32 dollars a week on the bonds for the church , and no one was paying for his hate show on Sundays .
To cover his mortgage and support his family , the failed pastor turned his pitch from God to vacuum cleaners .
During the following five years , he went door - to - door in Topeka , selling those and baby carriages and , finally , insurance .
In a pattern that held ominous overtones for the future , Phelps at some point sued almost everyone who employed him during that period .
He also carried on a running feud with Leaford Cavin at Eastside Baptist .
Cavin spent several years trying to discover how to repair his mistake and stop the nightmare unfolding at the Westboro church .
" Eastside held the mortgage on Westboro , " remembers one churchgoer who was involved in the finances there , " and we always hoped Fred would miss a payment so we could foreclose .
But he never did . "
To save money , the pastor moved his wife and children into the church .
Since the congregation at Westboro was essentially the Phelps family , Cavin convinced John Towle , county assessor , that Westboro should be taxed as private residence .
The controversy was covered in the media , and the exemption for 3701 West 12th was lifted .
But again the fighting Pastor Phelps taught himself enough about the law to successfully contest the decision before the Board of Tax Appeals .
For good measure , he sued Cavin and Stauffer Communications for libel .
He lost the suit , but the lines of his future had now been drawn : Fred Phelps had his castle and his church and he 'd learned how to defend them .
His chosen community detested him , but that was to be expected when one was elect and immersed in a world of damned souls .
Fred was content that his god hated those who questioned him .
And he was content to remain in his private La Rochelle and sally forth occasionally to smite the reprobate .
One old member of Eastside is philosophical about the feud with Pastor
Fred : " I 'll tell you one thing , we can feel awfully lucky he turned down that slot at West Point .
Right now , he 'd probably be a general - with his finger on the button . "
It was during this period that the Pastor Phelps cut the final ties with his original family .
When talking with friends , Fred 's father never discussed the son he had in Topeka , says Fred Stokes , a retired army officer who lives outside Meridian .
Stokes was a close friend of the elder Phelps and a pallbearer at his funeral in 1977 : " He had some fundamental beliefs that were unshakeable , but he did n't force them on anyone . "
In his later years , Stokes says , Fred 's father was active in the Methodist Church .
" He was a very kind , grand fatherly person .
He was at peace with himself and did n't have any rancor toward anybody at the time of his death . "
Marks tells how his grandfather , Fred , ( whose name he learned only recently from Capital - Journal reporters ) once came to visit them in Topeka when Mark was a child .
What he recalls most vividly is standing on the platform at the railroad station with his father and grandfather .
As they waited to put him on the train back to Meridian , the preacher told the weeping old man never to come back , not to call , nor to write .
" I remember my grandfather was crying .
He told my father to get back in the Methodist Church and stop all this nonsense . "
Pastor Phelps admits there was a rift between him and his father .
" He was disappointed when I did n't go to West Point , which is understandable .
He worked hard to get that appointment for me , and he was a very active Methodist , so he was disappointed in that .
But my dad was a super guy that I loved deeply and I miss him . "
Relatives in Mississippi said the elder Phelps never really got over his abandonment by his son .
" It grieved him a lot , " remembers one .
When Pastor Phelps was 15 and in his last year of high school his father , 51 , married a 39 year - old divorcee named Olive Briggs .
The son would leave home soon after and grow up to be a fierce critic of divorce .
Olive 's sister , who did n't want her name used , said Olive was a kind Southern lady who never had children and treated Fred and his sister , Martha Jean , as if they were her own .
The new Mrs. Phelps often talked to her sister about the trouble between the former railroad detective and his son , the Baptist preacher .
" Olive would say he grieved over that every day of his life .
That he never would have parted ways .
It was his son who parted ways . "
Other relatives recalled that , each year , the grandparents sent birthday and Christmas presents to their grandchildren in Topeka .
Each year they were returned unopened .
Photos of grandpa and grandma the pastor gave his extra touch : " When they once sent him pictures of themselves for us kids to have , I remember watching my dad cutting them meticulously into little pieces with a pair of scissors .
Then he placed them in an envelope and mailed them back . "
When the elder Phelps died in 1977 , and Olive Briggs in 1985 , of the two not inconsiderable wills , Fred 's father left him one - eighth and his sister , seven - eighths .
Fred 's stepmother left her entire estate to Martha Jean .
There would be no relatives dropping by from mother 's side either .
Though Marge Phelps had nine brothers and sisters still living in rural Missouri or nearby Kansas City , with one notable exception , her own children never met them or so much as knew their names .
And the firm pastor forbade his children to play or talk with the rest of the youngsters in the neighborhood .
Says Mark : " I wanted friends to share with and talk to , but felt it was the wrong thing and felt guilty .
They would initiate conversation or want to play , and I would feel real scared and not know what to do or say .
Sometimes I could n't avoid talking , and it made me feel real uneasy and scared that I would get caught .
" My dad used to make me go and tell the neighbor kids they could n't play by the fence , or talk to us , or come in the yard .
He 'd say , " I 'm tellin ' you , if those fucking kids are in this yard again and I catch them , it 's you I 'm going to beat ! "
" I used to have to fight the kids sometimes , or yell at them , or push them out of the yard ; or I 'd turn my back and ignore them so they would n't want to talk or be friendly and get me in trouble . "
While this is in keeping with the ' fortress Phelps ' mentality the pastor embarked on shortly after opening Westboro , it is interesting to speculate how much of the strange goings - on within the fortress the pastor feared his children might reveal had they been allowed outside confidants .
When Fred 's sister , Martha Jean , and her husband , Fred 's teenage best - buddy , John Capron , returned to the U.S. on a year sabbatical from their Indonesian mission , they came to see Fred .
In part , they 'd come to arrange a reconciliation between the brittle pastor and his devastated father .
They never got started .
" He would n't even talk to me , " Fred 's sister told her nephew , Mark .
The good pastor bid her also leave and never return .
Mark remembers riding his bike along in the street , both curious and embarrassed , watching his aunt go weeping down the sidewalk for three blocks from their house .
With that , the vengeful minister had succeeded in cutting all lines leading to his captive congregation .
Anyone in the outside world who might know of their existence or be concerned for their welfare had been driven off .
After he had sold insurance for several years , Phelps had amassed enough commissions off the yearly premiums to allow him to stop working and go to law school .
He had already transferred credits from Bob Jones and John Muir to Washburn , then taken course work there to receive his degree .
Fred Phelps had guts .
When he entered Washburn Law School , he had a wife and seven children .
When he graduated , his family had grown by three .
Phelps was editor of the Law Review and star of the school 's moot court .
He is remembered by some of the faculty as perhaps the most brilliant student ever to pass through Washburn Law .
If the public performance was impressive , however , the private life grew even more dark .
" It was a very rare occasion , " says Mark , " when he would com
If you ’re looking for private WOW servers you should check out server lists , server lists that allow players to vote for their private WOW servers .
Why ?
Mainly because that ’s the one thing that guarantee ’s that the server is actually populated .
Private WOW servers : https://serverlist101.com/wow-servers/
There are still no questions asked go to private WOW servers , for example Legion server would be one of those , WotLK server and Warmane private WOW server .
If you ’re looking for something new , something different then you ’re going to have to do some research and check out different private WOW servers .
Also consider this , not all private WOW servers are running on the same version , some WOW servers are using older version with expansion packs and newer graphics , while others are using up to date client with latest content found on official WOW servers .
The choice is yours .
I had spent 21 years of my life in shirt - and - tie Corporate America , atop high - risers spanning New York , Los Angeles and Chicago , and a few other stops along the way .
Looking back , if someone asked me to describe those 21 years I would ’ve responded with an unpleasant adjective like “ bland ” , “ robotic ” or “ dull ” .
Day in and day out , it was the same story : wake up in the morning , have some coffee , get to the another nameless corporate building , go up the elevator , get some work done , take the same elevator down and leave the same nameless building .
One day a few years ago I decided I had enough .
I was becoming sick of the same day replaying itself and I made the decision to go for something better .
This is not a sob story to reach for your sympathy , it is a story that I hope will uplift , and open your eyes to a better way .
Something happened that day and it changed the way I ’ve lived my life forever .
I decided from that day forward that my life motto would be “ do n’t settle “ .
Do n’t settle for less , do n’t settle for worse , do n’t settle for second - best ; no matter what it is I take on , make sure I do n’t settle .
That day really put things into perspective for me .
I decided I needed to change my life , have a new beginning of sorts .
That ’s when I moved to London ( a place I had been quite familiar with before ) , and , after a few months , a friend of mine told me about a new way to enjoy life while still allowing me to run my beloved business .
It was a new and innovative concept , and one that ended up changing my life forever .
He had found out about a ship that rents out open spaces that can be used for almost any business or event purposes .
I thought he was kidding at first but seeing the passion for it in his eyes , I knew I could n’t take his suggestion as some mere joke , and had to investigate further .
I decided for one of the first times in my life to take a step out of the box and give it a shot .
Sitting here today ( on a ship ) I can proudly say this is quite possibly the best business move I have ever made .
Instead of the dark , gloomy , repetitive days of showing up to static and lifeless buildings , I am now in a place that allows me to open up my mind in a way I never have before .
I ’ve found a level of creativity and comfort I never envisioned was possible before I got here .
The soothing and relaxing feeling of a ship cradling me for 8 hours a day is something that does n’t just put me in a constant state of happiness while working , but also breeds a certain level of excitement every morning when I wake up to go to work .
It ’s really an indescribable experience , one that I can not even begin to portray in my words , and one that I feel that every businessperson , writer , or entertainer must try at some point of their lives .
The reason I ’ve decided to tell my story is to open the eyes of everyone out there who ’s not happy with where they ’re at or what they ’re doing .
My message remains – do n’t settle .
There ’s a whole world of opportunities out there for you to grasp and many different ways for you to do so .
This is just one of them .
Hopefully it wo n’t take you 21 years .
TORONTO–Canada 's ban on direct - to - consumer drug advertising probably saved Canadians with high cholesterol and their drug plans $ 150 million in 2006 alone .
A new study comparing U.S. and Canada sales patterns of a controversial cholesterol lowering drug show the dramatic savings .
Canadian sales of the drug Ezetrol – the generic name is ezetimibe – were four times lower than those rung up south of the border , where the drugs ' manufacturers spent $ 200 million ( U.S ) .
advertising the drug to consumers in 2007 .
Sales of ezetimibe , which is sold solo in the U.S. as Zetia or combined with a statin drug as Vytorin , are expected to drop after Sunday 's release of trial results showing the drug failed to slow atherosclerosis , the clogging of the arteries with fatty deposits .
" It basically shows that the approach in Canada to this whole drug was much more appropriate and evidence - based compared to the U.S. approach where basically it 's been marketed very aggressively , " says Dr. Jack Tu , one of the authors of the study comparing usage trends in the two countries .
" It 's sort of a textbook example of the potential downsides if you have direct - to - consumer advertising where the manufacturer potentially can promote new and expensive drugs that do n't have a huge amount of evidence behind them and get them to be first - line therapy as opposed to older , cheaper medications with a lot more evidence , " Tu says .
Canada 's ban on direct - to - consumer drug advertising is currently being challenged in the courts by CanWest Global Communications .
The study was conducted by researchers from Western University of Health Sciences , in Pomona , Calif. , the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences ( ICES ) in Toronto , and Yale University .
Tu , a senior scientist at ICES , is also a cardiologist and epidemiologist at Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre .
It will be published in a future issue of the New England Journal of Medicine , but was released Sunday to coincide with the presentation of the findings of the Enhance trial at the American College of Cardiology meeting in Chicago .
That long - awaited trial tested whether Vytorin ( ezetimibe plus simvastatin ) was better at slowing atherosclerosis than simvastatin alone .
Ezetimibe was brought to the U.S. market in October , 2002 , and in Canada in May , 2003 .
Vytorin hit the U.S. market in July , 2004 , but was never licensed for sale in Canada .
The manufacturers , Merck and Co. and Schering - Plough Corp. , aggressively pushed the drugs in the U.S. with TV commercials .
Only the U.S. and New Zealand allow direct - to - consumer advertising .
Here , Health Canada allows pharmaceutical companies to advertise only either the name of a drug or a health condition with a reminder that people who suffer from it should talk to a doctor about potential treatments .
Meanwhile , worldwide sales of ezetimibe alone or in combination took off , recently crossing the $ 5 billion ( U.S. ) threshold – despite no evidence it was better at slowing the clogging of the arteries .
The drug captured 15 per cent of the U.S. market for cholesterol lowering drugs by 2006 , whereas in Canada it made up only 3.4 per cent of such sales .
" No one should be surprised by this , " says Arthur Schafer , director of the Centre for Professional and Applied Ethics at the University of Manitoba .
Schafer did not take part in the study .
" There 's lots of evidence that if you advertise directly to consumers and ... induce the patients to mention a particular drug to their doctors , their doctors are likely to prescribe it regardless of the medical evidence for that drug .
" We knew that beforehand and this is a powerful illustration of what will happen in Canada if and when the government of Canada lifts its restriction on direct - to - consumer advertising within Canada . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The Canadian Press
払いすぎている借金とは？過払い金について
期限切れが迫る過払い金
もし消費者金融のカードローンやクレジットカードでのキャッシングを利用していて高い利息にも関わらずに毎月毎月返済していた人は「過払い金」と言ってお金が返ってくるかもしれません。
返還される理由としては本来決められていた利息があるにも関わらずにそれ以上の利息で貸し付けていた為、貸金業者（消費者金融やクレジット会社）はその超えた分を返還しなければならなくなりました。
この返還を求める制度が「過払い金返還請求」です。
例外を除いて本来であればほとんどの場合に勝てるのが過払い金請求なんですね。
しかし、過払い金請求は思いもよらぬお金が返ってくるのでメリットしかないと思われがちですが、デメリットももちろん存在します。
過払い金請求のメリット、デメリットとは？ 借金でマイナスのはずがプラスになることも？
過払い金請求をする事で得られるメリットとしてはまずお金が返ってくる事です。
どれぐらい返還されるのかは一度「引き直し計算」と言われる計算をして過払い金の額を出しますが、人によっては数百万、数千万も過払い金がある場合もあります。
シミュレーターを使って導き出す事も出来ますが、自信のない人は一度弁護士や司法書士の先生に問い合わせるとよいでしょう。
また、過払い金は借金が残っている場合、その借金と相殺する事も出来るので借金がゼロになるどころかプラスになって終わる事もあります。
請求先から今後は借入出来ない 貸金業者は事実上悪いことをしていた事になるので過払い金としてお金を返還する事になるのですが、一度返還請求をするともう今後はその請求先から借入が出来ません。
それには一度納得した上で当時に契約をして借り入れていたわけですから、後から言われたとしても向こう側からしたら変な話ですよね。
ですので一度過払い金請求をすると今後は借入出来なくなるデメリットがあります。
ただ借入先は他にも色々あるので、その会社だけに固執する必要はありませんね。
ブラックリストになる可能性 ブラックリストとは過去に延滞や金融事故があった際に登録される機関へのリストです。
債務整理をすると通常はこの機関に登録されるのですが、任意整理をして結果過払い金請求として終わる場合にタイムラグの関係上、間違って登録される事があります。
携帯端末の分割購入や借入したり新規のクレジットカードを作る事がない人にはあまり関係ないかもしれませんが、普段当たり前のように生活をしていた事がブラックリストになった事で弊害になってしまう場合があるので万が一のデメリットとして覚えておきましょう。
Finally , a use for electrocution besides your own , twisted interests .
A company in Arizona has created a bandaging system which uses electrically activated wound - dressings to heal injuries .
Dubbed the CMB Antimicrobial Wound Dressing with PROSIT ( or CMBAWDWP as we like to call it ) , the bandage works by utilizing a single - layer polyester fabric which can carry a low - level electrical charge when wet .
Over a short period of time , the charge can greatly reduce bacteria and infections in the treatment area .
Also , it 's fun at parties .
[ Via medgadget
FOR THE second year running “ And Tango Makes Three ” , a children 's book , has topped the American Library Association 's list of “ Ten Most Challenged Books ” .
The tale of two male penguins adopting an orphaned egg provoked more written complaints to libraries and schools in 2007 than any other book .
Inappropriate sex , homosexuality and atheism are the most common reasons for complaints .
Mark Twain's “ Huckleberry Finn ” has been accused of racism .
Despite the ban requests , most challenges are unsuccessful .
AP
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - More than 1,600 years after it was written in Greek , one of the oldest copies of the Bible will become globally accessible online for the first time this week .
From Thursday , sections of the Codex Sinaiticus , which contains the oldest complete New Testament , will be available on the Internet , said the University of Leipzig , one of the four curators of the ancient text worldwide .
High resolution images of the Gospel of Mark , several Old Testament books , and notes on the work made over centuries will appear on www.codex-sinaiticus.net as a first step towards publishing the entire manuscript online by next July .
Ulrich Johannes Schneider , director of Leipzig University Library , which holds part of the manuscript , said the publication of the Codex online would allow anyone to study a work of " fundamental " importance to Christians .
" A manuscript is going onto the net which is like nothing else online to date , " Schneider said .
" It 's also an enrichment of the virtual world -- and a bit of a change from YouTube . "
Selected translations will be available in English and German for those not conversant in ancient Greek , he added .
Dating from around 350 , the document is believed by experts to be the oldest known copy of the Bible , along with the Codex Vaticanus , another ancient version of the Bible , Schneider said .
The vellum manuscript came to Europe piece by piece from Saint Catherine 's Monastery by Mount Sinai after German biblical scholar Konstantin von Tischendorf found a number of folios there in 1844 .
He was allowed to take some to Leipzig .
Tischendorf returned to the monastery in 1859 with Russian backing and acquired the biggest section of the Bible for his imperial sponsors .
It remained in St. Petersburg until the Soviet Union sold it to the British Museum in 1933 .
" The first section was clearly a gift to Tischendorf , but that 's not so clear in the case of the second portion .
The monks all signed a contract at the time , but the rumor persists that they were given a raw deal , " said Schneider .
" And there is probably some truth to this . "
Subsequent discoveries meant that the original Codex , missing roughly half the Old Testament , is now housed at four locations in Europe and the Middle East .
The project , launched in cooperation with the Russian National Library , the British Library and Saint Catherine 's Monastery , also details the condition of the Bible , believed to have been written by early Christians in Egypt .
" I think it 's just fantastic that thanks to technology we can now make the oldest cultural artifacts -- ones that were once so precious you could n't show them to anyone -- accessible to everyone , in really high quality , " said Schneider .
( editing by Ron Popeski )
Source : YN
See also :
NASA 's Balloon Telescope
Carbon Nanotube Windmills Powered by ' Electron Wind '
First DNA Molecule Made Almost Entirely Of Artificial Parts
The chart above ( click to enlarge ) shows the cost of 1,000 gallons of gas as a percent of per- capita disposable income , annually back to 1929 , using
for gas prices and
BEA data
for disposable income and
GFD data
for population ( subscription required ) .
The retail price of gas was only about 20 cents a gallon from 1929 to 1946 , but annual per- capita disposable income in the 1930s was only about about $ 400 - 500 ( about $ 6,000 in today 's dollars ) , so that a 1,000 gallons of gas cost as much as almost 49 % of per - capita disposable income in 1933 , and averaged more than 38 % from 1929 - 1939 ~ !
To reach those levels today , gas would have to sell for between $ 14 and $ 17 per gallon !
Bottom Line :
When it comes to gas prices , it could be a lot worse .
It was a lot worse .
A lot , lot worse .
Kern County Clerk Ann Barnett has announced that her office will stop performing all weddings a few days before June 17 , the date that same - sex couples can legally apply for marriage licenses .
Barnett ’s staff processes marriage licenses for hundreds of Kern County residents each year and it will continue to do , for both straight and gay couples , beginning June 17 as required by law , she said in a written statement .
But as of June 13 , the staff will no longer officiate at civil ceremonies for an extra $ 30 fee .
Officials cited financial reasons for the decision .
But internal memos between a high - ranking official in Barnett ’s office and a conservative Christian legal defense fund , published in the Bakersfield Californian this week , indicate that Barnett may have acted on principle rather than for financial reasons .
As Barnett , who holds an elected office , prepared to make her decision public Wednesday , an assistant clerk in her office sent an e-mail to attorneys at the Alliance Defense Fund asking if its lawyers would defend her in court if she “ ceases performing all marriage ceremonies . ”
Advertisement
“ We have the news media calling for her response , and we need to issue a news release today , but she really needs to be assured of your legal assistance before she speaks to them , as we fully expect to be sued and our own counsel is not being of help , ” the e-mail from Assistant Clerk Glenn Spencer said , according to the Californian .
Barnett and Spencer did not return a phone call Friday .
An office aide said Barnett would be out of the office until Monday .
But Brian Raum , a senior attorney for the Alliance Defense Fund , confirmed that Barnett ’s office has sought out his group , calling the e-mails a “ routine request for legal advice . ”
If Barnett needs legal protection , his group will provide it , Raum said .
The Alliance Defense Fund recently asked the California Supreme Court to stay the marriage ruling , which the court refused to do .
Advertisement
“ The Alliance Defense Fund is prepared to defend any clerk who exercises his or her right not to perform wedding ceremonies under California law , ” he said .
The Arizona - based Alliance Defense Fund was founded in 1994 by James C. Dobson of Focus on the Family and other Christian ministers .
On its website , it says it frequently files lawsuits in cases involving gay rights , abortion and issues involving the separation of church and state .
Shannon Price Minter , legal director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights , said he did n’t have a problem with Barnett ’s decision as long as she applied it evenly .
“ They are providing marriage licenses to everyone and they are not performing weddings for anyone , ” Minter said .
“ So there is no discrimination . ”
Advertisement
In conservative Kern County , however , Barnett ’s decision unleashed a firestorm of debate , with many blog posters giving her a slap on the back .
“ What a blessing it is for an elected official to stand their ground concerning their moral and religious beliefs !!! ” someone who gave the name Donnabelhumeur wrote on a blog hosted by the Californian .
“ Good for you , Ann , you do not disappoint those who know and love you , and more importantly you do not disappoint God ! ”
But others saw her actions as improper for an elected official , even if her office is not required to officiate at civil ceremonies .
FloridaStateGrad , another poster on the Californian blog , said there is nothing wrong with standing up for beliefs .
“ However , when you are a government official , you have absolutely no right to lie or take advantage of your position for the sake of standing up for what you believe in . ”
Advertisement
The Rev. Bryd Tetzlaff of the Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Kern County , which supports same - sex marriage , said she and other ministers were planning to show up outside Barnett ’s office June 17 to perform marriages for anyone who wants them .
They will stay all day if necessary , Tetzlaff said .
“ It ’s the right thing to do , ” Tetzlaff said .
In her statement , Barnett said her office would be unable to accommodate the flood of marriage requests expected in the wake of the state Supreme Court ’s May 15 ruling allowing same - sex weddings in California .
“ Because of long - term administrative plans , budgetary reasons and the need to increase security for the election , the clerk ’s office will cease solemnizing weddings , which is discretionary on the part of the county clerk , ” she said in a statement released Wednesday .
Advertisement
Clerks in many California counties are planning to issue licenses and perform ceremonies for same - sex couples as soon as they are legally able to do so .
Santa Cruz , for instance , is accepting appointments .
San Francisco city officials are expecting to marry as many as 500 couples a day .
But other offices , such as Santa Barbara ’s , do n’t offer anything but licenses and do n’t plan to alter that practice come June 17 .
--
Advertisement
catherine.saillant@latimes.com
Cheap Wine
I spent three years at Harvard in the Society of Fellows .
I had no obligations there except to spend my Monday nights eating fancy meals in the company of some of the world ’s most brilliant thinkers : Nobel Prize - winning scientist Amartya Sen , philosopher Robert Nozick , etc . Dinner was always accompanied by expensive wine from the society ’s wine cellar .
I have an extremely underdeveloped palate .
I ’ve never liked wine much .
Given the choice between gourmet cooking and fast food , I ’ll usually take the fast food .
While the Society of Fellows was an incredible experience , it was n’t a particularly well paying one .
As poor as I was , it did n’t make sense to me to be drinking $ 60 bottles of wine that I did n’t even enjoy .
So I suggested that perhaps there should be two tracks : one that drank wine and one that did n’t .
Those of us who agreed not to drink wine could perhaps be paid in cash some portion of the savings from our abstinence .
My suggestion was not viewed kindly .
So I tried to make my point in a different way .
On Tuesday afternoons we had wine tastings .
I asked if I could be allowed the opportunity to conduct one of these wine tastings “ blind ” to see what we could learn from sampling wines without first knowing what we were drinking .
Everyone thought this was a great idea .
So with the help of the wine steward I selected two expensive bottles from the wine cellar and then I went down the street to the liquor store and bought the cheapest bottle of wine they had made from the same type of grape .
I thus had two different expensive wines and one cheap one .
I tried to make things more interesting by splitting one of the expensive bottles into two different decanters .
Thus , in total the wine tasters had four wines to taste , although in reality there were only three different wines , with one sampled twice by each taster .
I gave them a rating sheet and each person rated each of the four wines .
The results could not have been better for me .
There was no significant difference in the rating across the four wines ; the cheap wine did just as well as the expensive ones .
Even more remarkable , for a given drinker , there was more variation in the rankings they gave to the two samples drawn from the same bottle than there was between any other two samples .
Not only did they like the cheap wine as much as the expensive one , they were not even internally consistent in their assessments .
There was a lot of anger when I revealed the results , especially the fact that I had included the same wine twice .
One eminent scholar stormed out of the room stating that he had a cold — otherwise he would have detected my sleight of hand with certainty .
Armed with this evidence , I again made my pitch for extra compensation to those who passed on the expensive wine at dinners .
My plan once again received an icy reception .
Fifteen years later , I am happy to report that the results of my little experiment have been confirmed by rigorous academic research involving more than 5,000 subjects , as published in a paper entitled “ Do More Expensive Wines Taste Better ? ” from the American Association of Wine Economists published in the Journal of Wine Economics , Vol. 3 , No .
1 . Their conclusion : fancy people with lots of training can tell cheap wine from expensive wine , but regular people cannot .
( A non -gated working paper version is available here . )
What lesson should we take from this ?
No matter what , do not let yourself become a wine expert who can tell the difference between cheap and expensive wines .
When it comes to your pocketbook and wine , ignorance is bliss .
( Hat tip : Camilla Reimer )
The US said Mr Burns would not negotiate but was there to listen A top US official is to attend talks aimed at persuading Iran to halt its nuclear enrichment programme .
Under Secretary of State William Burns will travel to Switzerland with the EU foreign envoy Javier Solana to receive Iran 's response to a UN offer .
The US said Mr Burns would not hold separate talks with Iranian negotiator Saeed Jalili , and was there to listen .
A BBC correspondent says this is a first under the Bush administration and represents a significant policy shift .
Iran denies any nuclear weapons plans , but is defying UN Security Council demands to halt uranium enrichment .
[ Under Secretary of State William Burns ] will reiterate that our terms of negotiation remain the same - that Iran must suspend its enrichment and reprocessing
State Department official
Iran and US eye diplomatic opening
In the past , the Bush administration has insisted that no talks will be held with Iran until it suspends its uranium enrichment programme .
Now , in a clear shift in policy , it seems a meeting is going to take place without that precondition being met , says the BBC's Jonathan Beale in Washington .
The Bush administration says Mr Burns 's presence is designed to demonstrate the West 's unity and to reiterate that the terms of negotiations remain the same - namely that Iran must halt its uranium enrichment programme for further talks to take place .
How significant the move is will become clearer after the talks in Geneva on Saturday , our correspondent adds .
Direct talks
There are growing signs that Iran and America are taking significant steps towards a negotiated solution to the nuclear crisis , says the BBC's Tehran correspondent , Jon Leyne .
Q&A : Iran and the nuclear issue Mounting sense of crisis over Iran Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said earlier this week that he was interested in direct talks with the US , and in opening of a US diplomatic mission in Tehran for the first time since the revolution .
Iran will probably soon accept a Western proposal to freeze its nuclear programme at its current level , in return for a freeze on new sanctions , our correspondent says .
The key issue of suspending uranium enrichment is more difficult , but is under active consideration , our correspondent says .
' One - time participation ' A State Department official told the BBC that Mr Burns - the third - most senior US diplomat - would " reiterate that our terms of negotiation remain the same - that Iran must suspend its enrichment and reprocessing " .
He went on : " This will be a one - time participation by Ambassador Burns . "
The US is among six world powers which have offered Iran negotiations on a package of incentives , including direct contact and dialogue , if Tehran suspends uranium enrichment , a process the West fears could be used to make nuclear weapons .
But it has not previously sent US diplomats to sit down face - to - face with Iranian negotiators to discuss the issue .
The purpose of the talks is to find out how Iran will respond to the West 's offer of economic incentives if Tehran suspends its uranium enrichment programme .
The package brought to Tehran by Mr Solana last month includes a series of proposals designed to help Iran develop a civilian nuclear programme .
The meeting comes at a time of increased tension between Iran and the US , particularly following Iranian missile tests last week that prompted the US to warn that it would defend its interests and its allies in the region .
Formal contacts between the US and Iran are very rare , though the two countries held three rounds of talks in 2007 over Iraq .
The two nations have not had diplomatic relations since the 1979 Iranian Revolution and the taking of hostages at the US embassy in Tehran .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Columnist Bob Novak has been diagnosed with a brain tumor , according to the Chicago Sun -Times .
Novak 's statement :
" On Sunday , July 27 , I was diagnosed with a brain tumor .
I have been admitted to Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , where doctors will soon begin appropriate treatment .
" I will be suspending my journalistic work for an indefinite but , God willing , not too lengthy period .
comments closed
permalink
I ’ve got to ask this :
Am I the only one sick of this whole Brett Favre thing ?
Retire .
Not retire .
Retire .
Not retire .
Every year , there ’s a different jock who goes through this dance .
Favre has done it for several seasons now .
The Rocket originally retired way back in 2003 .
Does anyone remember Charles Barkley retiring every season after the Rockets knocked the Suns out of the playoffs ?
And how many sports did Michael Jordan retire from ?
It ’s Favre ’s career .
And he can do with it whatever he wants .
But at some point he ’s got to realize his words mean something .
And if tells the Packers he ’s retired , and they start changing up the playbook to better fit the skills of Aaron Rodgers , then Favre just ca n’t change his mind mere weeks before training camp and expect the Packers to keep welcoming him back with open arms .
And I might respect Favre a little more if he was n’t whining to the folks over at the Fox News Channel about the Packers disrespecting him .
Really , Brett , Greta Van Susteren ?
Cameron Diaz was n’t available ?
And I like how Newt Gingrich of all people has come to Favre ’s defense : “ The fact is Brett Favre made a bad decision … Now it is the Packers turn to change their mind and put the ball back in Favre ’s hands … ”
It really does a person good to hear Gingrich talking about loyalty .
Because no one knows more about loyalty than the Newtster .
Like that time he asked for a divorce from his first wife while she was in the hospital with cancer , then refused to pay alimony and child support .
Or calling his second wife , at her mother ’s , and asking for a divorce so he could marry the woman he was having an affair with .
Then again , I know why Favre ’s getting Newt ’s support .
Newt has the morals of an athlete .
But what bugs me , what really bugs me is that Favre , like Rocket , refuses to be a man about this .
He hides behind his agent .
He faces softball questions .
He leaves his employer hanging out to dry .
It ’s just what Rocket did after the 2003 season .
And after the 2005 season .
And after the 2006 season .
Be a man .
Quit .
Or do n’t quit .
But make a damn decision already .
And one more thing , quit before it is too late .
Do n’t hang on too long like Johnny Unitas or Joe Namath or Willie Mays .
Get out while you can still walk .
Do n’t become this guy .
Please .
– John Royal
WASHINGTON – Liberal activists are blasting Barack Obama for shifting toward the center on a variety of issues , creating a tension that poses risks for his candidacy .
But in another sign of how the Internet is changing politics , the conflict has led to a surprisingly direct give - and - take between candidate and critics – a development that may prove healthy for the campaign .
Just as Obama mastered Internet politics as he swept toward the nomination , now activists and bloggers are using some of the same tools to bring pressure to bear on the candidate .
Obama , a former community organizer , is responding in kind – and says he ’s happy to be held accountable .
“ Just receiving and listening is n’t enough online , ” said Zephyr Teachout , an online pioneer for the 2004 Howard Dean campaign who participated Friday in Netroots Nation , a gathering of activists and bloggers in Austin .
“ People will push back , talk back , and the Internet makes that easier . ”
The debate focuses on Iraq , wiretapping and whether the Illinois senator is moving away from progressive principles as he begins a high - profile foreign trip and prepares for the general election .
Some activists warn Obama could ultimately face a drop - off in enthusiasm and donations from his Democratic base – and his moves already are fueling significant opposition .
Case in point :
More than 24,000 people have joined a group on my .
barackobama.com , a social - networking site set up by the campaign , that implored Obama to oppose a compromise on a major surveillance bill .
Instead , Obama voted for the bill , which effectively grants immunity to telecommunications companies involved in the Bush administration ’s warrantless wiretapping program .
He had threatened to filibuster that provision a few months ago .
Some supporters on the Web site chastised Obama for turning his back on the Constitution .
Some wanted their donations back .
Markos Moulitsas , founder of the influential Daily Kos blog , said he would withhold contributions because Obama was “ betraying his claims of being a new kind of politician . ”
Then , as he prepared to leave for an overseas trip , Obama signaled some flexibility on his timetable for removing combat troops from Iraq , saying he would “ refine ” his position after talking to ground commanders .
In recent weeks , Obama also said he supported gun rights , the death penalty in some non-murder cases and his own version of President Bush ’s faith - based initiatives .
In a speech on patriotism , he chided MoveOn.org , a group that helped him secure the nomination , for its “ Gen. Betray Us ” ad targeting Gen. David Petraeus .
Some liberals seethed .
Some were surprised that Obama “ was acting like a politician , doing what he thinks he needs to do to get elected , ” said Rick Jacobs , founder of the Courage Campaign , a grass - roots progressive group in California .
Most activists will vote for him , “ but it dims the enthusiasm , and puts a damper on his fundraising base , ” said Jacobs , who was “ very disappointed ” by Obama ’s reversal on surveillance .
Customary shift
Seeking the center during the general election is a time - honored quest for presidential candidates , and John McCain is trying to walk the same line .
McCain , in fact , may face a deeper lack of enthusiasm in his party among conservatives who have clashed with him over the years .
Obama , still not well - known to many voters , has to be wary of being pigeonholed as a conventional liberal , said Steve Schier , a political scientist at Carleton College in Minnesota .
And if he shifts too much or too quickly , “ then he runs the risk of being seen as an opportunist and flip - flopper , ” he added .
Independents who do n’t see the world through a left - right prism may be uneasy if they are unsure of Obama ’s core principles .
Activist and blogger Arianna Huffington made a similar point : “ My problem is n’t that Obama does n’t always agree with me .
My problem is that Obama has started to not always agree with himself – falling prey to the conventional wisdom sirens . ”
But Obama moved quickly to respond to the criticism – and he addressed his critics directly , on the Internet .
He posted a lengthy explanation of his surveillance vote on my .
barackobama.com , telling angry backers that “ I ’m happy to take my lumps . ”
He added , “ I ’m certainly not perfect , and expect to be held accountable too . ”
He also gave a major speech on Iraq and broader security issues , renewing his pledge to “ safely redeploy combat forces ” from Iraq in 16 months , and send additional forces to Afghanistan .
“ It ’s time to end this war , ” Obama wrote about Iraq in a New York Times opinion article Monday .
Jacobs said Obama saw the backlash to his surveillance vote “ and needed to get back on track on Iraq . ”
Teachout said the sharp criticism from thousands of Obama backers on the campaign ’s own Web site is a sign of strength “ that will puncture the idea that anything but abject loyalty hurts your campaign . ”
Activists ’ choices
Barbara O’Connor , a longtime observer of California politics and a Democrat , said Democratic groups are coming around to Obama , including feminist activists who backed Hillary Clinton .
“ All those bloggers from California – where are they going to go , vote for McCain ? ” asked O’Connor , who heads the Institute for the Study of Politics and the Media at California State University - Sacramento .
O’Connor points to a Field Poll , released Wednesday , that shows Obama with a 24 - point lead in the state , and the backing of 80 percent of Clinton supporters ( 8 percent favored McCain ) .
Three times as many Obama voters ( 51 percent ) as McCain voters ( 17 percent ) said they were “ very enthusiastic ” about their candidate .
As of June , there has been no drop - off in donations .
The Obama campaign took in $ 52 million last month .
There ’s another factor that animates some of the tension between activists and Obama .
Liberal blogs tend to be confrontational .
Their success as an organizing tool has been fueled by anger over the Bush administration .
Obama ’s tone and approach to politics is inclusive , stressing cooperation beyond what he calls “ caricatures of left and right . ”
“ Listen to Obama , and you hear a bit of Arnold , ” said O’Connor , referring to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s pleas for “ post - partisan ” solutions .
“ I think that ’s what Obama really is – post- partisan . ”
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - A Singapore man with a penchant for sniffing women ’s armpits was sentenced to 14 years in jail and 18 strokes of the cane for molesting his victims , a local newspaper reported Friday .
The 36 - year - old , who the Straits Times said was mentally unstable , had previous convictions for drug and sex-related offences .
He molested 23 women over the course of 15 months , smelling their armpits and touching them in lifts , staircase landings and their homes , the paper said .
He was caught after a housewife reported him to the police .
The court meted out the jail term , normally reserved for hardcore criminals , saying the man was likely to commit crimes again , the paper reported .
Caning on the buttocks is an additional punishment for male criminals in Singapore for offences ranging from vandalism to illegal possession of drugs and rape .
There is no doubt that the DBA has numerous benefits to professionals in the business world .
However , you have to get to the end of your course and do so effectively for you to enjoy the benefits .
The coursework , research , and assignment can be tough and overwhelming , and thus if you do n’t plan well you could miss out on the big benefits .
Since it ’s an advanced degree , the demands will be more , and you will be expected to work harder and smarter .
Not to scare you though ; if you play your cards right , you will learn a lot and graduate on time .
Consider the following tips for DBA success :
Find the Right Business School
If you are not already enrolled in a college , the first step is to find a good one .
You can look online or ask for recommendations from DBA graduates you know .
For business schools you locate online , ensure you do extensive research to confirm they are legit .
Never give out your details or pay money before you check the legitimacy .
Ensure you check these three key details :
The school background and faculty member profiles
Accreditation and rankings
Online reviews
In addition to the profile information listed on the website , you can go ahead and search the faculty members on sites such as Linked In .
When searching for online reviews , use the name of the business school accompanied by terms such as DBA reviews or student testimonials .
Choose Your Path Wisely
One of the key decisions you will make as a DBA student is choosing a topic for your research project .
You have to choose a topic that falls within the subject areas covered by the business school and submit a proposal .
If you do n’t choose your topic wisely , you may end up giving up along the way or gaining information and skills that wo n’t be of much help to your future goals .
Thus , when choosing your path , consider the following two factors :
One , your career goals , both short and long term .
If you do n’t have goals yet , set them before joining business school .
Two , how working on the selected topic can benefit your career now and in the future .
Some business areas have serious skills gaps , which can be filled with specific qualifications .
For more information on this topic , visit Aston University Online and read their article on how DBAs can fill global skills gaps , and how this will benefit businesses .
Work , Study , Life Balance
Going back to school adds more responsibilities to your already busy schedule .
Therefore , before you sign up for a course , think about how you will balance the three so that you do n’t end up ruining relationships in your life , getting sick or stressed out and failing in school .
Consider the following tips :
Be realistic when signing up .
Do n’t commit yourself yet until you are sure you will have enough time to dedicate to your studies and the other important things in your life .
Identify things you can cut off to create more time for your studies .
You may have to give up some leisure activities and maintain just one or two hobbies until you complete your studies .
Cutting off or reducing screen time can also help .
This will give you time to study without affecting the time dedicated to other priorities .
For instance , if you are a parent with two free hours after work , instead of watching TV for one hour and studying for one hour , you could use the time spent watching TV to study and leave the other hour for your family .
Have a schedule and stick to it .
You have to go to work , assignments need to be done on time , your child expects you to show up for their football matches on the weekend , how do you balance all this ?
Have a schedule and stick to it .
Avoid saying you will do something when you have the time .
You already have the time ; your job is to plan how you will spend each minute of it .
And having that plan will allow you to balance the three aspects of your life without giving too much time to one and neglecting another .
Eat right and stay healthy :
What happens when you do n’t feed your body well ?
You can increase your risk of contracting diseases , not have the energy you need to work , and you may affect your vital organs such as the brain negatively .
And the long term effect is ruined productivity and efficiency , poor health and a less zealous life .
Therefore , eat healthy balanced meals , drink lots of water and stay active .
Sleep for 7 to 8 hours each day .
These are the recommended hours by sleep experts for optimal health and well - being .
Have a Designated Study Area
You can do some flashcards during lunch breaks or while making dinner and this is super helpful .
However , you need some time , when you will sit down and get serious for 30 minutes to two hours depending on how much time you have to study each day .
After making a schedule , the next step is to find that space where you will retreat to when your schedule states you should be studying .
It could be your bedroom , the garage , a space in the office , the coffee shop or the library .
Ensure that your study space is free from distractions .
Be Organised
Being organised in your work and study life has three key benefits .
One , you will be more productive when you are an organised person .
Two , you will avoid wasting time .
And three , you will avoid stress and confusion .
For your study life , consider these three things :
One , gather your study materials in advance and ensure they are well arranged .
For books and other stationery , you could get a desk with drawers for storage , some shelves , and folders .
Have a plan on how and when you will handle each task .
Prioritise based on complexity and urgency .
Keep your study environment tidy .
When the environment is clean and tidy , your concentration will be much better .
In addition to being a distraction , clutter and dirt can also cause you to feel stressed .
Think about Your Writing
Poor referencing , grammatical errors and poor flow are some of the mistakes that should be avoided when submitting your proposal and other assignments .
To avoid these :
Take time to familiarise yourself with the writing styles you are expected to adhere to when submitting your work .
Work with a writer or editor when writing your final documents .
However , note that you should do your work ; others should only help with the fine - tuning and checking for errors .
Read papers done by others .
This will help in sharpening your writing skills .
Have a Financial Plan
A DBA is an advanced degree and thus it costs money .
And , considering you will be in school for three to six years , it ’s wise to plan financially in advance .
When making a financial plan :
Check how much business school will cost for all the years
Make an estimate for all your expenses
Identify your key sources of income .
Check whether your sources of income will be able to cover your expenses and business school tuition .
Find other ways to pay for business school .
Some key ones include applying for student loans , getting a scholarship , and checking if your employer offers any support to further your education .
If you choose a student loan , ensure you have a viable payment plan .
Set up an emergency fund .
Network and Learn from Others
Your own research is good and it can teach you a lot .
However , it ’s super important to connect with others and see life from their perspective .
Below are some of the people you can network with as a DBA student :
Your course instructors : Learn from their experiences , ask them questions and maybe you could ask one to be your mentor
Other DBA students :
Share your experiences , discuss issues , ask for their help and help them when they need you .
DBA graduates : Learn from them and maybe seek a mentor
Professionals who are in the same field as you : Consult with them when making key decisions
Be a Smart Student
Since the degree directly affects your career success , ensure that you get as much from it as possible .
Do n’t just aim to graduate and get a title , but focus on learning things that will grow you as a professional .
Some of the key things that smart students do include :
Studying throughout the semester and taking time to digest the concepts .
Studying every day , or a few days per week , is better than accumulating all the work and doing it in a hurry when deadlines are approaching .
Cover your coursework earlier .
Do n’t have a negative attitude when you get feedback from the instructors and advisors .
A smart student will take criticism as an opportunity to learn and be better .
Ask a lot of questions where you do n’t understand .
Do n’t miss lectures , workshops , or any other event .
If you miss an appointment with your teacher due to something unavoidable , let them know and get them to reschedule .
Above are some of the key tips that can be helpful for DBA success .
Know that much is expected from you , plan wisely and after you make plans ensure you follow through .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrat Barack Obama has a 7 - point lead on Republican John McCain in the U.S. presidential race , and holds a small edge on the crucial question of who would best manage the economy , according to a Reuters / Zogby poll released on Wednesday .
More than a month after kicking off the general election campaign , Obama leads McCain by 47 percent to 40 percent .
That is slightly better than his 5 - point cushion in mid-June , shortly after he clinched the Democratic nomination fight against New York Sen. Hillary Clinton .
But Obama ’s 22 - point advantage in June among independents , a critical voting bloc that could swing either way in the November election , shrunk to 3 points during a month in which the candidates battled on the economy and Obama was accused of shifting to the center on several issues .
Obama had a 44 percent to 40 percent edge nationally over McCain on who would be best at managing the economy , virtually unchanged from last month .
Among independents , the two were tied on the economy .
“ There has been a real tightening up among independents , and that has to be worrisome for Obama , ” pollster John Zogby said .
“ It does n’t seem like Obama is coming across on the economy . ”
The economy was ranked as the top issue by nearly half of all likely voters , 47 percent .
The Iraq war , in second place , trailed well behind at 12 percent .
Energy prices was third at 8 percent .
The faltering economy had been expected to be a weakness for McCain , an Arizona senator and former Vietnam prisoner of war who has admitted a lack of economic expertise .
McCain has portrayed Obama , an Illinois senator , as a proponent of higher taxes , while Obama has tried to link McCain with President George W. Bush ’s unpopular economic policies .
McCain backs an extension of Bush ’s tax cuts , which are geared toward higher wage earners .
Obama supports tax cuts for low - and middle - income earners and calls for higher taxes on those making more than $ 250,000 a year .
MCCAIN BACKS LIFTING OIL DRILLING BAN
In the face of surging gas prices , McCain has proposed lifting the ban on offshore oil drilling as a bridge to a new energy policy .
Obama sharply criticized the plan and said it would provide no real relief .
“ On balance , McCain probably scored on oil drilling because he looked like a man of action , ” Zogby said .
The polling was conducted Wednesday through Sunday , mostly after a public flap over comments by former Texas Sen .
Phil Gramm , a top economic adviser to McCain .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Gramm said the United States had become “ a nation of whiners ” who are in a mental recession .
McCain quickly distanced himself from the remarks , which Obama said showed how out of touch McCain was on the economy .
When independent candidate Ralph Nader and Libertarian Party candidate Bob Barr , who are both in the process of trying to add their names to state ballots , are included in the survey Obama ’s margin over McCain grows to 10 percentage points , 46 percent to 36 percent .
Nader and Barr each picked up 3 percent , but nearly all of their support came from McCain .
With Nader and Barr included , about 60 percent of conservatives back McCain , and 71 percent of self - identified Republicans support him .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
McCain has struggled at times to solidify his support among conservative Republicans , and has moved to mend fences on issues like immigration and taxes where he has bucked the party in the past .
Obama , an Iraq war opponent who has been labeled a liberal by Republicans , earned the support of more than one - fifth of voters who identified themselves as conservative .
“ It appears that at least some conservatives are still looking for alternatives to McCain , ” Zogby said .
Obama led McCain among women , Hispanics , blacks , Catholics , young voters , suburban voters and union households .
He pulled into a tie with McCain among men .
McCain led Obama among white voters , born - again Christians , middle - income voters and older voters .
The national survey of 1,039 likely voters had a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points .
( Editing by David Wiessler )
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Washington Mutual Inc , the largest U.S. savings and loan , posted a $ 3.33 billion second - quarter loss on Tuesday as souring mortgages forced it to set aside more money for loan losses .
A woman walks into a Washington Mutual bank in New York April 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
The thrift ’s deteriorating health prompted Moody ’s Investors Service to say it may downgrade Washington Mutual to “ junk ” status .
Shares of Washington Mutual fell in after - hours electronic trading .
Washington Mutual said its third straight quarterly loss was $ 3.34 per share , more than triple the $ 1.09 per share loss that analysts on average expected according to Reuters Estimates .
Year - ago profit was $ 830 million , or 92 cents per share .
The net loss was $ 6.58 per share including a one - time adjustment tied to the thrift ’s $ 7.2 billion capital raising in April from private equity firm TPG Inc and other investors .
Seattle - based Washington Mutual said its retail banking , mortgage and credit card units all lost money in the quarter .
The thrift set aside $ 5.91 billion for loan losses , and said net charge - offs totaled $ 2.17 billion .
It has been one of the hardest hit among the largest U.S. lenders in the nation ’s housing and credit crisis .
“ We are planning for continued softness in housing for the next several quarters , ” Chief Executive Kerry Killinger said in an interview .
“ The capital that we have in place is sufficient to manage through this period .
We have no plans at this point to raise additional capital . ”
Washington Mutual said it expects residential mortgage loan losses through 2011 to be “ toward the upper end ” of the $ 12 billion to $ 19 billion range it had forecast in April .
Some analysts had predicted the losses might end up higher .
The thrift expects its reserving for credit losses to peak this year , but cut its 2008 forecasts for growth in deposits and fee income , and boosting projected expenses .
Washington Mutual also said that Killinger , Chief Operating Officer Steve Rotella and Chief Financial Officer Tom Casey will not receive annual incentive payments under a company bonus plan , in light of its performance in 2008 .
The thrift has cut 6,205 jobs this year , or 13 percent , leaving it with 43,198 employees .
Analysts expect more cuts as Killinger tries to reduce expenses by $ 1 billion .
Killinger faces pressure to stanch losses and restore profit following an 86 percent plunge in Washington Mutual ’s stock price in the last year .
Washington Mutual shares fell 21 cents to $ 5.61 in after - hours electronic trading .
They closed regular trading up 34 cents at $ 5.82 on the New York Stock Exchange .
REDUCED FLEXIBILITY
Moody ’s said the falling stock price and declines in some deposit categories have resulted in “ reduced financial flexibility , ” making it tougher to raise additional equity .
The credit rating agency also projected “ sizable ” quarterly losses through 2009 for Washington Mutual .
Meanwhile , WaMu ’s board , long considered loyal to Killinger , last month stripped him of his chairman ’s post after shareholders voted at its annual meeting for a replacement .
Killinger has been chief executive since 1990 , and became chairman the following year .
In the interview , Killinger said the thrift has a “ very strong and very engaged board , ” including the “ welcome additions ” of TPG founding partner David Bonderman and Continental Airlines Inc Chief Executive Larry Kellner , as a board observer .
“ The board is absolutely committed to returning the company to profitability in as short a time as possible , ” he said .
He declined to discuss speculation the thrift could be a takeover target .
“ The board has approved this comprehensive plan and instructed management to execute it , ” he said .
In a July 22 letter to Chairman Stephen Frank , the employee pension plan of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees demanded the removal of Killinger as chief executive and the resignation of two directors , citing the company ’s financial performance and falling stock price .
A Washington Mutual spokesman declined immediate comment , saying he had n’t reviewed the letter .
Washington Mutual said its mortgage unit lost $ 1.35 billion in the second quarter , while retail banking posted a $ 2.04 billion loss .
Credit cards generated a $ 175 million loss , while profit in commercial banking fell 29 percent to $ 87 million .
The thrift Mutual said it ended the quarter with $ 309.7 billion of assets , and operates about 2,239 branches .
UPDATE
In addition to announcing the Model S , Telsa boss Elon Musk has stated they hope to develop their technology to the point where future cars may be priced at $ 30,000 and below , but that wo n't be the case when the first models roll out in four years .
So , no car , no price , no launch date .
Nothing to see here , folks .
Tesla , makers of the Tesla Roadster that has n't yet seemed able to make it to market , have just announced plans for the Model S , a five passenger , all - electric " sports " sedan capable of 225 miles in a charge and a starting price in the range of $ 60,000 .
We have yet to see images of the car or details on the date , but the Governator himself was on hand to announce the Model S will be built in a new manufacturing facility somewhere in California .
This was rolled out amidst new plans created by the California Air Resources Board to encourage zero emissions vehicle adoption .
We 'll pass on additional news as we get it , but for now the full press release is after the jump .
Governor Schwarzenegger Celebrates Clean Technology Investment in California , Welcomes Tesla Motors Production to California
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger today joined with State Treasurer Bill Lockyer and Tesla Motors representatives to announce Tesla 's decision to locate its new manufacturing facility for its Model S , Tesla 's second - generation vehicle , in California .
As part of the state 's ongoing commitment to clean technology , the Governor also announced a new program that waives the sales tax on investment in new manufacturing equipment for Zero Emission Vehicles ( ZEVs ) .
This program was developed in conjunction with the State Treasurer and the California Alternative Energy and Advanced Transportation Financing Authority ( CAEATFA ) .
" Today 's announcement is great news for California , our economy and our environment .
We want these cutting - edge companies not to just start in California and do their research and development here - we want them to build in California , " Governor Schwarzenegger said .
" Tesla 's announcement today is just one of many we will celebrate as we implement AB 32 and reach our greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals .
I have always said that we must protect our economy and our environment at the same time , and today it is clear that we are once again demonstrating to the world how to do that . "
California 's green - friendly atmosphere is encouraging clean businesses from around the world to invest in California , stimulating our economy and contributing to the fight against global warming .
According to the California Green Innovation Index by Next10 , a non-partisan research organization , in 2006 venture capital investment in energy technology companies in California was just shy of $ 1 billion , more than double the total from 2005 .
Last Thursday , the California Air Resources Board ( CARB ) released its AB 32 Draft Scoping Plan , the market - based roadmap which will guide California toward its greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals .
This roadmap will motivate companies like Tesla to come to California and bring their innovation , reduced emissions and thousands of jobs with them .
Last Wednesday , CAEATFA approved a new program that exempts new ZEV manufacturers from paying sales and use tax on the purchase of manufacturing equipment to encourage ZEV manufacturing in California .
For Tesla , these incentives will mean millions of dollars in savings when the company invests in building their new plant in California .
And if they choose a city that is in an Enterprise Zone , they will save millions more .
Tesla will also be eligible for at least $ 1 million in Employment Training Panel Workforce Development Funds to train employees .
Tesla 's Model S will be a fully electric , five passenger , multi-use sport sedan with a driving range of approximately 225 miles on one charge .
The projected cost of the Model S is $ 60,000 .
" These vehicles can play a big part in helping California successfully implement its groundbreaking laws to fight climate change , " said State Treasurer Bill Lockyer , who chairs CAEATFA .
" By offering this financial incentive , our goal is to ensure zero-emission vehicles realize their full potential in our state .
In the bargain , we believe the policy will bolster our emerging green economy , create good - paying jobs and reduce our dependence on foreign oil .
I 'm very pleased the policy helped convince Tesla to build its high - performance electric cars in California . "
In addition , California 's new Alternative and Renewable Fuel and Vehicles Technology Program , AB 118 by Speaker Fabian Nunez ( D - Los Angeles ) , which the Governor signed into law last year , established a new program that will generate more than $ 100 million annually for development of new technologies , vehicles and fuels .
Funding is expected to be available in March 2009 .
California 's ZEV program is the world 's only enforceable requirement for the development and production of zero-emission vehicles .
The following state and federal programs support ZEVs :
* Alternative Fuel Vehicle Incentive Program : Offers up to $ 5,000 for the purchase or lease of alternative fuel vehicles .
Battery electric vehicles , such as a Tesla , typically receive the full $ 5,000 grant .
* High Occupancy Vehicle ( HOV ) Lane Access : Vehicles are eligible to receive the white HOV lane access sticker allowing them to be driven in the HOV lane with only one occupant .
This white sticker is different from the yellow stickers issued to hybrid vehicles in that their availability is not capped at a specified number of vehicles .
* California 's Environmental Performance Label : Requires all new cars starting in 2009 to display a sticker to inform consumers about the smog forming and greenhouse gas emissions of each vehicle .
Vehicles are scored on a scale of 1 to 10 , with 10 being the best .
ZEVs will receive a score of 10 for both smog forming and greenhouse gas emissions .
* Federal Tax Incentives for Recharging Stations :
A federal tax deduction of up to $ 100,000 per location is available for qualified electric vehicle recharging property used in a trade or business .
* Local Community Programs : Offers public charging , free parking and supportive building codes for installation of home charging units .
* Low Carbon Fuel Standard : Requires fuel providers to reduce the carbon intensity of transportation fuels sold in California .
This first - of - its - kind standard firmly establishes sustainable demand for lower - carbon fuels without favoring one fuel over another .
To start , the standard will reduce the carbon intensity of California 's passenger vehicle fuels by at least 10 percent by 2020 and more thereafter .
Jet fuel ’s 100 % rise over the last year to a record $ 4.36 a gallon is setting the stage for its decline in the next six months .
AMR Corp.'s American Airlines Inc. and UAL Corp.'s United Airlines Inc. are among carriers readying their biggest cutback in fuel use since 1991 because of the price .
The U.S. airline industry plans to ground 413 aircraft , eliminating 8.8 % of seating capacity , as increasing fuel costs spur losses of as much as $ 13 billion , the Air Transport Assn. says .
Fuel demand will fall 7.5 % this year , or 95,000 barrels a day , and 104,000 barrels a day in 2009 , according to the U.S. Energy Department .
Advertisement
“ People are responding to a doubling of prices , and the airline industry is one industry that is responding , ” said Edward Morse , chief energy economist at Lehman Bros .
Holdings Inc .
“ The markets will weaken significantly after the third quarter . ”
The decline in airline fuel consumption parallels the drop in gasoline sales to a five - year low as drivers take vacations closer to home and use mass transit .
The airline cutbacks “ should help bring the price down , ” said Peter Beutel , president of energy consultant Cameron Hanover Inc. in New Canaan , Conn .
The current premium is because of “ more than anything the summer demand , the peak demand . ”
A project to enhance the United States ’ ability to detect “ dirty bombs ” went awry at the Boulder campus of the National Institute of Standards and Technology , where dangerous plutonium sources were obtained without management approval and handled by inexperienced and untrained researchers , according to a scathing review released Wednesday .
The result , said the 62 - page report by the NIST Ionizing Radiation Committee , was the spread of plutonium contamination at the lab and into the Boulder sewer system .
Specifically , the investigators found :
• Three plutonium sources were acquired without adequate hazard analysis or management approval .
• When the plutonium was received , all protective barriers were removed except the screw - topped glass bottle in a sealed plastic bag .
• Inexperienced and untrained researchers worked on the project .
• The work area was neither restricted nor controlled for radiological work and was in a busy , multi-use laboratory .
A broken glass bottle
The researchers took the glass bottles of plutonium from the bags with ungloved hands .
After one 30 - year - old glass bottle broke and the plutonium spilled June 9 , the researcher handled the materials , significantly spreading the contamination in the work area and on his body .
He then left the area , spreading the contamination outside the lab .
In statements released Wednesday , the institute said that it is taking immediate steps .
Among them is that the U.S. Commerce Department , the institute ’s parent agency , is establishing a panel to examine safety matters there .
Paying for monitoring
The institute has suspended the use of all radioactive materials at its Boulder facility and “ will not be reapplying to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for permission to use plutonium or any other special nuclear materials at any time in the foreseeable future . ”
The institute also will pay for testing and monitoring the Boulder sanitary sewer system for effects from the plutonium discharge .
The institute told the city it is developing a detailed plan for decontaminating the laboratory where the plutonium sulfate tetrahydrate spill occurred .
“ The most probable direct cause of the spread of the contamination outside the laboratory area is the multiple , uncontrolled entries into and exits from the contaminated laboratory after the spill , ” said the report .
The report said that the release of plutonium into the sanitary sewer system was probably caused by the researcher washing his hands in the sink and failing to make sure the water did n’t flow out of the sink .
The report noted that the researcher did n’t report washing his hands in the sink until June 16 .
“ We are developing a comprehensive plan and putting in place actions that address the committee ’s recommendations , ” said James M. Turner , the institute ’s deputy director .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
I mean , if US Airways is ready to send this email to all its customers and openly bring the pain to oil speculators ?
Wow .
The letter below was signed by 12 CEOs from different airliners advocating Congressional restrictions and " common sense limits on unchecked oil speculation by paper traders who are running up the price [ of oil ] " :
I 've talked before about the speed advantage that Python builtins have .
But speed is n't the only way that Python privileges things written at the C level ; as dict.setdefault ( ) illustrates , Python makes a useful atomicity guarantee for them that it does not make for methods written in Python itself .
Does this guarantee matter ?
I think that it does , because it is simultaneously useful and cheap .
A concurrent program can avoid locking when dealing with shared data built carefully from builtin types , and duplicating the effects of this in your own Python code would be fairly expensive , especially in a non-threaded program .
( Given the limitations of Python concurrency and thus that most Python programs are n't threaded , performing very well in a non-threaded environment is quite important in practice . )
This also illustrates once again that it can matter a lot to know how things are implemented .
If you are writing a threaded program , knowing whether method calls on a shared data structure are concurrency safe or need to be guarded with locks is vital .
If a module 's documentation gives you no information on thread - safety ( and few do ) , you really need to know how it is implemented , and a straightforward Python implementation of it is not at all equivalent to a C implementation .
( There are some tricky cases where a module is effectively implemented partly in C and partly in Python .
Fortunately most such commingled modules seem to do relatively little in Python . )
Oil production in Australia has already peaked and the alternative fuels industry needs to be dramatically ramped up in response , an expert research group says .
After years of a stop - start approach to ethanol production , Australia is fast running out of time to end its love affair with crude oil , much of which is imported , the NRMA Motoring funded Jamison Group says .
" Oil production in Australia has already peaked , '' the group 's report , A Roadmap for Alternative Fuels in Australia , warns .
" Meanwhile , Australia 's demand for petroleum is increasing at a rate of two per cent a year , from 750,000 barrels per day currently to 800,000 barrels by 2009 / 10 . ''
The domestic arrival of peak oil means more and more crude will be imported from the Middle East .
One of the researchers , former CSIRO automotive expert David Lamb , passionately called for change .
" Our cities , our towns , our farming , our food distribution are all very heavily oil dependent , '' Mr Lamb told reporters today .
`` It leaves us with a large trade deficit for the oil we import .
" We owe it to ourselves to plan our way out of this situation . ''
The Jamison Group has refined its 57 - page report to 12 points , some of which deal directly with the biofuels industry .
" The goal to reduce oil dependence should translate into a commitment to develop alternative fuels in Australia as well as to reduce consumption and improve energy efficiency generally , '' the report says .
Mr Lamb warned the nation 's security was at risk if action was not taken .
" We were deeply concerned that there may not be enough oil to go around , '' he said .
Having a strong economy would not protect Australia from a global oil shortage .
" It 's like having a pocket full of money and going into a shop with empty shelves .
" Our lifestyle is totally dependent on cheap oil . ''
AAP
One who is incredibly stupid , beyond even that of a retard .
Many years ago , the average population of the fuck tard was thought to diminish over time due to the retarded fucking activities fuck tards often engage in ( such as rolling a bowling ball down a slide into their testicles , potentially causing serious damage to them ) .
However , this is not the case .
Through the invention of the internet ( and websites such as youtube and 4 chan ) , the fuck tard population has skyrocketed dramatically .
Seeking fame among other fuck tards , many fuck tards will upload videos of themselves doing fucktarded things .
Other fuck tards may see these videos and decide to either 1 . ) recreate the fucktarded activity they had just seen or 2 . ) try to 1 up the fuck tard for fuck tard street cred .
The aforementioned fuck tard will also upload a video of himself engaging in whatever activity he decided upon .
In turn , this has lead to a shitstorm of fucktardation , the likes of which we have never before witnessed in history .
scheduled
NASA just awarded its future spacesuit contract to Oceaneering International .
The US firm must now design , test , and produce two suits -- the default suit ( pictured after the break ) worn on - board for launch and landing and a second , more versatile , cheese - proof suit worn during space walks and upon the surface of the moon .
The suits must be ready for the firstlaunch of the Orion Space Capsule in 2015 .
The contract is valued at the government special price of just $ 745 million .
Hey , we have to keep up appearances at the International Space Station , you know .
California wildfire sparked by pyrotechnic device at gender reveal party A California wildfire that flared up Saturday was sparked by a smoke generating pyrotechnic device at a gender reveal gathering , officials said Sunday .
The El Dorado Fire ignited near El ...
Sacre fly !
Frenchman blows up part of house while chasing bug He generated quite a buzz .
An elderly Frenchman blew up part of his house — while chasing a fly .
The 82 - year - old was sitting down to dinner Friday evening in Dordogne ...
Holy Cow : Video shows bovine inexplicably wash ashore in Ireland Beachgoers in Ireland were left stunned when they spotted a cow , of all things , trudging ashore last weekend .
The bovine sighting , which was caught on camera , occurred at Bubeg Beach ...
88 - year - old man survives fall into Long Island cesspool An 88 - year - old man on Long Island was rescued by cops after he fell into a collapsed cesspool while doing yard work .
Ralph Santos was at his North Bay Shore home ...
What the truck ?
Wild video shows Florida man clutching hood of moving semi Dramatic video posted to social media shows a man desperately clinging to the hood of a moving semitractor - trailer on a Florida highway Saturday .
The wild , fit - for - a - movie scene unfolded just after ...
This article is licensed under a modified Creative Commons Attribution license
Looking for the easiest way to join the anti-drug war movement ?
You 've found it
RUSUTSU , Japan 
Rich nations and emerging powers on Wednesday declared climate change “ one of the great global challenges of our time . ”
But they set no short - term goals for reducing greenhouse gas emissions , with the largest developing countries demanding more action by wealthy nations before moving .
The declaration grew out of an unprecedented meeting that brought together 16 nations , rich and poor , and the European Union on global warming .
The session , organized by President Bush , took place here on the northernmost Japanese island of Hokkaido , where leaders of the Group of 8 pledged Tuesday to “ move toward a carbon - free society ” by seeking to halve worldwide emissions of heat - trapping gases by 2050 .
But a group of the largest emerging economies , led by India and China , now the leading source of greenhouse gases , refused to sign on to that goal .
They are holding out until rich nations like the United States take more aggressive steps to cut pollution over the next decade .
That fissure prevented the 16 countries from “ reaching any meaningful understanding ” in the special session on Wednesday , said Alden Meyer , who is tracking the talks for the Union of Concerned Scientists .
Others said the declaration was important at least symbolically and could set a course for action .
Phillip E. Clapp , of the Pew Environment Group , said the declaration helped prepare the way for the next American president to grapple with climate change when the United Nations negotiates a binding treaty in Copenhagen in 2009 .
Howard Wolfson , who was a top strategist for the presidential campaign of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , is going where some Democrats were unwilling to go during the early days of the election season : the Fox News Channel .
The network is expected to announce as early as Tuesday that it has signed Mr. Wolfson as a contributor who will appear regularly on its programs .
Mr. Wolfson is joining a network that Democrats shunned for a time , complaining that its coverage was unfair .
But aides to Mrs. Clinton came to view Fox News as distinctly fair to her in a news media climate that they believed favored Senator Barack Obama .
“ I thought that Fox ’s coverage during the primary was comprehensive and fair and evenhanded , ” Mr. Wolfson said Monday in a telephone interview from Liverpool , England , where he was vacationing .
“ It ’s a huge audience , and it is important to have a strong , progressive voice on the network . ”
Mr. Wolfson has long been associated with Mrs. Clinton , working as a strategist on her 2000 and 2006 Senate campaigns – with a stint in between as a communications strategist for the national party — and then joining her presidential team .
Originally serving as Mrs. Clinton ’s communications director , Mr. Wolfson became one of her leading strategists in the final stage of her campaign , after the role of her chief adviser , Mark Penn , was diminished amid severe staff infighting .
Mr. Wolfson maintained a steady presence on television throughout the campaign , sparring frequently with the chief strategist for Mr. Obama , David Axelrod , who is a friend of his .
Mr. Wolfson ’s move to Fox News would likely staunch speculation over whether he would join Mr. Obama ’s campaign .
But he will certainly forward its message on the network , which appeals to more conservative , independent , white voters Mr. Obama is trying to court .
Mr. Wolfson ’s decision to join
Fox represents a general feeling among Clinton partisans that the network treated her more fairly than did other networks it viewed as overly friendly to Mr. Obama .
The night Mrs. Clinton won the Pennsylvania primary , several months after Mrs. Clinton joined other Democrats in opting out of a debate that Fox News was to sponsor , her campaign chairman Terry McAuliffe declared live on Fox , “ Fair and Balanced Fox ! ”
( The network was first to declare her the victor that night . )
Last month the network signed Lanny Davis , a former special counsel to Bill Clinton and a vocal support of Mrs. Clinton , as a contributor .
Mr. Wolfson is to return to his government affairs firm Glover Park later this year and his work with Fox will be part time .
His first appearance could come as early as this week and he will immediately become one of the highest - ranking Democrats with a regular role on the network .
John Moody , the executive vice president of the news division , said Mr. Wolfson would appear on various Fox News programs .
He declined to say how much Fox was paying Mr. Wolfson .
Mr. Wolfson becomes the latest in a succession of political professionals who have signed on with television news networks as regular commentators providing insider analysis this election season – the sort of role that was once met with alarm within newsrooms but now hardly raises eyebrows .
Mr. Wolfson said he especially relished the chance to take on another Fox News analyst fresh from the political battlefield , the Republican strategist Karl Rove .
In a phone interview , Mr. Rove – who shares a lawyer , Robert B. Barnett , with Mr. Wolfson — welcomed Mr. Wolfson aboard .
“ The guy is very smart , ” Mr. Rove said .
“ He strikes me as a very able guy and surprisingly pleasant and amiable . ”
Why surprisingly ?
“ You see the Clinton attack machine and so forth , ” he said , “ but here ’s a guy who ’s very smart , and I always admire a passionate advocate , which he is . ”
Let the games begin .
... But Will Either Pelosi or Reid do Anything About It ?
UPDATE : Committee Document Details Resolution 's Additional Call for ' Other Legal Remedies to Enforce Outstanding Subpoena ' ...
Desi Doyen Byon
7/30/2008 , 11:24am PT
Guest Blogged by DES ...
From The Associated Press :
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — A House panel Wednesday voted to cite former top White House aide Karl Rove for contempt of Congress as its Senate counterpart publicly pursued possible punishments for an array of alleged past and present Bush administration misdeeds .
Voting along party lines , the House Judiciary Committee said that Rove had broke the law by failing to appear at a July 10 hearing on allegations of White House influence over the Justice Department , including whether Rove encouraged prosecutions against Democrats .
The committee decision is only a recommendation , and it was unclear whether Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , would allow a final vote .
Rove has denied any involvement with Justice decisions , and the White House has said Congress has no authority to compel testimony from current and former advisers .
... Rove has denied any involvement with Justice decisions , and the White House has said Congress has no authority to compel testimony from current and former advisers .
The White House 's opinion that advisers cannot be compelled to testify does not address whether or not the witness is nonetheless required to appear in response to a subpoena .
From Congress .
It remains to be seen whether Congressional Democrats will actually assert authority and re-establish parity as a co-equal branch of the federal government under the Constitution , or if this is just more sound and fury , signifying nothing .
Last February the full House voted to hold White House officials Josh Bolten and Harriet Miers in contempt of Congress .
They have failed to enforce that vote , which passed 223 to 32 , and AG Mukasey has said he would not enforce the House 's contempt finding .
Last December , the Senate Judiciary Committee recommended finding Rove in contempt in a bi-partisan 12 to 7 vote , during which Republican Arlen Specter noted " we have no alternative , " given Rove 's snub of the subpoenas issued by the panel .
Despite the endorsement from even two Republicans on the committee , Democratic Senate majority leader Harry Reid has failed to bring the recommendation to the full Senate for a vote .
Will Pelosi hold the House committee 's endorsement ( and the will of the American people , and the Rule of Law ) in similar contempt ?
UPDATE FROM BRAD :
In addition to the Committee 's finding of contempt , the resolution passed today also recommends an interesting additional course of action recommended for the House , as noted in the Resolution 's markup memo [ WORD ] that we received from the House Judiciary this morning ...
In addition to finding Rove in contempt , the resolution also recommends " that the House pursue other legal remedies to enforce the outstanding subpoena as appropriate . "
What " other legal remedies " might mean is not detailed , but in June , members of the Committee hinted at " consequences " that might extend beyond Contempt findings .
Rep. Linda Sanchez noted at the time that " we really need to set our foot down and show there are consequences to people who laugh in the face of Congressional subpoenas . "
The 22 - page , well - documented markup memo for the Resolution includes findings that describe Rove 's involvement in the U.S. Attorney purge , the Siegelman prosecution , and so on , and offers the Committee 's argument for their belief that Rove 's claim of Executive Privilege based immunity from subpoena is " not legally valid . "
Among the reasons , they argue , is that the Executive Privilege claim was never actually asserted by Bush , despite " The courts hav[ing ] stated that a personal assertion of Executive Privilege by the President is legally required for the privilege claim to be valid . "
In additional compelling argument from the Committee , they argue that " the White House has maintained that the President never received any advice on , and was not himself involved in , the forced resignations of the U.S. Attorneys , " [ emphasis in original ] and that similarly " there has been no suggestion that the President was personally involved in the Siegelman matter . "
Therefore , they contend , there are no communications from advisers on these matters that would be covered by " the presidential communications privilege , " even presuming such a privilege was found by the courts to shield Rove from having to testify , or even to simply appear .
The question Des asked , however , still remains .
What " consequences , " if any , will actually come about , and what " other legal remedies , " if any , will actually be pursued by the House , if , that is , Pelosi even allows the recommendation onto the floor for a full vote , as Reid , her counterpart in the Senate , has so far failed to do .
We 've got an inquiry in to the Judiciary Committee to see if we can learn what is meant by " other legal remedies , " and will update if we are able to receive a substantive reply .
The article I posted a few weeks ago in regards to the H5N1 vaccine caused me to consider a potential pandemic and the health care workers ’ obligation to work should the event come to pass .
The World Health Organization estimates that
today a pandemic is likely to result in 2 to 7.4 million deaths globally .
In high income countries alone , accounting for 15 % of the world ’s population , models project a demand for 134- 233 million outpatient visits and 1.5 - 5.2 million hospital admissions .
The romantic notion of selfless sacrifice in medicine may be the exception rather than the norm in the face of a global pandemic , which would stretch our already over - stretched resources to the breaking point .
Although history has given us many noble figures in medicine , how noble will we be if we are faced with a highly virulent strain of flu to which none of us are immune , and to which a vaccine to prevent the illness might not be available until after the outbreak of the disease has already begun ?
There is a precedence for this ,
during the early years of the Human Immunodeficiency Virus ( HIV ) epidemic doctors debated whether it was acceptable to refuse to treat those with HIV ; and during the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) outbreak some HCW ’s were not willing to treat SARS patients .
Fear is a powerful motivator .
Although health care workers generally are a selfless lot , many health care workers may refuse to work during a pandemic due to fear for their own safety and that of their families .
Is it ethically wrong to refuse to work if a spouse or a child becomes ill ?
To what extent are health care workers expected to put the welfare of others above their own , or their children ’s , needs ?
In the US Armed Forces , soldiers who go AWOL ( absent without leave ) can be severely punished , including a jail term .
Can ( or should ) health care workers be held to the same standard , which boils down to duty to country first and personal concerns last ?
I do n’t have any answers to these questions .
This issue will have to be addressed personally by all health care workers who are involved in direct patient care .
When the time comes , we will all be faced with hard decisions .
The only thing I am sure of is that this issue should be planned for and thought about before the time comes that the notion of self - sacrifice must be put to the test .
Reference
Draper , H. , Wilson , S. , Ives , J. , Gratus , C. , Greenfield , S. , Parry , J. , Petts , J. , Sorell , T. ( 2008 ) .
Healthcare workers ’ attitudes towards working during pandemic influenza : A multi method study .
BMC Public Health , 8 ( 1 ) , 192 .
DOI : 10.1186/1471-2458-8-192
Michael Abramowitz and Amy Goldstein
Washington Post
June 29 , 2008
The White House invoked executive privilege yesterday in withholding subpoenaed documents on fired U.S. attorneys out of confidence that it can prevail in court and weather a political storm by blaming Congress for overreaching , administration officials said .
White House counsel Fred F. Fielding said in a letter to the chairmen of the Senate and House judiciary committees that President Bush will not make available the requested documents or permit testimony by two former senior aides about White House and Justice Department calculations in the firing of nine federal prosecutors .
Striking a theme used by other presidents being investigated by Congress , Fielding wrote that Bush is taking the position to preserve what he termed a “ bedrock Presidential prerogative : for the President to perform his constitutional duties , it is imperative that he receive candid and unfettered advice ” from top aides .
Advisers would be “ reluctant to communicate openly and honestly ” if they feared being dragged before Congress to testify or provide documents of their deliberations , he wrote .
Coming on the same day the Senate torpedoed Bush ’s immigration plan , Fielding ’s letter and the White House ’s statements threatened to worsen the already strained relations between the administration and the Democratic - controlled Congress , which has launched aggressive investigations aimed at exposing White House wrongdoing .
The statements from all sides yesterday called to mind the harsh rhetoric in Washington heard at the height of the Watergate scandal .
“ This is a further shift by the Bush administration into Nixonian stonewalling and more evidence of their disdain for our system of checks and balances , ” said Patrick J. Leahy ( D - Vt. ) , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
“ Increasingly , the president and vice president feel they are above the law . ”
The White House ’s action yesterday did not address the separate Senate subpoenas this week for documents related to the National Security Agency ’s warrantless wiretapping program .
If Congress insists on those subpoenas , a senior administration official said , “ we will have to deal with that .
. . .
I am not going to speculate at this point . ”
FULL STORY
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The VMware Fusion team is proud to announce VMware Fusion 2.0 Beta 2 .
This latest public beta , a free download , builds on VMware Fusion 2.0 Beta 1 , adding the Unity 2.0 suite of Mac - Windows integration features , new ways to protect and manage your virtual machines with multiple snapshots , and a garage full of power tools for technical professionals .
And as previously announced , VMware Fusion 2.0 will be a free downloadable upgrade for all VMware Fusion 1.x customers .
Key Features of VMware Fusion 2.0 Beta 2
As with Beta 1 , VMware Fusion 2.0 Beta 2 brings dozens of new features and improvements to the most seamless way to run Windows on your Mac .
Beta 2 Highlight Reel :
As usual , we ’ve put together a video , above , of Beta 2 highlights , in addition to the more in - depth video demos on the Beta 2 welcome page .
Unity 2.0 : Next Generation Mac - Windows Integration
Beta 2 takes to the next level the Mac - Windows integration first pioneered in VMware Fusion 1.0 .
New in Beta 2 , share applications between Windows and Mac. Launch Mac files with Windows applications , and even set web , email , and other links to launch in either your Mac or Windows browser and email clients .
Use VMware Fusion ’s Mirrored Folders to seamlessly map the contents of your Mac ’s Desktop , Documents , Music , and Pictures folders to show up in your Windows Desktop , My Documents , My Music , and My Pictures folders .
Even map your Mac keyboard to send custom keystroke combinations into your virtual machine .
Learn more about Unity 2.0
Windows is even Safer on the Mac
Building on VMware Fusion 1.x ’s ability to take a single virtual machine snapshot , VMware Fusion 2 provides ever better ways to manage and control Windows on your Mac .
New in Beta 2 , take and manage multiple snapshots for each of your virtual machines , keeping checkpoints before you install new software to protect against potential issues .
And extending multiple snapshots , VMware Fusion 2 offers an industry - first : AutoProtect , automatic , timed snapshots at half - hourly , hourly , or daily intervals .
You never know when disaster may strike — AutoProtect keeps you covered .
Learn more about safety features
Easier and Easier
Beta 2 also adds more usability and “ Mac - friendly ” features , like CPU utilization reductions , Mac OS X Leopard Quick Look integration , Apple Help integration , and better activity monitors in the status bar .
Learn more about usability improvements
Video Star
DirectX 9.0 Shader Model 2 3D acceleration gets more refined in Beta 2 , meaning bigger and badder Windows games will run on a Mac , with no rebooting .
And High Definition video now runs at near native speed , and with less CPU impact on the Mac , opening up the world of Windows - only HD media .
Read more about video improvements
Power Tools for Tech Pros
VMware Fusion 2 really starts to show its datacenter and enterprise heritage with the addition of a slew of power user tools .
Multiple Snapshots and the addition of Mac OS X Leopard Server virtual machines , make VMware Fusion a Mac IT pro’s best friend .
Also new in Beta 2 , better Linux support , including support for Ubuntu Hardy Heron and Linux Unity view .
Server Grade Power :
With the addition of Mac OS X Leopard Server , VMware Fusion 2 now boasts support for all major server OSes , both 32 and 64 - bit .
Also new in Beta 2 , add up to four virtual CPUs to your virtual machines and control virtual machines from the Command Line using VMrun .
Let your Mac Pro and Xserve out to run by loading up with server - grade virtual machines on VMware Fusion 2 .
Read more about power features
Go Get the Beta !
We encourage anyone interested in the latest and greatest to check out the the Beta 2 welcome page , watch the demo videos , and go grab the bits .
Animals reared in natural , outdoor conditions without nasty modern drugs yield healthier meat , right ?
Not necessarily .
Wondwossen Gebreyes and colleagues at Ohio State University in Columbus tested US pigs for antibodies – telltale signs of infection – to pathogens that can also affect humans .
They found traces of Salmonella in 39 per cent of pigs raised in standard indoor pens and routinely given antibiotics , but in 54 per cent of organic pigs raised outdoors without the drugs ( Foodborne Pathogens and Disease , vol 5 , p 199 ) .
This poses a dilemma , says Gebreyes : giving pigs routine antibiotics favours antibiotic - resistant bacteria , but not giving …
Supply crunch hits coal cradle
By Wan Zhihong ( China Daily )
Updated : 2008-07-09 09:02
Workers check power transmission facilities in Lu'an , Anhui province .
[ China Daily ]
Shanxi province , which produces one - fourth of China 's coal , has witnessed approximately 5,000 mW of power shortages , the highest level recorded in recent years .
The province is currently facing a power shortage , which has reached as high as 4,600 mW .
The power shortage has adversely affected the economy , said the provincial electricity regulator .
The province has an installed power capacity of 34,340 mW .
However , power genertors with capacity of 3,500 mW halted production because of coal shortage , accounting for 15.2 percent , said the regulator .
" The tense situation caused by the coal supply and the rise in coal price has had a big impact on the province 's power companies , " said Li Fulong , director of the provincial price bureau .
According to Shanxi Province Electric Power Association ( SEPA ) , this year coal production in the province will reach 680 million tons , up 9 percent compared with a year earlier .
However , it still cannot catch up with the development of downstream business , such as power generation .
Coal companies in Shanxi have all increased their product prices this year .
In the first quarter , the average coal price for the province 's five leading companies stood at 377 yuan ( $ 54.94 ) per ton , an increase of 13 percent compared with a year earlier , according to local statistics .
Power plants are witnessing their hardest time in history , said Li Jianwei , head of SEPA .
In the first quarter , of the 20 major power plants in the province , 17 saw losses in their businesses .
As China 's important coal production base , the problems with coal supply in Shanxi has also had an impact on other areas of China .
In Zhejiang , local statistics showed the province had seen a power shortage of 3,000 mW .
The power generation sector alone saw 12 million tons of coal shortage .
In the country 's industrial hub , the Yangtze River Delta , 50 percent of coal consumption relies on Shanxi 's production .
Apart from power generation , lack of coal has also impacted other businesses such as steel manufacturing and fertilizer production .
This summer , some regions in China will see blackouts , according to the State Electricity Regulatory Commission .
An official from the commission earlier told China Daily that in the summer , the gap between power supply and demand would be 16 gW .
Facing power shortages , coal companies in Shanxi will do everything in their power to try and ensure the supply in the province as well as in other areas .
The province will also employ temporary price control measures for coal to help relieve power plants ' difficulties , the local government said .
A colony of honeybees .
An unknown pathogen is pushing the industrious honeybee to disaster as scientists scurry to figure out what the cause is .
Early results of a key study by the USDA and Pennsylvania State University point towards some kind of disease or parasite .
About one - third of the human diet comes from insect - pollinated plants and the honeybee is responsible for 80 percent of that pollination , according to the USDA .
There are more species of bees buzzing around the globe than there are species of mammals and birds combined , a new census shows .
This new count of bee species , conducted by John S. Ascher of the American Museum of Natural History in New York , comes from a list he compiled of more than 19,200 described bee species .
" Most people know of honey bees and a few bumble bees , but we have documented that there are actually more species of bees than of birds and mammals put together , " Ascher said .
Ascher 's census documents 2,000 more described species than the most recent definitive list published eight years ago .
Cataloguing the world 's species , especially small insects , is an enormous challenge ; scientists do n't even know how many total species live on the planet — estimates run from 5 million to 100 million total species , though only 2 million have been identified .
Taking a head count of the world 's bees is important though because the busy insects are critical to pollinating crops .
Honey bees , such as Apis mellifera , are the most economically important pollinators .
But while honey bees are the most well - known bee faces , most bees do n't make honey or live in hives like this social species .
Honey bee numbers have dropped precipitously in recent years due to an unexplained phenomenon dubbed " colony collapse disorder , " which has wiped out hives throughout the United States .
The checklist of bee species has been listed online on the Discover Life website , a searchable database of species classifications .
Exclusive to STR
Last week we looked at trends for the economy and for government action , and found the situation less than optimal , in much the same way that an outbreak of Ebola in your neighborhood would be less than optimal .
This week we consider the situation for commodities ( and in particular oil and metals ) , food supplies , and the environment .
3 ) Oil , metals , and other natural resources
The dramatic trend for higher commodity prices which began several years ago is not an artificially inflated bubble about to pop , but instead a very real expression of powerful , fundamental change in the world ( which I 'll describe shortly ) .
Downticks are inevitable in any bull market , but the commodity uptrend itself is n't going away anytime soon .
Unlike in a bubble ( e.g. , the recent bubble in housing ) buyers are snapping up the available supply for current use as it comes to market , not buying and holding actual inventory for expected future gain .
To see how broad and strong this uptrend has been already , click here for a page with charts for many commodities over various periods of time ; the example below is for heating oil over the last ten years .
Most other natural resource - based commodities , including gasoline and metals , show a similar pattern .
( HO , NYMEX ) http://futures.tradingcharts.com/chart/HO/M
As for my prediction that dollar prices for commodities will continue rising for years to come : there are several reasons for such a view , and together , these reasons make Neils Bohr 's famous comment " Prediction is very difficult , especially about the future " look like sissy - boy waffling .
Bohr was a pretty bright guy , but there are clearly some times when prediction is n't difficult at all .
I , personally , have a 100 % accuracy rate in predicting certain types of events .
For instance , when I drop a raw egg on my kitchen floor , I predict ( as I helplessly watch the egg accelerate at 32 ' per second per second toward the hardwood ) that the eggshell will break and gooey raw egg will splurt out on the floor .
I have never been wrong about this , and there are dozens of other things I have been 100 % right about , too .
So you can take what I have to say here as gospel , at least when I 'm talking about eggs .
Returning to the topic at hand ( and to a tone more appropriate to the situation ) :
The first and ( for now ) most important reason that commodity prices will continue rising :
We live in a dying , world - wide empire of fiat currency .
This empire is owned by private banks with monopoly charters that are granted by , and operated in league with , coercive governments .
The empire itself is sociopathic to the core ; it is gimlet - eyed , cunning , and controls most of the major outlets for news and entertainment ; it also controls respected universities and influential think tanks and the most powerful organizations among the power elite .
For a century and more , this empire has controlled the money supply of nations and has financed wars and other destructive government make - work projects , growing fat on the profits while millions suffered and died .
The empire is highly skilled at promoting such disasters , which are said to be " compassionate " or " necessary " ( often to Save Us From an Enemy or some other danger ) .
Regarding war in particular , highly - decorated General Smedley Butler ( two Congressional Medals of Honor ) put it plainly in the title of his 1935 book : War Is A Racket .
Banks and their friends in other industries ( including government , the one industry that imposes itself on customers at gunpoint ) make the profits ; soldiers , their families and friends , and ordinary civilians everywhere pay the price , both financially and in terms of death , maiming , and other horror .
Despite its power , the fiat - currency empire is based on a self - serving lie , and thus the truth has been undermining the empire 's foundations since inception .
That truth is now poised to bring the whole , rotting , corrupt edifice down in a collapse of epic proportions that will devastate entire societies and echo through time , eventually becoming myth and legend .
The character of the future that emerges from this event will depend on how we respond to the disaster now in progress .
In particular , our responses will determine whether our children and their descendents live in a civil society of love and freedom , or in a technologically - enabled police state powerful enough to resist any attempt at overthrow or reform .
Love and freedom , then – or cruelty and tyranny .
Make no mistake : that is the choice we face , and not only for ourselves but for many , many millions yet unborn .
- - - - -
The lie at the heart of the fiat currency empire is that a central bank can and should be the sole provider of a nation 's money supply , and that said supply should consist of worthless pieces of paper ( and now , electronic entries in computers ) that can be almost - instantly created in any quantity by the central bank at essentially zero cost .
These currency units are tied to , and redeemable in , nothing whatsoever .
In other words , the fiat currency empire is based entirely on what might be called counterfeiting , and on coercively enforcing monopoly privileges for the counterfeiters .
Not only do the central banks have a monopoly on the " right " to counterfeit , but competitors offering honest money ( gold or silver , which cannot be inflated into nothingness ) are attacked as criminals ( video , 1 min 10 sec ; mostly scrolling text describing the victim 's point of view ; see also this Washington Post story on the event ) .
Actually , central banks are doing something worse than counterfeiting .
A true counterfeiter creates a phony copy of something real ( for instance , when a twenty - dollar bill was redeemable by law for roughly an ounce of gold , the counterfeiter who created a fake $ 20 bill was essentially making a phony copy of one ounce of gold ) , but the Federal Reserve and other central banks have , in collusion with the governments that charter them , eliminated the " real thing " entirely : even " real " dollars now have no intrinsic value at all .
This is a scam of far grander dimensions than the mere counterfeiting of genuine currency .
This corrupt and parasitic system has infected nearly every nation around the world ( the U.S. succumbed in 1913 , with creation of the Federal Reserve ) , and now , after decades of hidden wealth transfer from the masses to central banks , governments , and the power elite ( including corporations feeding at the government trough ) , the resulting economic damage is nearing a tipping point ( see last week 's column ) .
Artificially - created boom / bust episodes are coming more frequently and ( because the fundamentals grow ever - weaker ) are becoming more severe .
Central banks thwart the necessary corrections with the only tool they have : more inflation .
Creation of ever - more fiat money ( much of it in the form of debt ) is the only thing keeping the game going , and the result is an entire planet headed toward economic collapse ; see Zimbabwe for a preview .
Money supply growth , worldwide , is heading into the vertical part of the parabolic curve .
The egg , as it were , is about to hit the floor :
From " Global Inflation :
The next major obstacle " http://www.321gold.com/editorials/aden/aden070308.html
Another look at the data , using the Consumer Price Index for U.S. prices :
From http://mwhodges.home.att.net/inflation.htm
As rivers of new dollars ( and pesos and yuan and pounds and euros and other currency units ) join the ocean of pseudo - money already drowning every nation , an ever - increasing number of those currency units will be required to pay for real goods that cannot be counterfeited ( and which have not already been bid - up into speculative bubbles , such as housing ) .
This is Reason Number
One that you will be paying more for nearly every consumable item in the future , from gasoline to milk : the amount of fiat money in the system keeps increasing .
The system and its apologists are desperate to keep this obvious truth hidden from the public , or at least to keep the public confused about it .
For example , last week , U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said that " a weaker dollar cannot be blamed for soaring oil prices . "
This is on par with saying that " heavy rain cannot be blamed for flooding in the Midwest . "
Proof – and this is where that pesky " reality " thing really gets in the way of a good lie – is that gasoline prices have hardly changed in terms of real money .
A gallon of gasoline today costs about $ 4.10 in American fiat money , but can still be had for less than a quarter - ounce of silver ( silver is $ 18.12 per ounce as I write ; check the Kitco graphic at the top of 321gold.com for the current price ) .
A silver quarter from 1964 or earlier contains nearly a quarter - ounce of silver , and , despite fluctuations in the price of the two commodities , will usually buy roughly a gallon of gas .
This situation has changed little in decades .
In Texas during the late 1960s ( yes , even a few years after the removal of silver from new coinage ) , a gallon of gasoline sold for between 20.9 cents and 24.9 cents – I know because I was there , filling the tank of my rattle - trap 1960 Ford Falcon for about $ 2.00 total .
For a short video pointing out that 23 cents would buy a gallon of gas in 1947 , click here .
The video ignores that a silver quarter is only 90 % silver and also pooh - poohs the increasing supply / demand mismatch ( i.e. , peak oil versus higher global demand , which is starting to impact prices ) , but it nonetheless makes an easily - understood case for the basic reality that erosion of dollar value is by far the biggest reason for higher gas prices today .
At some point , after the system has largely collapsed and much of the pseudo - money has vanished ( in bankruptcies , stock market crashes and other asset deflation , and in a hundred other ways ) you will STILL be paying more for consumables and for most other goods – if not as measured in currency units , then as measured in hours worked or as a percentage of your monthly income .
( Here 's an argument for deflation coming sooner rather than later , for those interested ) .
Why ?
Reason Number
Two for higher prices is supply versus demand , that most basic of economic realities .
Supply of most commodities is either diminishing or growing more slowly than demand , and the cost of bringing that supply to market is increasing dramatically ; the high - quality and easy - to - harvest deposits of oil and metals and coal , for example , have for the most part already been harvested .
Yet world population continues growing and billions of people who now live in abject poverty are clawing their way into the middle class , or at least in that direction .
The result is ever - more people wanting ( and buying ) air - conditioners and automobiles and every other material good you can name , bidding up prices on the diminishing supply of commodities required to make and transport those material goods .
In short , Peak Oil and Peak Metal will increasingly drive oil and metal prices higher , independent of and in addition to monetary inflation .
As an example , here is a look at the United Kingdom 's oil production , including the huge North Sea oil fields ( which , like most large oil fields around the world , have already peaked ) :
http://www.energyfiles.com/eurfsu/uk.html
EnergyFiles.com provides such charts for pretty much every oil - producing nation on Earth , and nearly all look similar to the chart above .
Do n't take my word for it : start clicking that mouse and see for yourself .
Many observers report that world oil output has already peaked ; for example , the German - based Energy Watch Group says the world peak occurred in 2006 .
Furthermore , the oil that IS being harvested today is increasingly difficult to obtain and is expensive ( in terms of energy as well as money ) to refine , making the situation far worse than the raw numbers suggest .
Once again , this same basic problem is being experienced in the mining industry .
Current data suggest that the supply of several metals ( including indium , needed in LCD panels ) will be exhausted in only a few decades – for indium , perhaps in 13 years .
Naturally , this has an effect in the market : " In January 2003 [ indium ] sold for around $ 60 per kilogram , by August 2006 , the price had shot up to over $ 1,000 per kilogram " says Brian Durrant in Commodity Predictions : The Future Is Uncertain .
Durrant includes a chart with " Years to exhaustion " for over a dozen metals .
If all that sounds like a recipe for lower prices to you , then congratulations !
You may have what it takes to become U.S. Secretary of the Treasury .
You might think things could n't get any worse for energy and other commodity prices , but in fact several other , short - term problems ( including a possible attack on Iran and predictions for above - average hurricane activity this year in the oil - producing Gulf of Mexico region ; see also here ) could spike the price of oil and natural gas dramatically , all on their own , which would naturally raise the market price of metals and anything else that must be transported to market .
Some believe an attack on Iran could double or triple oil prices ; imagine $ 450 / barrel !
For the mining industry , problems include political instability , electricity shortages , and the threat of nationalization .
A note on conservation and other voluntary reductions of usage : yes , higher prices – even for crude oil and gasoline – tend to reduce demand , as consumers change their habits in response .
It may happen that the economic downturn now in progress will reduce demand enough to lower prices temporarily .
But take a good look at the down - slope of the graph above before telling yourself that voluntarily lower usage will lead to an ongoing match with available supply anytime soon .
Once again , other nations , and almost certainly the world as a whole , have or will have very similar down - slopes for crude oil supply .
Unlike the OPEC oil embargo of the 1970s , the escalating oil shock of today and tomorrow will increasingly be based on actual , systemic , unfixable ( at least in the near term ) shortages – as well as on Reasons Number One and Three .
Speaking of Reason Number
Three : commodity prices will also reliably increase in the years ahead because government is keen to help solve the problem .
That is another way of saying that the free market will not be allowed to solve the problem , or at least will be severely hamstrung in its efforts .
See the ethanol debacle now unfolding , or our efforts in the War on Drugs , or the disaster of government " help " in healthcare , or the destructive effect of our aid to Africa , or the U.S. government response to the 9/11 attacks , or , well , almost any other example of government help : government is indeed The Worst Way to Do Anything .
Government solutions not only fail reliably ; they get in the way of genuine solutions .
It is worth noting that one " government solution " is for a government to either nationalize a resource or to increase the government 's percentage of the profits .
This is happening around the world – and is being suggested by some in the United States , including a few in Congress .
In sum , none of these three reasons for expecting higher commodity prices has moderated since the first of the year ; all three continue to worsen – more inflation in America and around the world , more evidence that we are near ( or even slightly past ) the Peak Oil point and the Peak extraction point for several metals as well , and more government intrusion .
4 ) Food
Take everything we just talked about above , and add " extensive drought and flooding . "
That 's the food picture : a long - term uptrend for prices ( due to monetary inflation , looming oil and other energy shortages , population growth , farmland erosion , water shortages , and the government - enforced " let 's use a bunch of our corn for fuel instead of food ! " idea , among other things ) combined with near - term additional pressure on price and supply from poor harvests this year – actually , from poor harvests and higher demand the last several years , which have already reduced food stocks to their lowest levels in decades .
The mega - famines of the 1970s and 1980s predicted by Paul Ehrlich and others were averted by the Green Revolution , which improved farming productivity around the world via the application of technology .
The question today is :
Will technology , or anything else , prevent mega - famine in the future as world population soars to a projected 9 billion in the next 34 years ?
That would be today 's 6.7 billion plus 2.3 billion more – the current population of China and India combined .
( As recently as 1950 , world population was about 2.5 billion total ) .
These are staggering numbers , and the growing freshwater shortage alone makes it difficult for me to believe that world food output will grow dramatically enough to feed them all .
Add the other problems already apparent in the food supply chain , and I expect Ehrlich 's predictions will be off by a few decades but otherwise all - too - accurate .
Yes , I understand that technology might save us again ; no , I do n't think it will do so .
In any case , we do n't have to wait decades for a budding food crisis : one is already here .
In The World Food Crisis ( The Nation , May 12 , 2008 ) , John Nichols points out that this crisis ( as with so many others ) has its roots in government " help " and in corporatism :
" The current global food system , which was designed by US - based agribusiness conglomerates like Cargill , Monsanto and ADM and forced into place by the US government and its allies at the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization , has planted the seeds of disaster by pressuring farmers here and abroad to produce cash crops for export and alternative fuels rather than grow healthy food for local consumption and regional stability . "
The word " crisis " keeps popping up in stories on the global food situation , and for millions of people in poor nations , food shortages and higher prices are indeed becoming a life - and - death problem .
Even in wealthy nations , the poor and increasingly the middle class are feeling the pinch as well , and there is little to suggest things will improve in the near - or even medium - term .
Worse yet , a major financial collapse , as many believe imminent ( see last week 's column ) , has the potential to disrupt food distribution in a rapid and dramatic fashion and to reduce farmers ' ability to grow the next season 's crops as well .
I believe such a collapse is inevitable at some point and quite possible in 2008 , although timing and velocity of such events can never be predicted with certainty .
In addition to drought and flood and other factors , remember , the dollar itself is worth less every year , putting price pressure on real goods .
I can't think of a more vivid example of how badly the Federal Reserve has wrecked the American dollar than the fact that before the Fed was created , bread was typically five cents a loaf .
( See U.S. Supreme Court , SCHMIDINGER v. CITY OF CHICAGO , 226 U.S. 578 , 1913 ) .
Bought a loaf of bread for a nickel lately ?
Probably not , and the price of bread in the U.S. is now rising dramatically , up 16.3 % in the last year , per the Department of Labor .
The linked article details the price increases bakers face for nearly everything : labor , flour , eggs , fuel for delivery vans , you name it .
Flooding and drought may end this year or not , but monetary inflation by the Federal Reserve rolls on .
Bottom line : the food situation looks even worse than it did at the start of the year .
5 ) Environment
The oceans remain my biggest concern with the environment ; they are becoming more acidic , are heavily polluted with chemicals and trash ( some areas have more than six times as much plastic as plankton by weight [ video , 7 min 9 sec ] – and that was in 2001 ) , and have been over - fished to an extent that " Peak Fish " is now , already , joining Peak Oil and other peak phenomena as a human problem .
This is yet another reason for concern about the food situation : seafood is heading towards extinction .
There seems far too little awareness of this looming disaster .
None of this is new , and I have n't seen any dramatic new environmental problem that was n't already on the radar screen six months ago .
My sense is that the trend continues in the wrong direction , but contradictory stories are commonplace , and unlike with food or oil prices which we all experience first - hand , evaluating the truth behind environmental news reports and commentary is difficult .
One possible bright spot is that an economic downturn combined with less fossil fuel being available might , just possibly , ease some of the pressure we are putting on our home planet .
It also might do the opposite , as desperate people respond in desperate ways that end up creating even more damage .
So perhaps I own Bohr an apology ; sometimes , " prediction is very difficult , especially about the future . "
Conclusion
You could be forgiven for thinking I am a pessimist , because this two - part column is a litany of dire problems .
But if the problems are real – and they are – then writing honestly about them is realism , not pessimism .
People are accustomed to believing things that comfort them , but the benefit of seeing things as they are is that acknowledging a problem is the first step in solving it .
Right now , the tendency is to see the converging downtrends discussed in this column as temporary , as part of the " normal " business cycle , as something that will soon reverse and return us to the more stable and prosperous world we knew .
But that is not the case – not this time , or so I believe .
Certainly , a tipping point will be reached at some point that will prevent a quick or easy return to prosperous " normality . "
Too many fundamentals are being eroded at the same time , and this erosion has continued for many decades .
I believe the tipping point is now behind us , but if not , it is coming soon .
I am hardly alone in this view ; see Destruction by Paradigm from March 2007 for a long collection of data and comments by others on the gathering financial storm .
Do n't let occasional short reversals of the downtrend confuse you .
The downtrend now underway will outlast and eventually overshadow the Great Depression of the 1930s .
Why ?
Because compared to the situation in late 1929 , today 's situation is dramatically worse .
Today , we have :
Vastly more debt , at every level ( federal , state , local , business , personal ) :
A nearly dismantled manufacturing sector ; much of our wealth - producing machinery is idled and rusting ; in 1929 it was the envy of the world
An auto industry on the verge of bankruptcy and with ever - smaller market share ; in 1929 our auto industry was the world leader
Other industries also near bankruptcy ( banking , homebuilding , airlines , etc ) .
An ever - worsening trade deficit ; Americans buy more and more goods from the rest of the world while creating less and less to sell .
( Yes , this makes the nation poorer ) .
In 1929 , and actually until the 1970s , America had a positive trade balance .
Now , our cumulative trade deficit is the largest in history :
Dimishing real wages as well as fewer job opportunities for blue - collar workers and for the middle class generally .
438,000 jobs have been lost just in the first six months of this year alone in the United States – and that 's using the rather suspect official government figures .
438,000 people would make a good - sized city ; the population of Miami is 404,000 , for example .
A fiat currency rapidly dropping in value and tied to nothing , as opposed to a dollar tied to gold by law ; this has become obvious and is changing behavior in relation to the dollar world - wide .
Those still willing to take dollars want more of them , and expect to need even more tomorrow just to keep pace with the dollar 's loss of value .
Price pressure on nearly everything is compounding throughout the market ; higher oil prices , for instance , add price pressure to nearly everything that is manufactured , grown , or transported .
In addition , we have depleted much of our oil and other resources ( U.S. oil output peaked decades ago ) .
Oil , iron ore , and other natural commodities were plentiful in 1929 and the U.S. was the world 's largest producer of many commodities , including oil .
The infrastructure for harvesting and refining these resources was relatively new and in good repair in 1929 ; that is no longer the case – many trillions of dollars are needed to repair and upgrade not only oil field and related equipment ( pipelines , for instance ) but also electric , gasoline , natural gas , water , and sewer infrastructure in the U.S. – in addition to repairing our neglected roads , bridges , railways , and nearly everything else needed for a functioning economy .
This is in addition to trillions of dollars needed for new technologies and infrastructures ( solar and wind farms , for example ) required by the oncoming shortfall of oil and natural gas .
But we are already deeper in debt than any other nation in history has ever been , and our productive capacity has been deeply eroded , so where will the money come from ?
The environment has degraded to such an extent that even the oceans are dying .
Add other environmental problems , which are legion , and the situation is not only impacting the world economy and food supply – the environment may be perilously close to a collapse like none ever seen in human history .
We really do n't know what to expect ; we have never killed the oceans before , for instance .
What effects ( direct and indirect ) will that have ?
Whatever the effects are , I do n't expect them to be positive .
The cancer - like growth of government in the United States , necessarily at the expense of the productive private sector , has reduced the ability of market forces to respond to new situations and to create the wealth needed for responding to today 's growing crisis .
Note that our problems have grown in nearly direct proportion to the growth in government :
How to respond to all this ?
Is there a simple set of instructions you could follow to protect yourself and your family from what is coming ?
Not if you are planning to remain on planet Earth , there is n't ( although I 'll discuss some possibly - helpful actions in a moment ) .
Certainly , the United States is significantly less prosperous and less free than it was only recently , and the trend continues .
Uber - investor Jim Rogers recently sold his Manhattan townhouse ( for $ 15.75 million ) and moved his family to Singapore ; Rogers , with an excellent track - record for predicting trends , is convinced that the current financial meltdown will become " much worse " and that Asia will be a better place to live .
He may be right in the near term ; Asia is certainly in better shape than America or Europe at this point , but Asia absolutely will be pulled into the vortex along with everyone else , and how things will go on the ground as the collapse gains speed is anyone 's guess .
The food crisis is already causing riots in Asia and fuel shortages are creating long lines at fuel stations in China and elsewhere .
Pollution in China is at epic levels , hurting human health and the economy while sparking riots and other civil unrest .
As the oceans themselves grow more polluted and barren , as oil and metals become more scarce and expensive , as fresh water for irrigation , drinking , and other uses disappears from water tables and rivers , as the trillions of dollars in Asian monetary reserves evaporate into nothingness ( and as local currencies follow suit ) , as factory orders from overseas dry up and costs escalate , and as Asian governments clamp down on the inevitable unrest and otherwise meddle in a desperate effort to " help , " what will this fast - growing and most densely - populated region of the world become ?
An oasis in a world gone mad , or just another hot zone in the madness ?
Get clear on this : your children 's lives will not be like your own .
A new era is beginning , and it will take your complete attention and a great deal of effort to survive comfortably – or perhaps at all – much less to prosper in the years ahead .
At the individual and family level :
Food :
Do you have any stored or are you currently growing a significant amount of food ( in a large garden , perhaps ) ?
If food distribution were severely disrupted for a weeks or months , what would you do ?
Your local grocery chain is about three days away from empty shelves , at least for perishables .
If food becomes scarce or more expensive than you could afford , would you have any alternatives other than showing up ( with thousands of others ) at your local food bank ?
Water : Several areas in the United States are at the edge of severe and prolonged , possibly permanent , water shortages .
Have you looked into the issue for your area and made appropriate plans , if necessary ?
For millions of people in America and elsewhere , this will become a huge and sudden problem in the next few years .
The water crisis will also impact the availability and pricing of food and of other things ; getting usable oil from the Canadian tar sands or from American oil shale requires vast amounts of water as well as huge amounts of energy , for instance .
Jobs , money , and investments :
A financial collapse is coming ; this is no longer in doubt , and in fact early stages of the collapse have already begun ( see Part 1 of this column for more detail ) .
Is your job one that will remain in demand when most other people have lost theirs ?
Are your pension and other investments likely to survive bank failures , hyperinflation , the bankruptcy of your corporate employer , and other problems ?
If you were to find yourself without income for a week ( or month , or a year or longer ) , do you have anything set aside to take care of necessities ?
Security :
The turmoil ahead will almost certainly include an increase in crime as large numbers of people grow desperate .
Family and friends :
In the Great Depression of the 1930s , millions of Americans got by with the help of family and close friends .
Today , families are smaller , physically scattered , and family ties are typically weaker ; we move more often and thus have more shallow ties in the community .
Fewer of us go to churches today , which were another safety net and source of strength in the 1930s .
Building relationships today could well pay off tomorrow .
Transportation :
If gasoline were to double or triple in price from current levels , how would you cope ?
Better to answer the question now than to find out later the hard way .
Careful consideration of the questions raised above will lead you to answers – to your own answers , because not every person or situation is the same , and because chaos ( a good description of what we are heading into ) is inherently murky ; we can see the tornado coming but cannot predict where that lawn chair will end up after the tornado passes .
I wish I could be more precise , and more positive for that matter , but I am interested in reality , not fantasy .
You can find plenty of that on the web , if you desire .
At the national and global level :
You will have noticed that the problems facing us are of two distinctly different types :
1 ) Natural - world problems created by the rapid and breathtaking increase in human population and human wealth ; environmental issues , depletion of finite resources , and difficulty of continually ramping up the food supply to keep up with population growth are examples .
These problems were created by the solving of earlier problems by technology and the market , including the problem of how to feed billions more people as the population grew .
Now that these new problems are on the radar screen of almost everyone and are known to be serious , technology and market forces will eventually solve them ( and quicker than most would expect ) – if they are allowed to do so – i.e. , without government interference .
2 ) Problems caused directly or indirectly by government action .
Coercive power and central planning simply do not work well , and if we continue to expect such methods to solve today 's problems , we are doomed .
As noted philosopher Ringo Starr has said , " Everything government touches turns to crap . "
Henry David
Thoreau made the point more eloquently in Civil Disobedience :
" Government is at best but an expedient ; but most governments are usually , and all governments are sometimes , inexpedient .
The objections which have been brought against a standing army , and they are many and weighty , and deserve to prevail , may also at last be brought against a standing government . "
Thoreau was putting it mildly .
To say it plainly , the human race can no longer survive the inefficiency , destruction , and carnage caused by governments .
If we are to surmount the problems now facing us , the irrational belief in coercive government as necessary , as positive , as even long - term survivable must , absolutely must , be widely examined , seen for the delusion that it is , and discarded .
Any system that creates war and genocide and which simply murders people by the thousands and even by the millions deserves to join the system of human sacrifice in the dustbin of history .
Few people are aware of the horrific level of violence and murder that governments inflict ; see Dr. R. J. Rummel 's Death by Government for a look at the reality .
Rummel 's current ( revised ) figures for 20th Century government murder come to 262,000,000 – more than two and a half million murders per year , on average , for an entire century .
That is in addition to war , in addition to torture , in addition to maiming and other injury , in addition to millions who were displaced from their homes or otherwise harmed by governments .
Why on Earth do we put up with this ?
Government action has directly and indirectly caused much of the disaster now coming and has exacerbated the rest .
We either put an end to the coercive , ham - fisted , destructive meddling of our politicians and their central - bank masters and corporatist parasites , or that entire system will put an end to us .
Solving both our natural - world problems and our systemic problems of tyranny and economic corruption can only happen to the extent we free ourselves from the web of systematic coercion that now ensnares us .
Free human beings solve problems with shocking speed and can change focus and direction quickly as needed ; government action creates entrenched and coercively - funded special interests that make necessary change difficult or impossible .
The other element needed is more love ( or less neurosis , if you prefer ) in the world , especially for the young .
Freedom without compassion is no less a disaster than compassion without freedom .
Systematic coercion and widespread neurosis are the Two Great Evils of this world and I am ever - more certain that nothing less than bold moves towards more love and freedom will save us .
Love and freedom , then , or cruelty and tyranny ; it should n't be a difficult choice .
MAPS ( Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies ) is a membership - based organization working to assist psychedelic researchers around the world design , obtain governmental approval , fund , conduct and report on psychedelic research in humans .
Founded in 1986 , MAPS is an IRS approved 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit corporation funded by tax - deductible donations .
MAPS is now focused primarily on assisting scientists to conduct human studies to generate essential information about the risks and psychotherapeutic benefits of MDMA , other psychedelics , and marijuana , with the goal of eventually gaining government approval for their medical uses .
Interested parties wishing to copy any portion of this publication are encouraged to do so and are kindly requested to credit MAPS including name and address .
The MAPS Bulletin is produced by a small group of dedicated staff and volunteers .
Your participation , financial or otherwise , is welcome .
At a fundraiser last week President Bush admitted that his friends in big business “ got drunk ” on all “ these fancy financial instruments ” , and now have “ a hangover ” .
Is Bush actually realizing that throwing money at large corporations might not have been the best thing for him to do for the last 7 years ?
By the way , need we point out that Phil Gramm ( McCain ’s chief financial advisor until last week ) was largely responsible for making those drunken crazy - making “ fancy financial instruments ” legal ?
Does that make him the person who bought the alcohol for Wall Street ’s drunken party ?
And as a side note , Bush also mentioned that Laura is looking to move from Crawford to Dallas .
As Daily Kos asks , does this mean that his ranch was merely a political prop ?
Note : if this video stops working , try here .
Apple ’s iPhone Remote application is great .
It ’s so convenient to control an entire iTunes library — and any AirTunes speakers — from any iPhone or iPod touch .
But instead of telling you how great it is I ’d rather take the time to request that Apple add the Remote app ’s interface improvements to the iPhone ’s native iPod interface .
In my opinion , the native iPod interface on the iPhone / iPod touch no longer makes it the best iPod ever .
The Remote app ’s interface supersedes it .
Let ’s take a look .
Playlists .
Below are listings of playlists from the native interface ( top ) and the Remote app :
The latter is more useful .
Not only because it displays the number of items in each playlist , but also because it displays the lists ’ icons .
Currently , when you sync a playlist to an iPod it does n’t retain the icon for being a folder , smart playlist , etc. , but I find it useful to know this information .
Song Listings .
Below is a song listing for a selected playlist in each interface :
What a difference .
Two changes make the latter much more useful .
The artist is listed below each song .
This is huge for me when I ’m in a playlist and want to scroll to a specific artist .
The way I do it now is by recognizing artist ’s song names to see where I am in the alphabet , which is cumbersome .
There is a line of dots along the right side for quick scrolling .
You can scroll the usual way , of course , but now can also run your finger up and down this line for rapid movement .
Wonderful !
Some of my playlists are quite large , and these easier methods to keep track of the artists and scroll in a playlist are incredibly useful to me .
Search .
There ’s another great new interface improvment in the Remote app :
Search !
I ’d love to have this on the iPhone right now .
Hit the button , type in your artist , song , or whatever and you get the same live updates as you do in iTunes on the computer :
Finally …
I strongly suspect these interface improvements are because the Remote app was designed to navigate an entire iTunes library .
The native interface would fall well short of that function for anyone with even a moderately - sized library .
In other words , the improvements were necessary to make the Remote app a lot more useful than it would have otherwise been .
However , having created these interface improvements , I hope Apple brings them to the native interface as well .
My iPhone has only 750 songs ( 8 GB , but I use high - quality encoding for larger files ) and I could still make full use of these .
I ’m already frustrated by their absence when using the iPhone ’s native controls .
And if I hold out for a 32 GB iPhone — which I ’d like to do — I ’ll have four times the music and the current interface will be even more of a hindrance .
Truth is , after using the Remote app for only two weeks the iPhone ’s native media interface looks almost primitive to me .
QR Code Link to This Post
I pushed it into a bike shop recently to have the rear wheel trued .
At the bottom of my receipt it read , ' My advice , get a new bike . '
So , I am .
And maybe you are too !
He was reserved enough not to use the words ' death ' or ' trap , ' but I 'm not !
The frame is probably an old Raleigh that could have been worth something .
It 's rattlecanned and chipping rapidly .
The paint is almost completely gone where my car 's bike rack grips .
There are , however , parts of the bike that are still entirely painted .
Looking a little deeper , the headset is completely fucked .
Unless you can ride a unicycle , you can't ride this bike with no hands .
I 'm expecting something terrible to happen in the headset in the next few rides that will pitch me onto the pavement .
For the right price , this could be you !
Also , the pedals were never supposed to house toe cages .
So , the cages are kind of ruined and inoperable .
Sometimes when I 'm skidding , my front foot will almost slip out and I 'll get all wobbly before righting myself .
During these moments , my eyes are usually plate - wide with terror .
This could be your terror !
There are still front and rear brakes installed , because it was always kind of a half - assed conversion .
These could definitely be removed , though .
The bike shop guy even tightened up the rear brakes for me .
You could be the only fixie rider in SF with fully functional rear brakes .
But the brake cables are also completely shot , so I would n't count on it .
The handlebar tape is falling off and one of the plugs is missing .
Also , I do n't remember what kind of cranks are on it but the pedals are super long .
Every now and then when you 're riding they slam off the ground and get more ruined .
Again , there 's some aspect of terror here .
The gear ratio is 52/20 .
The rear tire is flat and the Presta valve is broken off .
This bike is what my brother affectionately refers to as a ' time bomb . '
Why ?
Because there 's no track hub or cog .
Actually , there 's a freewheel with loctite in it .
So far , I 've been able to learn how to ride fixed on this setup without it falling apart .
But someday it will .
And when it does , someone is going to get fucking screwed .
I paid $ 80 for it 8 months ago in Buffalo .
Considering we 're in San Francisco , the asking price is $ 350 .
I think that 's only fair .
Nuclear power is being shunned .
It ’s not surprising , after the serious accident at Chernobyl in 1986 that made the Russian city ’s name synonymous with disaster .
The potential exists for more of the same and many countries have given up on nuclear power altogether .
But in other countries , they ’ve been able to make it work .
In France , for instance , about 75 percent of electricity is generated from nuclear power .
Worldwide , it provides 17 % of our energy .
The US has not brought a new plant online since 1996 yet still generates 788.6 billion kilowatt - hours ( KWh ) yearly – almost 20 % of the US total – accident free .
Nuclear power is like a handgun .
It ’s the people handling it who are dangerous .
But there is one big difference : with a handgun , you shoot a few people at most .
A reactor accident could wipe several hundred square miles – permanently .
But all technologies start out crawling before they can walk or even run .
The nuclear scientists have been working on the safety problems and already may have solved them .
Danger aside , what makes nuclear power attractive ?
It ’s competitive or cheaper than other forms of power generation .
It ’s easy to build compact plants that generate hundreds if not thousands of megawatts – something wind and solar can never hope to match .
See the chart below to compare energy generation costs .
Image source : http://www.uic.com.au/nip08.htm
Compared with coal , still used to produce 50 % of the US electricity needs , nuclear is clean .
It creates no greenhouse gases .
Its waste , although highly toxic , is compact and when handled correctly , safe .
Uranium , the fuel reactors use , is widely available in the continental US and Canada .
Australia has the largest known reserves .
This makes it unlikely rouge states can affect supply .
Stable supply means lower long - term costs – especially when compared with oil and gas fired plants which are now producing about 20 % of US electricity .
Reactor designs such as the Canadian CANDU can be very safe and less expensive to build than most reactors in use today .
One drawback to this design , unfortunately , is its ability to produce weapons grade plutonium as a byproduct .
On the plus side , it can use unenriched uranium – about .07 % uranium 235 .
Regular plants require between 2 % and 7 % uranium 235 in reactor fuel to run properly .
Physicists and engineers at Beijing 's Tsinghua University have made the first great leap forward in a quarter century , building a new nuclear power facility : a pebble - bed reactor ( PBR ) – sometimes also known as a Pebble Bed Modular Reactor ( PBMR ) .
This reactor is small enough to be assembled from mass - produced parts and cheap enough for emerging economies .
Its safety is a matter of physics , not operator skill or reinforced concrete .
This reactor is meltdown - proof .
What makes it so safe is the fuel : instead of conventional fuel rods made of enriched uranium , PBRs use small , pyrolytic graphite coated pebbles with uranium cores .
As a PBR reactor gets hotter , the rapid motion of atoms in the fuel decreases probability of neutron capture by U - 235 atoms .
This effect is known as Doppler Broadening .
Nuclei of heated uranium move more rapidly in random directions generating a wider range of neutron speeds .
U - 238 , the isotope which makes up most of the uranium in the reactor , is much more likely to absorb the faster moving neutrons .
This reduces the number of neutrons available to spark U - 235 fission .
This , in turn , lowers heat output .
This built - in negative feedback places a temperature limit on the fuel without operator intervention .
PBRs use high - pressure helium gas , not water , for cooling .
Reactors have been “ run dry ” – without cooling gas .
Result : they simply stabilize at a given temperature – lower than the pebbles ’ shell melting point .
No meltdown can occur .
PBR from www.pbmr.co.za
South Africa may have the most modern PBR on the drawing board .
With the help of German scientists – acknowledged leaders in the field - they have planned to build several reactors within the next five years .
Images in this article come from their design .
The reactor core is a bin of uranium fuel pebbles .
Each tennis ball - sized pebble is rotated and / or checked for reactivity by removing them from the bottom of the funnel shaped reactor core .
Spent pebbles are replaced by adding new ones at the top of the stack .
Used ones that are still reactive also go to the top of the bin .
The reactor can be re-fueled without stopping power production – not possible in conventional rod reactors which requires a full shut down .
Pebbles , because of their round nature , allow the cooling gas to be introduced at the bottom and pass freely through the stack .
The heated gas is removed to perform work like spinning a turbine to generate electricity then recycled in a closed loop back to the reactor core .
PBRs use helium , which has high thermal conductivity and inertness ( read : fireproof and noncorrosive ) for cooling .
This makes them more efficient at capturing heat energy from nuclear reactions than standard reactor designs .
The ratio of electrical output to thermal output is about 50 % .
Reactor Interior – pebbles in red : www.eskom.co.za/ nuclear_energy / pebble_bed / pebble_bed.html
The high - temperature gas design also has a silver lining – it can produce hydrogen .
Think about that – fuel cell vehicles need expensive - to - produce hydrogen to run on – this reactor could make hydrogen as a byproduct .
Generation of hydrogen has been the biggest stumbling block to it adoption as a clean fuel .
Hydrogen , found primarily in water , is expensive to extract as a gas .
While the technical problems of handling , storage and use as fuel are largely solved , the high energy cost to produce hydrogen has made it an energy transport medium , not a source .
These new reactors run at high temperatures which are perfect for cracking abundant water or helium gas into hydrogen which can then be used as a green fuel – burning hydrogen just produces water vapor .
PBRs could produce cheap hydrogen that could be piped to areas of need or used in the local communities .
Plant sites are much smaller than traditional nuclear power plants .
Their modular design allows for smaller plants that can grow with needs .
A single PBR reactor would consist of one main building covering an area of about 1,300 square meters – less than half a football field .
It would be about 42 m high ( 6 stories ) , some of it below ground level .
Billion dollar steel reinforced concrete containment vessels are not required – any coolant leak would be in the form of nonradioactive helium gas which would quickly disperse with out causing any ill effects .
Internal functioning with cooling diagram : www.eskom.co.za/nuclear_energy/pebble_bed/pebble_bed.html
Fuel Spheres : www.eskom.co.za/nuclear_energy/pebble_bed/pebble_bed.html
Each PBR would produce between 100 and 200 MW – small , in comparison to light and heavy water reactors which typically product around 1,000 MW .
But they could easily be scaled up by adding reactors .
Ten PBR reactors producing 1,100 MW would occupy an area of no more than three football fields .
Each PBR could serve about 30,000 to 40,000 homes .
Control rooms - much simpler than standard ones - would have a few PCs and extra monitors instead of banks of valves and dials .
Each control room could monitor and manage up to 10 reactors .
One of the key features to this technology , especially important in China where energy demand is exploding , is its modular nature .
While conventional reactors in operation today are all one of a kind – although many are based on the same designs – PBR reactors could de built with standard rail - movable components .
When a new power plant is needed , they simply load the parts on a train with a construction crew and can have it delivering power in short order .
Traditional plants in the US were sunk principally by long construction times and cost overruns , not environmental regulations .
Nuclear waste disposal has become a hot - button issue .
Standard nuclear waste is very radioactive for 10,000 years or more .
It must be transported to and stored in special containment facilities – normally underground .
It can also be reprocessed but this is costly and technically difficult .
There are only 3 reprocessing facilities worldwide : Thorpe in England , Cogema in France and Myakrt1 Chemical Combine in Russia .
Far away from most of the world that needs clean , inexpensive power .
Fuel pebbles have 4 caps of containment built in .
Many authorities consider pebbled radioactive waste stable enough it can be safely disposed of in geological storage – without any additional shielding or protection .
Even in tests where pebbles were exposed to very high heat without coolant for long periods , they showed no outward damage .
If one did manage to break a pebble it would only release one tiny ( 0.05 mm ) uranium dioxide particle .
This particle is too heavy to be wind borne and so could not be blown into other areas like the fallout from the explosion at Chernobyl .
PBR proponents state they plan to store all waste products on the plant site – avoiding costly and dangerous radioactive material movement .
Even with the long term radioactivity and highly toxic nature of nuclear waste , some environmentalists are voicing support for nuclear energy .
James Lovelock , well known green activist and creator of the Gaia hypothesis that Earth is a single self - regulating organism , published a plea to phase out fossil fuels .
Nuclear power , he argued , is the best short term hope for averting climatic catastrophe :
" Opposition to nuclear energy is based on irrational fear fed by Hollywood - style fiction , the Green lobbies , and the media . …
Even if they were right about its dangers - and they are not - its worldwide use as our main source of energy would pose an insignificant threat compared with the dangers of intolerable and lethal heat waves and sea levels rising to drown every coastal city of the world .
We have no time to experiment with visionary energy sources ; civilization is in imminent danger and has to use nuclear , the one safe , available energy source , now , or suffer the pain soon to be inflicted by our outraged planet . "
- From the London Independent – May , 2004
Nuclear power , shunned after so many years , may be ready for resurgence .
For some countries , like China , it may offer the only hope to meet its energy needs of its billion plus population in the 21st century .
Indeed , they already have the first 10 MW test reactor up and running .
By Philip Dunn , Copyright 2005 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Nuclear plants in Arabian Sea face tsunami risk
To avoid floodings on typhoon season , the city of Saitama in Japan features an impressive storm sewer system .
Its construction started in 1992 , and its composed by giant concrete silos ( 65 m tall , 32 m wide ) connected by 6.4 km of underground tunnels 50 m below the surface .
It also has a giant tank : 25.4 m tall , 177 m long and 78 wide , with 59 concrete columns .
This impressive structure is opened for tourists .
More pictures and videos below .
Be sure to check out the truck being lifted through the sewer !.
Official website here .
Seen at Plataforma Urbana .
IMAGES COPYRIGHT 2005 EDOGAWA RIVER OFFICE , ALL RIGHTS RESERVED .
Dead Victims of the Drug War
As this violent and tragic Drug War rages on ,
may each of these martyrs instead Rest in Peace .
John Adams
( 1938 - 10/4/2000 )
Lebanon , Tennessee A 62 - year - old African - American man was shot and killed by five white police officers after they burst through the front door of his home at 10:00 p.m. on a Wednesday night .
It turned out their search warrant for drugs was erroneous :
It should have been written for the house next door .
Juan Mendoza Fernandez
( 1940 - 9/28/2000 )
Dallas , Texas A 60 - year - old man shot and killed by Irving police serving narcotics search and arrest warrants at his West Dallas home thought officers were burglars trying to force their way inside , members of his family said .
He and his wife had been married about 36 years and had four children and 13 grandchildren .
Alberto Sepulveda
( 1989 - 9/13/2000 )
Modesto , California
An 11 year old child is " accidentally " shot in the back and killed by a SWAT officer during a federal drug raid .
Father declares innocence .
( Photo montage courtesy of Don Beck . )
For historical background on SWAT actions , see op - ed by Sharon Dolovich .
Peter McWilliams
( 1950 - 6/14/2000 )
Laurel Canyon , California
This courageous medical cannabis user and renowned author was forced to stop using the only substance which eased some of his symptoms of AIDS , cancer and chemotherapy treatments .
Although medical use of cannabis is allowed by the laws of his state , his mother and brother had put up their homes as bonds while McWilliams awaited federal sentencing on cannabis cultivation charges , and those bonds would have been forfeited if he tested positive .
Without cannabis , he was unable to control his nausea , and ultimately he choked to death on his own vomit .
Patrick Dorismond
( 1974 - 3/16/2000 )
Manhattan ,
New York
An unarmed Haitian father of two children is shot by a seedy - looking undercover narcotics officer after angrily refusing to help the cop buy drugs .
( It was intended to be a " buy - bust " operation . )
Ironically , the victim worked as a uniformed security guard and had told his family that he hoped one day to become a police officer .
Ismael Mena
( 1944 - 9/29/1999 )
Denver , Colorado
This 45 - year - old father of nine was killed in his bedroom by SWAT team members who stormed the wrong house .
Mario Paz
( 1934 - 8/9/1999 )
Compton , California A 65 - year - old Latino a father of six and grandfather of 14 , Mario Paz , was asleep with his wife in their home at 11 p.m. one August night when 20 members of the local SWAT team shot the locks off the front and back doors and stormed inside .
Moments later , unarmed Mario Paz was dead , shot twice in the back , and his wife was outside , half - naked in handcuffs .
The SWAT team had a warrant to search a neighbor 's house for drugs , but Mario Paz was not listed on it .
No drugs were found , and no member of the family was charged with any crime .
Pedro Oregon Navarro
( 1975 - 7/12/1998 )
Houston , Texas
In a hail of 33 bullets , a 23 year old father of two children is shot 12 times , including 9 times in his back , by six HPD officers in a no- knock home invasion without a warrant .
No drugs were found in the victim 's apartment , and tests found no traces of alcohol or any other drugs in his body .
All six officers were later exonerated .
Esequiel Hernandez
( 5/14/1979 - 5/20/1997 )
Redford , Texas
While shepherding his family 's goats , this 18 year old was stalked and killed by U.S. Marines on border patrol near Redford , TX .
View the extensive memorial photo gallery .
Ramon Gallardo
( d. 1997 )
Dinuba , California
He was shot 15 times by a SWAT team with a warrant for his son .
Rev. Accelyne Williams
( 1919 - 3/25/1994 )
Boston , Massachusetts
This retired minister died of a heart attack 45 minutes after a 13 - member Boston SWAT team executing a drug warrant burst into his apartment , toting rifles and wearing bulletproof vests and shields .
It turned out to be the wrong apartment .
The Boston police commissioner apologized the next day .
( 3/27/1994 Houston Chronicle , page A - 16 )
Gary Shepherd
( 1948 - 8/8/1993 )
Broadhead , Kentucky Gary Shepherd was a Viet Nam veteran who had a crippled left arm from the war .
Shepherd had deep conviction about medical cannabis , which he used to relieve his pain .
He sat in a lawn chair guarding his plants for the six or seven hours of a SWAT standoff , during which time no serious attempt was made to negotiate .
Finally , Shepherd and his long - term companion , Mary Jane Jones , were ordered to put their hands in the air .
As he raised his rifle to comply , police snipers hidden in a corn field shot Gary several times in the head and chest .
Shepherd 's four - year - old son , Jake , was sprayed with his father 's blood .
Donald Scott
( 1931 - 10/2/1992 )
Malibu , California
Within view of his wife , a 61 year old rancher was gunned down by police officers during a home invasion near Malibu , CA .
As they invaded the property , the officers -- with two forfeiture specialists in tow -- had a property appraisal of Scott 's $ 5 million ranch and instructions to seize the ranch if 14 marijuana plants were found .
The officers found no marijuana plants , other drugs or paraphernalia .
It turned out that Donald Scott was bitterly opposed to all drug use .
As part of its centennial celebration , the FBI just released a list of the " Top Ten Myths in FBI History . "
Among other things , the list debunks the silly urban legend that the FBI spies on innocent Americans – you know , like war protestors and people with phones .
" We wo n't have a ' file ' on you unless you 're a spy or terrorist or criminal or are suspected of being one . "
This entry , though , is genuinely reassuring :
Myth # 10 )
The FBI has Nikola Tesla 's plans for a " death ray . "
If you do n’t know the name , Nikola Tesla was a prolific inventor and gifted physicist and engineer – most known for developing the basis for AC power – who was born in Croatia in 1856 and settled in the United States in 1884 .
When Tesla died in New York in January 1943 , his papers – which were thought to include plans for a particle beam weapon , dubbed a
" death ray " by the press – were temporarily seized by the Department of Justice Alien Property Custodian Office ( " alien " in this case means " foreigner , " although Tesla was a U.S. citizen ) .
Despite long - standing reports and rumors , the FBI was not involved in searching Tesla 's effects , and it never had possession of his papers or any microfilm that may have been made of those papers .
Since 1943 , we have told a consistent story to all who have asked .
Reports to the contrary appear to be based on an initial confusion of FBI agents with other government officials – especially Alien Property Office personnel .
These rumors have long been repeated in biographies and articles on Tesla without double - checking the facts as reported in our files .
The death ray has only evil applications , so I 'm relieved that its blueprints are safely stowed with the anti-gravity coil and the tachyon generator at the Alien Property Office .
Over Antwerpen
Antwerpen werd rond 400 na Christus door de Romeinse legionnair Brabo gesticht aan de brede rivier de Schelde .
Vanuit de oude binnenstad wandelen de Antwerpenaren graag naar de Kaaien , aan het eind ligt het sprookjesachtige kasteeltje ‘t Steen van Brabo .
Antwerpenaren zijn rasechte levensgenieters , in centrum en omliggende wijken liggen vele restaurants en gezellige cafees waar het bier rijkelijk vloeit en de gastvrijheid subliem is .
De stad is bezaaid met historische gebouwen , een hoogtepunt is de Onze Lieve Vrouwe kathedraal op de Grote Markt .
Binnen vind je schilderijen van Peter Paul Rubens , misschien wel de beroemdste inwoner ooit van Antwerpen .
Zijn voormalige woonhuis en atelier het Rubenshuis worden druk bezocht .
Liefhebbers van kunst kunnen in de trendy wijk ’t Zuid hun hart ophalen in het Museum voor Schone Kunsten , het Fotomuseum en het MuHKA .
In Zurenborg kan men zich vergapen aan de vele prachtige gevels in art deco en art nouveaustijl .
Modestad Antwerpen biedt veel shopplezier , in de Keyserlei en de Meir met de schitterende Stadsfeestzaal .
Bij het Centraal Station Antwerpen liggen de Antwerper Zoo en de beruchte Diamantbuurt .
Vanaf hier is het slechts 2 uur reizen met de trein naar Rotterdam .
The film has been condemned by several Muslim countries
Jaap de Hoop Scheffer 's comments came after Afghans protested on Sunday against the film being made by far - right Dutch MP Geert Wilders .
The Dutch government has warned Mr Wilders that the film will damage Dutch political and economic interests .
Mr Wilders says the film is about the Koran but has given few details .
In the past , he has called for the Koran to be banned and likened it to Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf .
The project has already been condemned by several Muslim countries , including Iran and Pakistan .
Nato 's secretary general said he was concerned about his troops after the protests against the film in Afghanistan .
" If the [ troops ] find themselves in the line of fire because of the film , then I am worried about it and I am expressing that concern , " he said in a television interview .
' Kick out forces '
On Sunday , hundreds of Afghans took to the streets in the northern city of Mazar - i- Sharif to protest against the film .
Demonstrators burned Dutch flags , and called for the withdrawal of Dutch troops from the Nato force .
The demonstrators say they will step up their protests unless the Afghan government expels the troops .
Mr Wilders is the leader of the Dutch Freedom Party
The protesters also criticised the recent republication of caricatures of the Prophet Mohammad in several Danish newspapers , and called for the withdrawal of Danish troops .
" We do n't want our government to have any diplomatic relations with these two countries , " Maulawi Abdul Hadi , one of the protesters , told the Associated Press news agency .
" We do n't want Danish and Dutch troops in Afghanistan .
They should be kicked out of the Nato forces here . "
Mr Wilders has said he expects his 15 - minute work will be shown in the Netherlands in March and released on the internet .
Dutch authorities have told him he may have to leave the country for his own safety amid reports of death threats .
Submission
Mr Wilders ' film is called Fitna , an Arabic word used to describe strife or discord .
He has said his film will show how the Koran is " an inspiration for intolerance , murder and terror " .
Mr Wilders leads the Freedom Party , which has nine seats in the Dutch parliament .
He has had police protection since Dutch director Theo Van Gogh was killed by a radical Islamist in 2004 .
Van Gogh 's film Submission included verses from the Koran shown against a naked female body .
Former U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker said pressures in financial markets are “ not unique , ” but warned that the Fed ’s recent use of “ long - dormant ” powers may be seen as a precedent for future periods of stress .
Volcker Volcker also alluded to recent signs of improvement in financial markets , saying “ we can welcome ” a little more [… ]
Mr. Mellencamp has caught flak from some of his fans , and the Silverado spot , which has been in heavy rotation on sports broadcasts since it was first shown during last fall ’s World Series , has spawned some controversy .
The ad mixes images of the Statue of Liberty and Rosa Parks with footage from Hurricane Katrina and the Vietnam War .
A columnist at Slate.com called the commercial ’s blend of patriotism and tragedy , in service of selling a product , “ exploitative ” and “ wrong . ”
Image
The singer John Mellencamp in Bloomington , Ind. ; Mr. Mellencamp , who has lived in Indiana all his life , often writes about small - town life .
Credit ... Mark Cornelison for The New York Times
Chain - smoking through an interview in a sprawling suite at the Carlyle Hotel ( he and his wife , the model Elaine Irwin , were upgraded because “ the commode in our first room was broken ” ) , Mr. Mellencamp maintained that the ad ’s downbeat tone was his own decision .
“ Part of the deal I made was : O.K. , I ’ll do this , but I ’m in charge .
Make it look like a John Mellencamp video .
I do n’t want to see ‘ Our Country ’ as rah - rah flag waving .
Let ’s show the flood , let ’s show the war , let ’s show the whole thing .
The fact that they rolled a truck out at the end made no difference to me . ”
Bill Ludwig , chief creative officer of Chevrolet ’s ad agency , Campbell - Ewald , said in a statement that he hoped the campaign would evoke “ the bruises and scars that have shaped our nation . "
One question now is what impact a commercial that has been running for months can have on sales of a new album .
Some executives at Universal Republic , Mr. Mellencamp ’s label , are concerned that the exposure peaked too soon , and that the audience has already tired of the song .
Mr. Mellencamp admits that the situation has put radio programmers “ in a position they ’ve never been in before , ” adding that he never anticipated that the ad would be played so frequently .
“ They sure pounded it , ” he said with a chuckle .
“ I had no idea . ”
“ Our Country ” illustrates one side of “ Freedom ’s Road , ” with its swing - for - the - fences themes exemplified by titles like “ The Americans . ”
The album ’s most striking songs , though , display a more intimate depiction of the small - town life that Mr. Mellencamp , 55 and a lifelong Indiana resident , knows so well .
The acoustic “ Rural Route ” is an account of a crystal meth - fueled murder in which the victim ’s body was found at the edge of his parents ’ property .
Date : Wed , 27 Feb 2008 17:19:52 - 0500 From : Ken Smith < kensmith@FreeBSD.org >
To : freebsd-announce@freebsd.org Subject : [ FreeBSD - Announce ] FreeBSD 7.0- RELEASE
Available Message-ID : <20080227221952.GA14060@myers.cse.buffalo.edu >
--+HP7ph2BbKc20 aGI Content - Type : text / plain ; charset=us - ascii Content - Disposition : inline The FreeBSD Release Engineering Team is pleased to announce the availability of FreeBSD 7.0 - RELEASE .
This is the first release from the 7 - STABLE branch which introduces many new features along with many improvements to functionality present in the earlier branches .
Some of the highlights : - Dramatic improvements in performance and SMP scalability shown by various database and other benchmarks , in some cases showing peak performance improvements as high as 350 % over FreeBSD 6.X under normal loads and 1500 % at high loads .
When compared with the best performing Linux kernel ( 2.6.22 or 2.6.24 ) performance is 15 % better .
Results are from benchmarks used to analyze and improve system performance , results with your specific work load may vary .
Some of the changes that contribute to this improvement are : * The 1:1 libthr threading model is now the default .
* Finer - grained IPC , networking , and scheduler locking .
*
A major focus on optimizing the SMP architecture that was put in place during the 5.x and 6.x branches .
Some benchmarks show linear scaling up to 8 CPUs .
Many workloads see a significant performance improvement with multicore systems .
-
The ULE scheduler is vastly improved , providing improved performance and interactive response ( the 4BSD scheduler is still the default for 7.0 but ULE may become the default for 7.1 ) .
- Experimental support for Sun's ZFS filesystem .
- gjournal can be used to set up journaled filesystems , gvirstor can be used as a virtualized storage provider .
- Read - only support for the XFS filesystem .
-
The unionfs filesystem has been fixed .
- iSCSI initiator .
- TSO and LRO support for some network drivers .
- Experimental SCTP ( Stream Control Transmission Protocol ) support ( FreeBSD 's being the reference implementation ) .
- Much improved wireless ( 802.11 ) support .
- Network link aggregation / trunking ( lagg ( 4 ) ) imported from OpenBSD .
- JIT compilation to turn BPF into native code , improving packet capture performance .
- Much improved support for embedded system development for boards based on the ARM architecture .
- jemalloc , a new and highly scalable user - level memory allocator . - freebsd - update ( 8 ) provides officially supported binary upgrades to new releases in addition to security fixes and errata patches .
- X. Org 7.3 , KDE 3.5.8 , GNOME 2.20.2 . - GNU C compiler 4.2.1 . - BIND 9.4.2 .
For a complete list of new features and known problems , please see the online release notes and errata list , available at : http://www.FreeBSD.org/releases/7.0R/relnotes.html
http://www.FreeBSD.org/releases/7.0R/errata.html
For more information about FreeBSD release engineering activities , please see : http://www.FreeBSD.org/releng/
Availability -------------
FreeBSD 7.0 - RELEASE is now available for the amd64 , i386 , ia64 , pc98 , and powerpc architectures .
The version for the sparc64 architecture will become available in a few days .
Some of the package builds are still in progress .
FreeBSD 7.0 can be installed from bootable ISO images or over the network ; the required files can be downloaded via FTP or BitTorrent as described in the sections below .
While some of the smaller FTP mirrors may not carry all architectures , they will all generally contain the more common ones , such as i386 and amd64 .
MD5 and SHA256 hashes for the release ISO images are included at the bottom of this message .
The contents of the ISO images provided as part of the release has changed for most of the architectures .
Using the i386 architecture as an example , there are ISO images named " bootonly " , " disc1 " , " disc2 " , " disc3 " , " livefs " , and " docs " .
The " bootonly " image is suitable for booting a machine to do a network based installation using FTP or NFS .
The " disc1 " , " disc2 " , and " disc3 " images are used to do a full installation that includes a basic set of packages and does not require network access to an FTP or NFS server during the installation .
To boot into a " live CD - based filesystem " and system rescue mode " disc1 " and " livefs " are needed .
The " docs " image has all of the documentation for all supported languages .
Most people will find that " disc1 " , " disc2 " and " disc3 " are all that are needed if you want to install some packages during the initial install , and just " disc1 " if you prefer to install packages after the initial install is completed .
FreeBSD 7.0 - RELEASE can also be purchased on CD - ROM from several vendors .
One of the vendors that will be offering FreeBSD 7.0 - based products is : ~ FreeBSD Mall , Inc. http://www.freebsdmall.com/
BitTorrent ----------
7.0-RELEASE ISOs are available via BitTorrent .
A collection of torrent files to download the images is available at : http://torrents.freebsd.org:8080/
FTP ---
The primary mirror site is : ftp://ftp.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
However before trying the primary FTP site , please check your regional mirror (s ) first by going to : ftp://ftp.<yourdomain>.FreeBSD.org/pub/FreeBSD
Any additional mirror sites will be labeled ftp2 , ftp3 and so on .
More information about FreeBSD mirror sites can be found at : http://www.FreeBSD.org/doc/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/handbook/mirrors-ftp.html
For instructions on installing FreeBSD , please see Chapter 2 of The FreeBSD Handbook .
It provides a complete installation walk - through for users new to FreeBSD , and can be found online at : http://www.FreeBSD.org/doc/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/handbook/install.html
Updating Existing Systems
-------------------------
An upgrade of any existing system to FreeBSD 7.0 - RELEASE constitutes a major version upgrade , so no matter which method you use to update an older system you should reinstall any ports you have installed on the machine .
This will avoid binaries becoming linked to inconsistent sets of libraries when future port upgrades rebuild one port but not others that link to it .
This can be done with : # portupgrade - faP after updating your system .
Note some of the tools to help with this or the instructions below for FreeBSD Update are not installed by default ( e.g. portupgrade , gpg , or similar tools like portmaster ) .
Updates from Source -------------------
The procedure for doing a source code based update is described in the FreeBSD Handbook : http://www.freebsd.org/doc/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/handbook/synching.html
http://www.freebsd.org/doc/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/handbook/makeworld.html
The branch tag to use for updating the source is RELENG_7_0 .
FreeBSD Update --------------
Starting with FreeBSD 6.3 , the freebsd - update ( 8 ) utility supports binary upgrades of i386 and amd64 systems systems running earlier FreeBSD releases , release candidates , and betas .
Users upgrading to FreeBSD 7.0 from older releases ( in particular , older than 7.0 - RC1 ) will need to download an updated version of freebsd - update ( 8 ) that supports upgrading to a new release .
# fetch http://people.freebsd.org/~cperciva/freebsd-update-upgrade.tgz
Downloading and verifying the digital signature for the tarball ( signed by the FreeBSD Security Officer 's PGP key ) is highly recommended .
# fetch http://people.freebsd.org/~cperciva/freebsd-update-upgrade.tgz.asc # gpg --verify freebsd-update-upgrade.tgz.asc freebsd-update-upgrade.tgz
The new freebsd - update ( 8 ) can then be extracted and run as follows : # tar - xf freebsd - update - upgrade.tgz # sh freebsd - update.sh -f freebsd-update.conf -r 7.0 - RELEASE upgrade # sh freebsd - update.sh -f freebsd- update.conf install
The system must be rebooted with the newly installed kernel before continuing .
# shutdown -r now Next , freebsd - update.sh needs to be run again to install the new userland components , after which all ports should be recompiled to link to new libraries : # sh freebsd - update.sh -f freebsd - update .conf install # portupgrade - faP
Finally , freebsd - update.sh needs to be run one last time to remove old system libraries , after which the system should be rebooted in order that the updated userland and ports will be running : # sh freebsd - update.sh -f freebsd - update .conf install # shutdown -r now For more information , see : http://www.daemonology.net/blog/2007-11-11-freebsd-major-version-upgrade.html
Support -------
The FreeBSD Security Team currently plans to support FreeBSD 7.0 until February 28th , 2009 .
For more information on the Security Team and their support of the various FreeBSD branches see : http://www.freebsd.org/security/
Acknowledgments ----------------
Many companies donated equipment , network access , or man-hours to support the release engineering activities for FreeBSD 7.0 including The FreeBSD Foundation , FreeBSD Systems , Hewlett - Packard , Yahoo ! , Network Appliances , and Sentex Communications .
The release engineering team for 7.0 - RELEASE includes : Ken Smith < kensmith@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering , amd64 , i386 , sparc64 Release Building , Mirror Site Coordination Robert Watson < rwatson@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering , Security Maxime Henrion < mux@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering Bruce A. Mah < bmah@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering , Documentation George Neville - Neil < gnn@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering Hiroki Sato < hrs@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering , Documentation Murray Stokely < murray@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering Marcel Moolenaar < marcel@FreeBSD.org > ia 64 , powerpc Release Building Takahashi Yoshihiro < nyan@FreeBSD.org >
PC98 Release Building Kris Kennaway < kris@FreeBSD.org >
Package Building Joe Marcus Clarke < marcus@FreeBSD.org >
Package Building Erwin Lansing < erwin@FreeBSD.org >
Package Building Mark Linimon < linimon@FreeBSD.org >
Package Building Pav Lucistnik < pav@FreeBSD.org >
Package Building Colin Percival < cperciva@FreeBSD.org >
Security Officer Simon Nielsen < simon@FreeBSD.org >
Deputy Security Officer Peter Wemm < peter@FreeBSD.org >
Bittorrent Coordination Trademark
---------
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation .
ISO Image Checksums -------------------
MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-amd64-bootonly.iso ) = 60ff91f3a0851077a2c335f830e1e028 MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-amd64-disc1.iso ) = 0232f1b6ffde0e3e76034c9f10791acd MD5 ( 7.0 - RELEASE-amd64-disc2.iso ) = 17be33da3bdddfce3b32e697724e021e MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-amd64-disc3.iso ) = 3d001985149acc50a5857626f20ddb93 MD5 ( 7.0 - RELEASE-amd64-docs.iso ) =
b0877e52f08aecd2e70ce86bd1ceb554 MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-amd64-livefs.iso ) = 6 fea83a3679e8ac785c685f0e446788 b MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-i386-bootonly.iso ) = cb4f8d05d07aa74f2038050e53673455 MD5 ( 7.0 - RELEASE-i386-disc1.iso ) = 5f185a688ef2e0db59105e8f439c8620 MD5 ( 7.0 - RELEASE-i386-disc2.iso ) = bb59156b4fc1f9c148095b8c239c827a MD5 ( 7.0 - RELEASE-i386-disc3.iso ) = 44de27d5f6bcdbf14e3db38c84f12348 MD5 ( 7.0 - RELEASE-i386-docs.iso ) = bcf16778ecc73975024a8e6450ee4ba4 MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-i386-livefs.iso ) = abe6773601feda1dc56dade0022fca59 MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-ia64-bootonly.iso ) = 0acd75c4c191609bd5d39428c556f59c MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-ia64-disc1.iso ) = f79c20fcf15d084d1b1bc47023678ecf MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-ia64-disc2.iso ) = 517ae3572002f7deba02f5f35799bcee MD5 ( 7.0 - RELEASE-ia64-disc3.iso ) = 2d6c64c4f3e166e8e329977c94c6ea72 MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-ia64-docs.iso ) = 262a7dda8a7e0747807f1c32c293eb4b MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-ia64-livefs.iso ) = 1b4daa26d5a89130f7e45e85fd1501a7 MD5 ( 7.0 - RELEASE-pc98-bootonly.iso ) = 0359f519b7185b1747524d3a3a433f52 MD5 ( 7.0 - RELEASE-pc98-disc1.iso ) = 90889420c8afc72d8a3dbce45c21c716 MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-pc98-livefs.iso ) = 583e4d51629a0c644495e56eb899b917 MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-powerpc-bootonly.iso ) = ba968855e8ccfcdfce0657cf591307fa MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-powerpc-disc1.iso ) = b553330bd7ccc1683559a6507ab0e304 MD5 ( 7.0-RELEASE-powerpc-disc2.iso ) = bb58530a5b623fad5f55d17cc382cc2d MD5 ( 7.0-RELEASE-powerpc-disc3.iso ) = d1dd0645b24f16aa01e2e3f6c88f189a MD5 ( 7.0- RELEASE-powerpc-docs.iso ) = 84a164f4795894b9bb247ea16c97c645 SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-amd64-bootonly.iso ) = 596bc89d0926fd15ae16d8f3c4c5735289c7553bdac8062284940830c26d2555 SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-amd64-disc1.iso ) = d3b206eb74df7559041dd9054de7352b9a67d4f350e75f433c7fb001bf4b5c6 f SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-amd64-disc2.iso ) = 296e02387794b06992c294450b4c6c07cc6a5530f415901492dcd721809d96b5 SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-amd64-disc3.iso ) = 683545d8768a3f7fa1ae5a2c0f2586e88a09b43b9b1f57da384c30339fd889e5 SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-amd64-docs.iso ) = 6d69c5c27a4e5891fed9a88e5825af803558c14281257bc3b325b00a2a62a966 SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-amd64-livefs.iso ) = 596b5f69d7f2c4e17f66e0fd1306a192cc03a700b0dce3532e95abffd5e5344a SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-i386-bootonly.iso ) = 3184674f1833c7abdc687672188e1189f61d5f7239ba48df584787b8e1d0273 b SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-i386-disc1.iso ) = 7480c74dda9a78805ab0d647b23eb71cac43f4afce83ff65ad9f2019423583af SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-i386-disc2.iso ) = 55c12b9c7239ee22e84594e07736c4b73e5788a6330cd76a199c1b99bd4bea51 SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-i386-disc3.iso ) = 2812afd48559c5b38338eee0697c33b25d9127f60b03eb04c77799ac6523dde0 SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-i386-docs.iso ) = 428fc1d0fc820326be04c673bd8c228fbccd0761d59e50b11dfd8e508820a661 SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-i386-livefs.iso ) = 6ca035fa860f6942b983de628fc1df829c22e7c55a7ab4d0bb342a5c53792f94 SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-ia64-bootonly.iso ) = a133c1acf597dc7a36ec0239cb4aa93ca08e85a95f47f3bad8e9eed4f494928e SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-ia64-disc1.iso ) = 1d2c1de094705f095adf5ffc76e34da3ed8a881409766e5450b22a33a3c8626e SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-ia64-disc2.iso ) = c628e4abfac5f87ea6a0ba899db023b21115ce817620d2a48a261e2af6daae56 SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-ia64-disc3.iso ) = 22b7192b52f7765a5f42fff284fe58eaaad068f2021ddcecbf11b9bd02a3db49 SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-ia64-docs.iso ) = a103f78ab620120c0fc945ad7b07b85c4a182f8e045b17dcfc8ba5faf9d21a88 SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-ia64-livefs.iso ) = 3adcd9e3afd3b52f75b1f4b0c0a02dbb6af4bcbc016b3837bd527a01702af847 SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-pc98-bootonly.iso ) = 8e6ee4327af57ed6ddb3c890c5cc8e8b051bbc51cfa7a1c7cd53bd4685dbc01d SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-pc98-disc1.iso ) = c4ec9b975f68ea7f278462fff0db8f6138d57effa462e3b20035994155e93c4 b SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-pc98-livefs.iso ) = 20f6cc867590798c79716e771abf4c6880452defd5dcd0aed21161d54ab3d40e SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-powerpc-bootonly.iso ) = 86a6398f34e9f933adfd717024dd3eefd4e209f940cc3487c047cb979ec8dbfa SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-powerpc-disc1.iso ) = b75e61be2f3daac9898e61c7e00086fcc039bf894211800bd40335424e5 afc7d SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-powerpc-disc2.iso ) = 69ffdea7850aa2ebd609851ca22dfe2c92d1d7606ac621e99de3b6e2998be553 SHA256 ( 7.0- RELEASE-powerpc-disc3.iso ) = 1f1cacb35e647e3480c120ba19e8b3b55b8d02f98b7672784a5e729ced840a48 SHA256 ( 7.0-RELEASE-powerpc-docs.iso ) = e6c2965dbced365738c7816dfaf47ab2eec450aff2dd8d9ae4ee10d015458785 --+HP7ph2BbKc20
aGI
Content - Type : application / pgp-signature Content - Disposition : inline -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.7 ( FreeBSD ) iD8DBQFHxeIG / G14VSmup/YRAs/tAJ0fmGwuHkfG8pg3ZDo+fr8UqHDcvgCdEX0Y
sRpW9NeeirzEJSPmONtRgVU=
=4oW1 -----END PGP SIGNATURE ----- --+HP7ph2BbKc20aGI--
Want to link to this message ?
Use this URL : < http://docs.FreeBSD.org/cgi/mid.cgi?20080227221952.GA14060>
President Bush has already proven to the world that you can still be a dumbass and gain political support .
Those who think that McCain is Bush part two may just have their proof in this video .
“ I graduated fifth from the bottom of my class , ” he admits .
While president Bush admitted he was a ‘ C ’ student , McCain ’s confession does n’t translate nearly as well .
By today ’s grading scale , he would have been a ‘ D’ student .
Not that good grades in school reflect how successful you are as a president .
I doubt this video would hurt his feelings , seeing that he also happens to be computer illiterate .
Sure , president Lincoln never graduated from public school , yet there ’s no doubt that he was one of the greatest U.S. presidents .
I ’m a firm believer that it takes both book smarts and street smarts to be a good leader .
Still , the way McCain stumbles over the subject makes me wonder if he has either .
I doubt this video would hurt his feelings , seeing that he also happens to be computer illiterate .
For many US veterans , coming home is the hardest fight , reports Martin Evans from Melville , New York .
THE March 2003 image became one of the most iconic of the US invasion of Iraq : that of a bespectacled American soldier carrying an Iraqi child to safety .
The photograph of Joseph Dwyer was used by news outlets around the world .
This 2003 image of Joseph Dwyer carrying a young Iraqi boy to safety had represented a heroic view of the US invasion .
Credit :AP
After being lionised by many as the human face of the US effort to rebuild a troubled Iraq , Mr Dwyer brought the battlefield home with him , often grappling violently with delusions he was being hunted by Iraqi killers .
His internal terror became so bad that , in 2005 , he shot up his El Paso , Texas , apartment and held police at bay for three hours with a nine - millimetre handgun , believing Iraqis were trying to get in .
SOME people , notably Richard Dawkins , an evolutionary biologist at Oxford University , regard religion as a disease .
It spreads , they suggest , like a virus , except that the “ viruses ” are similar to those infecting computers — bits of cultural software that take over the hardware of the brain and make it do irrational things .
Corey Fincher , of the University of New Mexico , has a different hypothesis for the origin of religious diversity .
He thinks not that religions are like disease but that they are responses to disease — or , rather , to the threat of disease .
If he is right , then people who believe that their religion protects them from harm may be correct , although the protection is of a different sort from the supernatural one they perceive .
Mr Fincher is not arguing that disease - protection is religion 's main function .
Biologists have different hypotheses for that .
Not all follow Dr Dawkins in thinking it pathological .
Some see it either as a way of promoting group solidarity in a hostile world , or as an accidental consequence of the predisposition to such solidarity .
This solidarity - promotion is one of Mr Fincher 's starting points .
The other is that bacteria , viruses and other parasites are powerful drivers of evolution .
Many biologists think that sex , for example , is a response to parasitism .
The continual mixing of genes that it promotes means that at least some offspring of any pair of parents are likely to be immune to a given disease .
Mr Fincher and his colleague Randy Thornhill wondered if disease might be driving important aspects of human social behaviour , too .
Their hypothesis is that in places where disease is rampant , it behoves groups not to mix with one another more than is strictly necessary , in order to reduce the risk of contagion .
They therefore predict that patterns of behaviour which promote group exclusivity will be stronger in disease - ridden areas .
Since religious differences are certainly in that category , they specifically predict that the number of different religions in a place will vary with the disease load .
Which is , as they report in the Proceedings of the Royal Society , the case .
Proving the point involved collating a lot of previous research .
Even defining what constitutes a religion is fraught with difficulty .
But using accepted definitions of uniqueness , exclusivity , autonomy and superiority to other religions they calculated that the average number of religions per country is 31 .
The range , though , is enormous — from 3 to 643 .
Côte d'Ivoire , for example , has 76 while Norway has 13 , and Brazil has 159 while Canada has 15 .
They then did the same thing for the number of parasitic diseases found in each country .
The average here was 200 , with a range from 178 to 248 .
Obviously , some of the differences between countries are caused by differences in their areas and populations .
But these can be accounted for statistically .
When they have been , the correlation between the number of religions in a place and how disease - ridden it is looks impressive .
There is less than one chance in 10,000 that it has come about accidentally .
The two researchers also looked at anthropological data on how much people in “ traditional ” ( ie , non-urban ) societies move around in different parts of the world .
They found that in more religiously diverse ( and more disease - ridden ) places people move shorter distances than in healthier , religiously monotonous societies .
The implication is that religious diversity causes people to keep themselves to themselves , and thus makes it harder for them to catch germs from infidels .
Of course , correlation is not causation .
But religion is not the only cultural phenomenon that stops groups of people from mixing .
Language has the same effect , and in another , as yet unpublished study Mr Fincher and Dr Thornhill found a similar relationship there too .
Moreover , their search of the literature turned up work which suggests that xenophobia is linked psychologically with fear of disease ( the dirty foreigner … ) .
Perhaps , then , the underlying reason why there is so much hostility between ethnic groups is nothing to do with the groups themselves , but instead with the diseases they may bring .
This is the essay that overthrew the socialist paradigm in economics , and provided the foundation for modern Austrian price theory .
When it first appeared in 1920 , Mises was alone in challenging the socialists to explain how their pricing system would actually work in practice .
Mises proved that socialism could not work because it could not distinguish more or less valuable uses of social resources , and predicted the system would end in chaos .
The result of his proof was the two - decade - long " socialist calculation " debate .
This edition contains an afterword by Joseph Salerno , who applies the calculation argument to contemporary problems like environmentalism and business regulation :
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook Until now , millions of TV viewers who use reliable rooftop antennas and rabbit ears to get their signal have not been affected by the nation 's transition to digital TV .
That 's about to change .
By Feb. 18 , 2009 , the signals the sets receive will be shut off .
Those old analog channels , which have been used for 60 years , will be reclaimed by the government and auctioned for billions of dollars to other communications services .
The nation 's broadcasters will transmit only digital signals .
MORE : Is your television ready for the digital age ?
And older TV sets will stop working — unless hooked up to cable or satellite systems or an add - on digital tuner .
So far , the focus on the digital TV ( DTV ) rollout has been the spread of high definition .
About 30 % of U.S. homes have digital HDTV sets , which receive the new channels .
But nearly 20 % , or more than 20 million homes , rely strictly on antennas to receive free over - the - air broadcasts .
The National Association of Broadcasters ( NAB ) says another 14.7 million have at least one antenna - powered TV .
Legislators , broadcasters , manufacturers and consumer groups have known about this dilemma for more than a decade .
But as the turn - off date approaches , all are concerned about confusion and a lack of awareness ; the NAB estimates more than 60 % do n't know about the transition .
" This scares me politically .
There is no anger that comes close to the anger of an American that cannot get television , " Sen .
Claire McCaskill , D - Mo. , said at a hearing last month .
Viewers may be adding to the problem by buying new sets that still are n't equipped for digital signals .
" There are risks that consumers are not going to have the information to make the decision that best fits their own viewing and economic needs , " says Consumers Union 's Jeannine Kenney .
As of March , manufacturers must make new TVs digital - ready , even small , inexpensive sets .
But old inventory remains .
Retailers such as Best Buy and Wal - Mart have begun marking sets with consumer warning stickers and posting signs .
Very few are still on shelves , says Wal - Mart spokesman Melissa O'Brien , but the chain has " been preparing for customer education on the big switch . "
The government is offering discount coupons for purchases of add - on digital tuner boxes .
And this fall , the NAB launches a road show to hit 200 cities over 18 months .
By December , stations expect to start running public service announcements .
Groups such as the Leadership Council on Civil Rights and National Hispanic Media Coalition are worried that the poor and elderly are in danger of being left out .
" They may not be going to buy new TVs because they are living on fixed incomes .
Affordability , whether you are talking about upgrading to cable or getting converter boxes , is an issue , " says David Certner of the American Association of Retired Persons .
" We do n't want millions of people with TV sets that do n't work and do n't know what to do . "
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge 1948 AP photo Going away :
Over - the - air broadcast channels will disappear in early 2009 .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
1994
MARCH 30 : Today I turn forty .
I am officially protected by the Age Discrimination in Employment Act .
If I had an employer , I could now sue him if he discriminated against me because of my , ulp , age .
Until now , I 've half believed in one of Vladimir Nabokov 's elegant syllogisms :
Other men die , but I am not other men ; therefore , I 'll not die .
Nabokov died in 1977 .
Every time I look in the bathroom mirror , I see Death , the Eternal Footman ( looking quite proud ) , standing in the shadows behind me , holding my coat , snickering .
I live with my family in my hometown of Omaha .
My selfish genes have managed an immortality of sorts by getting themselves into four delightful children , who are still too young to turn on me .
My wife and I have enjoyed nine years of marriage , what Robert Louis Stevenson called " a friendship recognized by the police . "
I'm Catholic , so as mortality looms on the far side of the middle - age horizon , I seek consolation in my Christian faith and one of its central tenets : belief in the immortality of my soul .
But the lawyer in me also highlights the usual caveats and provisos .
According to the Scriptures , my quality of life after death may depend on my ability to love my fellow man .
This is a big problem .
I forgot to mention that in addition to being a practicing Catholic , I 'm also a practicing misanthrope .
As I see it , my only chance of avoiding eternal damnation is to stay alive until I learn to love other people .
Or until some future pope issues an encyclical providing spiritual guidance for misanthropic Catholics .
NOVEMBER 16 : My second novel , White Man's Grave , is a finalist for the National Book Award .
For at least a day or two , I wonder if I might be able to achieve immortality by writing great literature .
My wife and I fly to the awards ceremony in New York City , where William Gaddis wins the National Book Award in Fiction for A Frolic of His Own .
We return to Omaha , where , instead of reading the Scriptures or A Frolic of His Own , I read Woody Allen , who said , " I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to achieve it through not dying . "
1997
FEBRUARY 23 : I am in the Sheep 's Head Tavern in east London , banging my flagon , bending my elbow , when the evening news comes on the telly over the bar and I learn that Ian Wilmut of the Roslin Institute in Scotland has cloned a sheep named Dolly .
I am not personally acquainted with or fond of any sheep that I would like to see multiplied like loaves and fishes .
Most of what I know about sheep I learned in crowded taverns like this one , banging my flagon , bending my elbow , and listening to off - color bestiality jokes .
I fail to appreciate the significance of Dolly for my own personal immortality .
Flagon .
Elbow .
MARCH 30 : Birthdays seem to be coming every other month or so .
I 'm now forty - three years old .
Still in Omaha ; still a novelist .
At my back , I hear the AARP 's silver - chariot specials drawing near .
AUGUST 4 : My wife and I reform our diets and take up a fitness regimen to shed pounds and replenish our dwindling reserves of vim and vigor .
We hire a sitter for the kids , then jog for almost an hour , and we eat nothing but kale and soybeans for dinner .
We are starving and sore , stretched out in bed and watching the news , when we learn that the world 's oldest living person , Jeanne Louise Calment of Arles , France , died today at 122 years of age .
Jeanne reportedly soaked her food in olive oil at every meal and also rubbed olive oil on her skin every day ; she loved port wine and ate two pounds of chocolate per week ; she smoked cigarettes until she was 120 years old .
AUGUST 5 : We have quit jogging .
The cupboards of our modest Omaha home are lined with bottles of Bertolli extra - virgin olive oil , and UPS brings Godiva chocolates twice a week .
My wife and I begin to experiment with tobacco products .
1998
MAY :
The entire country waits for DNA testing to be performed on the megalosperm of its spermoblastic alpha - male commander in chief .
Believe me , I am no closer to loving my fellow man .
Meanwhile , other cellular developments continue apace , some of which may allow me to prolong my life until people start becoming lovable again .
On top of everything else , I 'm now a screenwriter , not a novelist -- so artistic immortality is completely out of the question .
JULY : Dolly the sheep goes out like a lamb , and in come twenty - two cloned mice -- seven of which are cloned from a single mouse -- created by Ryuzo Yanagimachi at the University of Hawaii .
The news includes experts ' speculations about the practical uses of cloning human beings .
For instance , what if I could create anencephalic ( brainless ) clones of myself and put them in cold storage ?
Then I could harvest fresh hearts and livers to replace the ones damaged by smoking , eating chocolates , and consuming port wine .
Too ghoulish for my tastes ; instead , I resolve to look after my soul , even if it means learning to love my fellow man .
AUGUST 23 : I 'm not the only one with immortality on the brain .
I head to the local bookstore looking for Milan Kundera 's novel Immortality , which is about people like me , who are anxious about mortality .
The store does n't carry Kundera , but it does have a new book called Immortality : How Science Is Extending Your Life Span -- and Changing the World .
Maybe I do n't have to worry about my immortal soul , because on the first page of his book , one Ben Bova tells me just what I want to hear : " The first immortal human beings are probably living among us today .
You might be one of them . "
Bova falls well short of Kundera as a stylist , but his book does explain how my cells age and ultimately die and how it soon may be possible to arrest or even reverse this process .
Biologists at the Geron Corporation have already altered human cells in a petri dish and enabled them to defeat the genetic process of aging by exceeding what is called the Hayflick limit .
In 1961 , biologist Leonard Hayflick discovered that normal human cells divide about fifty times during a normal human lifetime .
It seems that each time my cells divide , the chromosomes and their DNA must be duplicated , but each time this happens , the ends of the DNA ( called telomeres ) are slightly depleted , until gradually they become so short that my cells can no longer make accurate , functional copies of themselves , whereupon I will age and ultimately - - well , that thing that Nabokov said happens to other men will happen to me .
Telomerase is an enzyme that arrests or reverses this shortening process , meaning it may enable my cells to reproduce " young " copies of themselves forever .
How long before telomerase injections are available to arrest aging in human beings ?
My health - insurance provider assists me promptly anytime I need help paying my premiums , but I get placed on hold whenever I call to obtain services or file a claim or ask a question about telomerase .
NOVEMBER : Researchers funded by Geron take stem cells from human embryos and grow them into neurons , muscle cells , and other human tissues .
Meanwhile , researchers from Advanced Cell Technology take a nucleus from an adult human cell and put it into a cow 's denucleated egg cell , converting the ensemble into an embryonic human cell .
Contrary to reports I read in the popular press , the cow - egg experiment is not designed to produce Minotaurs or Homo bovinus .
Researchers used the denucleated cow egg only because of the ban on using the human equivalent for such research .
Rather , the experiment dramatizes the possibility of taking the nucleus from one of my adult human cells and converting it back into a " pluripotent " stem cell , which can be tweaked or " steered " into forming any kind of cells : blood , bone , brain , heart , kidney , or liver .
Because the resulting tissue or organ comes from my own stem cells , all of the rejection complications of organ transplantation vanish .
NOVEMBER 19 : Author Richard Powers observes in a New York Times op - ed , " What we can do should never by itself determine what we choose to do , yet this is the way technolo - gy tends to work . "
I agree with Richard Powers .
But that 's probably because I 'm not sick yet , nor am I in need of an organ replacement .
Yet .
DECEMBER 17 : It happened .
The big one .
In the wee hours of an Omaha dawn , I peer at my computer monitor at The New York Times on the Web , where it is reported that at Kyunghee University Hospital in Seoul , South Korea , researchers have allegedly combined an egg and a cell from a single donor to produce the first stages of a human embryo cloned from a single human being .
This news gives me serious pause , but it 's me I want to live forever , not a clone of me , so I 'm more attracted to the idea of having all the spare parts I need .
As miracles of biotechnology are reported every other week , no one else seems to notice , because we are now a nation of 270 million obsessive - compulsives in the grip of twin autochthonous ideas : sex and perjury .
1999
MARCH 30 : For my birthday ( number forty - five ) , my wife gives me a book , The Age of Spiritual Machines , by Ray Kurzweil , which convinces me that , along with genetics , the biotechnology of my personal immortality may also include computer chips .
Kurzweil spins out the implications of Moore 's Law :
In 1965 , Gordon Moore , an inventor of the integrated circuit and now chairman emeritus of Intel , observed that computer chips seemed to evolve in two - year cycles ; every two years , chip makers were able to fit twice as many transistors on an integrated circuit .
" Since the cost of an integrated circuit is fairly constant , " he said , " the implication is that every two years you can get twice as much circuitry running at twice the speed for the same price .
For many applications , that 's an effective quadrupling of value .
The observation holds true for every type of circuit , from memory chips to computer processors . "
What does Moore 's Law have to do with my immortality ?
First , consider this :
In 1850 , the average American life span was 38 years .
Here in 1999 , 150 years later , it 's 76 years .
Would it be fair to assume that in the next 150 years the human life span will at least double to 150 years , enabling some of us to live until biotechnology is able to confer immortality on us ?
More ( Moore ? ) to the point , most artificial - intelligence experts predict that tissue , especially brain tissue , will merge in the near future with computer chips in the form of neural implants , which are already being used to help profoundly deaf people hear sounds and blind people see patterns of light .
On another front , research indicates that I can extend my life span by as much as 30 percent simply by restricting caloric intake to semistarvation levels of twelve hundred to thirteen hundred calories per day .
I find this new dietary - technology data compelling , but it is probably more impractical than telomerase therapy or growing organs from stem cells because it requires two other major medical breakthroughs that are nowhere on the horizon , namely , willpower and self - discipline .
2009
MARCH 30 : I 'm fifty - five years old .
I do n't write screenplays anymore .
I 'm a content provider for 3 - D multimedia games .
I code in special effects that elevate graphic sex and carnage to high art .
I 'm still applauding biotech breakthroughs , but part of me detests change , a hateful reminder that time is passing .
APRIL 14 : My neighbor celebrates his 112th birthday , even though he never eats chocolate or olive oil and he drinks Jack Daniel 's instead of port .
His longevity would be encouraging , except that his wetware has degraded .
He has three , maybe four anecdotes that play over and over again like digital audio clips : the one about the snowstorm of ' 74 , the one about his ship sinking at Pearl Harbor , the one about how his grandmother knew Abe Lincoln .
I want to assign them variables .
Let 1 = the snowstorm story , let 2 = the Pearl Harbor story , et cetera .
Then our conversations could become more efficient .
He could just say , " One , " and I would understand him perfectly .
MAY 1 : The May issue of BioScience has a huge spread about how telomerase works in mice and monkeys .
I 've signed up for the upcoming human trials of experimental telomerase therapy , but the FDA is dragging its feet on approving the treatment for human beings .
Furthermore , it seems that even if telomerase works in people , it will probably simply arrest my aging process , not reverse it .
MAY 17 : My 112 - year - old neighbor goes in for treatment of his Parkinson 's disease .
Scientists at the med center grow new brain tissue from his stem cells and implant it into the afflicted areas of his brain .
He recovers maybe two or three more stories from his repaired memory banks .
Let 6 = what he was doing when JFK was shot .
Scientists have also used human stem cells to grow skin for burn victims , bone marrow for cancer patients , blood for transfusions , tissue for " natural " breast implants , cartilage for structural repairs , and penile extensions for all those guys who still publicly maintain that size does n't matter .
Every day , I feel the telomeres shortening on each of my hundred trillion fifty - five - year - old cells .
2019
MAY 14 : The FDA has approved my application to receive experimental telomerase therapy .
As such , I am a member of a small group of human subjects carefully selected according to strict medical criteria , meaning each of us has a net worth in excess of eight figures and the ability to pay cash up front without whining about it .
JUNE 13 : According to a piece in The New York Times , 50 percent of the population in Africa still does not have access to potable water , and the infant - mortality rate remains a dismal 20 percent in the first year of life .
Remarkable , but it has little or nothing to do with my own personal immortality .
JULY 17 : Several researchers report that they have grown whole organs from the stem cells of mice and implanted them back into their hosts without complications .
The FDA is waiting for data from several research centers where the same procedures are being performed on primates .
SEPTEMBER 20 : I buy a new computer , which costs me less than a thousand dollars , even though it has the computational ability of an adult human brain .
No sooner do I get the machine out of the box than I get into an argument with it about who is most qualified to run the household .
I tell it to let my wife continue running the household , and it demurs , but I suspect this is a manifestation of the modesty profile built into these new machines .
They are programmed to defer to their owners ' wishes without argument during the first ninety days , but afterward , as their relationships with their users deepen , they eventually challenge and sometimes beat their owners , not only at chess but at poetry , painting , cooking , philosophizing , making conversation , and managing businesses or households .
This has nothing to do with my immortality .
Yet .
But remember Moore 's Law .
My health insurer is still refusing to pay for telomerase therapy because it's " experimental . "
My wife has also begun receiving expensive telomerase therapy , which we pay for out of our retirement funds .
From now on , I will have two ages : an absolute age , measured from my date of birth in 1954 , and a relative age , measured by analyzing my cellular senescence and determining the age at which my cells were prevented from aging further by telomerase therapy .
I will be sixty - five years old for the foreseeable future .
2029
NOVEMBER 16 : My SE ( simulated experience ) titled " Climbing Mount Everest " is a finalist for the National Total Touch Award .
My wife and I travel to the awards ceremony in New York City , where Dick Boeotian wins the 2029 Total Touch Award for his simulation " Rape of the Sabine Women , " based upon the painting of the same name by Nicolas Poussin .
At dinner parties and other social events , my wife and I constantly wonder who is receiving telomerase therapy and who is n't .
There is still a certain cachet attached to those who manage to look young without the help of an enzyme .
But according to New York Times Today , 55 percent of the population is receiving telo - merase , which is still a prescription medicine but is easy to obtain if you 're more than forty years of age .
My NCI ( noncarbon - based intelligence -- what we used to call a computer ) insists I do n't look a day over fifty , but such flattery is frequently followed by a request , most recently for some of the new 10,000 - megahertz RAM cards .
My wife says I spoil the thing .
I admit I 've grown extremely fond of it .
I wonder :
What are the chances I might score afterlife points for loving noncarbon - based life - forms ?
DECEMBER 18 : I complain to my doctor about the age spots on the backs of my hands .
They 've been there since before I was telomerase - arrested .
Am I going to have them forever ?
He explains that researchers are working furiously to come up with a compound that will not only arrest but reverse the aging process .
The problem is that different organ systems and cell types have different Hayflick limits , which must be synchronized if they are to be reversed .
Otherwise , you could conceivably wind up with , say , presidential intellect and the limbic system and sex drive of a nineteen - year - old .
Then what ?
DECEMBER 21 : My oldest son is now forty - three years old .
He qualifies to receive telomerase therapy but has refused to sign up .
Every Sunday afternoon , he and my oldest daughter ( forty - one years old ) treat me to bulletins about how immoral my wife and I are for choosing to live beyond our allotted time in the so - called natural world .
My son and daughter and other working people in their generation are complaining about the taxes they pay to provide entitlements to us , the elderly and telomerase - arrested .
Fortunately , the young are still a political minority , but lately commentators have started interviewing disgruntled military officers who are openly warning of a rebellion .
DECEMBER 28 : I go in for a neuro - upgrade package .
I receive audiovisual implants , including high - resolution retinal displays , so I no longer need an external monitor - - images are displayed directly on my retina .
I also receive communications implants , including direct neural pathways with infrared and photonic ports for high - bandwidth communications with other human beings and other NCIs .
I can see and hear better than the nonimplanted , and I have constant access to wireless , high - bandwidth information services .
The implant upgrades cost me ( and my health insurers ) $ 9.6 million , or nine years ' worth of profits from my privatized Social Security account .
2054
MARCH 30 : For my hundredth birthday ( absolute age ) , I receive a package bomb from a neo -Luddite terrorist group called the Sons of Ted K. Fortunately , my forearm - mounted unit ( networked to the main Total Home Management System ) detected the explosives before I opened the package .
After the bomb squad dismantles the thing , I read the letter , which says : " Die !
We are sick and tired of paying taxes to keep you alive ! "
Eighty percent of the population is over seventy years old .
The government steadfastly maintains that Social Security is solvent , but my son points out that he is taxed at the rate of 75 percent to support medical research , telomerase therapies , organ transplants , and implant upgrades for telomerase - arrested seniors .
JUNE 12 : Congress passes the Omni-bus Reproduction
Act of 2054 , which makes the unlicensed reproduction of carbon - based units of consciousness punishable by two hundred years of enforced sterility .
Rumors surface in the media channels that biotech researchers have discovered synthetic telomerase derivatives that not only halt cellular senescence but also reverse the effects of aging : the fountain of youth .
Sources say that the Bureau of Population is asking Congress to ban the technology because of the effects it will have on dwindling planetary resources .
Meanwhile , all of my golfing buddies and I are trying to find out where we can get some .
SEPTEMBER 12 : Today , my wife and I receive the tragic news that our oldest son has joined a neo -Luddite terrorist group called Darwin 's Army .
He is now hiding out somewhere with other zealot militiamen in Montana and has devoted his life to natural evolution and waging war against technology .
OCTOBER 15 : My wife and I have razor wire and laser detectors installed around the perimeters of our Omaha home .
Darwin's
Army is now paying handsome bounties for the corpses of senior citizens ( defined as anyone telomerase - arrested after age fifty ) , because old people are generally perceived as consuming more than they produce .
2069
FEBRUARY 2 : The unthinkable has happened .
A dear friend of ours , Marvin Furbelow , was captured and destroyed by a terrorist group calling itself the Lud Brigade .
His body was carefully mutilated to ensure total unit failure .
Because most of our friends are telomerase - arrested and have easy access to the newest transplant technologies , we have n't lost someone we knew personally for almost forty years .
Marvin's TUF is an incomprehensible tragedy , and for weeks we cower inside our home .
JUNE 8 : My wife and I get into a big argument about whether I really need a new $ 75 million model 2050 liver transplant or whether I should settle for a model 2040 , which costs only $ 39 million .
I argue that I can pay the difference out of my own pocket , because I 've been hired by the Sense - U - Surround producers to create a total - touch experience about what it 's like to get a new liver grown from my own stem cells and about the angst and intimations of what used to be called mortality that it inspires in transplant recipients .
JULY 23 : I went for the model 2050 , and the operation was an unqualified success .
More than thirty - five million of the world 's ten billion people have had livers grown from their own stem cells and implanted during the last year , so my new total - touch experience , " A Centenarian Gets a New Liver , " is a huge success .
SEPTEMBER 19 : As luck would have it , Oprah was telomerase - arrested the year after I was , and she too has had a liver grown from her own stem cells and implanted .
While she 's recuperating , somebody gives her a copy of " A Centenarian Gets a New Liver . "
Two weeks later , she 's on the air showing the audience how her scars have disappeared and touting " Centenarian " because it makes people stop and think about what it means to get a $ 75 million liver transplant after a century of life .
Does n't it just make you wonder ?
2079
FEBRUARY 3 : I receive a letter , rather , a communiqué , from my son , who is dying , simply because he will not accept telomerase or organ transplants .
I did n't raise him to be mortal , but he just wo n't listen to me .
Instead , he wants me to stop taking telo - merase and rejoin the " natural human race . "
My daughter and my son are both " older , " relatively speaking , than my wife and I , and they have all the crotchets and personality disorders that come with natural aging .
What pains in the ass !
My daughter travels around the country giving speeches to activists and neo-Luddite groups who forswear telomerase and artificial - implant technologies and boycott all artworks created with the aid of artificial intelligence .
Her political party , Natural Way , espouses the belief that mortality is the true human condition and that carbon - based thoughts are better than thoughts created or augmented by electronic or photonic implants .
Global resources are rapidly vanishing , even though Con Archer is successfully creating and marketing artificial foods consisting of nano - engineered proteins .
Darwin's Army and the Sons of Ted K. now have members in the House of Representatives , and several senators , when pressed , confess they used to belong to these organizations , but only to fight for the nutritional rights of
the oppressed .
Youth rallies are all over the media channels .
Young people claim to have heightened awareness and ecstatic visions inspired by the natural condition of mortality .
NOVEMBER 13 : I go in for more liver scans and tests .
It seems there 's another hepatic - malfunction problem .
" Already ? " I scream .
" Ca n't a guy get decent livers anymore ? "
When the specialists huddle around me wearing 3 - D headsets and do a walk - through tour of my liver at the cellular level , I hear stray remarks about port - wine damage , but I suspect these doctors simply want to sell me a new liver .
Finally , my hepatogastroenterologist gets straight to the point : " How much port wine do you drink ? "
Maybe I could fudge a little ?
Probably not , because I know the next question out of his mouth will be , " How many liver transplants have you had ? "
2099
I watch the end - of - the - century specials on my retinal displays , including a six - part tribute to the prophet Ray Kurzweil , who appears to be even further telomerase - reversed than I am .
He looks like a nineteen - year - old .
He looks fabulous !
For decades , my wife has adamantly insisted that she was not the least bit jealous of my Series IV Aphrodite Pleasure Partner .
Therefore , I am speechless when I discover a Series VIII Adonis Pleasure Partner hidden in the back of her wardrobe .
Even under magnification , Adonis 's skin looks real , and he knows more about designing total - touch environments than I do .
I fly into a jealous rage .
I disconnect his power supply and begin ripping out his biocircuitry by the handful .
I am prosecuted in federal district court for murder of a conscious artificial life - form .
I plead not guilty , and my lawyer unsuccessfully argues that I did not intend to destroy Adonis ; I was merely " reverse - engineering " him .
My neuropsychiatrist , Dr. Wright , suggests a whole - brain transplant to rectify my deviant mental processes .
Biotechnicians grow a brand - new brain from my stem cells and then format it using ultra- high - resolution transcranial magnetic stimulation , a new technique that creates almost twice the density of memory clusters and quarters seek times .
My consciousness and my memories are uploaded to a Ronco neural network server .
All of my artificial electronic and photonic implant technologies are removed .
I am placed on neuro bypass .
My original brain is explanted and replaced with a fresh , disease - free brain grown from my original adult neural stem cells .
As they surgically remove my old brain , I am essentially conscious inside the machine .
While the neurosurgeons and transcranial - magnetic - formatting experts prepare my new brain for implanting , they also shave my old brain into microthin slices , then scan them and compare them with the data they 've uploaded to the neural network server .
I 'm a little nervous because it seems that no one has saved my consciousness to the server 's nonvolatile memory .
I 'm still being sustained only in the server 's RAM .
I send a message onto the screen in big letters : save me to hard memory .
i'm still only in ram .
One of the technicians , a rakish , younger - looking fellow with an apparent bad attitude , scowls at the message , then looks over his shoulder at the surgeons and the other technicians .
I do n't like that devilish look in his eye .
His badge identifies him as J. Albrecht , neuro - bypass technician , but I suspect he may be a member of Darwin 's Army or the Sons of Ted K. , or maybe he just hates his job .
He looks over his shoulder again , then reaches out a finger to the power switch of the Ronco server .
I send 3 - D projections at him the size of Times Square high - definition billboards , saying , no !!!
help !!!
do n't touch that switch !!!
Instead of seeing my life flash before my eyes , I do a term search for " death prevention " or " total - unit - failure recovery " in the hopes of finding a protocol or an event procedure that will save me .
But the search turns up Emily Dickinson :
Because I could not stop for Death --
He kindly stopped for me --
The Carriage held but just Ourselves --
And Immortality .
We slowly drove -- He knew no haste
And I had put away
SAVE " My labor " and
SAVE " my leisure " too ,
For His Civility = 1 , 2
IF at recess -- in the ring -- THEN
WHILE ( children strove )
We passed the School ,
END WHILE
ELSE WHILE
We passed the Fields of Gazing Grain --
END WHILE
ELSE WHILE
We passed the Setting Sun --
END WHILE
We = paused
DO we = 1 , paused
CONTINUE
before $ ( a House that seemed )
data1 / A Swelling of the Ground --
data2 / The Roof was scarcely visible --
data3 / The Cornice -- in the Ground --
53696E6365207468656E2D607469732043656E7475726965732D616E6420796574 4665656C732073686F72746572207468616E207468652064617949206669727374207375726D697365642074686520486F72736573602048656164735765726520746F7761726420457465726E6974792D .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Would n’t it be grand if , on Tuesday night , just as the All - Star game was getting underway , an unrelenting thunderstorm blanketed New York City and forced the postponement of this annual parade of sports celebrities ?
Sorry to be a killjoy , but after listening to promos on ESPN , Fox and YES for the exhibition contest this past month , I ’m tempted to watch a movie or one of those obscure Japanese channels on cable rather than endure the endless teary - eyed tributes to Yankee Stadium that have consumed more airtime than even the presidential campaign .
I ’m as sentimental about the history of baseball as the next schlub , and have seen more games at the Stadium than any other ballpark , but aside from the well - deserved tribute to late Bobby Murcer — who was unfortunate enough to be dubbed the second coming of Mickey Mantle and played for the Yanks during their blessed fallow period in the mid-late 60s and early 70s — the continuous blather about the final season at one of America ’s great “ cathedrals ” that ’s guaranteed to be spewed that night promises to be nauseating .
Unlike the demolition of Shea Stadium , which is a dump where the only seats that wo n’t cause a crick in your neck are directly behind home plate , there was no reason for the Yanks to move across the street except for the extraordinary new stream of revenue it ’ll bring the Steinbrenner family .
When the new Yankee Stadium opens next year — a replica of the current one — the only difference for fans will be the increased cost of attending a game , with prices so high that going to a ballgame will nick your wallet more than a Broadway play .
In The New York Sun last week , Thomas Hauser put this grab for dollars — and let ’s not forget that New York taxpayers will bear some of the brunt — into perspective .
He wrote : “ The original stadium once seated 71,699 fans for baseball .
Its current capacity [ after a facelift in the mid-70s ] is 57,545 .
The new stadium will accommodate 55,000 [ actually a few thousand less ] .
More significantly , it will be constructed in a way that positions the most expensive suites at field level .
That ’s like the Vatican tearing down St. Peter ’s Cathedral to build a new house of worship with a Jumbotron and luxury pews .
The new Yankee Stadium will have 1,800 ‘ legends ’ seats at prices ranging from $ 2,500 to $ 5,000 per seat per game .
Those prices are obscene . ”
I certainly have nothing against the profit motive , and although owner George Steinbrenner was in his heyday an often entertaining tabloid buffoon , give him credit for spending millions upon millions not just for the sake for attendance totals but because he wanted to the Yanks to win every year , which is what one would expect from a wealthy man who acquired a franchise as the fulfillment of a childhood dream .
What sticks in my craw is that building a new Yankee Stadium is just so unnecessary : sure , the current venue could be spruced up — hiring a new , and better - paid , fleet of enthusiastic concession stand employees would be an immense improvement , since right now you can miss two innings standing on line for a beer and pretzel — but with over four million spectators watching the Yanks play every year now , you ’d think this could be done without passing down the cost to already - strapped customers .
Hauser ’s mostly correct when he says , “ The new Yankee message is n’t ‘ bring your kids . ’
It ’s ‘ bring your clients . ’ ”
There ’s nothing sinister or modern about conducting business at a ballgame : salesmen making pitches to potential clients who happen to be sports fans makes a lot of sense .
In fact , when I owned the weekly New York Press , we sprung for season tickets and the investment — about $ 15,000 — was recouped by the successful wooing of new advertisers by the end of May , a most pleasant set of circumstances .
Yet one of the glories of Yankee Stadium , even in the 1990s , was the congregation of a legitimate mixture of people from all sorts of backgrounds .
You ’d see , all in one section , guys in suits trying not to get mustard on their ties along with wholesome families , bare - chested youths with “ Jeter Rules ” painted on their bodies and older New Yorkers , scorecards in hand , who might engage in conversation about seeing Joe DiMaggio ’s graceful defense in center field or seeing Phil Rizzuto on the subway before a game .
Maybe this is alarmism run amok , but if the reports about outrageous ticket prices are correct , it ’s possible that in the future Yankee Stadium will be populated by the elite alone , which pretty much sucks .
And , just like the Boston fans who ’ve been priced out of Fenway Park and flock to other stadiums to see the Sox play , displaced Yankee diehards will be on the move as well .
The final year at Yankee Stadium — and as the Daily News ’ Mike Lupica pointed out today , it ’s no longer “ The House That Ruth Built , ” but rather “ The House That Mayor [ John ] Lindsay Rebuilt
In the 1970s ” — is a manufactured gift to the Steinbrenners by the media , with increased television ratings because sometimes the public are sucker - bait lemmings .
The only reason for constructing “ The House That Jeter Built ” is to provide ostensible justification for outlandish prices for corporate sites , general admission seats and $ 11.95 dogs .
What consumers get from this one - sided deal are slightly more comfortable chairs , more bathrooms and a juiced - up sound system for ubiquitous Beach Boys and Aerosmith songs that ’ll increase your headache between innings .
As someone who grew up on Long Island and later on lived for 16 years in Lower Manhattan , I ’m not a heartless bastard who ’s bereft of fond Stadium memories .
One summer day in 1966 , my dad skipped work at his car wash and we sat in two - dollar bleacher seats and relished another Yankee loss , with a Tom Tresh homer giving fans the sole reason to cheer .
I saw Yaz play there in ’ 67 when he carried Boston to an improbable pennant .
And through the years I was verbally — and once physically — abused for daring to wear a Bosox cap at games that were critical in that storied rivalry .
More recently , I remember having tickets for the first home game of the 2001 World Series against the Diamondbacks and , to my older son ’s immense disappointment , giving them away .
It was n’t long after 9/11 , of course , and there just was n’t any way I ’d risk a possible terrorism attack on the subway to the Stadium for a baseball game .
As it happened , one of my older brothers did arrive on time that night for the contest , but left after a half hour because the security lines were too long .
My family is going to attend a Sox game at the Stadium at the end of August , but it ’s more an excuse for a visit to the city than any desire to see the “ cathedral ” one more time .
With any luck — not that I ’m counting on it — the 2008 Yanks wo n’t make the playoffs and the Steinbrenners will be forced to choke on their avarice when the team plays the last home game of the season on Sept. 21 against the Orioles .
That would be a fitting finale to this unseemly chapter in baseball history .
Intel announced that it would be releasing its first quad - core processor for laptops next month .
" We 're bringing quad - core to mobile in August , " said Sujan Kamran , regional marketing manager for client platforms at Intel in Singapore .
Kamran declined to disclose specifics of the quad - core chip , which will carry Intel 's Core 2 Extreme moniker .
While the article goes on to say that quad - core " is more about bragging rights than a genuine boost in performance " , Apple is working on their next revision of Mac OS X ( Snow Leopard ) which is expected to specifically focus on multi-core performance .
It 's not clear if Apple would use such a chip in their MacBook Pros , which currently use Dual - Core mobile processors from Intel .
Apple also uses the Intel 's mobile processors in their iMac .
The " Core 2 Extreme " version of the mobile chip typically draws more power which may prevent it from finding its way into the MacBook Pro initially .
London - based research and design company SolarLab is developing a solar - powered rickshaw .
The vehicle , which is due to be launched next year , will derive up to 75 % of its power from photovoltaics mounted on its roof , and the rest from pedal power .
Here 's some info from SolarLab :
--
SOLARCAB /RICKSHAW
As a London - based company , we understand the tangible effects of pollution and congestion in our city .
Our solar rickshaw will offer a radical transport solution for tourists and residents of any major metropolis .
More importantly , our design is modular enabling easy conversion to load - bearing vehicles for inner city logistics and supply - chain requirements .
We have a vision of reducing C02 emissions in London by up to 2 tons per rickshaw .
The solar generator will create 75 % of the total power need to drive the vehicle , while the remaining 25 % will be provided by the drivers ' pedal - power .
The physical exertion needed will be dramatically less than that of even a standard bicycle , much less a traditional rickshaw , allowing any driver , not just athletes , to drive the vehicles .
Senator Barack Obama stirred his legions of supporters , and raised our hopes , promising to change the old order of things .
He spoke with passion about breaking out of the partisan mold of bickering and catering to special pleaders , promised to end President Bush ’s abuses of power and subverting of the Constitution and disowned the big- money power brokers who have corrupted Washington politics .
Now there seems to be a new Barack Obama on the hustings .
First , he broke his promise to try to keep both major parties within public - financing limits for the general election .
His team explained that , saying he had a grass - roots - based model and that while he was forgoing public money , he also was eschewing gold - plated fund - raisers .
These days he ’s on a high - roller hunt .
Even his own chief money collector , Penny Pritzker , suggests that the magic of $ 20 donations from the Web was less a matter of principle than of scheduling .
“ We have not been able to have much of the senator ’s time during the primaries , so we have had to rely more on the Internet , ” she explained as she and her team busily scheduled more than a dozen big - ticket events over the next few weeks at which the target price for quality time with the candidate is more than $ 30,000 per person .
The new Barack Obama has abandoned his vow to filibuster an electronic wiretapping bill if it includes an immunity clause for telecommunications companies that amounts to a sanctioned cover - up of Mr. Bush ’s unlawful eavesdropping after 9/11 .
VO : alli® is the # 1 doctor recommended OTC weight - loss aid * because it effectively works with your body to help you lose more .
SUPER : # 1 doctor recommended OTC weight loss aid *
Disclaimer : * Among over the counter ( OTC ) weight loss products , based on physician survey December 2018 .
VO : And with alli® , it ’s easier than you think , especially when you know how it works .
VO : Although fat is part of a healthy diet , eating too much can cause you to gain weight .
VO : While reducing fat intake is a really important part of your weight loss journey , using alli® with a reduced calorie , low - fat diet can help you lose that much more .
VO : In fact , for every five pounds you lose with diet alone …
SUPER : Weight loss with diet alone
VO : … alli® will help you lose two to three pounds more .
SUPER : Weight loss with alli®
VO : When you eat a meal that contains fat , enzymes in your digestive system break down the fat into smaller particles that your body absorbs , resulting in weight gain .
SUPER : Fat
SUPER : Enzymes
VO : But when you take alli® before the meal …
SUPER : alli
VO : … it attaches to some of those enzymes and stops about 25 percent of the fat from being digested .
SUPER : Blocks 25 % of fat
VO : This undigested fat passes out of your body naturally , so you absorb fewer calories from what you eat .
VO : alli® works only in your digestive system , but to get the best possible results , you have to do your part .
VO : That means alli® , exercise , and maintaining a reduced calorie , low - fat diet .
VO : That ’s how alli® works .
SUPER : alli®
VO : With your body to help you get to your weight loss goal .
SUPER : With your body
VO : It ’s also why it ’s the only FDA - approved OTC weight loss aid .
SUPER : FDA - approved ( with bursts )
VO : Diet , exercise , and alli® .
Stick with them , and steady , gradual weight loss will be yours .*
SUPER : # 1 Doctor Recommended OTC Weight Loss Aid
DISCLAIMER : * Among over the counter ( OTC ) weight loss products , based on physician survey December 2018 .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , expressing frustration with lawmakers ’ failure to approve a state budget , ordered his administration Thursday to lay off thousands of part - time employees and moved to temporarily slash the pay of most full - time staff .
The governor , a Republican , apologized to state employees , many of whom , he acknowledged , are already struggling in a difficult economy .
But he said he had no choice in the absence of a budget one month into the fiscal year .
“ Our state faces a looming cash crisis , ” Schwarzenegger said .
Nearly 200,000 employees could have their pay cut to the federal minimum wage of $ 6.55 an hour , with full salary reimbursed once a budget is signed .
More than 10,000 lost their jobs Thursday .
Exceptions were made for those deemed too critical to let go for purposes of law enforcement , public health and safety or other crucial services
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger also limited overtime and imposed a hiring freeze .
“ I have a responsibility to make sure that our state has enough money to pay its bills , ” said the governor , who signed an executive order shortly before noon at a news conference in Sacramento .
“ It is a terrible situation to be in .
I do n’t think any governor wants to be in this situation .
. . .
But this is really the only way out at this point . ”
It is far from clear , however , whether the governor can put the salary cuts into effect , or how long it might take .
State Controller John Chiang , a Democrat who was elected to his post , suggested that the governor had overstepped his authority and said he would not cooperate .
Chiang made his statements in a letter to Schwarzenegger and at a Los Angeles news conference .
Chiang disputed the governor ’s interpretation of a 2003 decision by the California Supreme Court that Schwarzenegger says requires most employees to be paid only the federal minimum wage during a budget impasse .
And the controller insisted that the state has enough money to pay its bills through September .
Advertisement
Speaking to 100 union members outside the Ronald Reagan State Office Building in Los Angeles , Chiang called them “ innocent victims of a political struggle . ”
“ The state of California , the elected leadership , cannot put the important public servants of California in harm ’s way , ” he said .
“ We put people first , we make sure we protect their interests , and that ’s why I have to tell the governor , with all due respect , I am not going to comply with this order . ”
The workers , members of Service Employees International Union Local 1000 , were dressed in purple and chanted in protest against the governor ’s move .
“ People are going to get put out of their homes , ” said Debra Martin , a union steward .
“ The governor says he ’s sorry .
. . .
We ca n’t pay with sorry . ”
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger said he would file suit against the controller in court “ if that ’s what it takes . ”
But the governor also expressed hope of signing a budget within days , which would make a battle unnecessary .
Assembly Speaker Karen Bass ( D - Los Angeles ) , calling Schwarzenegger ’s action “ most unfortunate , ” said she was confident a budget compromise would be reached before the end of August , when most employees would feel the effect in their monthly paychecks .
The budget dispute has broken down along party lines .
Democrats have insisted on increasing taxes to help close a $ 15 - billion budget gap .
Republicans are banking on cuts in government services and , like Schwarzenegger , have focused on changing the state budget process to create a more secure rainy - day fund .
Both sides have seemed open to compromise in recent days .
Advertisement
“ We believe budget reform is an essential element , and we also appreciate there may be some tax loopholes that need to be closed , ” said Assemblyman Sam Blakeslee ( R - San Luis Obispo ) .
“ We ’re willing to talk about all those issues . ”
An agreement , if one is reached , will have come too late for the 10,300 part - time , seasonal and occasional employees who Schwarzenegger ’s aides said received pink slips Thursday , without any guarantee of being rehired later .
That is about half of all such state workers .
Derek Pettersen , 21 , a student who was working full time this summer for the Commission on Teacher Credentialing in Sacramento , was told not to show up Thursday .
“ It ’s not my fault that the budget has n’t been signed yet , and I ’m the one paying for it , ” said Pettersen , who will forgo $ 1,600 if he remains unemployed for all of August .
“ I do n’t really understand why I had to lose my job temporarily because someone else is n’t doing their job . ”
Advertisement
Jim Herron Zamora , a spokesman for SEIU Local 1000 , said the group would file a lawsuit Friday to fight the governor ’s use of its members as “ pawns ” in his dealings with lawmakers .
“ We are not pawns , ” Zamora said .
“ We are 95,000 living , breathing human beings . ”
Michael Genest , Schwarzenegger ’s finance director , said the executive order was needed because cash in the state ’s accounts threatens to dip so low by the end of September that reserves could run out and the state ’s checks could bounce .
The state also hopes to avoid an expensive type of short - term borrowing that it would be forced to use because it has no budget , were it to need a quick infusion of cash .
Advertisement
Genest said the layoffs could save the state up to $ 100 million a month .
The pay cuts could temporarily save $ 1.2 billion a month if they were applied to all 200,000 workers subject to federal labor laws .
But many are expected to be declared exempt because they must work overtime for the state police , in prisons , in healthcare or in similar jobs .
The governor gave agency secretaries until Friday to produce a list of exempt employees .
Elected officials and their appointees have had their salaries withheld since July 1 , because Chiang cannot pay them without a budget in place ; many are receiving loans with little or no interest from local banks in the interim .
The dispute between the governor and the controller is over the interpretation of the state Supreme Court ’s decision five years ago in White vs. Davis .
The governor says that under the decision , when a budget has not been approved the controller has the authority to pay only the federal minimum wage to employees covered by federal labor laws .
Only those who earn overtime can be paid their full salaries , the governor argues .
Advertisement
Chiang contends that although he is permitted to pay the minimum wage during a budget impasse , he is also allowed to pay an employee ’s full salary .
Even if he wanted to comply , Chiang said , it would take 10 months to configure his agency ’s outdated computer systems to do what the governor is asking .
--
michael.rothfeld@latimes.com
Times staff writers Nancy Vogel , Patrick McGreevy and Joanna Lin contributed to this report .
MOSCOW 
On a talk show last fall , a prominent political analyst named Mikhail G. Delyagin had some tart words about Vladimir V. Putin .
When the program was later televised , Mr. Delyagin was not .
Not only were his remarks cut  he was also digitally erased from the show , like a disgraced comrade airbrushed from an old Soviet photo .
( The technicians may have worked a bit hastily , leaving his disembodied legs in one shot . )
Mr. Delyagin , it turned out , has for some time resided on the so - called stop list , a roster of political opponents and other critics of the government who have been barred from TV news and political talk shows by the Kremlin .
The stop list is , as Mr. Delyagin put it , “ an excellent way to stifle dissent . ”
It is also a striking indication of how Mr. Putin has increasingly relied on the Kremlin - controlled TV networks to consolidate power , especially in recent elections .
Muslims barred from picture at Obama event
Two Muslim women at Barack Obama ’s rally in Detroit on Monday were barred from sitting behind the podium by campaign volunteers seeking to prevent the women ’s headscarves from appearing in photographs or on television with the candidate .
The campaign has apologized to the women , both Obama supporters who said they felt betrayed by their treatment at the rally .
Advertisement
“ This is of course not the policy of the campaign .
It is offensive and counter to Obama ’s commitment to bring Americans together and simply not the kind of campaign we run , ” said Obama spokesman Bill Burton .
“ We sincerely apologize for the behavior of these volunteers . ”
Building a human backdrop to a political candidate , a set of faces to appear on television and in photographs , is always a delicate exercise in demographics and political correctness .
Advance staffers typically pick supporters out of a crowd to reflect the candidate ’s message .
When Obama won the North Carolina primary amid questions about his ability to connect with white voters , for instance , he stood in front of a group of middle - aged white women waving small American flags .
On the Republican side , a Hispanic New Hampshire Democrat , Roberto Fuentes , told Politico that he was recently asked , and declined , to contribute to the “ diversity ” of the crowd behind Sen.
John McCain at a Nashua event .
But for Obama , the old - fashioned image - making contrasts with his promise to transcend identity politics and to embrace all elements of America .
The incidents in Michigan , which has one of the largest Arab and Muslim populations in the country , also highlight an aspect of his campaign that sometimes rubs Muslims the wrong way :
The candidate has vigorously denied a false , viral rumor that he himself is Muslim .
But the denials at times seem to imply to some that there is something wrong with the faith , though Obama occasionally adds that he means no disrespect to Islam .
“ I was coming to support him , and I felt like I was discriminated against by the very person who was supposed to be bringing this change , who I could really relate to , ” said Hebba Aref , a 25 - year - old lawyer who lives in the Detroit suburb of Bloomfield Hills .
“ The message that I thought was delivered to us was that they do not want him associated with Muslims or Muslim supporters . ”
In Detroit on Monday , the two different Obama volunteers — in separate incidents — made it clear that headscarves would n’t be in the picture .
The volunteers gave different explanations for excluding the hijabs , one bluntly political and the other less clear .
In Aref ’s case , there was no ambiguity .
That incident began when the volunteer asked Aref ’s friend Ali Koussan and two others , Aref ’s brother and another young lawyer , Brandon Edward Miller , whether they would like to sit behind the stage .
The three young men said they would but mentioned they were with friends .
The men said the volunteer , a 20 - something African - American woman in a green shirt , asked if their friends looked and were dressed like the young men , who were all light - skinned and wearing suits .
Miller said yes but mentioned that one of their friends was wearing a headscarf with her suit .
The volunteer “ explained to me that because of the political climate and what ’s going on in the world and what ’s going on with Muslim Americans , it ’s not good for [ Aref ] to be seen on TV or associated with Obama , ” said Koussan , a law student at Wayne State University .
Both Koussan and Miller said they specifically recalled the volunteer citing the “ political climate ” in telling them they could n’t sit behind Obama .
“ I was like , ‘ You ’ve got to be kidding me .
Are you serious ? ’ ” Koussan recalled .
Shimaa Abdelfadeel ’s story was different .
She ’d waited in line outside the Joe Louis Arena for three hours in the sun and was walking through the giant hall when a volunteer approached two of her non-Muslim friends , a few steps ahead of her , and asked if they ’d like to sit in “ special seating ” behind the stage , said one friend , Brittany Marino , who , like Abdelfadeel , is a recent University of Michigan graduate who works for the university .
When they said they were with Abdelfadeel , the volunteer told them their friend would have to take off the headscarf or stay out of the special section , Marino said .
They declined the seats .
After recovering from the shock of the incident , Abdelfadeel went to look for the volunteer and confronted her minutes later , she said in an e-mail interview with Politico .
“ We ’re not letting anyone with anything on their heads like baseball [ caps ] or scarves sit behind the stage , ” she paraphrased the volunteer as saying , an account Marino confirmed .
“ It has nothing to do with your religion ! ”
In most work and school settings , religious dress — such as Jewish yarmulkes , Sikh turbans and Muslim hijabs — is permitted where secular clothing , such as baseball caps , is not .
“ The scarf is not just something she can take off — it ’s part of her identity , ” said Marino .
Photographs of the event also show men with hats in the section behind Obama and former Vice President Al Gore , though not directly behind the candidate .
Abdelfadeel , like Aref , felt “ disappointed , angry and let down , ” she later wrote .
She said she was “ let down that the Obama campaign continuously perpetuates this attitude towards Muslims and Arabs — as if being merely associated [ with ] one is a sin . ”
The two women ’s friends who witnessed the incidents were disappointed , too .
Aref ’s friend Miller said he was “ shocked ” by the contrast between Obama ’s message and their experience .
“ He was the one candidate who you would expect to stand up for something like that — and behind the scenes , you have something completely contrary to what he was running on , ” said Koussan , Aref ’s other friend .
Aref and her friends complained to the campaign , and after those complaints and an inquiry from Politico , Obama ’s director of advance , Emmett S. Beliveau , called her to apologize .
An Obama aide also noted that the campaign has no policy against the candidate ’s appearing with women in headscarves :
The next morning at Wayne State University , Obama posed for a picture with a student wearing a hijab .
Photographs from a Seattle rally earlier this year also clearly show a couple in Muslim garb behind the candidate .
The administrator of the Muslims4Obama group on Obama ’s website , which is not a formal part of the campaign , also said she had “ not heard anything regarding Muslim supporters being steered away from sitting behind Sen.
Obama at the event ” and noted that he had Muslim supporters present at events in Minnesota , including one at which he stood with a Muslim member of Congress , Keith Ellison .
Aref said she was glad Obama had apologized , but she was not entirely satisfied .
“ I think this is a much bigger deal than maybe they ’re perceiving it as , ” she said , noting that Obama had placed a personal call to a television reporter he ’d dismissively called “ Sweetie . ”
“ An apology from him personally would be better , ” she said , then reconsidered .
“ If they are true to their word , I think it would suffice to have an invitation to their next rally and have seats behind him and show up on TV . ”
Fuel Efficient Cars In Your Future ?
Watch For The MPG Illusion
The true math behind choosing a fuel efficient car .
I ’ve been preparing a few posts that touch on the new face of car buying , to shed some light and information on what it means to be a car owner during a time of escalating gas prices .
I hope to help those of you who are shifting your buying patterns in the interest of putting a dent in the demand for gasoline .
Just to show you how your choice of vehicle affects your bottom line , here ’s a case study I ’d like to share .
How much money can you save with a more fuel efficient car ?
Let ’s take the case of a typical family who owns an SUV that consumes 18 MPG .
If instead they decide to switch to a station wagon that consumes 25 MPG , here ’s how much the family will save , assuming they drive 15,000 miles / year for 5 years , with fuel cost increases of 7 % a year ( a conservative estimate , since fuel costs have recently averaged 15 % / year and do n’t stay constant during the year ) :
Year Fuel PPG Current Vehicle
Cost ( 18mpg ) Future Vehicle
Cost ( 25 mpg ) Approximate
Savings 2008 $ 4.51 $ 3,758.33 $ 2,706.00 $ 1,052.33 2009 $ 4.83 $ 4,021.42 $ 2,895.42 $ 1,126.00 2010 $ 5.16 $ 4,302.92 $ 3,098.10 $ 1,204.82 2011 $ 5.52 $ 4,604.12 $ 3,314.97 $ 1,289.15 2012 $ 5.91 $ 4,926.41 $ 3,547.01 $ 1,379.39 5 - year Totals $ 21,613.19 $ 15,561.50 $ 6,051.69
Expect to see greater savings if gas costs increase more sharply or the family ends up driving more than 15,000 miles in a year .
Examples like this may inspire you to think about fuel efficiency the next time you go car shopping .
The MPG Illusion
But before you start writing your checks to the dealer for that new hybrid ( or compact ) , here ’s something you need to know about gas efficiency in so many words :
Equal increases in MPG are not equal in gas savings .
This truism highlights a very interesting concept called “ The Illusion of Miles Per Gallon ” , which challenges our understanding of how fuel efficiency is determined and questions whether our choices in cars ( when based on gas use ) are actually on the money ( pun intended ) .
Here ’s a snap quiz from the NY Times that illustrates this concept :
Which of the following would save more fuel ? a )
Switch a compact car that gets 34 miles a gallon with a hybrid that gets 54 MPG .
b) Switch an S.U.V. that gets 18 MPG with a sedan that gets 28 MPG .
c ) Both changes save the same amount of fuel .
The correct answer is b. Going from 18 m.p.g. to 28 m.p.g. will save you more fuel than going from 34 m.p.g. to 54 m.p.g. ( 198 gallons vs. 109 gallons ) .
A couple of professors ran a series of experiments to show that the current standard of miles per gallon leads consumers to believe that fuel consumption is reduced at an even rate as efficiency improves .
But that ’s not the case .
“ Miles per gallon is misleading and can play tricks on our intuitions , ” quoth the professors .
So the miles per gallon comparisons can throw us off .
By using this metric , many people somehow make a direct comparison between the miles per gallon numbers ; they note the discrepancy ( or percentage difference ) and assume that those comparisons producing the largest mpg differences will automatically lead to the bigger cost savings .
This line of thinking was quite evident in the results of a few studies made , where participants where asked to rank savings in fuel based on MPG comparisons ( much like the quiz above ) .
The results were fairly surprising : only one in 77 participants who took the MPG test got it right !
Many people look at a 50 percent mpg improvement , such as 33 to 50 mpg , and assume that it will save more gas than a 30 percent mpg improvement from 10 to 13 mpg over the same distance .
A quick check of the math will show that 10 to 13 saves 230 gallons over 10,000 miles ; 33 to 50 mpg saves only 100 gallons over the same distance .
Another common tendency is for people to overvalue the larger mpg measurement differentials between efficient cars while undervaluing the smaller mpg improvements between inefficient cars .
This is what is described as the “ MPG Illusion ” .
The Math Behind Miles Per Gallon Comparisons
So let ’s go back to the example above and look carefully at the calculations behind the fuel consumption between the compact car vs hybrid , and the S.U.V. vs the sedan :
Which saves you more gas ?
a ) Switch a compact car that gets 34 miles a gallon with a hybrid that gets 54 m.p.g .
b) Switch an S.U.V. that gets 18 m.p.g. with a sedan that gets 28 m.p.g .
Answer :
Driving Distance Case ( a) Case ( b ) Conclusion Drive 10,000 miles ( typical distance driven in a year ) .
10,000 miles / 54 MPG uses 185.2 gallons .
10,000 miles / 34 MPG uses 294.1 gallons .
Gas Savings : 294.1 – 185.2 = 108.9 gallons .
Replacing a 34 MPG car with a 54 MPG car saves you 108.9 gallons of gas every 10,000 miles .
10,000 miles / 28 MPG uses 357.1 gallons .
10,000 miles / 18 MPG uses 555.5 gallons .
Gas Savings : 555.5 – 357.1 = 198.4 gallons .
Replacing an 18 MPG car with a 28 MPG car saves you 198.4 gallons of gas every 10,000 miles .
198.4 gallons saved in Case ( b ) is greater than the 108.9 gallons saved in Case ( a ) .
By expressing the numbers in gallons per miles ( GPM ) , we ’re able to get a much more accurate picture of fuel efficiency .
These printable reference tables showing MPG to GPM translations were prepared by the professors behind the MPG Illusion to help you with your car shopping process .
I ’ve also reprinted them below for your convenience .
Gas Savings From Equal Improvements in MPG
This table shows the gallons of fuel needed to drive 100 or 10,000 miles at varying rates of fuel efficiency .
Miles Per Gallon Gallons Consumer Per 100 Miles Gallons Consumed Per 10,000 Miles 10 10 1,000 15 6.67 667 20 5 500 25 4 400 30 3.33 333 35 2.86 286 40 2.50 250 45 2.22 222 50 2 200
Incremental improvements at the lower end of the range result in much greater fuel savings than the same incremental improvements at the higher end of the range .
~ooOoo~ MPG Improvements that Save Equal Amounts Of Gas
Compare how many gallons are actually consumed over the same distance by various cars running at different MPGs .
The MPG column entries do n’t increase linearly while the GPM column entries do .
This means that if you replace a car which runs at 10 MPG with one that runs at 11 MPG , you ’ll save the same amount of gas as compared to shifting from a car with a 33 MPG rating to one with a 50 MPG rating !
Miles Per Gallon Gallons Consumer Per 100 Miles Gallons Consumed Per 10,000 Miles 10 10 1,000 11 9 900 12.5 8 800 14 7 700 16.5 6 600 20 5 500 25 4 400 33 3 300 50 2 200
A Proposed Solution To Clear Up The MPG Illusion
The researchers who provided this interesting study on the MPG illusion has since provided strong recommendations that may help dispel the confusion of the public .
If car manufacturers provided a different sort of metric to relay fuel efficiency — one which lent itself to direct comparisons — then maybe we ’d make more accurate decisions .
The proposed solution ?
Supplement the MPG ( miles per gallon ) metric with GPM ( gallons per mile ) .
As Rick Larrick of MPGIllusion.com states :
Direct comparisons of MPG is what leads to illusions .
In each case , you have to convert MPG to a GPM measure to know the amount of gas used .
Both MPG and GPM have a useful role at different points in owning a car .
MPG is useful when you ’re driving a car .
GPM is useful when you ’re purchasing a car — it better captures the fuel consumption , and fuel savings , when comparing a current car to a new car , or when comparing two new cars to each other .
The Bottom - Line
The biggest takeaway here for me is that the largest impact consumers can make to save on fuel is by replacing the most inefficient cars .
Based on the MPG illusion discussion , we ’d do more for our pocketbook and our environment by swapping out the worst gas guzzlers with slightly more efficient models , than by replacing a Honda Accord with a hybrid .
So if you ’re looking to buy a new car , it ’s good to know that even an incremental improvement in efficiency can make quite a difference — not just to your bank account , but also to the environment .
Plus imagine your satisfaction knowing that your decisions favoring efficient vehicles will stick it to those greedy gas suppliers . 😉
Suggested Readings :
Hankering for more analysis ?
Then read more about the MPG Illusion in these superb resources :
Copyright © 2008 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
Paul Lussier wanted to know how to interactively prompt for a value and use that value multiple times in org - remember - templates .
His example is :
( setq org - link - abbrev- alist ' ( ( " RT " .
" https://rt/Ticket/Display.html?id= " ) ) ) ( setq org - remember - templates '( ( " Tasks " ?t " * TODO %?
%i
%a " " ~/organizer.org " ) ( " Appts " ? a " *
Appointment : %?
%^T
%i
%a " " ~/organizer.org " ) ( " RT " ?R " * [ [ RT : %^{ Number} ] [ % ^{ Number} / %^{Description} ] ] " " ~/org/rt.org " ) ) )
The version of Org on my system prompts for Number twice .
We want to store the value in an associative list somewhere so that if Org encounters another prompt with the same text , it ’ll use the stored value .
Here ’s a diff that ’ll do the trick .
diff -u /home / sachac/elisp/org/org.el /tmp/buffer-content-4571Oz1 --- /home/sachac/elisp/org/org.el
2008-07-20 11:28:54.000000000 -0400 +++ /tmp/buffer-content-4571Oz1
2008-07-20 11:42:06.000000000 -0400 @@ -12822,38 +12822,52 @@ ( org - set - local ' org - remember - default - headline headline ) ) ;;
Interactive template entries ( goto - char ( point - min ) ) - ( while ( re-search - forward " % ^\\ ( {\ \ ( [ ^} ] *\\) }\\ ) ?\\( [ guUtT ] \\ ) ? " nil t ) - ( setq char ( if ( match - end 3 ) ( match - string 3 ) ) - prompt ( if ( match - end 2 ) ( match - string 2 ) ) ) - ( goto - char ( match - beginning 0 ) ) - ( replace - match " " ) - ( cond - ( ( member char ' ( " G " " g " ) ) - ( let * ( ( org - last - tags - completion - table - ( org - global - tags - completion - table - ( if ( equal char " G " ) ( org- agenda - files ) ( and file ( list file ) ) ) ) ) - ( org-add- colon-after-tag- completion t ) - ( ins ( completing - read - ( if prompt ( concat prompt " : " ) " Tags : " ) - ' org - tags - completion - function nil nil nil - ' org- tags - history ) ) ) - ( setq ins ( mapconcat ' identity - ( org - split - string ins ( org - re " [ ^[ : alnum : ] ] + " ) ) - " : " ) ) - ( when ( string - match " \\S - " ins ) + ( let ( interactive - entries lookup ) + ( while ( re-search - forward " % ^\\ ( {\ \ ( [ ^} ] *\\ ) }\\ ) ?\\( [ guUtT ] \\ ) ? " nil t ) + ( setq char ( if ( match - end 3 ) ( match - string 3 ) ) + prompt ( if ( match - end 2 ) ( match - string 2 ) ) + lookup ( assoc prompt interactive - entries ) ) + ( goto - char ( match - beginning 0 ) ) + ( replace - match " " ) + ( cond + ( ( member char ' ( " G " " g " ) ) + ( let * ( ( org - last - tags - completion - table + ( org - global - tags - completion - table + ( if ( equal char " G " ) ( org- agenda - files ) ( and file ( list file ) ) ) ) ) + ( org-add- colon-after-tag- completion t ) + ( ins ( if lookup + ( cdr lookup ) + ( completing - read + ( if prompt ( concat prompt " : " ) " Tags : " ) + ' org - tags - completion - function nil nil nil + ' org- tags - history ) ) ) ) + ( if ( null lookup ) + ( setq interactive - entries ( cons ( cons prompt ins ) interactive - entries ) ) ) + ( setq ins ( mapconcat ' identity + ( org - split - string ins ( org - re " [ ^[ : alnum : ] ] + " ) ) + " : " ) ) + ( when ( string - match " \\S - " ins ) ( or ( equal ( char- before ) ? :) ( insert " : " ) ) ( insert ins ) ( or ( equal ( char- after ) ? :) ( insert " : " ) ) ) ) ) - ( char - ( setq org - time - was - given ( equal ( upcase char ) char ) ) - ( setq time ( org - read - date ( equal ( upcase char ) " U " ) t nil - prompt ) ) - ( org - insert - time - stamp time org - time - was - given - ( member char ' ( " u " " U " ) ) - nil nil ( list org- end - time - was - given ) ) ) - ( t - ( insert ( read - string - ( if prompt ( concat prompt " : " ) " Enter string " ) ) ) ) ) ) + ( char + ( setq org - time - was - given ( equal ( upcase char ) char ) ) + ( setq time ( if lookup ( cdr lookup ) ( org - read - date ( equal ( upcase char ) " U " ) t nil + prompt ) ) ) + ( if ( null lookup ) + ( setq interactive - entries ( cons ( cons prompt time ) interactive - entries ) ) + ( org - insert - time - stamp time org - time - was - given + ( member char ' ( " u " " U " ) ) + nil nil ( list org - end - time - was - given ) ) ) ) + ( t + ( let ( ( text + ( if lookup + ( cdr lookup ) + ( read - string + ( if prompt ( concat prompt " : " ) " Enter string " ) ) ) ) ) + ( insert ( or text " " ) ) + ( if ( null lookup ) + ( setq interactive - entries ( cons ( cons prompt text ) interactive - entries ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( goto - char ( point - min ) ) ( if ( re- search - forward " % \\ ? " nil t ) ( replace - match " " )
Have fun !
More posts about : emacs , org Tags : remember | See in index // Add Comment »
Tags
Economics is haunted by more fallacies than any other study known to man .
This is no accident .
The inherent difficulties of the subject would be great enough in any case , but they are multiplied a thousandfold by a factor that is insignificant in , say , physics , mathematics , or medicine — the special pleading of selfish interests .
While every group has certain economic interests identical with those of all groups , every group has also , as we shall see , interests antagonistic to those of all other groups .
While certain public policies would in the long run benefit everybody , other policies would benefit one group only at the expense of all other groups .
The group that would benefit by such policies , having such a direct interest in them , will argue for them plausibly and persistently .
It will hire the best buyable minds to devote their whole time to presenting its case .
And it will finally either convince the general public that its case is sound , or so befuddle it that clear thinking on the subject becomes next to impossible .
In addition to these endless pleadings of self - interest , there is a second main factor that spawns new economic fallacies every day .
This is the persistent tendency of men to see only the immediate effects of a given policy , or its effects only on a special group , and to neglect to inquire what the long - run effects of that policy will be not only on that special group but on all groups .
It is the fallacy of overlooking secondary consequences .
In this lies almost the whole difference between good economics and bad .
The bad economist sees only what immediately strikes the eye ; the good economist also looks beyond .
The bad economist sees only the direct consequences of a proposed course ; the good economist looks also at the longer and indirect consequences .
The bad economist sees only what the effect of a given policy has been or will be on one particular group ; the good economist inquires also what the effect of the policy will be on all groups .
The distinction may seem obvious .
The precaution of looking for all the consequences of a given policy to everyone may seem elementary .
Does n't everybody know , in his personal life , that there are all sorts of indulgences delightful at the moment but disastrous in the end ?
Does n't every little boy know that if he eats enough candy he will get sick ?
Does n't the fellow who gets drunk know that he will wake up next morning with a ghastly stomach and a horrible head ?
Does n't the dipsomaniac know that he is ruining his liver and shortening his life ?
Does n't the Don Juan know that he is letting himself in for every sort of risk , from blackmail to disease ?
Finally , to bring it to the economic though still personal realm , do not the idler and the spendthrift know , even in the midst of their glorious fling , that they are heading for a future of debt and poverty ?
Yet when we enter the field of public economics , these elementary truths are ignored .
There are men regarded today as brilliant economists , who deprecate saving and recommend squandering on a national scale as the way of economic salvation ; and when anyone points to what the consequences of these policies will be in the long run , they reply flippantly , as might the prodigal son of a warning father : " In the long run we are all dead . "
And such shallow wisecracks pass as devastating epigrams and the ripest wisdom .
But the tragedy is that , on the contrary , we are already suffering the long - run consequences of the policies of the remote or recent past .
Today is already the tomorrow which the bad economist yesterday urged us to ignore .
The long - run consequences of some economic policies may become evident in a few months .
Others may not become evident for several years .
Still others may not become evident for decades .
But in every case those long - run consequences are contained in the policy as surely as the hen was in the egg , the flower in the seed .
From this aspect , therefore , the whole of economics can be reduced to a single lesson , and that lesson can be reduced to a single sentence :
The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy ; it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups .
Nine - tenths of the economic fallacies that are working such dreadful harm in the world today are the result of ignoring this lesson .
Those fallacies all stem from one of two central fallacies , or both : that of looking only at the immediate consequences of an act or proposal , and that of looking at the consequences only for a particular group to the neglect of other groups .
It is true , of course , that the opposite error is possible .
In considering a policy we ought not to concentrate only on its long - run results to the community as a whole .
This is the error often made by the classical economists .
It resulted in a certain callousness toward the fate of groups that were immediately hurt by policies or developments which proved to be beneficial on net balance and in the long run .
But comparatively few people today make this error ; and those few consist mainly of professional economists .
The most frequent fallacy by far today , the fallacy that emerges again and again in nearly every conversation that touches on economic affairs , the error of a thousand political speeches , the central sophism of the " new " economics , is to concentrate on the short - run effects of policies on special groups and to ignore or belittle the long - run effects on the community as a whole .
The " new " economists flatter themselves that this is a great , almost a revolutionary advance over the methods of the " classical " or " orthodox " economists , because the former take into consideration short - run effects which the latter often ignored .
But in themselves ignoring or slighting the long - run effects , they are making the far more serious error .
They overlook the woods in their precise and minute examination of particular trees .
Their methods and conclusions are often profoundly reactionary .
They are sometimes surprised to find themselves in accord with 17th - century mercantilism .
They fall , in fact , into all the ancient errors ( or would , if they were not so inconsistent ) that the classical economists , we had hoped , had once for all got rid of .
It is often sadly remarked that the bad economists present their errors to the public better than the good economists present their truths .
It is often complained that demagogues can be more plausible in putting forward economic nonsense from the platform than the honest men who try to show what is wrong with it .
But the basic reason for this ought not to be mysterious .
The reason is that the demagogues and bad economists are presenting half - truths .
They are speaking only of the immediate effect of a proposed policy or its effect upon a single group .
As far as they go they may often be right .
In these cases the answer consists in showing that the proposed policy would also have longer and less desirable effects , or that it could benefit one group only at the expense of all other groups .
The answer consists in supplementing and correcting the half - truth with the other half .
But to consider all the chief effects of a proposed course on everybody often requires a long , complicated , and dull chain of reasoning .
Most of the audience finds this chain of reasoning difficult to follow and soon becomes bored and inattentive .
The bad economists rationalize this intellectual debility and laziness by assuring the audience that it need not even attempt to follow the reasoning or judge it on its merits because it is only " classicism " or " laissez faire " or " capitalist apologetics " or whatever other term of abuse may happen to strike them as effective .
We have stated the nature of the lesson , and of the fallacies that stand in its way , in abstract terms .
But the lesson will not be driven home , and the fallacies will continue to go unrecognized , unless both are illustrated by examples .
Through these examples we can move from the most elementary problems in economics to the most complex and difficult .
Through them we can learn to detect and avoid first the crudest and most palpable fallacies and finally some of the most sophisticated and elusive .
To that task we shall now proceed .
The Broken Window
Let us begin with the simplest illustration possible : let us , emulating Bastiat , choose a broken pane of glass .
A young hoodlum , say , heaves a brick through the window of a baker 's shop .
The shopkeeper runs out furious , but the boy is gone .
A crowd gathers , and begins to stare with quiet satisfaction at the gaping hole in the window and the shattered glass over the bread and pies .
After a while the crowd feels the need for philosophic reflection .
And several of its members are almost certain to remind each other or the baker that , after all , the misfortune has its bright side .
It will make business for some glazier .
As they begin to think of this they elaborate upon it .
How much does a new plate glass window cost ?
Fifty dollars ?
That will be quite a sum .
After all , if windows were never broken , what would happen to the glass business ?
Then , of course , the thing is endless .
The glazier will have $ 50 more to spend with other merchants , and these in turn will have $ 50 more to spend with still other merchants , and so ad infinitum .
The smashed window will go on providing money and employment in ever - widening circles .
The logical conclusion from all this would be , if the crowd drew it , that the little hoodlum who threw the brick , far from being a public menace , was a public benefactor .
Now let us take another look .
The crowd is at least right in its first conclusion .
This little act of vandalism will in the first instance mean more business for some glazier .
The glazier will be no more unhappy to learn of the incident than an undertaker to learn of a death .
But the shopkeeper will be out $ 50 that he was planning to spend for a new suit .
Because he has had to replace a window , he will have to go without the suit ( or some equivalent need or luxury ) .
Instead of having a window and $ 50 he now has merely a window .
Or , as he was planning to buy the suit that very afternoon , instead of having both a window and a suit he must be content with the window and no suit .
If we think of him as a part of the community , the community has lost a new suit that might otherwise have come into being , and is just that much poorer .
The glazier 's gain of business , in short , is merely the tailor 's loss of business .
No new " employment " has been added .
The people in the crowd were thinking only of two parties to the transaction , the baker and the glazier .
They had forgotten the potential third party involved , the tailor .
They forgot him precisely because he will not now enter the scene .
They will see the new window in the next day or two .
They will never see the extra suit , precisely because it will never be made .
They see only what is immediately visible to the eye .
The Blessings of Destruction
So we have finished with the broken window .
An elementary fallacy .
Anybody , one would think , would be able to avoid it after a few moments thought .
Yet the broken - window fallacy , under a hundred disguises , is the most persistent in the history of economics .
It is more rampant now than at any time in the past .
It is solemnly reaffirmed every day by great captains of industry , by chambers of commerce , by labor union leaders , by editorial writers and newspaper columnists and radio commentators , by learned statisticians using the most refined techniques , by professors of economics in our best universities .
In their various ways they all dilate upon the advantages of destruction .
Though some of them would disdain to say that there are net benefits in small acts of destruction , they see almost endless benefits in enormous acts of destruction .
They tell us how much better off economically we all are in war than in peace .
They see " miracles of production " which it requires a war to achieve .
And they see a postwar world made certainly prosperous by an enormous " accumulated " or " backed - up " demand .
It is merely our old friend , the broken - window fallacy , in new clothing , and grown fat beyond recognition .
[ This article is excerpted from Economics in One Lesson . ]
WASHINGTON 
The federal authorities have opened a criminal inquiry into Countrywide Financial for suspected securities fraud as part of the continuing fallout over the mortgage crisis , government officials with knowledge of the case said on Saturday .
The Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are looking at whether officials at Countrywide , the nation ’s largest mortgage lender , misrepresented its financial condition and the soundness of its loans in security filings , the officials said .
The investigation  first reported on Saturday in The Wall Street Journal  is at an early stage , said the officials , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss ongoing criminal matters .
It is unclear whether anyone will ultimately be charged with a crime .
Richard Kolko , a spokesman for the F.B.I. , declined on Saturday to confirm whether the agency had started an investigation of Countrywide related to its securities filings .
An average of almost 100 Japanese people killed themselves each day last year , according to figures out today , dealing a serious blow to a government campaign to drastically reduce the suicide rate by 2016 .
A total of 33,093 people committed suicide in 2007 , up 3 % from 2006 and the 10th year in a row the number has exceeded 30,000 , the national police agency said .
The figure is the second highest after the 34,427 recorded suicides in 2003 .
Depression was identified as the main factor in around a fifth of cases , followed by physical illness and debt .
The number of elderly people who killed themselves rose 9 % from a year earlier as Japan grapples with a rapidly aging society and rising poverty among pensioners .
People aged over 60 made up the biggest individual group of victims , rising to a record high of 36.6 % of the total , the agency said .
More than half the elderly suicides were connected with ill - health , but a sizeable number were due to financial pressures , the report said .
" I think the number will continue to rise as more elderly people find themselves isolated and struggling financially , " a counsellor at Inochi no Denwa , Japan 's biggest telephone counselling service , told the Guardian .
" Their traditional support mechanisms - the welfare state and extended families - are under threat , so I 'm very pessimistic . "
Japan 's senior citizens - who now make up more than 20 % of the population - have been hit hard by the pensions squeeze and healthcare reforms designed to rein in public spending .
The statistics make grim reading for health officials , who last summer unveiled a $ 220 m package of measures , including better counselling and stricter monitoring of suicide websites , which were designed to cut the suicide rate by more than 20 % over ten years .
Yuzo Kato , the director of the Tokyo Suicide Prevention Centre , dismissed the government target as " meaningless " , and said more should be done to counter the cultural stigma attached to mental illness .
" Health professionals are not interested in suicides unless they are psychiatrists , so patients are very unlikely to discuss their problems with their GP , " he said .
" Japan 's national character is such that people are socially conditioned to hide their pain , to avoid troubling others by opening up . "
Yamanashi prefecture 's suicide rate , at 39 people in every 100,000 , was the worst in the country .
The area is home to Aokigahara , an ancient forest at the foot of Mount Fuji and the country 's most notorious suicide spot .
UN figures show that 24 in 10,000 people commit suicide in Japan , almost double the rate in the US .
Among the G8 group of countries only Russia has a higher suicide rate .
This list does not provide anything new for experienced online marketers , or people who have read other marketing articles on this site , but for beginners it is useful to hear it from the horse ’s mouth .
In a recent interview with Jefferson Graham of USA Today , Cutts gives his top five things that a website owner can do to drive search traffic to their site .
“ Think about what people are going to type in , to try and find you , ” Cutts says .
He tells of meeting a chiropractor from San Diego , who complained that his site could n’t be found easily using Google search .
The words “ San Diego chiropractor ” were listed nowhere on his site .
“ You have to make sure the keywords are on the page , ” Cutts says .
If you ’re a San Diego doctor , Des Moines architect or Portland ad agency , best to let people know so immediately , at the top of your page .
When creating websites , Internet coding language includes two key tags : title and description .
Even if you do n’t know code , which is used to create pages , software programs such as Adobe ’s Dreamweaver have tools that let you fill them in in plain English ( rather than “
San Diego Chiropractor
Happy human , a secular humanist logo made in blender quick .
( Photo credit : Wikipedia )
What is Secular Humanism ?
scientific naturalism
Why Does Secular Humanism Come First ?
The Real Value of Secular Humanism
I am an atheist , but I am also a secular humanist .
In fact , I sometimes feel like I am an atheist in part because this is where secular humanism led me .
Technically , I suppose that would not be a correct assertion .
I realized I did not believe in gods prior to learning about secular humanism .
I suppose it would be more accurate to say that my connection to atheism is largely rational while my connection to secular humanism is both rational and emotional .
That is , I have a certain fondness for secular humanism that I do not have for atheism .
Does that make sense ?
I focus this blog on criticizing religion and other forms of irrational belief , with Christian extremism spending the most time in my crosshairs .
And while I do focus on atheism more than humanism , it is time to give secular humanism more of the attention it deserves .
Secular humanism is much broader than atheism and entails many things that atheism does not .
This will be easy to grasp if you remember that atheism refers to nothing more than the lack of belief in any sort of gods .
So what is secular humanism ?
According to , " Humanism is an ethical , scientific , and philosophical outlook " which can be traced " back to the philosophers and poets of ancient Greece and Rome , Confucian China , and the Charvaka movement in classical India . "
Humanism is an optimistic stance , entailing " confidence in the power of human beings to solve their own problems and conquer uncharted frontiers . "
We humanists believe that reason , science , and technology can benefit humanity and seek to promote their growth .
Secular humanism also entails .
That is , secular humanists are naturalists who reject the existence of spiritual / supernatural entities because there is no evidence for any such entities .
We maintain that reason is the path to knowledge and that faith has absolutely nothing to do with knowledge .
It is not a different way of knowing because it is not a way of knowing at all - it has no bearing on knowledge .
Ethically , secular humanism has something important to offer too .
Our ethics are derived from reason rather than superstition .
We recognize that some of the core ethical precepts ( e.g. , the " Golden Rule " ) predate Christianity , and we do not see this as a problem .
We apply reason and science in evaluating and shaping our values .
In the political realm , secular humanists seek to foster democracy .
We value human rights and believe that such rights apply to all humans .
Thus , we are committed to humanity and are unlikely to get caught up in the idiocy of patriotism to the point that it blinds us to global issues .
We strive to promote human dignity and respect , and we find that inherently divisive religious dogma is more of a hindrance here than an asset .
If you ask me why I am an atheist , the core of any response I will give you is that my application of reason and science gives me no reason whatsoever to accept the theistic belief claim ( i.e. , that any sort of god or gods exist ) .
But why do I believe that reason and science are valid ways of acquiring knowledge while blind faith is not ?
This takes us to secular humanism .
Even if I respond by telling you that I do not believe because belief is harmful , skillful questioning will inevitably lead me to state the value that I believe that it is healthier to embrace reality rather than superstition .
Again , this is secular humanism .
In this way , I am an atheist because I am a secular humanist .
Applying the principles of secular humanism leads me to atheism .
This does not diminish the value of atheism in any way ; however , it does highlight the need for recognition that atheism alone is not a sufficient worldview .
This should come as no surprise to anyone who recognizes that atheism really is n't a worldview or a belief system at all .
Secular humanism is a belief system and a worldview , one that includes atheism .
Secular humanism is optimistic , but this optimism is rooted in reality .
Unlike the naive optimism associated with some religions , secular humanists are optimistic about human capabilities and realize that the responsibility rests solely with us to improve our world .
We wait for no rapture , nirvana , or 72 virgins ( not that I 'd turn down 72 virgins , mind you ) .
We take on the problems facing humanity ourselves and realize that our successes or failures will determine the outcome .
This is both humbling and empowering at the same time .
We have reason and science on our side .
We have common sense and education on our side .
We are secular because this is where reason takes us .
We welcome an interaction between science and values and have no need to constrain progress or discriminate against others based on the ambiguous words in some ancient book .
We are vibrant , passionate , and living in harmony with reality .
Secular humanism is to be celebrated .
It is time to get the word out .
To learn more about secular humanism , visit the Council for Secular Humanism or the American Humanist Association
The flights run for the next six weeks this summer , until August 21 , and have to be pre-booked .
Flights cost ₤ 185 for 30 minutes , ₤ 295 for 45 minutes and ₤360 for the one - hour flight .
Individual bookings call : +44 ( 0)20 7183 3911 / 3912 / 3913
Photograph : Graeme Robertson
To the twenty - somethings out there :
Twenty years from now , when you look back on this year :
you had ideas
And you had youth and energy
you had interest rates so low they were negative relative to inflation -- you could borrow money at literally no cost .
and a ready made excuse in case of failure --
Oh , I was young then
and little responsibility , no family
You had the internet -- global distribution or marketing , for free
information on anything , for free
And then the time passes .
At least you got your file ready for the promotions committee .
At least you got that summer job that 'll look good on your college application .
At least you watched the whole season of Grey 's Anatomy and only vomited twice .
I 'm sure , in twenty years , it will have been worth it .
Stop trying to figure out what you want to do with your life , and just do something with it .
Charles Vance Millar was a prominent lawyer who practiced in Toronto from 1881 until his death in 1926 .
He went to his grave a bachelor , and due to some interesting investments ( Charlie liked the longshots ) , this irascible 73 - year - old left a considerable estate .
Millar was both a student of human nature and possessed of a perverse sense of fun .
His best jokes turned on others ’ greed and love of money , and his pet theory was that every man had his price ; the trick was to figure out what it was .
( One of his favorite pranks was to leave $ 1 bills on the sidewalk , then watch the expressions of passersby as they furtively pocketed them . )
His last will and testament exemplified his unusual sense of humor and put to the test his notions about every man having his price .
Given Millar ’s obvious familiarity with the law , he had to have known what the execution of his will would do to the judicial system he ’d long been part of ; indeed , that was probably the motivation behind his wacky stipulations .
Millar ’s death afforded him one last chance to tweak the beard of the legal system , and he took it .
The will itself was a marvel of playfulness .
As Millar himself noted :
This Will is necessarily uncommon and capricious because I have no dependents or near relations and no duty rests upon me to leave any property at my death and what I do leave is proof of my folly in gathering and retaining more than I required in my lifetime .
The Millar will is now primarily remembered as the instrument that sparked The Great Stork Derby of the 1930s in Canada , but it also contained several other oddball bequests worthy of mention :
Exceedingly valuable Ontario Jockey
Club shares were left to three men : two of them moral pillars of the community , and the third a colorful character whose shady reputation would otherwise have barred him from membership in that august body .
Each of the two upstanding recipients had long been vocal opponents to racetrack betting , so the game was set up : would greed win out over principle ?
One share of the Kenilworth Jockey Club was given to every practicing minister in three nearby towns .
The joke was on them , as the shares they publicly agonized over accepting turned out to be worth half a cent each .
One share of the O’Keefe Brewery Company was bequeathed to every practicing Protestant minister and Orange Lodge in Toronto .
This joke had a few additional twists : the brewery was a Catholic firm , and Millar did n’t actually own the stock he was giving away .
( The latter condition ultimately made this clause of the will moot . )
Would ministers who raged against Demon Rum pocket their principles long enough to make a grab for the stock ?
Would Orangemen take anything from the hated Catholics ?
Millar mischievously willed the use of a vacation home in Jamaica to three lawyers not known for getting along with each other .
Upon the death of the last of them ( probably at the hands of each other ) , the proceeds from its sale were to be distributed among the poor of that city .
( Luckily for the three lawyers , Millar had sold the house during his lifetime . )
Though these smaller bequests kept Toronto entertained for weeks ( thoughts of clergymen scrambling after jockey club shares worth half a penny convulsed the populace as did the mental picture of three bickering lawyers battling it out in Jamaica ) , it was the infamous Clause 9 that earned Millar his place in history .
Simply put , he directed the residue of his estate be given to the Toronto mother who gave birth to the most children in the ten years immediately following his death :
All the rest and residue of my property wheresoever situate I give , devise and bequeath unto my Executors and Trustees named below in Trust to convert into money as they deem advisable and invest all the money until the expiration of nine years from my death and then call in and convert it all into money and at the expiration of ten years from my death to give it and its accumulations to the Mother who has since my death given birth in Toronto to the greatest number of children as shown by the Registrations under the Vital Statistics Act .
If one or more mothers have equal highest number of registrations under the said Act to divide the said moneys and accumulations equally between them .
And what a ten years it was !
In addition to all the babies being born and the media excitement over same , two external events took place that elevated this unusual bequest into the realm of legend : the building of a tunnel from Windsor , Ontario , to Detroit , Michigan , and the onset of the Great Depression .
Following hard on the heels of the easy money of the 1920s , the Depression hit struggling families doubly hard .
Jobs were difficult to find and did n’t pay much even if ultimately secured .
Small families headed by one wage earner were fighting to get by .
( A significant number of families lacked even that one income .
In 1933 , between a quarter and a third of all working - age Canadians were unemployed . )
A bequest that had been little more than a curiosity during the halcyon days of the 1920s became the only beacon of hope for a brighter future to a few lucky families .
In those dark , grim days , even those families not part of the baby race themselves cheered on those who were .
For those few years , there was a way out ; there was a Fairy Godmother to believe in .
That Fairy Godmother ’s magic dust turned out to be the dirt under the Detroit River .
Valued at a nominal $ 2 ( total ) at the time of Millar ’s death , his 100,000 shares in the Windsor / Detroit tunnel project turned a $ 100,000 estate into one worth $ 750,000 by the time the race hit the home stretch .
The minimum wage back then was $ 12.50 for a 60 - hour week , and many were lucky to be getting even that .
Even a small share of the Millar fortune would change lives .
The media tracked the event with growing interest , and the mothers in the race became household names .
It should be stressed that it does n’t appear any of the women got in the family way by trying for the prize .
Likely as not , these same women would have had just as many young ones even if there ’d never been a Stork Derby .
A look at the family stats of the 1933 front runners bears this out : the five women leading the pack had 56 kids between them , but only 32 of the children were eligible to be counted under the terms of the Millar will .
But before the babies could be counted up and the money distributed , certain legal determinations had to be made .
Was Clause 9 legal ?
If not , who would claim the residue of the estate ?
Did the Stork Derby contribute to public immorality ?
What constituted “ Toronto ” ?
Should stillborn children count towards the total ?
What about children whose births were n’t registered in the manner Charlie Millar had specified ?
Indeed , what about illegitimate children ?
The court wrangled with these questions for years after the mothers crossed the finish line in 1936 .
Millar ’s distant relatives made a few runs at invalidating the will and claiming the jackpot as well , and the whole shebang danced itself through the Supreme Court of Canada before being resolved .
The race ended in a tie when four women demonstrated nine properly registered live births apiece during the specified ten - year period .
They were : Annie Katherine Smith , Kathleen Ellen Nagle , Lucy Alice Timleck and Isabel Mary Maclean .
Each of them received $ 125,000 .
Two other mothers who had given birth at least ten times during the specified period were given a settlement of $ 12,500 each : Lillian Kenny and Pauline Mae Clarke .
Keeping Mrs. Kenny away from sharing in the jackpot was the misfortune that two of her children were stillborn .
( Millar ’s will was interpreted to refer to “ live children ” only . )
In Mrs. Clarke ’s case the disqualifying factor was the obvious illegitimacy of several of her offspring .
( Although Mrs. Clarke was still married to her original husband , she was living with and had borne several children by another man .
The law of the time stipulated that references in wills to children meant legitimate children only unless otherwise noted . )
The $ 25,000 shared by these two women was considered a small price to pay to get out of yet another round of appeals .
The four triumphant families — the Smiths , Nagles , Timlecks , and Macleans — went on to spend their winnings in a consistently sensible manner .
Homes and automobiles were bought , and children ’s educations were provided for .
The Macleans even managed to drop entirely from view , protecting the family from the overblown media interest that had sprung up around the winners .
So why did Charlie Millar do it ?
His will ’s “ necessarily uncommon and capricious ” statement likely contains the answer .
As he said , he had no one to leave the money to .
Moreover , he had no obligation to leave anything , so what he chose to do with his property was his business .
One stroke of the pen ensured that his name would live on long after most of his contemporaries ’ were forgotten .
That same pen stroke also transformed him from a childless bachelor into the father of 36 kids , each of them growing up with loving thoughts of him .
When Charlie Millar raced up a set of stairs that October afternoon and keeled over a few minutes later from a fatal heart attack , he had no idea that one of his many blue sky investments was going to substantially enrich his estate years after his death .
He likewise had no notion that the affluent 1920s would soon yield to the Dirty Thirties , a time when every dime mattered , when families would go hungry , and hope would be at a premium .
With those two factors unknown to him , not even the author of the comedy had an inkling of just how “ uncommon and capricious ” his final jape would ultimately turn out to be .
A Brighter Future for Baghdad ?
Optimism Grows in Iraq as Daily Life Improves
There is an unexpected air of normalcy prevailing in Baghdad these days , with consumption flourishing and confidence in the government growing .
The progress is astonishing , but can it last ?
DIGG THIS
This talk was delivered at the Future of Freedom Foundation ‘s conference on " Restoring the Republic : Foreign Policy and Civil Liberties , " on June 6 , 2008 , in Reston , Virginia .
The U.S. central bank , called the Federal Reserve , was created in 1913 .
No one promoted this institution with the slogan that it would make wars more likely and guarantee that nearly half a million Americans would die in battle in foreign lands , along with millions of foreign soldiers and civilians .
No one pointed out that this institution would permit Americans to fund , without taxes , the destruction of cities abroad and overthrow governments at will .
No one said that the central bank would make it possible for the U.S. to be at large - scale war in one of every four years for a full century .
It was never pointed out that this institution would make it possible for the U.S. government to establish a global empire that would make Imperial Rome and Britain look benign by comparison .
You can line up 100 professional war historians and political scientists and talk about the twentieth century , and not one is likely to mention the role of the Fed in funding U.S. militarism .
And yet it is true : the Fed is the institution that has created the money to fund the wars .
In this role , it has solved a major problem that the state has confronted for all of human history .
A state without money or a state that must tax its citizens to raise money for its wars is necessarily limited in its imperial ambitions .
Keep in mind that this is only a problem for the state .
It is not a problem for the people .
The inability of the state to fund its unlimited ambitions is worth more for the people than every kind of legal check and balance .
It is more valuable than all the constitutions ever devised .
The state has no wealth that is its own .
It is not a profitable enterprise .
Everything it possesses it must take from society in a zero - sum game .
That usually means taxes , but taxes annoy people .
They can destabilize the state and threaten its legitimacy .
They inspire anger , revolt , and even revolution .
Rather than risk that result , the state from the Middle Ages to the dawn of the central banking age was somewhat cautious in its global ambitions simply because it was cautious in its need to steal openly and directly from the people in order to pay its bills .
To be sure , it does n’t require a central bank for a state to choose inflation over taxes as a means of funding itself .
All it really requires is a monopoly on the production of money .
Once acquired , the monopoly on money production leads to a systematic process of depreciating the currency , whether by coin clipping or debasement or the introduction of paper money , which can then be printed without limit .
The central bank assists in this process in a critical sense : it cartelizes the banking system as the essential conduit by which money is lent to the public and to the government itself .
The banking system thereby becomes a primary funding agency to the state , and , in exchange for its services , the banking system is guaranteed against insolvency and business failure as it profits from inflation .
If the goal of the state is the complete monopolization of money under an infinitely flexible paper - money system , there is no better path for the state than the creation of a central bank .
This is the greatest achievement for the victory of power over liberty .
The connection between war and inflation , then , dates long before the creation of the Federal Reserve .
In fact , in America , it dates to the colonial era , and to the founding itself .
The fate of the Continental currency , printed massively during and after the Revolutionary war , for example , was a very bad omen for our future , and the whole country paid a very serious price .
It was this experience that later led to the gold clause in the U.S. Constitution .
Except for the Hamiltonians , that entire generation of political activists saw the unity of freedom and sound money , and regarded paper money as the fuel of tyranny .
Consider Thomas Paine : “ Paper money is like dram - drinking , it relieves for a moment by deceitful sensation , but gradually diminishes the natural heat , and leaves the body worse than it found it .
Were not this the case , and could money be made of paper at pleasure , every sovereign in Europe would be as rich as he pleased … .
Paper money appears at first sight to be a great saving , or rather that it costs nothing ; but it is the dearest money there is .
The ease with which it is emitted by an assembly at first serves as a trap to catch people in at last .
It operates as an anticipation of the next year ’s taxes . ”
But the wisdom of this generation , subverted by Lincoln , was finally thrown out during the Progressive Era .
It was believed that an age of scientific public policy needed a scientific money machinery that could be controlled by powerful elites .
The dawn of the age of central banking was also the dawn of the age of central planning , for there can be no government control over the nation ’s commercial life without first controlling the money .
And once the state has the money and the banking system , its ambitions can be realized .
Before the creation of the Federal Reserve , the idea of American entry into the conflict that became World War I would have been inconceivable .
In fact , it was a highly unpopular idea , and Woodrow Wilson himself campaigned on a platform that promised to keep us out of war .
But with a money monopoly , all things seem possible .
It was a mere four years after the Fed was invented under the guise of scientific policy planning that the real agenda became obvious .
The Fed would fund the U.S. entry into World War I .
It was not only entry alone that was made possible .
World War I was the first total war .
It involved nearly the whole of the civilized world , and not only their governments but also the civilian populations , both as combatants and as targets .
It has been described as the war that ended civilization in the 19th - century sense in which we understand that term .
That is to say , it was the war that ended liberty as we knew it .
What made it possible was the Federal Reserve .
And not only the U.S. central bank ; it was also its European counterparts .
This was a war funded under the guise of scientific monetary policy .
Reflecting on the calamity of this war , Ludwig von Mises wrote in 1919 that “ One can say without exaggeration that inflation is an indispensable means of militarism .
Without it , the repercussions of war on welfare become obvious much more quickly and penetratingly ; war weariness would set in much earlier . ”
There is always a price to be paid for funding war through the central bank .
The postwar situation in America was a classic case .
There was inflation .
There were massive dislocations .
There was recession or what was then called depression , a direct result of capital dislocation that masked itself as an economic boom , but which was then followed by a bust .
The depression hit in 1920 , but it is not a famous event in United States economic history .
Why is that ?
Because the Federal Reserve had not yet acquired the tools to manufacture an attempt to save the economy .
Instead , neither the Fed nor Congress nor the President did much of anything about it — a wholly praiseworthy response !
As a result , the depression was brief and became a footnote to history .
The same would have happened in 1930 had Hoover not attempted to use the government as the means of resuscitation .
Sadly , the easy recovery of 1920 — 1922 tempted the central bank to get back into the business of inflation , with the eventual result of a stock market boom that led to bust , then depression , and finally the destruction of the gold standard itself .
FDR found that even fascist - style economic planning and inflation could not restore prosperity , so he turned to the ancient method of looking for a war to enter .
Here is where the history of the United States and the Fed intersects with the tragic role of the German central bank .
The German government also funded its Great War through inflation .
By war ’s end , money in circulation has risen fourfold .
Prices were up 140 % .
Yet , on international exchange , the German mark had not suffered as much as one might expect .
The German government looked at this with encouragement and promptly attempted to manufacture a complete economic recovery through inflation .
Incredibly , by 1923 , the mark had fallen to one - trillionth of its 1914 gold value .
The U.S. dollar was then equal to 4.2 trillion marks .
It was an example of currency destruction that remains legendary in the history of the world — all made possible by a central bank that obliged the government and monetized its war debt .
But did people blame the printing press ?
No .
The popular explanation dealt directly with the Treaty of Versailles .
It was the harsh peace imposed by the allies that had brought Germany to the brink of total destruction — or so it was believed .
Mises himself had written a full book that he hoped would explain that Germany owed its suffering to war and socialism , not Versailles as such .
He urged the German people to look at the real cause and establish free markets , lest imperial dictatorship be the next stage in political development .
But he was ignored .
The result , we all know , was Hitler .
Turning to Russia , the untold truth about the Bolshevik revolution is that Lenin ’s greatest propaganda tool involved the sufferings by the Russian people during World War I .
Men were drafted and killed at a horrific level .
Lenin called this capitalist exploitation , based on his view that the war resulted from capitalist motives .
In fact , it was a foreshadowing of the world that socialism would bring about , a world in which all people and all property are treated as means to statist ends .
And what made the prolongation of the Russian role in World War I possible was an institution called the State Bank of the Russian Empire , the Russian version of the Fed .
The Russian war itself was funded through money creation , which also led to massive price increases and controls and shortages during the war .
I ’m not of the opinion , unlike the neocons , that the Russian monarchy was a particularly evil regime , but the temptation that the money machine provided the regime proved too inviting .
It turned a relatively benign monarchy into a war machine .
A country that had long been integrated into the worldwide division of labor and was under a gold standard became a killing machine .
And as horrific and catastrophic as the war dead were for Russian morale , the inflation affected every last person and inspired massive unrest that led to the triumph of Communism .
At this juncture in history , we can see what central - banking had brought to us .
It was not an end to the business cycle .
It was not merely more liquidity for the banking system .
It was not an end to bank runs and bank panics .
It certainly was n’t scientific public policy .
The world ’s major economies were being lorded over by money monopolies and the front men had become some of the worst despots in the history of the world .
Now they were preparing to fight each other with all the resources they had at their disposal .
The resources they did not have at their disposal they would pay for with their beloved machinery of central banking .
In wartime , the printing presses ran overtime , but with a totalitarian level of rationing , price controls , and all - round socialization of resources in the whole of the Western world , the result of inflation was not merely rising prices .
It was vast suffering and shortages in Britain , Russia , Germany , Italy , France , Austria - Hungary , the US , and pretty much the entire planet .
So we can see here the amazing irony of central banking at work .
The institution that was promoted by economists working with bankers , in the name of bringing rationality and science to bear on monetary matters , had given birth to the most evil political trends in the history of the world : Communism , socialism , fascism , Nazism , and the despotism of economic planning in the capitalist West .
The story of central banking is one step removed from the story of atom bombs and death camps .
There is a reason the state has been unrestrained in the last 100 years and that reason is the precise one that many people think of as a purely technical issue that is too complicated for mere mortals .
Fast - forward to the Iraq War , which has all the features of a conflict born of the power to print money .
There was a time when the decision to go to war involved real debate in the U.S. House of Representatives .
And what was this debate about ?
It was about resources , and the power to tax .
But once the executive state was unhinged from the need to rely on tax dollars , and did not have to worry about finding willing buyers for its unbacked debt instruments , the political debate about war was silenced .
In the entire run-up to war , George Bush just assumed as a matter of policy that it was his decision alone whether to invade Iraq .
The objections by Ron Paul and some other members of Congress and vast numbers of the American population , was reduced to little more than white noise in the background .
Imagine if he had to raise the money for the war through taxes .
It never would have happened .
But he did n’t have to .
He knew the money would be there .
So despite a $ 200 billion deficit , a $ 9 trillion debt , $ 5 trillion in outstanding debt instruments held by the public , a federal budget of $ 3 trillion , and falling tax receipts in 2001 , Bush contemplated a war that has cost $ 525 billion dollars , or $ 4,681 per household .
Imagine if he had gone to the American people to request that .
What would have happened ?
I think we know the answer to that question .
And those are government figures ; the actual cost of this war will be far higher u2014 perhaps $ 20,000 per household .
Now , when left - liberals talk about these figures , they like to compare them with what the state might have done with these resources in terms of funding health care , public schools , head - start centers , or food stamps .
This is a mistake because it demonstrates that the left is n’t really providing an alternative to the right .
It merely has a different set of priorities in how it would use the resources raised by the inflation machine .
It ’s true that public schools are less costly in terms of lives and property than war itself .
But the inflation - funded welfare state also has a corrosive effect on society .
The pipe dream that the inflation monster can be used to promote good instead of evil illustrates a certain naïveté about the nature of the state itself .
If the state has the power and is asked to choose between doing good and waging war , what will it choose ?
Certainly in the American context the choice has always been for war .
It is equally naïve for the right to talk about restraining the government while wishing for global war .
So long as the state has unlimited access to the printing press , it can ignore the pleas of ideological groups concerning how the money will be raised .
It is also very silly for the right to believe that it can have its wars , its militarism , its nationalism and belligerence , without depending on the power of the Federal Reserve .
This institution is the very mechanism by which the dreams of both the fanatical right and the fanatical left come true .
The effect of the money machine goes well beyond funding undesirable government programs .
The Fed creates financial bubbles that lead to economic dislocation .
Think of the technology bubble of the late 1990s or the housing bubble .
Or the boom that preceded the current bust .
These are all a result of the monopolization of money .
These days , the American consumer has been hit very hard with rising prices in oil , clothing , food , and much else .
For the first time in decades , people are feeling this and feeling it hard .
And just as in every other inflation in world history , people are looking for the culprit and finding all the wrong ones .
They believe it is the oil companies who are gouging us , or that foreign oil dealers are restricting supply , or that gas station owners are abusing a crisis to profit at our expense .
I would n’t entirely rule out the possibility that price controls are around the corner .
When Nixon imposed them in 1971 , neither he nor his advisors believed that they would actually result in controlling inflation .
Rather , the purpose was to redirect the target of public anger from the government and its bank over to retailers , who would become scapegoats .
In this sense , price controls do work .
They make people believe that the government is trying to lower prices while the private sector is attempting to raise them .
This is the real political dynamic at work with price controls .
The question is whether you will be taken in by these tactics .
It is long past time for us to take note that the cause of the real trouble here is not the manufacturers or even the war as such but the agency that has been granted a legal right to counterfeit at will and lower the value of the currency while fueling every manner of statist scheme , whether welfare or warfare .
We need to look at the Fed and say : this is the enemy .
Note that the Federal Reserve is not a political party .
It is not a recognized interest group .
It is not a famed lobby in Washington .
It is not really even a sector of public opinion .
It seems completely shielded off from vigorous public debate .
If we truly believe in liberty and decry the leviathan state , this situation cannot be tolerated .
I say to the sincere right , if you really want to limit the state , you will have to give up your dreams of remaking the world at the point of a gun .
Wars and limited government are impossible .
Moreover , you must stop ignoring the role of monetary policy .
It is a technical subject , to be sure , but one that we must all look into and understand if we expect to restore something that resembles the American liberty of the founders .
I say to the sincere left , if you really want to stop war and stop the spying state , and put an end to the persecution of political dissidents and the Guantnamo camps for foreign peoples , and put a stop to the culture of nationalism and militarism , you must join us in turning attention to the role of monetary policy .
The printing presses must be unplugged .
It ’s true that this will also hit programs that are beloved by the left , such as socialized health care and federalized education programs .
But so long as you expect the state to fund your dreams , you cannot expect that the state will not also fund the dreams of people you hate .
And let me say a few words to libertarians , who dream of a world with limited government under the rule of law , a world in which free enterprise reigns and where the state has no power to interfere in our lives so long as we behave peacefully .
It is completely absurd to believe that this can be achieved without fundamental monetary reform .
And yet , until the most recent Ron Paul campaign , and aside from Murray Rothbard and the 26 - year - long work of the Mises Institute , I do n’t recall that libertarians themselves have cared much about this issue at all .
In 1983 , the Mises Institute held a large academic conference on the gold standard , and we held it in Washington , D.C. ( There were scholarly papers and Ron Paul debated a Fed governor .
Ron won . )
Even back then , I recall that D.C. libertarians ridiculed us for holding such a meeting to talk about the Fed and its replacement with sound money .
They said that this would make the Mises Institute look ridiculous , that we would be tarred with the brush of gold bugs and crazies .
We did it anyway .
And all these years later , the book that came out of that conference remains a main source for understanding the role of money in the advance of despotism or resistance to it , and a blueprint for the future .
Of course the Austrian tradition fought paper money and central banking from the beginning .
Menger was an advocate of the gold standard .
Bhm -Bawerk actually established it as finance minister to the Habsburg monarchy .
Mises ’s book on the topic from 1912 was the first to show the role of money in the business cycle , and he issued dire warnings about central banking .
Hayek wrote powerfully against the abandonment of gold in the 1930s .
Hazlitt warned of the inevitable breakdown of Bretton Woods , and advocated a real gold standard instead .
And Rothbard was a champion of sound money and the greatest enemy the Fed has ever had .
But generally , I ’ve long detected a tendency in libertarian circles to ignore this issue , in part for precisely the reasons cited above : it is not respectable .
Well , I will tell you why this issue is not considered respectable : it is the most important priority of the state to keep its money machine hidden behind a curtain .
Anyone who dares pull the curtain back is accused of every manner of intellectual crime .
This is precisely the reason we must talk about it at every occasion .
We must end the conspiracy of silence on this issue .
I was intrigued at how Ron Paul , during his campaign , would constantly bring up the subject .
Most politicians are out to play up to their audiences , so they say things that people want to hear .
I promise you that early in the campaign , no one wanted to hear him talk about the Federal Reserve .
But he did it anyway .
He worked to educate his audiences about the need for monetary reform .
And it worked .
For the first time in my life , there is a large and very public movement in this country to take this topic seriously .
Monetary economist Joseph Salerno was called the other day by C - Span , which wanted to interview him on television on the need to restore gold as the basis of our currency .
As I watched this excellent interview , I was struck by what a great triumph it truly is for liberty that this topic is again part of the national debate .
In the 19th century , this was a topic on everybody ’s minds .
It can be again today , provided we do not eschew the truth in the formation of our message .
It might be said that advocating privatization is politically unrealistic , and therefore a waste of time .
What ’s more , we might say that by continuing to harp on the issue , we only marginalize ourselves , proving that we are on the fringe .
I submit that there is no better way to ensure that an issue will always be off the table than to stop talking about it .
Far from being an arcane and anachronistic issue , then , the gold standard and the issues it raises gets right to the heart of the current debate concerning the future of war and the world economy .
Why do the government and its partisans dislike the gold standard ?
It removes the discretionary power of the Fed by placing severe limits on the ability of the central bank to inflate the money supply .
Without that discretionary power , the government has far fewer tools of central planning at its disposal .
Government can regulate , which is a function of the police power .
It can tax , which involves taking people ’s property .
And it can spend , which means redistributing other people ’s property .
But its activities in the financial area are radically curbed .
Think of your local and state governments .
They tax and spend .
They manipulate and intervene .
As with all governments from the beginning of time , they generally retard social progress and muck things up as much as possible .
What they do not do , however , is wage massive global wars , run huge deficits , accumulate trillions in debt , reduce the value of money , bail out foreign governments , provide endless credits to failing enterprises , administer hugely expensive and destructive social insurance schemes , or bring about immense swings in business activity .
State and local governments are awful and they must be relentlessly checked , but they are not anything like the threat of the federal government .
Neither are they as arrogant and convinced of their own infallibility and indispensability .
They lack the aura of invincibility that the central government enjoys .
It is the central bank , and only the central bank , that works as the government ’s money machine , and this makes all the difference .
Now , it is not impossible that a central bank can exist alongside a gold standard , a lender of last resort that avoids the temptation to destroy that which restrains it .
In the same way , it is possible for someone with an insatiable appetite for wine to sit at a banquet table of delicious vintages and not take a sip .
Let ’s just say that the existence of a central bank introduces an occasion of sin for the government .
That is why under the best gold standard , there would be no central bank , gold coins would circulate as freely as their substitutes , and rules against fraud and theft would prohibit banks from pyramiding credit on top of demand deposits .
So long as we are constructing the perfect system , all coinage would be private .
Banks would be treated as businesses , no special privileges , no promises of bailout , no subsidized insurance , and no connection to government at any level .
This is the free - market system of monetary management , which means turning over the institution of money entirely to the market economy .
As with any institution in a free society , it is not imposed from above , and dictated by a group of experts , but is the de facto result that comes about in a society that consistently respects private - property rights , encourages enterprise , and promotes peace .
It comes down to this .
If you hate war , oppose the Fed .
If you hate violations of your liberties , oppose the Fed .
If you want to restrain despotism , restrain the Fed .
If you want to secure freedom for yourself and your descendants , abolish the Fed .
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The Unthinkable : Who Survives When Disaster Strikes — and Why
by Amanda Ripley
Crown Publishers .
On sale June 10 .
Time reporter Amanda Ripley was in New York when two planes crashed into the World Trade Center .
Over the next few weeks , she talked to dozens of 9/11 survivors and was entranced by their different responses .
Why did one woman coming out of Tower 1 freeze when she saw the bodies of workers who had jumped from above , while the woman next to her walked briskly past them to safety ?
Why were people terrified of terrorist attacks , when they were more likely to die from accidental falls or car crashes ?
Ripley began talking to survivors of floods , earthquakes , school shootings , hostage situations , and tsunamis and soon found that all these people had knowledge they wanted to share .
It ’s information we need to hear , because instead of telling us how to survive another 9/11 , the TSA takes away our tweezers and shoes at security .
We do n’t have plane - crash drills , or flood drills , and that ’s what makes those situations deadly .
Luckily , Ripley found that we have the ability to survive almost any disaster — even the worst - case scenario of a terrorist - deployed nuclear bomb .
Our bodies take care of a lot of things for us , constricting vessels to reduce blood loss , and boosting muscle - enhancing hormones .
Half the battle is just cognitively knowing you can survive .
The other half is making it happen .
Read more tips from Ripley below on how we can become better survivors , and the surprising truths she heard from them .
Mother Jones :
The risk of us dying from terrorist attacks is incredibly low .
So why do we put so much money and resources into preventing them instead of a more likely cause of death like heart disease or car crashes ?
Amanda Ripley :
By sort of combining the research of a lot of smart people , I came up with an equation for dread [ dread=uncontrollability+unfamiliarity+imaginability+suffering +scale of destruction +unfairness ] .
The dread equation is a simplification , but it ’s a way to explain why we fear something so much when it is so unlikely .
Part of it is the lack of control .
That ’s why we ’re more scared of plane crashes than car crashes even though we know rationally which is more dangerous .
The evil genius of terrorism is that that maximizes unfamiliarity , imaginability , suffering , scale of destruction , unfairness .
It ’s really important to understand why terrorism is so frightening because it is a psychological war and until you understand it and try to reduce the dread , until then you become like a force multiplier for the terrorists inadvertently because you ’ll tend to overreact to terrorist attacks because the dread factor is so high .
In addition , citizens are not prepared for attacks because there is a bias against the public by nearly every expert and government official .
In emergency preparedness , there is this belief that public will panic , that the public is not to be trusted , that there will be looting .
I ca n’t tell you how many times I ’ve been with very smart , knowledgeable Homeland Security experts who are essentially tasked with saving your life who do not trust you with information .
They just do n’t .
They kind of dismiss the media and the public in one fell swoop .
A lot of the time you see a warning , in the subway , or in a movie theater , the main thrust of the warning will be to not panic if there is an emergency .
To listen to directions .
Now that ’s a waste .
They could have given you information , but you can see their expectation that you ’re going to screw up .
MJ : I found it interesting that in the case of United flight 93 , the passengers kept the plane from crashing into a building because they did n’t follow directions .
They did n’t stay in their seats , they did n’t do what the terrorists told them .
It turned out that the guys who rushed the cockpit were a PR executive who founded his own company , the COO of a company , and a judo champion .
Do our lives predisaster determine what we ’ll do in a disaster ?
AR : They often influence how we ’ll behave in ways we do n’t expect .
Women in particular seem to say things like , “ I ’m sure I ’d be the one screaming and not moving in an emergency . ”
I do n’t think that ’s the case .
People who ’ve been through really horrible life - or - death situations say that nobody behaves the way they would have expected .
But that said , there are predictors .
The health of your family or your office or your city directly affects the health of it after .
The better you are at handling high - stress situations with little information , those skills lead to resilience and the ability to recover afterward .
MJ : Is there any demographic that is likeliest to survive a disaster ?
AR : Well , there is n’t any one profile of a survivor , but there are profiles .
Depending on the disaster you have certain advantages and disadvantages just based on who you are .
Women are more likely to survive hurricanes .
In hurricanes the deaths come from floods and people driving through high water .
That ’s much more likely to be a man who dies that way .
Women are far more likely to follow orders to evacuate , especially women with children .
At the same time , women were much more likely to die during the South Asian tsunami .
In some villages it was 3 to 1 .
And that was party because of the average strength it takes to hold onto something .
Also it was cultural ; women were less likely to know how to swim , as were children .
So much of this is based on how we develop our own survival skills before something goes wrong :
Even if nothing goes wrong , it might be good to know how to swim .
I did find people with military experience seem to do very well in these situations .
They ’ve been taught that they can control their destiny , which is half the battle .
They also have some experience in getting out of bad situations even if just through training .
They know they have to make a plan and follow it and execute it .
MJ : Being prepared is a big point in your book , especially for those disasters — floods , earthquakes , hurricanes — that happen in the same areas , sometimes at the same time of year .
How can the government help people prepare for these predictable disasters ?
AR : It ’s really important to enroll regular people in that conversation .
Let ’s take the worst - case , scariest scenario : nuclear terrorism , a nuclear bomb .
We do n’t talk about that at all as a country .
I think that most people assume that there ’s nothing they could do if a nuclear bomb went off in their city .
And that ’s just not true .
Most people would survive most terrorist nuclear attacks because the bombs would likely be much smaller than those we were dealing with in the Cold War .
You could reduce people ’s fears if you gave them some useful information before things went wrong .
It ’s really important to create a sense of confidence in the public in their own abilities before a disaster because they ’re the only ones who are going to be there .
No one ’s going to help you for at least 24 to 72 hours .
So it would be good to know more about it .
MJ : What were some of the things you found most interesting while talking to survivors for this book ?
AR : The one thread that was most surprising and most consistent was the lack of fear that people felt at the worst moment .
They felt a lot of fear in early stages , when they ’re just realizing what ’s happening .
But then things really seemed to be at their peak of terror , the fear went away .
You can imagine why that ’s useful .
At that moment your brain needs to focus all its attention on surviving , so people will feel a sense of calm as their brain tries to sort out a plan .
MJ : In one of the situations in the book , a man bypasses survivors on his way out of a plane crash because he knew he could n’t save them and save himself .
At the same time , have you found that most people will , if they can , help others in a disaster ?
AR : Yeah , people help way more than we expect , way more than makes sense .
But when you talk to people called heroes , they often say they did it for themselves .
In one case , a hero said that the cost of not doing it is so great , the sense of shame , when he knew that he was strong enough , that the fear of not doing anything was more frightening than the fear of dying .
People will help each other because there is a sense of camaraderie that springs up , which is a survival tactic .
You help them because you know you might need their help later .
And that is incredibly reassuring .
MJ : So do you feel you ’re better equipped to survive a disaster now ?
AR : My anxiety about disasters is lower .
The more you know , the less scary any of this stuff is .
And that ’s my hope for the book .
I want to get people ’s attention and tell them very valuable and ultimately hopeful information , and you find out nothing is as scary as your imagination .
Most serious plane crashes are survivable .
There ’s a sense that , ‘ Oh , if we go down , that ’s it , it ’s out of my hands . ’
And that ’s just statistically not true .
I have more optimism and more faith that my own actions can make a difference .
Disaster survival tips :
1. Learn how to text message .
Oftentimes , as in Katrina , text messages will go through when cell phone calls wo n’t .
2. Expect smoke .
If you ’re in an airplane , know how many rows are between you and the exits .
If you ’re at home , know your way to the door without the lights on .
Most fire deaths are due to smoke .
3 . Get to know your neighbors .
They may be your key to survival .
The stronger your community is , the better equipped you will be to survive a disaster .
4. Practice .
Many people who survived the WTC attacks knew where the staircases were because they did lots of fire drills .
Children especially should know where to go in case of emergency , and walk that route until they are familiar with it .
5 . Lose weight .
Overweight people often are less able to move quickly in escape situations that call for speed .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Thousands of new wind turbines could be built across the UK over the coming decade as part of a £ 100 bn plan to boost renewable energy .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the UK should be a leader in renewable energy .
But he warned it would not come from " business as usual " and he called for a national debate on achieving the UK 's target of 15 % renewable energy by 2020 .
The Tories said that Labour was coming round to " our vision " .
The Lib Dems said Mr Brown " does n't do green " .
In a speech earlier , Mr Brown said the government 's plans represented the " most dramatic change in our energy policy since the advent of nuclear power " .
Increasing our renewable energy sources in these ways , on this scale , will require national purpose and a shared national endeavour
Prime Minister Gordon Brown " The North Sea has now passed its peak of oil and gas supply - but it will now embark on a new transformation into the global centre of the offshore wind industry .
" And yes , there will have to be more windfarms onshore too . "
' Inevitable ' changes
Under the government 's plans an extra 4,000 onshore and 3,000 offshore turbines will be needed , impacting on communities , business and the government .
Ministers say visible changes to landscapes , towns and cities are " inevitable " but in his speech Mr Brown promised local communities wind turbines would be sited in the " right " locations .
When the government has failed so lamentably to take a political lead in the last 11 years , why should we believe the coming years will be any different ?
Steve Webb
Lib Dem environment " Increasing our renewable energy sources in these ways , on this scale , will require national purpose and a shared national endeavour .
" So today I want to launch a serious national debate about how we are to achieve our targets . "
He promised up to 160,000 new jobs through promoting more renewable energy , including making components for wind turbines and electric cabling .
' New social organisation '
But he said a low carbon economy - which met EU reduction targets - " will not emerge from ' business as usual ' . "
" It will require real leadership from government - being prepared to make hard decisions on planning or on tax for example , rather tacking and changing according to the polls .
" It will involve new forms of economic activity and social organisation . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Up to half of the government 's carbon reduction target will have to come from electricity , meaning a third will have to be generated from renewables by 2020 .
Moves to speed up the connection of renewable energy projects to the national grid are also expected to be announced to help clear a huge backlog of proposed developments .
The UK could cut its greenhouse gas emissions by nearly 20 % and reduce its dependency on oil by 7 % within 12 years , the government says .
' Fundamental problem '
Household bills are expected to increase as a result of the measures , but any impact is unlikely to be felt until later in the next decade .
The average bill for gas and electricity for the average household is currently £ 1,055 , but this is estimated to rise to £ 1,346 as a result of the implementation of greener technology .
BBC environment and science correspondent David Shukman said that savings from improved insulation and energy efficiency should bring that figure down .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Greenpeace hailed the new strategy as " visionary " , but the environment group warned that ministers had promised much before and had so far failed to deliver .
The Liberal Democrats poured scorn on Mr Brown 's talk of a " green revolution " .
The party 's environment spokesman Steve Webb said : " The fundamental problem is that Brown does n't do ' green ' .
HOW DO WIND TURBINES WORK ?
In graphics " He would rather urge oil producers to extract more oil than invest in technologies that will actually save CO2 emissions now .
" When the government has failed so lamentably to take a political lead in the last 11 years , why should we believe the coming years will be any different ? "
For the Conservatives , shadow business secretary Alan Duncan said : " After a series of painful and reluctant u-turns , it seems like the government is at last coming round to our vision of a greener Britain .
" Yet it 's astonishing that what is billed as a ' strategy ' is just another consultation - more delays after a decade of dithering .
" Gordon Brown must now translate these words into action .
If we do n't grasp this opportunity now , we 'll still be playing catch - up in 20 years . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
DMX Arrested Again - Sixth Time This Year
akawas arrested again yesterday outside a mall in Phoenix , Arizona .
This time the rapper was taken in for allegedly using a false name and social security number at the Scottsdale Mayo Clinic back in April .
DMX used the name ' Troy Jones ' in an effort to try and get out of $ 7,500 in medical expenses .
He is now in the Maricopa County jail on felony charges .
In the past few months jail seems to be ' home away from home ' for DMX .
Other recent arrest dates were : July 2 , June 27 , June 23 , May 9th and May 7th and yes they are all in 2008 .
The photo above is an old mug shot but when we get our hands on his recent photo , we will update it for you .
Tricia Walsh Smith's YouTube Divorce Video
Tricia Walsh Smith and estranged husband , Philip Smith
's YouTube video rant has attorneys scratching their heads and wondering what effect the YouTube generation is going to have on future divorce cases .
Tricia , an actress and playwright , and her Broadway impresario husband Philip Smith , president of the Shubert Organization , are in the middle of a divorce , and Tricia has taken to the internet to air her grievances .
Filming from the posh Park Avenue apartment that her husband is trying to evict her from , Tricia laments about her divorce woes , covering issues from the couple 's sex life ( or lack thereof ) , to her evil stepdaughter .
Hmmm , wonder if she knows Heather Mills ?
View Tricia Walsh - Smith 's divorce video below .
It was a crime so improbable that many had trouble believing it could have happened at all :
Three black soldiers stood accused of lynching an Italian prisoner of war , found dangling from a wire on an obstacle training course at Ft. Lawton in the middle of World War II .
The subsequent trial of the three men , along with 40 other black enlistees charged with rioting , became the largest and longest Army court - martial of the war , and the only recorded instance in U.S. history in which black men stood trial for a mob lynching .
By the time it was over , 28 men had been convicted on rioting charges and two of them were also found guilty of manslaughter in connection with the 1944 hanging .
Despite their protests of innocence -- and the government ’s own secret investigation showing the prosecution ’s case was poisonously flawed -- the men were sentenced to hard labor and forfeiture of military pay and benefits , and were given dishonorable discharges .
Twenty - six of the men went to their graves with the stain of wartime dishonor still on their records .
It was n’t until Saturday , in a low - key ceremony on a wide lawn at the Army base in Seattle , that history switched gears .
A senior Army official handed out certificates setting aside the convictions and converting the discharges to honorable status , in recognition -- 64 years after the fact -- that prosecutors ’ “ egregious error ” had resulted in a trial that was “ fundamentally unfair . ”
“ I grieve for an Army that failed to honor its own values at Ft. Lawton , ” said Ronald J. James , an assistant Army secretary , as he handed out the certificates to surviving family members .
“ The Army is genuinely sorry .
I am sorry .
Sorry for your husbands , loved ones , fathers and grandfathers , for the lost years of their lives , ” James said , calling the ceremony a “ long - overdue vindication . ”
Not one of the soldiers were on hand to accept the apology .
One of the two still living did try to attend -- 83 - year - old Samuel Snow from Leesburg , Fla . -- but he was hospitalized with heart palpitations in downtown Seattle just hours before the observance .
“ My father never held any animosity , ” said Snow ’s son , Ray .
“ He said , ‘ Son , God has been good to me .
If I hold this in my heart , then I ca n’t walk in forgiveness . ’
Really , it energized him .
It was the fuel that drove him : ‘ Bring on all the things that are supposed to stop me from achieving . ’
This was all liquid oxygen for him . ”
The case of the Ft. Lawton 28 had been little known in recent years , though the court - martial in 1944 was widely covered in the news at the time .
It was n’t until former television journalist Jack Hamann came upon the Italian soldier ’s grave in 1986 and began years of research that archival material was uncovered , demonstrating fatal flaws in the government ’s case -- and pointing to the likelihood that the Italian prisoner was killed by a white man .
Immediately after the lynching , the Army inspector general had conducted an exhaustive investigation that raised major questions about the evidence against the accused .
But the Army had appointed only two defense lawyers to handle all 43 men , giving them 10 days to prepare their case , and they were not permitted to see the report .
The prosecutor was Col. Leon Jaworski , who in 1973 became the special prosecutor in the Watergate case involving the administration of President Nixon .
“ Jaworski disingenuously -- and , it ’s clear now , illegally and unethically -- said , ‘ Sorry , that ’s not what you think it is , and you ca n’t have it . ’
He fought , and got the court to agree not to let it in , ” Hamann said in an interview .
Jaworski died in 1982 .
Hamann wrote a 2005 book about the case , “ On American Soil . ”
Based in large part on the evidence disclosed in the book , the Army Board for Correction of Military Records reviewed the case last year and ruled unanimously to overturn the convictions and grant retroactive honorable discharges .
“ I do n’t think very often they come out and say our largest and longest court - martial of this giant war , World War II , was fatally flawed , ” Hamann said .
“ But the Army has been a driver of this , by getting out ahead of it and saying , ‘ We want to let our constituents know we ’re not hiding behind this .
We ’ve read the evidence , we agree , we checked it out ourselves . ’ ”
The junior defense counsel in the case , Howard Noyd , now 93 , said he and his partner had known from the beginning that “ justice was sacrificed ” and his clients were wrongly charged .
“ It ’s just a remarkable story .
I did n’t expect we would ever come to final justice , ” Noyd said .
Walt Prevost , 65 , the owner of a pharmacy in Watts , traveled to Seattle on behalf of his late father , Willie Prevost , who he said never talked about the case before his death in 1998 .
“ I talked to a lot of the other families , and they all say the same thing :
They never talked about it .
We knew absolutely nothing about [ my father ’s ]
Army career .
It was something he was really impacted by in an adverse way , so he would never talk about it , ” Prevost said .
“ But I would say my family suffered severely as a result of the Ft. Lawton tragedy , ” he said .
His mother was forced to raise her four children with no income or Army benefits while his father was in prison , he said .
Hamann said that though most of the prison terms were relatively short , the convicted soldiers would have been affected their entire lives .
“ You ’re talking about 50 years of no GI Bill , no VA , no ability to get a civil service job with that dishonorable discharge , ” Hamann said .
Some reparations are being offered : back pay for the prison time .
Snow was sent a $ 725 check , which he did n’t bother to cash .
Rep. Jim McDermott ( D - Wash . ) is pushing legislation that would grant the soldiers full reparations .
“ The main thing is he never got to do the things he wanted to do , ” said Beverly Evans , a South Los Angeles resident whose father , Luther Larkin , was convicted in the lynching .
He died a month before she was born , in 1948 .
James , the assistant Army secretary , ended his calm but emotional address with a declaration that he would not end it as most such speeches conclude .
“ The usual closing is something like ‘ God bless the Army , and God bless the United States of America , ’ but frankly that does n’t seem right or appropriate for this time -- I have unpaid debts and unpaid dues , ” James said .
“ Therefore , I would like to close by saying : God bless Samuel Snow , God bless the Ft. Lawton 28 , and God bless your family and friends . ”
kim.murphy@latimes.com
breaking ...
Thursday , May 1 , 2008 LONDON —
The U.S. military has drafted and won approval for attack plans ir response to an Iran attack .
Western diplomatic sources said the U.S. military 's Central Command has submitted plans for an air and naval strike on Iran , Middle East Newsline reported .
The sources said the plan envisioned escalating tensions that would peak with an Iranian - inspired insurgency strike against U.S. military assets in the Gulf .
" There is tremendous tactical benefit to us to operate the two side - by - side in restricted space , " Lt. Gen .
Carter Ham , director of operations at the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said on Wednesday .
" We can generate more sorties , some of them strike , some of them reconnaissance , some of them to perform other operations . "
" This is not some grand scheme to destroy the Iranian regime and its nuclear program , " a source said .
" It is a practical plan on how to respond to an Iranian strike or a provocation . "
Officials said the Defense Department has sought an update for plans to attack Iran amid what they term its " increasingly hostile role " against the United States .
The officials cited the weapons flow to insurgency groups in Iraq as well as confrontations with U.S. ships in the Gulf .
Also In This Edition " I have reserve capability , in particular our navy and our air force so it would be a mistake to think that we are out of combat capability , " Adm.
Michael Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said .
Under the plan approved by the Defense Department , Central Command would be allowed to retaliate for an Iranian attack with U.S. air strikes .
The sources said the plan contained a series of options that range from a limited to full - scale attack .
" We are not taking any military elements off the table , " Mullen said .
The most comprehensive retaliation would target all Iranian military assets in the Gulf .
The sources said the aim of Central Command was to prevent any Iranian attempt to block the Straits of Hormuz , the passage of 40 percent of global oil .
In the second stage , the U.S. Navy and Air Force would strike missile centers and command and control facilities deep in Iran .
Much of the strikes would be conducted from the two U.S. Navy carrier strike groups in the Gulf .
If the second stage of the plan is implemented , the sources said , the U.S. military would also target Iran 's nuclear weapons program .
The sources said all major facilities , including Arak , Bushehr and Isfahan , would be destroyed .
The sources said the Pentagon has not approved a Centcom option to initiate a U.S. strike on Iran 's nuclear program .
They said that at this point the Pentagon was concern with protecting the huge U.S. Navy presence in the Gulf .
" I believe recent events , especially the Basra operation , have revealed just how much and just how far Iran is reaching into Iraq to foment instability , " Mullen said .
Click Here to Write a Letter to the Editor About Us l Contact Us l Geostrategy - Direct.com l East - Asia-Intel.com Copyright © 2008 East West Services , Inc .
All rights reserved .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Iran must decide between confrontation and co-operation in the dispute over its nuclear plans , the US has warned .
At talks in Geneva , envoys from the US , EU and UN asked Iran to suspend its uranium enrichment in return for a pledge not to introduce new sanctions .
Iran gave no guarantees it would halt its activities , so the diplomats gave Tehran two weeks to provide an answer .
The meeting was the first time US and Iranian officials have held face - to - face talks on the nuclear issue .
Senior US official William Burns was present at the Geneva talks - although he made no public comment .
Instead , state department spokesman Sean McCormack issued a strongly - worded statement in Washington .
" We hope the Iranian people understand that their leaders need to make a choice between co-operation , which would bring benefits to all , and confrontation , which can only lead to further isolation , " he said .
' New opportunity '
Mr McCormack added that Mr Burns had delivered a " clear simple message " that Washington was " serious " about the incentives package but that it would only negotiate with Iran if it upheld its side of the deal .
Diplomats had hoped that Iran would respond to a so - called " freeze - for - freeze " offer , under which a freeze of Iran 's uranium enrichment programme at its current levels would be matched by a Western pledge not to strengthen sanctions on Tehran .
" It was a constructive meeting , but still we did n't get the answer to our questions , " EU envoy Javier Solana told reporters .
' FREEZE-FOR -FREEZE ' OFFER
Iran suspends its nuclear activities including the installation of any new centrifuges
At same time the six world powers refrain from any new Security Council resolution on sanctions
Talks can then start on long - term deal on recognising Iran 's right to develop nuclear energy for civilian purposes , and lifting of sanctions
Q&A : Iran and the nuclear issue Nuclear power in Middle East " We hope very much we get the answer and we hope it will be done in a couple of weeks , " he said .
Mr Solana said he had agreed with Iran 's chief negotiator , Saeed Jalili , to speak again either by telephone or personally in two weeks .
The BBC's Jon Leyne in Tehran says Iran is interested in the offer but it is unclear whether there are divisions in the leadership or the Iranians are playing for time .
Mr Jalili said he had put forward many positive ideas and he urged Western powers not to turn away from negotiations .
" This package we have proposed contains a number of possibilities .
In a nutshell , it is a new opportunity which should not be lost . "
But doubt was cast over the value of the talks , after a member of the Iranian delegation said there was " no chance " of a freeze on the uranium - enrichment programme .
Iran says its nuclear facilities are designed to meet its energy needs , denying that it has a weapons programme .
But Tehran 's continued activity is defying UN Security Council demands to halt enrichment .
Rising tensions
In addition to the EU , Iranian and US envoys , the talks in Geneva 's city hall were attended by representatives from Britain , China , France , Germany and Russia .
The US and Iran have had no diplomatic relations since the 1979 Iranian Revolution and the taking of hostages at the US embassy in Tehran .
Formal contact between the two countries has been extremely limited , though last year they met at ambassadorial level to discuss security in Iraq .
The meeting came after weeks of rising tensions in the Middle East .
The Iranians test - fired missiles last week , and a series of threats and counter - threats between Iran and Israel has been watched nervously in the West .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Researchers from Argentina were surprised to find that a single 550 - kg cow produces between 800 to 1,000 liters of emissions each day .
( Reuters )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In an attempt to understand the extent of cow flatulence on global warming , scientists in Argentina are strapping plastic bags to the backs of cows to capture their emissions .
Argentina has more than 55 million cows , making it a leading producer of beef .
In the study , the scientists were surprised to discover that a standard 550 - kg cow produces between 800 to 1,000 liters of emissions , including methane , each day .
Further , methane - which is also released from landfills , coal mines and leaking gas pipes - is 23 times more effective than carbon dioxide at trapping heat in the atmosphere .
" When we got the first results , we were surprised , " said Guillermo Berra , a researcher at the National Institute of Agricultural Technology in Argentina .
" Thirty percent of Argentina´s ( total greenhouse ) emissions could be generated by cattle . "
In their study , the researchers attached balloon - like plastic packs to the backs of at least 10 cows .
A tube running to the animals´ stomachs collected the gas inside the backpacks , which were then hung from the roof of the corral for analysis .
The Argentine researchers say that the slow digestive system of the cows causes them to produce these large amounts of methane .
Now , the scientists are performing trials of new diets designed to improve the cows´ digestion and reduce global warming .
By feeding cows clover and alfalfa instead of grain , " you can reduce methane emissions by 25 percent , " according to Silvia Valtorta of the National Council of Scientific and Technical Investigations .
via : Reuters
Explore further Global methane emissions soar to record high
Today , rifling through the multitude of guerrilla - gardening Flickr pages and blogs  discovering all the action in Amsterdam , Calgary , Turin , Tokyo or Long Beach  you can almost start to see this kind of vigilante greening as the instinctual human response to city living .
In “ On Guerrilla Gardening , ” Reynolds describes gardeners he has met around the world through his own blog , guerrillagardening.org .
( Its forum , where guerrillas plan “ troop digs ” and exchange advice , now has more than 4,000 registered users . )
These include a sunflower specialist in Brussels ; a founder of an unsanctioned community garden currently fighting eviction from vacant lots in Berlin ; and the San Franciscans who converted disused properties into vegetable gardens , even pirating absentee owners ’ water .
Reynolds ’s book is also full of references to horticultural “ sleeper cells ” and “ shock and awe ” plantings , and culls tactical advice from the writings of Che Guevara and Mao Zedong  though “ I think Mao comes across far more kindly than I intended him to , ” he told me regretfully .
Reynolds has helped build 28 gardens around London over the last four years .
Unlike many guerrillas I spoke to , he is not building big community gardens , growing food or hijacking neglected , privately owned land to critique the capitalist system .
Instead , he is planting strictly ornamental arrangements of flowers and shrubs on roundabouts , roadsides , tree pits and other slivers of public land that have fallen into disrepair .
He is fundamentally an aesthete .
And at first glance , there ’s a confounding innocence to it all .
Yet Reynolds has managed to stir controversy and , very recently , found himself surrounded by the police .
He is quickly becoming both a subculture celebrity ( Adidas sent him a treatment for a guerrilla - gardening - themed ad campaign ) and a public intellectual , challenging ideas about what it means to live in a city  simply by decorating one .
Reynolds says that he has gardened with several hundred guerrillas in London and now hears of actions he had nothing to do with planning .
A few weeks before the dig in Hoxton , a new acquaintance asked for his help reforming a muddy median near Camden ’s Hawley Arms pub  a famed Amy Winehouse haunt that burned in a huge fire in February .
“ It ’s been described here , very inappropriately , as the 9/11 of the indie world , ” Reynolds told me .
In the spirit of healing , guerrillas replanted the area with hedging donated by a woman in Notting Hill .
( Reynolds gets frequent donations of plants and cash and says he spent about $ 1,400 of his own money on gardening last year . )
They planned to prune the hedges into topiary the shape of Winehouse ’s hairdo .
Reynolds calls such neglected plots “ orphaned land . ”
Sometimes , as is the case with the plot in Hoxton , each relevant city agency assumes another one is responsible for the upkeep of a particular patch .
Orphaned land is an abundant , underutilized resource in the postindustrial city , as is the creative energy of people like Reynolds who would love to garden but ca n’t afford land of their own .
That is , even in cities where land is scarce and expensive , substantial amounts of it are left derelict .
Thus , guerrilla gardening mobilizes gardeners without land to take over land without gardeners .
A space that previously meant nothing to anyone is turned into “ a catalyst for community conversation , ” Reynolds says , generating a feeling of shared ownership of the city .
By now , most of his energy is devoted to looking after about a half - dozen established plots , keeping his work there from reverting into hives of overgrowth and litter .
He and his girlfriend , Lyla Patel , often tidy up or weed at night , on their way home from pubs and parties .
Patel , who is 27 and grew up in London , told me that the only times strangers have ever struck up conversations with her on the street are when she ’s gardening .
Patel and I took the tube to Hoxton together since Reynolds ’s car was packed with plants .
She lovingly described him as easily impassioned and distracted  a classic dilettante , if he were n’t also an incorrigible overachiever about everything .
Reynolds and his brother were briefly signed to a record label as an electronic - music duo , and along with a friend , he silkscreens and sells a line of T - shirts .
One afternoon , he told me he was thinking about starting a one - man painting - and - decorating business to earn extra cash .
The next day , he had a Web site up and his first job , redoing a bathroom .+
Even after outsourcing my e-mail to a virtual assistant , there are still a few messages that come over the transom .
Since the success of the book , I ’ve been able to see some of the worst e-mail pitches out there .
Here is an example of how to do it properly , with 5 tips and good template phrases bolded :
Hi Tim , I hope all is well ( and I gather from your celebrity that it is — I ca n’t seem to go a week without seeing your book or name somewhere ) .
I know you place tremendous value on your time so I ’ll be brief .
The website I launched last fall ( www.SmartRaise.com) has evolved into a much more far - reaching venture : a software company that provides fundraising optimization and online advocacy solutions for nonprofits .
I ’m raising $ 500 - 750 k for the business , called Donor Loyalty Corp , and have a meaningful percentage of that already committed from various Angel investors .
Naturally , I ’m courting a number of prospective Angels from my personal network to hopefully fill out the rest of the round .
However , I was curious if your experience has taught you any lessons about identifying seed - stage investors and , more specifically , if you ’ve come to know any Princeton Alums or other individuals who have an appetite for deals like these .
I ’ve attached my fundraising deck for some context .
I understand if you ’re too busy to answer in depth or would prefer not to discuss the topic given our limited interactions in the past .
However , if the professor in you has any pearls of wisdom or specific thoughts , they would be greatly appreciated .
Thanks in advance and I hope we can connect .
Best , Robert J. Moore ‘ 06
###
Here are a few notes on this e-mail and what makes it more likely to get a response :
1 . It ’s short and what he ’s requesting is clear .
No “ let ’s jump on the phone for 10 minutes ; it ’ll be worth your time . ”
2 . He made an impression in our initial meeting , and he has n’t irritated me with zero - content “ keeping in touch ” e-mails .
He has n’t worn out his inbox welcome .
3 . He makes it clear that he ’s doing his part and has explored other avenues before asking for my help .
It ’s amazing how many would - be mentees or beneficiaries ask busier people for answers Google could provide in 20 seconds .
That puts you on the banned list .
Explicitly state what you ’ve done to get answers or help yourself .
4 . He used the executive recruiter referral trick .
Seldom will a headhunter call a gainfully employed CXO - level executive and ask them to take another position .
They ’ll instead ask the exec if they know anyone who might be interested in position X .
The intention is clear ( might you consider this job over your current employer ? ) , but it gives the executive a comfortable decline option .
5 . He makes it clear that it ’s OK if I ca n’t help or if I ’m too committed elsewhere .
This — paradoxically — makes it much more likely he ’ll get a response , which he did .
The above 5 tenets should be considered for any e-mail to someone who probably deletes more e-mail in a day than you read in a week .
If they appear in media regularly , assume that you are competing against at least 100 similar requests .
E-mail is like food .
Good recipes produce good results , but you need to follow the proper steps .
###
Did you like this ?
If so , please share it !
Better email = less headache = a better world .
Related and Recommended
The Tim Ferriss
Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world with more than 500 million downloads .
It has been selected for " Best of Apple Podcasts " three times , it is often the # 1 interview podcast across all of Apple Podcasts , and it 's been ranked # 1 out of 400,000 + podcasts on many occasions .
To listen to any of the past episodes for free , check out this page .
There is one small detail that a lot of us forget when we jump in to a new venture .
The one nit - picky thing is that it is usually a good idea to have a maket to sell in to .
Some products find a market .
Some will disrupt a market .
A few will capture a market , and even fewer will create a market .
Is there such thing as an Enterprise 2.0 market ?
If so , can you sell in to it ?
If not : are there startups trying to sell to customers who do n’t exist ?
To answer the question : There is no Enterprise 2.0 market .
Enterprise 2.0 budgets do not exist , except where some early adoptors create them , and there is no Enterprise 2.0 sales cycle .
There are very few incentive available to experts right now and the discontinuity that has arisen in the concept is a symptom of that .
From an economic point of view , Enterprise 2.0 does not exist .
This presents a problem for a few people , but most of all it is a barb in the side of the world of Enterprise 2.0 Startups we have seen emerging in the last few years .
Most have spent a lot of time , and even more money , trying to sell in to a market that they have no power to either create , define or own .
If you are trying to define an Enterprise 2.0 market , then you will first need to define a problem set that is solveable and that customers in the market will reward you for solving .
Defining the narrower Enterprise 2.0 Software Market means having a problem set that is solveable by software alone .
If you are a provider of software only , then this is a big problem right now .
OUCH
Since the genesis of the term Enterprise 2.0 , most of us have not had a problem describing the technology that falls under its umbrella .
SLATES , which stands for Search , Links , Authoring , Tags , Extensions , and Signals , is a prime example as it defines a set of technical patterns which could theoretically be applied to solve some set of problems , but the catch is that the problem set still remains largely undefined 2 years later .
What markets do exist ?
You can approach this problem 2 ways .
The first is to offer a solution that solves a basic need across a host of industries .
Jeff mentioned Echosign as a great example of this , their digital signature solution is growing steadily across a large customer base and they are potentially becoming a platform for other identity - based solutions .
This is dramatically different from selling a suite of tools to a host of industries , it is focused on solving a specific problem using the 2.0 motif .
The second approach is to sell in to existing vertical markets .
That means you are building an Enterprise 2.0 specific toolkit for an industry that needs it .
In doing this your solution will have not offer just the same Social Bookmarking , Tagging , Blogs , and Wikis that you probably have , but you will need to offer vertical - specific features which string your Enterprise 2.0 tools together .
In doing this there is also a potentially lucrative platform play in partnering with other E2.0 companies who want to sell in to your vertical market .
You will die on that cross
Do not go to war for Enterprise 2.0 .
We are seeing many of the failings of the moniker as its message has become more and more fuzzy , it is time for you to rescue your startup and refocus .
The people who are making the most money off this term right now are consultants who are helping their clients navigate some of the fluff from the substance .
An Enterprise 2.0 market can only emerge when there are a significant number of healthy startups who are successful in either their own vertical or niche space .
Through the slow rolling up ( consolidation ) of those smaller markets , a larger market can be created .
This has been seen with Content Management and even with Sharepoint ( yes , there is a Sharepoint market ) .
It never did happen with Knowledge Management however .
What about me ? , I am an Enterprise 2.0 customer
I can only imagine that this post is a little confusing for those of you who are trying to bring Enterprise 2.0 solutions in to your companies .
Here is my advice :
Find a real problem and find a real solution for it
If you recognize like I do that throwing grease ( I mean – SLATES ) on the fire will only make it worse , then try to focus in .
What specific problems in your organization could benefit from a blog - based approach , or under what circumstances would a wiki solve a real headache .
What I am saying is : Turn off the noise and get down to work
Do n’t trumpet Enterprise 2.0 , talk about those real problems
When you find or solve a problem then you should talk about it not in terms of Enterprise 2.0 , but in terms of an agile , low - cost approach .
This makes sense to a lot more people .
I believe that Enterprise 2.0 provides a framework under which early adoptors are able to connect and share their own knowledge , but it is far too loosely defined in order to be able to be applied directly to any set of organizational problems .
What makes it worse is that also means there is no market which can sustain Enterprise 2.0 innovation , and I believe that lack of a knowledge market and of a real dollar market is why we have seen so little movement in the concept in the last year .
The Enterprise 2.0 moniker is for those who do not need direct economic reward or incentive .
DIGG THIS
Major General Smedley Darlington Butler , one of the most colorful officers in the Marine Corps , was one of two Marines to receive two Congressional Medals of Honor for separate acts of outstanding heroism .
General Butler was born in 1881 and raised as a Quaker .
He was still in his teens when he was commissioned as a second lieutenant for the war with Spain and served in the Philippines , China , Puerto Rico , Panama , Nicaragua , Mexico , Haiti , France , and , after a stint as Director of Public Safety in Philadelphia , in China again .
General Butler died at the Naval Hospital in Philadelphia on 21 June 1940 .
At the time of his death he was the most decorated marine in U.S. history .
General Butler has had a naval destroyer , a military base and a chapter of Veterans for Peace ( the ‘ Smed Butts ’ ) named for him .
He is loved and quoted not only in the United States but around the world .
We are fortunate to have General Butler with us for this “ interview ” conducted by Don Bacon , who founded the Smedley Butler Society several years ago to perpetuate the memory of this masterful maverick Marine .
General Butler is no longer with us in body but his spirit and his popularity live on .
He left us a legacy in deeds and words which we have used to construct this imaginary interview that includes his verbatim words and paraphrased quotations .
Much of what follows comes from General Butler ’s book War Is a Racket .
Q : General Butler , the United States military is currently bogged down in Iraq .
What are your thoughts ?
General Butler :
When our forefathers planned this government , they saw no necessity for foreign wars , for wars that did n’t concern us .
As a matter of fact , after we got our independence our army and navy were eliminated .
The Constitution states that the Congress has the power to provide for the common defense , and has the power to raise and support armies , but it also states that such forces ca n’t be funded for more than two years .
It says nothing about foreign wars .
We had a militia , that is each state had a militia , but this was the only armed force at the time and was not to be used beyond the territorial limits of the United States .
If you look into history , you will find that during the War of 1812 a certain regiment of militia marched northward toward Canada , but they refused to cross the border and went home .
The militia was for home defense only .
That ’s what our armed forces should be .
Home defenders , ready and able to defend our homes , to defend us against attack , and that ’s all .
Q : What do you think of the recent militarization of US foreign policy , with all this emphasis on force .
And do you think it ’s fun to shoot people as Marine Corps General Mattis once said ?
General Butler : Well , I served in the Marine Corps for thirty - three years , and of course my military philosophy evolved .
As a seventeen - year - old second lieutenant in the Boxer rebellion , and then as a field grade officer in Central America and Haiti , I conducted myself with a certain flair .
Later , as a brigadier general commanding troops in China again , I had a different , and I think more successful , way of dealing with the differences of opinion that normally occur in the course of human events .
We had some interests in China at the time , and some Americans were just hoopin ’ and hollerin ’ for military action .
I , however , felt that they all had personal axes to grind .
They were just trouble makers and not problem solvers .
If you took them seriously and tried to listen to everything that they said , you ’d be hopelessly mixed up .
I felt that the local people should settle , among themselves , their own form of government and their own ruler .
Our job was to make sure they did n’t molest our people , that ’s all .
As long as I was commander , we were n’t going to do what we did in the Banana Wars .
We were n’t going to cause a lot of violence and take over their banks and run things the way we did in Central America , which I unfortunately had a hand in .
I felt that the millions of dollars in American capital in China was nothing compared to the taxes Americans would have to pay for the battleships and Marines to protect them .
At the time , we were known as " the Marines who would n’t fight " which was fine with me .
My views have n’t changed .
Q : What do you think of the current political situation in Washington , with warmongers in control of the government and their talk of continuous war ?
General Butler : Back in my day we had similar people .
In Italy there was Benito Mussolini , who said : “ Fascism . . . believes neither in the possibility or the utility of perpetual peace . . .
War alone brings up to its highest tension all human energy . ”
I did n’t like this fascist , or any fascist , but the US media loved him .
As you may know , I was put under arrest and threatened with court - martial for criticizing Mussolini at the time .
Later on , I stopped the bankers ’ putsch against Roosevelt .
See , some Wall Street big shots wanted to topple President Roosevelt and the New Deal .
I was a life - long Republican , and they knew that I was a soldier ’s general , so they approached me and wanted me to lead an army of five hundred thousand veterans to overthrow the government .
We ’d do the whole thing from Civilian Conservation Corps camps , which were already set up .
If I refused , they were going to get MacArthur .
Well , I blew the whistle on them .
I always sided with the underdog against the rich and powerful with their damnable wars , and I ’d do it again .
I spent 33 years and 4 months in active service as a member of our country ’s most agile military force  the Marine Corps .
I served in all commissioned ranks from second lieutenant to Major General .
And during that period I spent most of my time being a high - class muscle man for big business , for Wall Street and for the bankers .
In short , I was a racketeer for capitalism .
I suspected I was part of a racket all the time .
Now I am sure of it .
Like all members of the military profession I never had an original thought until I left the service .
Q : Getting back to the Iraq war , many reports say that the troops are being treated poorly , that they have their service extended , that their equipment and medical care are substandard and that their lack of financial support is punitive and insulting .
We do n’t hear of a soldier ’s general these days ; how did you operate differently ?
General Butler :
If you take care of the troops , they ’ll take care of you .
Some military people are just careerists , and you ca n’t expect civilians who never served to understand soldiers .
In 1917 , when I commanded the training base at Quantico , I opposed elevating the Corps Commandant to lieutenant general so long as the soldiers were getting no extra reward for doing the heavy work in the trenches .
When I was sent to France , we had a situation where we were building up to a million men but our camp was knee - deep in eternal mud and supply requisitions were n’t working .
So one afternoon I marched down to the docks with seven thousand men , confiscated fifty thousand sections of duckboards , which were wooden slats to be used in trenches , plus some shovels and kettles that we needed , and we carried them back to camp .
Since I too carried a duckboard up the hill , I became known as General Duckboard .
Hell , I ’ve been called worse names than that .
I ’ve been called a devil - dog , the bad boy of the marines , maverick Marine , old gimlet eye  I did n’t much care for that  and , by Teddy Roosevelt , the ideal American soldier .
I liked that one .
Anyhow , years later , in 1932 , when President Hoover and the Congress had denied these brave men their bonus , these same wonderful men I had served with in France , and twenty thousand of them gathered in Washington , I urged them to stick it out .
You ’ve heard of the bonus marchers ?
I got up on this rickety stand they had built and said : “ You hear folks call you fellows tramps , but they did n’t call you that in ’ 17 and ’ 18 .
I never saw such fine soldiers .
I never saw such discipline . . .
You have as much right to lobby here as the United States Steel Corporation . ”
If I were around today I ’d be up on that stand again , believe me .
Then General MacArthur came through and cleaned ’em out .
I have no comment on that .
Q : There has been a lot of evidence of corporate profiteering on this current war , extending to the highest levels .
What ’s you view ?
General Butler : War is a racket .
It always has been .
It is possibly the oldest , easily the most profitable , surely the most vicious .
It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives .
A racket is best described , I believe , as something that is not what it seems to the majority of people .
Only a small “ inside ” group knows what it is about .
It is conducted for the benefit of the very few , at the expense of the very many .
Out of the war a few people make huge fortunes .
New millionaires and billionaires are created in a war .
How many of these war millionaires shouldered a rifle ?
How many of them dug a trench ?
How many of them were wounded or killed in battle ?
Out of war , nations acquire additional territory .
They just take it .
This newly acquired territory is exploited by the few  the self - same few who wrung dollars out of blood in the war .
The general public shoulders the bill .
And what is this bill ?
This bill renders a horrible accounting .
Newly placed gravestones .
Mangled bodies .
Shattered minds .
Broken hearts and homes .
Economic instability .
Depression and all its attendant miseries .
Back - breaking taxation for generations and generations .
Truly , war is a racket .
Q : What do you suggest Americans do to stop this war ?
General Butler : The Government declares war .
To say helplessly :
As individuals we have nothing to do with it , ca n’t prevent it .
But who are we ?
Well , “ we ” right now are the mothers and fathers of every able - bodied boy of military age in the United States .
“ We ” are also you young men of voting age and over , that they ’ll use for cannon fodder .
And “ we ” can prevent it .
Now  you mothers , particularly .
The only way you can resist all this war hysteria and beating tomtoms is by hanging onto the love you bear your boys .
When you listen to some well - worded , well - delivered speech , just remember that it ’s nothing but sound .
It ’s your boy that matters .
And no amount of sound can make up to you for the loss of your boy .
After you ’ve heard one of those speeches and your blood ’s all hot and you want to bite somebody like Hitler  go upstairs to where your boy ’s asleep .
. . .
Look at him .
Put your hand on that spot on the back of his neck .
The place you used to love to kiss when he was a baby .
Just rub it a little .
You wo n’t wake him up , he knows it ’s just you .
Just look at his strong , fine young body because only the best boys are chosen for war .
Look at this splendid young creature who ’s part of yourself , then close your eyes for a moment and I ’ll tell you what can happen . . .
Somewhere  five thousand miles from home .
Night .
Darkness .
Cold .
A drizzling rain .
The noise is terrific .
All Hell has broken loose .
A star shell burst in the air .
Its unearthly flare lights up the muddy field .
There ’s a lot of tangled rusty barbed wires out there and a boy hanging over them  his stomach ripped out , and he ’s feebly calling for help and water .
His lips are white and drawn .
He ’s in agony .
There ’s your boy .
The same boy who ’s lying in bed tonight .
The same boy who trusts you .
. . .
Are you going to run out on him ?
Are you going to let someone beat a drum or blow a bugle and make him chase after it ?
Thank God , this is a democracy and by your voice and your vote you can save your boy .
( from a 1939 broadcast )
Q : Finally , general , how do we end this war racket ?
General Butler :
Well , it ’s a racket all right .
A few profit , and the many pay .
But there is a way to stop it .
You ca n’t end it by disarmament conferences , peace parlays in Geneva or well - meaning resolutions .
It can be smashed effectively only by taking the profit out of war .
First , before the government can recruit or conscript young people for military service , they must conscript politicians and industry and labor .
Pay them the same that the soldiers get .
They are n’t running any risk of being killed or having their bodies mangled or their minds shattered , so why should n’t they ?
Second , hold a limited plebiscite to determine whether war should be declared , not of all the voters , but merely those who would be called upon to do the fighting .
Why have the old president of a munitions firm or the flat - footed head of a tank plant vote on a venture of high profit and no risk to them ?
A third step in this business of smashing the war racket is to make certain that our military forces are truly forces for defense only .
At each session of Congress the question of naval appropriations comes up .
The swivel - chair admirals in Washington are very adroit lobbyists .
And they are smart .
They do n’t shout : “ We need a lot of battleships to war on this nation or that nation . ”
Oh no .
First they say that our nation is menaced by a great naval power , poised to strike suddenly and annihilate our people .
Next they cry for a larger navy , for defense purposes only , of course .
Then , they announce maneuvers in the Pacific Ocean , and the Indian Ocean , and the Gulf of Arabia , and any other place that ’s blue on the globe .
The countries that border on these waters will be pleased beyond expression to see these warships just off their shores , just as we would be pleased as punch to see , through the morning mist , Chinese warships playing at war games off Los Angeles .
I have proposed a constitutional amendment to limit our military forces to home defense purposes only .
Let ’s pass all our suggested antiwar legislation , let ’s attend all the peace and disarmament conferences , let ’s have all the war protest meetings we can arrange , but if we really want to make war impossible , then let us by all means insist upon adding a Peace Amendment , such as the one which I have drafted , to the United States Constitution .
That ’s how we can smash the war racket .
( end of interview )
Comment : Nobody ever claimed that they did n’t understand General Butler , but a lot of people did n’t like to be spoken to as plainly and as clearly as he spoke .
One said : “ If he was as wise in speech as he was brave in war , he would not have lost the prestige he deserved . ”
Smedley Butler with lost prestige ?
Not on our watch .
Be sure to read General Butler ’s book War Is a Racket , and please do whatever you can do to keep General Butler alive .
May 9 , 2008
The Best of Don Bacon
" Surf the Web " is a happy coincidence .
You do n't have to be young to learn about technology .
You have to feel young .
There was no one " Ah - ha ! " moment .
Not in the sense that many people want to hear .
They see the Internet now and think ,
Well , thirty - six years ago someone imagined what it would look like in 2008 , and that is what drove the process .
It was n't like that at all .
When I first joined Google in October of 2005 , I was warned that I should n't be offended if people were doing their e-mails while a meeting was going on .
There was a first " Oh , no ! " moment .
That was the first time I saw spam pop up .
It could have been as early as ' 79 .
A digital - equipment corporation sent a note around announcing a job opening , and we all blew up , saying , This is not for advertising !
This is for serious work !
I was disappointed that pornography got to the Net .
But I 've come to learn that pornographers are almost always the first ones to adopt new technology .
If there is a new way of distributing their product , they 'll find it .
Will we shoot virtually at each other over the Internet ?
Probably not .
On the other hand , there may be wars fought about the Internet .
Instant messaging and chat rooms have basically created a level playing field for deaf people .
When I was a teenager , I used to wear a sport coat and tie to high school .
Mostly so I did n't look like anyone else .
Instead of nose rings or whatever it is kids do these days , I was carrying a briefcase .
The three - piece suit has become sort of my trademark .
You do n't see them much anymore .
It has several benefits :
You may be overdressed on some occasions , but you can manage to fit into a huge range of circumstances .
I would n't go on a safari in a three - piece suit .
One of my favorite books is The Swiss Family Robinson .
The reason is , I 'm fascinated by the postapocalyptic recovery .
What do we do in a disaster ?
How do we make do ?
It may seem like sort of a waste of time to play World of Warcraft with your son .
But you 're actually interacting with each other .
You 're solving problems .
They may seem like simple problems , but you 're solving them .
You 're posed with challenges that you have to overcome .
You 're on a quest to gain certain capabilities .
I have n't spent a lot of time playing World of Warcraft , because my impression is that it takes a serious amount of time to play it well .
Humor is the only thing that allows you to survive every pressure and crisis .
I find classical music a very beautiful way to focus my thoughts .
Al Gore had seen what happened with the National Interstate and Defense Highways Act of 1956 , which his father introduced as a military bill .
It was very powerful .
Housing went up , suburban boom happened , everybody became mobile .
Al was attuned to the power of networking much more than any of his elective colleagues .
His initiatives led directly to the commercialization of the Internet .
So he really does deserve credit .
People on foot , donkeys , the standard sedan , lorries , bicycles , people on skates .
You do n't see too many elephants , but you do see a lot of cattle .
The horn is not used there in the way Americans use horns .
The way I get around India is someone else drives .
In Silicon Valley , failure is experience .
Now , if you fail at everything , that 's different .
But a failure is a mark of experience more than anything else .
The joke is that there are four words you have to remember in a successful marriage : " You 're absolutely right , dear . "
My wife and I look at our kids and say , They 're not ready for marriage .
Then we look at each other and say , Why did we think we were ?
People are inventing not only virtual places but new economic principles .
We have economists in the Second Life environment studying what people are doing , because these are real people making decisions .
Maybe you want to have a different hairdo or different clothing or a boob job -- whatever it is .
People will pay to enhance their avatar .
Reproducing is n't nearly as much fun in Second Life .
At the roots , people are still people .
That 's why Shakespeare is so popular no matter what the language .
The closer you look at something , the more complex it seems to be .
Over a period of a hundred or a thousand years , the probability of maintaining continuity of the software to interpret the old stuff is probably close to zero .
Where would you find a projector for an 8 mm film these days ?
If the new software can't understand , we 've lost the information .
I call this bit rot .
It 's a serious problem .
I 'd like to know what the Internet is going to look like in 2050 .
Thinking about it makes me wish I were eight years old .
Published in the May 2008 issue .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Your browser does not support JavaScript ( if you are using Netscape 3 or higher or Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 or higher you may have JavaScript turned off in your network preferences ) , so you cannot use the Network Calculators .
If you use a JavaScript - capable browser , such as the newer versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator , you 'll be able to use the calculators .
Netscape Navigator 4.0.x
Users :
There is a known bug in Netscape Navigator 4.0.x which will cause you to see this message if you have the local cache turned off .
Another simple yet inspiring under - the - radar Firefox 3 feature hit our inbox today : a more useful and attractive interface for browsing FTP sites .
The FTP update tweaks the layout significantly , but what 's most useful is that you can now sort items in an FTP directory by name , size , or modified date .
( Here , check out the Mozilla FTP site to give it a try ; click on the column names to sort them . )
No , it 's not a top 10 Firefox 3 feature , but like multi- line text selection , little tweaks like this make all the difference .
Thanks Scott !
Advertisement
This class creates a buffered iterator for reading big arrays in small contiguous blocks .
The class is useful for objects stored in the filesystem .
It allows iteration over the object without reading everything in memory ; instead , small blocks are read and iterated over .
The class can be used with any object that supports multidimensional slices , like variables from Scientific .
IO.NetCDF , pynetcdf and ndarrays .
The latest version is available in a Subversion repository .
A west wing and a prayer ( AP )
The former vice president 's speech last week calling for a renewable - energy revolution �a " zero carbon " electricity system by 2018 �was met with more skepticism than generally greets the environmental ideas of the Oscar and Nobel prize winner .
Even his surprise appearance this weekend alongside House speaker Nancy Pelosi at a bloggers ' convention in Texas did n't translate into an avalanche of blogosphere praise ( though he did get the de rigeur standing ovation . )
The right , of course , pilloried ...
FORESIGHT ….
In response to all sorts of different questions about Barack Obama —
Why should we support him ?
How is a first - term Senator suddenly winning the nomination ?
How can he beat John McCain ?
What kind of President will he be ? —
I like to point to these three paragraphs from his 2002 speech against the Iraq War :
But I also know that Saddam poses no imminent and direct threat to the United States , or to his neighbors , that the Iraqi economy is in shambles , that the Iraqi military a fraction of its former strength , and that in concert with the international community he can be contained until , in the way of all petty dictators , he falls away into the dustbin of history .
I know that even a successful war against Iraq will require a US occupation of undetermined length , at undetermined cost , with undetermined consequences .
I know that an invasion of Iraq without a clear rationale and without strong international support will only fan the flames of the Middle East , and encourage the worst , rather than best , impulses of the Arab world , and strengthen the recruitment arm of al - Qaeda .
I am not opposed to all wars .
I ’m opposed to dumb wars .
What ’s special about this speech is n’t just that Obama opposes the war .
It ’s that he clearly and concisely predicts several major problems with it , and his predictions have been borne out by history .
We had superior ways of dealing with whatever threats Saddam presented , reconstructing the country would be a mess , and the war would strengthen al - Qaeda .
Obama made these points at a time when Democrats with political ambitions were falling over themselves to look tough on foreign policy by supporting a war they ’d later regret .
Perhaps the most under - remarked fact about the Democratic primary is that if Hillary Clinton had Obama ’s foresight on the Iraq War , she ’d be our nominee today and he probably would n’t have bothered to run .
She had the profile to become the leader of the doves in the Senate , a position that would ’ve gained value dramatically as the war turned out to be a disaster .
There might ’ve been a challenge from the right , but she would ’ve consolidated left - wing support and won easily .
Instead , she became one of the more hawkish Democrats in the Senate , and was probably the most hawkish figure onstage during the Democratic debates .
Without even seriously repenting her mistaken vote on the biggest foreign policy question of our time , it ’s a surprise that she got as far as she did .
Obama ’s foresight is also going to be a tremendous advantage in the general election .
John McCain blew the biggest foreign policy question of our time , and he ’s still proud to have voted as he did .
( Fortunately , two thirds of Americans are aware that the war was a mistake , though it ’s unclear if they know how extreme McCain ’s views are . )
McCain claims his experience as an advantage , but the point of experience is supposed to be that you do n’t make wrong decisions and get thousands of our soldiers killed for no reason .
Obama , by contrast , figured out that the war was a bad idea from the beginning .
I look forward to seeing this contrast emphasized in the general election .
I want a president whose foreign policy is guided more by rational evaluation of the situations we face than a desire to look tough .
And with Barack Obama , that ’s what I ’m getting .
Even if your major progressive interests lie elsewhere , making foreign policy a perceived Democratic strength will help you achieve your goals .
With Obama ’s foresight — both as he exercised it in 2002 , and as he ’ll exercise it in office — we can do that .
We all have preferences for our ideal mate , but research suggests what we say we want might not be what we choose when we come face - to - face with potential partners .
WINNFIELD , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
A police officer shocked a handcuffed Baron " Scooter " Pikes nine times with a Taser after arresting him on a cocaine charge .
Baron Pikes , 21 , was Tasered nine times by a police officer in January in Winnfield , Louisiana .
He stopped twitching after seven , according to a coroner 's report .
Soon afterward , Pikes was dead .
Now the officer , since fired , could end up facing criminal charges in Pikes ' January death after medical examiners ruled it a homicide .
Dr. Randolph Williams , the Winn Parish coroner , told CNN the 21 - year - old sawmill worker was jolted so many times by the 50,000 - volt Taser that he might have been dead before the last two shocks were delivered .
Williams ruled Pikes ' death a homicide in June after extensive study .
Winn Parish District Attorney Christopher Nevils said he will decide on any charges against the ex-officer , Scott Nugent , once a Louisiana State Police report on the case is complete .
Watch coroner describe how cop might 've Tasered a dead man »
" It 's taken several months for this case to even be properly addressed , so one has to wonder , why did it take so long ? " said Carol Powell Lexing , a lawyer for the Pikes family .
" Obviously , a wrongful death occurred . "
Nugent 's lawyer , Phillip Terrell , said his client followed proper procedure to subdue a man who outweighed him by 100 pounds .
But Williams said Pikes was already handcuffed and on the ground when first hit with the Taser , after the 247 - pound suspect was slow to follow police orders to get up .
Winnfield , a sleepy lumber town about 100 miles southeast of Shreveport , Louisiana , is best known as the birthplace of legendary Louisiana governors Huey and Earl Long .
It 's also about 45 miles northwest of Jena , Louisiana , where a racially charged assault case sparked a September 2007 demonstration by an estimated 15,000 people .
Watch racism charges fly after Taser death »
One of the teenage defendants in that case , Mychal Bell , is Pikes ' first cousin -- and his lawyer was Powell Lexing .
Black in America Soledad O'Brien examines the successes , struggles and complex issues faced by black men , women and families -- 40 years after the death of Rev. Martin Luther King Jr .
Watch July 23 and 24 , at 9 p.m. ET see full schedule »
Nugent is white ;
Pikes was black .
His death led to demonstrations that drew several dozen people in Winnfield , where the population of about 15,000 is roughly half African - American .
" The family wants justice , " Lexing said .
" This is just another example of why it 's very important to stay vigilant with these types of cases , on the injustice that 's been perpetrated on the disadvantaged . "
But Winnfield police Lt. Chuck Curry said race " is n't an issue at all " in the matter .
" This has come down to a police officer that was trying to apprehend a suspect that they had warrants for , " he said .
" He done what he thought he was trained to do to bring that subject into custody .
At some point , something happened with his body that caused him to go into cardiac arrest or whatever . "
See how Tasers work »
According to police , Pikes was wanted on a charge of possession of cocaine when police tried to arrest him outside a shopping center January 12 .
" He would not stop for the officer , " Curry said .
" At some point in there , he was Tased to bring him under control , and several hours later , died at the emergency room . "
Terrell said Pikes was fighting Nugent " on uneven ground " amid obstructions such as concrete blocks and barbed wire .
" He 's fighting , wrestling with an individual who weighs 100 pounds more than him , " he said .
" His partner had just come back to the police department from triple bypass surgery and could not assist Officer Nugent . "
Terrell said his client " used every means possible " to take Pikes into custody before pulling out his Taser , a weapon Winnfield police purchased in 2007 .
" The only thing he could have done other than to say , ' OK , we 're going to let you go ' is to beat him or Tase him .
He did the right thing , " Terrell said .
Williams , who ruled Pikes ' death a homicide in June after extensive study , said Nugent fired his Taser at Pikes six times in less than three minutes -- shots recorded by a computer chip in the weapon 's handle .
Then officers put Pikes in the back of a cruiser and drove him to their police station -- where Nugent fired a seventh shot , directly against Pikes ' chest .
" After he was given that drive stun to the chest , he was pulled out of the car onto the concrete , " Williams told CNN .
" He was electroshocked two more times , which two officers noted that he had no neuromuscular response to those last two 50,000 - volt electroshocks . "
Williams said he had two nationally known forensic pathologists , including former New York city medical examiner Michael Baden , review the case before issuing his conclusions .
He said it 's possible Nugent was shocking a dead man the last two times he pulled the trigger .
" This fellow was talking in the back seat of the car prior to shot number seven , " he said .
" From that point on , it becomes questionable [ if Pikes was still alive ] . "
Curry said Pikes told officers he suffered from asthma and had been using PCP and crack cocaine .
But Williams said he found no sign of drug use in the autopsy , and no record of asthma in Pikes ' medical history .
In the year since Winnfield police received Tasers , officers have used them 14 times , according to police records -- with 12 of the instances involving black suspects .
Ten of the 14 incidents involved Nugent , who has no public disciplinary record .
Nugent was suspended after Pikes ' death , and Winnfield 's City Council voted 3 - 2 to fire him in May .
He is appealing his dismissal , and his lawyer says he followed proper procedures in Pikes ' case .
He was trained in the use of the Taser by a senior police officer who was present during the incident that led to Pikes ' death , Terrell said .
Curry said Taser International , the device 's manufacturer , indicates that " multiple Tasings do not affect a person . "
But he said he could not explain why Pikes was shocked so many times , and said whether Nugent followed proper procedure was " yet to be determined . "
But a copy of the Winnfield Police Department 's Taser training manual , obtained by CNN , says the device " shall only be deployed in circumstances where it is deemed reasonably necessary to control a dangerous or violent subject . "
And Williams said regulations regarding the use of Tasers were not followed .
" It violated every aspect -- every single aspect -- of the department 's policy about its use , " the coroner said .
Winnfield has seen a spate of high - profile corruption cases in recent years .
One of Nevils ' predecessors as district attorney , Terry Reeves , killed himself amid allegations of embezzlement and extortion .
The town 's current police chief , Johnny Ray Carpenter , is a convicted drug offender who received a pardon from former Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards who himself is now serving a federal prison term for racketeering .
And Carpenter 's predecessor , Gleason Nugent -- the father of Pikes ' arresting officer -- committed suicide in 2005 , after allegations of fraud and vote buying in the race for police chief , an elected position in Winnfield .
Now Nevils is awaiting the state police report on Pikes ' death , which will be presented to a grand jury for possible charges against Nugent -- a possibility Curry said would be a blow to the department .
" It 's one of these no - win situations , " he said .
" No matter the outcome , nobody 's going to win in this case . "
All About Jena ( Louisiana ) • TASER International Inc. • Louisiana
H. B. Reese AKA Harry Burnett Reese Born : 24 - May - 1879
Birthplace : York County , PA
Died : 16 - May - 1956
Location of death : West Palm Beach , FL
Cause of death : Heart Failure
Remains : Buried , Hershey Cemetery , Hershey , PA
Gender : Male
Religion : Presbyterian
Race or Ethnicity : White
Sexual orientation : Straight
Occupation : Business Nationality : United States
Executive summary : Peanut butter cups Harry Burnett Reese was raised on a farm , and as an adult worked as a farmer , fish packaging worker , and did other factory work .
He was hired to work on Milton Hershey 's dairy farm in 1916 , and was later employed at one of Hershey 's chocolate factories .
Reese was still working there when he started making his own candies in the basement of his house .
First he made after - dinner mints , then concocted a few simple candy bars .
Reese 's Raisin Clusters and Chocolate - Covered Dates sold well , but his best - sellers were Peanut Butter Cups , introduced in 1928 .
As sales increased he quit his job at Hershey and built a small factory in the same town -- Hershey , Pennsylvania .
To meet the demand Reese discontinued all his other candies .
Hershey saw Reese more as a customer than as competition -- Reese made his own peanut butter , but always bought his chocolate wholesale from Hershey ( who reportedly kept a stash of Reese 's Peanut Butter Cups in his desk ) .
The H.B. Reese Candy Company was merged into the Hershey Company seven years after Reese 's death , with his children receiving about five percent ownership in Hershey .
Reese is buried in the Hershey Cemetery alongside his wife , just footsteps from Milton Hershey 's grave .
Father : Aquilla Asbury Reese , Jr. ( farmer , b. 1845 , d. 1914 )
Mother : Annie Belinda Manifold ( b. 1854 , d. 1935 )
Wife : Blanche Edna Hyson ( nearly blind from childhood , b. 20 - Aug - 1882 , m. 1 - Aug-1900 )
Daughter : Mary Elizabeth Reese Pearson
Son : Robert Hyson Reese ( Reese Company executive )
Son : John Manifold Reese ( Reese Company executive )
Daughter : Anna Alfreda Reese Twohig ( nurse )
Son : Edward Irons Reese ( Reese Company executive )
Daughter : Marjorie Marie Reese Staggs ( nurse )
Son : Ralph Collins Reese ( Reese Company executive )
Daughter : Helen Grace Reese Carson
Daughter : Clara Louise Reese Lauzon
Daughter : Frances Turner Reese Hoke
Daughter : Rose Amos Reese Rippon
Daughter : Mildred Jane Reese
Son : Harry Burnett Reese Jr.
Son : Thomas Reese
Son : Charles Richard Reese
Son : William Reese
Hershey
H. B. Reese Candy Company Founder
Welsh Ancestry Paternal
New !
NNDB MAPPER Create a map starting with H. B. Reese Requires Flash 7 + and Javascript .
Do you know something we do n't ?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile
Copyright © 2019 Soylent Communications
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Twenty - three dolphins have died after becoming stranded in shallow waters on the Cornish coast .
It is thought a few dolphins may have got into trouble and that their distress calls lured others .
Jon Kay reports .
Mortal Kombat ’s “ Finish Him ” moves are among the most gruesome and gory scenes in the history of video games .
I mean , have you ever seen Sub Zero rip the head ( along with the spine ) of his opponents ?
That ’s pretty darn disgusting !
Now if you think that gratuitous dismemberments is one of the worse thing you could see in a video game , think again and watch the following video .
You wo n’t consider that big evil voice commenting your game the same way ever again .
[ Via Stephen Fung DOT net ]
LAKE JACKSON , Texas ( AP ) —
Texas officials on Saturday lifted a warning for all but one Houston - area community to stop using tap water because it might be tainted with a deadly brain - eating microbe .
The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality warned the Brazosport Water Authority late Friday of the potential contamination of its water supply by naegleria fowleri .
The authority initially warned eight communities not to use tap water for any reason except to flush toilets , but on Saturday it lifted that warning for all communities but Lake Jackson .
The city of more than 27,000 residents is the site of the authority 's water treatment plant .
The advisory also was canceled for two state prisons and Dow Chemical 's massive Freeport works .
The advisory will remain in place until the authority 's water system has been thoroughly flushed and tests on water samples show the system 's water is again safe to use .
The authority said in a statement that it was unclear how long it would be before the tap water was again safe .
The authority ’s water source is the Brazos River .
Earlier this month , 6 - year - old Josh McIntyre died after contracting the microbe .
The investigation into his death led to the detection of the brain - eating amoeba after heath officials conducted water sample tests , Lake Jackson City Manager Modesto Mundo said in a news release Saturday .
Three of 11 sample tests indicated preliminary positive results for the brain - eating microbe , with one sample coming from the boy 's home hose bib , Mundo said .
Naegleria fowleri is a free - living microscopic amoeba , or single - celled living organism commonly found in warm freshwater and soil , according to the U.S Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
It usually infects people when contaminated water enters the body through the nose .
From there it travels to the brain and can cause a rare and debilitating disease called primary amebic meningoencephalitis .
The infection is usually fatal and typically occurs when people go swimming or diving in warm freshwater places such as lakes and rivers .
In very rare instances , naegleria infections may also occur when contaminated water from other sources ( such as inadequately chlorinated swimming pool water or heated and contaminated tap water ) enters the nose .
The contamination of U.S. treated public water systems by the microbe is rare but not unheard of .
According to the CDC website , the first deaths from naegleria fowleri found in tap water from treated U.S. public drinking water systems occurred in southern Louisiana in 2011 and 2013 .
The microbe also was found in 2003 in an untreated geothermal well - supplied drinking water system in Arizona , as well as in disinfected public drinking water supplies in Australia in the 1970s and ' 80s and in 2008 in Pakistan .
A different method for hard boiling eggs .
30th Apr 2008 Nick Kindelsperger
And what better place to find proof than Harold McGee ?
His On Food and Cooking had a whole section on long cooked eggs .
He calls them “ an intriguing alternative ” which can be cooked for anywhere between “ 6 to 18 hours . ”
Still no recipe , but I ’m finally on to something .
The most interesting aspect about the process is what happens to the flavor , which he says generates “ flavors and pigments typical of browned foods . ”
The first problem was the temperature .
154 degrees is rather exact , and I had no idea if I ’d be able to reach and maintain such a temperature .
I brought a large pot of water to a boil , reduced it to low and waited .
After about 10 minutes I checked the temperature .
155 degrees and holding .
I still ca n’t believe it .
I also checked what would happen if I put a lot of water in a slow cooker and turned the heat to high .
Guess what ?
The temperature hovered about 160 .
I ’m not kidding .
It was n’t supposed to be that easy .
Then I stuck a bunch of eggs in the pot , and set the timer .
At every hour I ’d pull one out , crack it open , and see what had happened .
After 1 hour I was sure this technique was worthless .
The egg yolk looked completely cooked to me .
I expected some creaminess , but all the yolk had lumped together into a big mess .
The whites were set .
Convinced of the fraud that was this slow method , I set another egg in the pot and decided to see what 30 minutes would do .
After 30 minutes the whites had n’t set and the yolk was a mess .
So much with my theory .
I ’d just have to wait .
After 2 hours the yolk had begun to set a little more .
I could see now that I had just jumped the gun .
The yolks were going to be fine .
The whites remained about the same .
After 3 hours there was noticeable increase in creaminess .
Instead of that usual chalky yolk that hard - boiled eggs have , this yolk was nearly spreadable .
After 4 hours the egg got even better .
It did n’t have the typical hard - boiled egg sulfuric aroma , and instead had a perfectly pleasant one .
The yolk was delicious .
After 5 hours something horrible happened .
The white literally fell apart and the yolk looked deformed .
I threw it away , thinking that maybe I just had a bad egg .
The next egg I sampled was the exact same way .
Perhaps water had leaked into the shell causing the whites to break down .
Either way , I had two worthless eggs on my hand , and no more to cook .
The next day I cooked a few more eggs this time in the slow cooker filled with water , and let them sit for 8 to 10 hours .
The whites were fine this time and the yolk maintained its creamy nature .
But the aroma had changed considerably .
I think it was the “ browned ” flavor that McGee had talked about .
It ’s not an awful smell , but I found the 4 hour eggs far more pleasant .
So I ’m not completely sure where I stand on the method .
I do know that after sampling about a dozen eggs , I ’m not going to be having one any time soon .
But the method does work , and I did have the best hard boiled egg I 'd ever eaten .
I ’m sensing a mix of sexism and racism from FOX News on this one – hitting both at once , that might even be a new low for them .
This network should be ostracized by every Democrat – no one in the party should be appearing on FOX ever again .
And if they do , they should be held accountable for it .
And someone should launch a true campaign to take FOX down , once and for all .
So far the efforts have been piecemeal and short - lived .
Someone with the cash and the staff needs to do something real this time .
Feel free to contact FOX :
[ email protected ]
[ email protected ]
Provide a communication alternative for chat , voice and video .
Ekiga and other packages show us that all the basic tools for this are present :
We have the free codecs , which allow high quality voice and video .
We know how to render voice and video smoothly and in high quality .
We know how to design good GUIs and interfaces .
Provide this in an easy to install package for all major OS platforms .
Firefox is an example of an easy to install cross - platform open - source product .
Most controversial : Come up with something else besides SIP .
Skype works as well as it does because they decided to design something different from the ground up , even willing to bend some rules .
Something that was optimised to make it easily work for ordinary home users .
SIP was not designed for it and requires too much fiddling .
We know how Skype does it : Fake TCP connections , using ports that are generally always open , a couple of super - nodes , etc .
It has long been speculated that there might be a backdoor built into Skype , something that would allow Skype ( the company ) or the police to easily monitor Skype conversations .
Skype is closed software and can therefore not be examined on the source level .
In fact , the Skype executable code has been deliberately obfuscated to resist any attempt of analysis .
Skype claims that it uses strong encryption and that therefore your conversations are secure .
But new indications have now emerged that it might not be quite as secure as they would like us to believe .
According to this article here , police in Austria recently claimed that listening to Skype conversations is not a problem for them anymore .
And Skype refused to comment on this or deny it .
Skype supposedly uses the AES encryption algorithm , which is open , has been thoroughly analysed and is generally found to be very secure .
However , claiming to use an algorithm is different from actually implementing it .
And besides , during setup of the conversation there is a key exchange phase , which is handled by an entirely different proprietary algorithm , which has not enjoyed the scrutinty of security experts .
So , assuming for a moment that the claim of the Austrian police is correct , there are two possibilities now : ( a ) Either Skype made a mistake somewhere in the implementation of their encryption algorithms and thus allowed a successful attack on their protocols .
Or ( b ) they have deliberately provided a backdoor for law enforcement or other agencies .
By accepting the convenience of the easy install and painless operation of Skype ( double - click to install and be done , no firewall configuration and fiddling - it just works ) we have now been thoroughly locked - in to a fundamentally flawed communication platform .
Again , a story like this serves as a reminder of the dangers that come with closed - source software , specifically when it deals with your data or your communications .
Both are very personal and valuable things and we trust them to software for which we have no idea of what exactly it is doing ?
That is just wrong .
If Skype were open - source , we would have had a chance to examine it for security vulnerabilities long ago .
And if there is a backdoor built in , we would have found and eliminated that as well .
If the company would have wanted to keep the backdoor they could n't have done so , since a fork of the project would have been made with the problematic code removed .
But that 's the problem with closed - source software :
You can't fix its bugs , you can't find out how it works or what it does with your data , your communications , your social contacts and your life .
Proprietary software provides anti-features , such as backdoors or DRM , which we cannot remove due to the closed nature of the code .
Software runs our lives , if we like it or not .
It governs every aspect of it .
We should n't allow corporations to wrest control over our lives away from us to further their profit margins .
As Lawrence Lessig said :
Free software is the answer to a world built in code .
The open - source community is called to provide an alternative to Skype .
I am a very big fan of open source , but I have to say , as far as offering a Skype alternative , the open source community so far has failed .
Sure , there are SIP soft - phones ( Ekiga , etc. ) , which are all well and good .
But can grandma install and use them ?
No .
As long as those alternatives fail the " grandma test " they are not any serious competition to Skype .
And of course , Skype is ubiquituous .
If you want to talk to people , you need to use what they are using .
And everyone is using Skype .
What does the open source community need to do ?
None of this is rocket science .
The open - source community that has done great work with Ekiga and other projects just needs to come out of its purist ivory tower that is SIP .
For ordinary home users SIP is not the ticket .
Make something that " just works " and we will have a fighting chance at least .
Other related posts :
Teen hospitalized after being shot by Peoria police sergeant A teen was hospitalized Monday after being shot by a Peoria police sergeant who was conducting a directed patrol , authorities said Tuesday .
Former Cave Creek resident sentenced to 4 years in prison for fraud scheme A former Cave Creek resident was sentenced Friday to four years in prison for bilking about a dozen investors out of nearly $ 2 million through a fraudulent oil well scheme .
Toyota 's new concept hybrid cars are displayed at the 2008 Beijing Auto Show on April 22 , 2008 .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
RICHLAND , Wash. , July 14 ( UPI ) --
Off - peak electricity production could fuel 70 percent of the 220 million vehicles on U.S. roads if they were plug - in hybrid electrics , a study found .
The study , performed for the U.S. Department of Energy 's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Richland , Wash. , indicates replacing vehicles solely powered by gasoline engines with hybrids powered by off - peak electricity could improve air quality by using existing infrastructure more efficiently , the laboratory said in a news release Monday .
Advertisement
Batteries for plug - in hybrid electric vehicles could store enough energy to meet the nation 's 33 - mile average commute , researchers said .
If drivers charged vehicles overnight when demand for electricity is low , most regions of the country would have plenty of off - peak generation , transmission and distribution capacity to handle that region 's hybrid vehicles .
" Since gasoline consumption accounts for 73 percent of imported oil , it is intriguing to think of the national security benefits if our vehicles switched from oil to electrons , " lab energy researcher Rob Pratt said .
The extra electricity needed to power the vehicles would come from coal - fired and natural gas - fired plants , researchers said .
While these power plants emit greenhouse gases , overall levels would drop because electricity is more efficient to move a vehicle one mile than producing and burning gasoline .
One thing I 've always found shocking as a beer drinker is the level of knowledge about , and , even worse , interest in , beer among the people who make a living serving it .
That is , waiters and bartenders .
A general rule is that only in ( let 's say ) 1 out of 10 cases will you actually get the full list if you ask what beers are available , and very often the menu wo n't have the full list , either , if they even bother to list beers on the menu .
In most cases some persistence is required in order to actually find out what 's on offer , and in some cases a lot .
Today we had another of those episodes , which is what inspired this entry .
My girlfriend and I went to Lorry , a well - known restaurant in Oslo , which is very proud of serving 130 beers .
Their beer menu is the most extensive in Norway , if not necessarily the best .
I like the place a lot , both for the beer selection and for the athmosphere ; it 's a very old place , and a favourite among local artists and actors .
It 's also very popular , which may help explain what follows .
We sit down , have a coffee , etc , and when the time comes to order beer I ask what beers they 've got from Haandbryggeriet , a new Norwegian micro .
The waitress says they do n't have any .
I tell her the brewery 's home pages claims Lorry does have , as do many other web sites .
She then asks me if it's in the menu , and I say no , but that that does n't matter .
The discussion goes on for a long time , with her disclaiming all knowledge of this brewery , saying the guy tending the bar does n't arrive before 1700 , etc etc , and me persistently refusing to be satisfied by this .
I mean , how hard can it be ?
You look in the fridge , and you see if it 's there .
It seems to me the minimum of service one can expect , especially as if they stock the beer it seems fair to assume they want to sell it .
Eventually I give up and go back to working on my paper in disgust , and she disappears .
The good thing is that 10 minutes later she returns , saying the guy tending the bar arrived early , and he told her they have the IPA and the weissbier .
I order the weissbier , and everything is fine .
Or almost .
Most places in Oslo which have beers from this brewery have two weizens : the Bavarian Weizen and the Dunkelweizen .
So when going to the bathroom I pass by the bar , thinking I 'll see if they have the Dunkelweizen as well .
And , sure enough , in the fridge I see three kinds of bottles from Haandbryggeriet with yellow , orange , and red labels .
I can read the first two , but the red one is turned away so I can only see the colour .
I wait for the bartender to tend to me , and when he does I ask him what 's in the red bottle .
He first offers me the orange one ( the IPA ) , and I have to keep at it for a while before he can bring himself to turn the third one .
At one point he even tells me he does n't have time for this as he has other guests .
Hello !?!?
Three bottles are standing next to each other and it's too hard to turn the third one slightly so an interested customer can find out what beer it is ?
He eventually does , and I go back to my table , ask my girlfriend to order it , and go off on necessary business .
( No , not what you think .
I had to park a bike . )
When I come back my girlfriend tells me she tried to order the beer , and that after four attempts she thinks the waitress got it .
However , the waitress then comes over and checks if it 's really Erdinger Dunkel I want .
Well , no , it 's not .
I stay calm and tell her they have three beers from this brewery , one orange , one yellow , and one red , and that I want the red one .
That works , and a while later I have it .
The waitress is quite nice about it , though , and when we get our bill she smiles and says she learned a bit about beer from our visit .
That made me feel better , though not enough to not write this .
I have a long list of stories like this one , with waiters betraying various degrees of ignorance and disinterest .
Going through all of it would make for a book rather than a blog entry , though , so I 'll keep it short .
A real champion in the category " clueless waiters " was a guy at T.G.I Friday 's at Dulles International in Washington D.C.
In response to my usual question of " what beers do you have " he offered " oh , just about every kind , sir " , which struck me as very funny .
I knew there was just no way this could be true , but when I said " oh , come on " he stuck to it .
After admitting that they had no Belgian beers , and no German ones either , he changed his story to " just about every American beer " .
When I told him the Brickeller stocked 400 US brews he gave up and actually gave me the list , which turned out to be 7 - 8 mainstream beers .
Frydenlund Bayer
Even this is only enough to earn him second place , however , as a bartender at Explorer Bar at Oslo airport , Gardermoen , emerges as the absolute winner .
On being asked the stock question he told me they only had Ringnes .
Just behind him , however , were Guinness and Kilkenny taps .
I pointed this out , and he added " oh , yes , we have those , too " .
I then spot the beer menu behind him , which says they have Frydenlund Bayer .
So I tell him I want that , only to be told they do n't have it .
So I point again , and he goes " oh " .
This guy at least has the sense to look in the fridge by himself , but he emerges from it kind of baffled , holding a bottle and asking me if it 's the one I want .
He 's too far away from me for me to read the label , so I ask him , " well , is it Frydenlund Bayer ? " .
He looks at the label for a moment , then says " I do n't know " .
It turned out to be .
You can see the label on the right , and , well , it 's not difficult to tell what beer it is , but for this bartender it turned out to be too hard .
If that should n't be enough to get him fired , I do n't know what would be .
I guess the interesting question is why this happens , and the answer , I think , is quite obvious .
For more than 99 % of the people who own , work in , and drink in pubs and bars the idea that someone might genuinely care about trying different beers has just never occurred to them .
So when someone asks " what beers do you have ? " they do n't really take it seriously .
The result is they only list a couple of beers in response and , as often as not , get annoyed when people are not satisfied with this , or even turn out to know more than themselves about what beers are sold in the place .
Another important reason is probably that waiters and bartenders generally know nothing about beer .
Usually they do n't know about the concept of beer type , but can ( for the most part ) read what 's on the label .
In many cases they have their private names for the more obscure beers .
At Internasjonalen in Oslo the staff will consistently refer to Samuel Smith 's Imperial Stout as just " Imperial Stout " , blithely unaware that this is not the name of a product , but a beer type consisting of more than a hundred products .
This is just one example among many .
So when someone asks them for " Sam Smith 's Imperial Stout " chances are the unfamiliar words will be lost in the noise of your typical bar , and confusion ensues .
Probably the only thing that can be done about all of this is to stay calm and polite and , if given the chance , explain that you really care about beer , so that what they can offer in this regard actually makes a big difference to you .
With time , and more people doing the same , maybe bar owners will start to realize that they lose customers by offering poor selections and poor service .
Maybe .
But behind the big increase in consumer debt is a major shift in the way lenders approach their business .
In earlier years , actually being repaid by borrowers was crucial to lenders .
Now , because so much consumer debt is packaged into securities and sold to investors , repayment of the loans takes on less importance to those lenders than the fees and charges generated when loans are made .
Lenders have found new ways to squeeze more profit from borrowers .
Though prevailing interest rates have fallen to the low single digits in recent years , for example , the rates that credit card issuers routinely charge even borrowers with good credit records have risen , to 19.1 percent last year from 17.7 percent in 2005 — a difference that adds billions of dollars in interest charges annually to credit card bills .
Average late fees rose to $ 35 in 2007 from less than $ 13 in 1994 , and fees charged when customers exceed their credit limits more than doubled to $ 26 a month from $ 11 , according to CardWeb , an online publisher of information on payment and credit cards .
Mortgage lenders similarly added or raised fees associated with borrowing to buy a home — like $ 75 e-mail charges , $ 100 document preparation costs and $ 70 courier fees — bringing the average to $ 700 a mortgage , according to the Department of Housing and Urban Development .
These “ junk fees ” have risen 50 percent in recent years , said Michael A. Kratzer , president of FeeDisclosure.com , a Web site intended to help consumers reduce fees on mortgages .
“ Today the focus for lenders is not so much on consumer loans being repaid , but on the loan as a perpetual earning asset , ” said Julie L. Williams , chief counsel of the Comptroller of the Currency , in a March 2005 speech that received little notice at the time .
Lenders have been eager to expand their reach .
They have honed sophisticated marketing tactics , gathering personal financial data to tailor their pitches .
They have spent hundreds of millions of dollars on advertising campaigns that make debt sound desirable and risk - free .
The ads are aimed at people who urgently need loans to pay for health care and other necessities .
It is not just financial conglomerates that are profiting on consumer debt loads .
Some manufacturers and retailers can generate more income from internal financing arms that lend to their customers than from their primary businesses .
Death of Free Internet is Imminent
Death of Free Internet is Imminent
Canada Will Become Test Case by Kevin Parkinson
Global Research , July 20 , 2008
In the last 15 years or so , as a society we have had access to more information than ever before in modern history because of the Internet .
There are approximately 1 billion Internet users in the world B and any one of these users can theoretically communicate in real time with any other on the planet .
The Internet has been the greatest technological achievement of the 20th century by far , and has been recognized as such by the global community .
The free transfer of information , uncensored , unlimited and untainted , still seems to be a dream when you think about it .
Whatever field that is mentioned - education , commerce , government , news , entertainment , politics and countless other areas - have been radically affected by the introduction of the Internet .
And mostly , it 's good news , except when poor judgements are made and people are taken advantage of .
Scrutiny and oversight are needed , especially where children are involved .
However , when there are potential profits open to a corporation , the needs of society do n't count .
Take the recent case in Canada with the behemoths , Telus and Rogers rolling out a charge for text messaging without any warning to the public .
It was an arrogant and risky move for the telecommunications giants because it backfired .
People actually used Internet technology to deliver a loud and clear message to these companies and that was to scrap the extra charge .
The people used the power of the Internet against the big boys and the little guys won .
However , the issue of text messaging is just a tiny blip on the radar screens of Telus and another company , Bell Canada , the two largest Internet Service Providers ( ISP'S ) in Canada .
Our country is being used as a test case to drastically change the delivery of Internet service forever .
The change will be so radical that it has the potential to send us back to the horse and buggy days of information sharing and access .
In the upcoming weeks watch for a report in Time Magazine that will attempt to smooth over the rough edges of a diabolical plot by Bell Canada and Telus , to begin charging per site fees on most Internet sites .
The plan is to convert the Internet into a cable - like system , where customers sign up for specific web sites , and then pay to visit sites beyond a cutoff point .
From my browsing ( on the currently free Internet ) I have discovered that the ' demise ' of the free Internet is slated for 2010 in Canada , and two years later around the world .
Canada is seen a good choice to implement such shameful and sinister changes , since Canadians are viewed as being laissez fair , politically uninformed and an easy target
The corporate marauders will iron out the wrinkles in Canada and then spring the new , castrated version of the Internet on the rest of the world , probably with little fanfare , except for some dire warnings about the ' evil ' of the Internet ( free ) and the CEO 's spouting about ' safety and security ' .
These buzzwords usually work pretty well .
What will the Internet look like in Canada in 2010 ?
I suspect that the ISP 's will provide a " package " program as companies like Cogeco currently do .
Customers will pay for a series of websites as they do now for their television stations .
Television stations will be available on - line as part of these packages , which will make the networks happy since they have lost much of the younger market which are surfing and chatting on their computers in the evening .
However , as is the case with cable television now , if you choose something that is not part of the package , you know what happens .
You pay extra .
And this is where the Internet ( free ) as we know it will suffer almost immediate , economic strangulation .
Thousands and thousands of Internet sites will not be part of the package so users will have to pay extra to visit those sites !
In just an hour or two it is possible to easily visit 20 - 30 sites or more while looking for information .
Just imagine how high these costs will be .
At present , the world condemns China because that country restricts certain websites .
" They are undemocratic ; they are removing people 's freedom ; they do n't respect individual rights ; they are censoring information , ” are some of the comments we hear .
But what Bell Canada and Telus have planned for Canadians is much worse than that .
They are planning the death of the Internet ( free ) as we know it , and I expect they 'll be hardly a whimper from Canadians .
It 's all part of the corporate plan for a New World Order and virtually a masterstroke that will lead to the creation of billions and billions of dollars of corporate profit at the expense of the working and middle classes .
There are so many other implications as a result of these changes , far too many to elaborate on here .
Be aware that we will all lose our privacy because all websites will be tracked as part of the billing procedure , and we will be literally cut off from 90 % of the information that we can access today .
The little guys on the Net will fall likes flies ; Bloggers and small website operators will die a quick death because people will not pay to go to their sites and read their pages .
Ironically , the only medium that can save us is the one we are trying to save - the Internet ( free ) .
This article will be posted on my Blog , www.realitycheck.typepad.com and I encourage people and groups to learn more about this issue .
Canadians can keep the Internet free just as they kept text messaging free .
Do n't wait for the federal politicians .
They will do nothing to help us .
I would welcome a letter to the editor of the Standard Freeholder from a spokesperson from Bell Canada or Telus telling me that I am absolutely wrong in what I have written , and that no such changes to the Internet are being planned , and that access to Internet sites will remain FREE in the years to come .
In the meantime , I encourage all of you to write to the media , ask questions , phone the radio station , phone a friend , or think of something else to prevent what appears to me to be inevitable .
Maintaining Internet ( free ) access is the only way we have a chance at combatting the global corporate takeover , the North American Union , and a long list of other deadly deeds that the elite in society have planned for us .
Yesterday was too late in trying to protect our rights and freedoms .
We must now redouble our efforts in order to give our children and grandchildren a fighting chance in the future .
*************
author 's website : http://realitycheck.typepad.com/
Disclaimer :
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
To become a Member of Global Research
The CRG grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified .
The source and the author 's copyright must be displayed .
For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites , contact : crgeditor@yahoo.com
www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of " fair use " in an effort to advance a better understanding of political , economic and social issues .
The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes .
If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than " fair use " you must request permission from the copyright owner .
For media inquiries : crgeditor@yahoo.com
© Copyright Kevin Parkinson , GlobalResearch.ca , 2008
© Scoop Media
Psychological thrillers are my favorite types of film .
They hold the majority of positions in my DVD collection and are the ones I watch most often .
Nothing can beat the heart racing as you anticipate the next move and better yet , these films do n’t need to be filled with gore and blood to shock and frighten .
These are films that involve the brain – not just the senses .
So here are my pick of the ten best psychological thrillers ever .
As usual , if you do n’t agree – or simply think of others that would be great for an extended list , mention it in the comments .
Competition : this list includes a competition .
More information is given at the bottom of the article .
15 The Talented Mr Ripley Anthony Minghella , 1999
The 1950s .
Manhattan lavatory attendant , Tom Ripley , borrows a Princeton jacket to play piano at a garden party .
When the wealthy father of a recent Princeton grad chats
Tom up , Tom pretends to know the son and is soon offered $ 1,000 to go to Italy to convince Dickie Greenleaf to return home .
In Italy , Tom attaches himself to Dickie and to Marge , Dickie ’s cultured fiancée , pretending to love jazz and harboring homoerotic hopes as he soaks in luxury .
Besides lying , Tom ’s talents include impressions and forgery , so when the handsome and confident Dickie tires of Tom , dismissing him as a bore , Tom goes to extreme lengths to make Greenleaf ’s privileges his own .
This was the first film I saw Matt Damon in , and I was extremely impressed by the way he managed to make me feel so uncomfortable in every scene .
To top it off , Philip Seymour Hoffman makes a cameo appearance in the film .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
14 Fatal Attraction Adrian Lyne , 1987
Happily married New York lawyer Dan Callagher has an affair with his colleague Alex , and the two enjoy a love weekend while Dan ’s wife and kid are away .
But Alex will not let go of him , and she will stop at nothing to have him for herself .
Just how far will she go to get what she wants ?
This film has prevented me from ever seeing Glenn Close as anything but evil – watch this for some good old 80s frights .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
13 The Game David Fincher , 1997
When workaholic businessman Nicholas Van Orton turns 48 , his long absent drug - addicted brother turns up and gives him a special gift for his birthday – membership of an exclusive game .
Nicholas , against his better judgement signs the waiver form and his life is turned upside down .
This film is a lesser known work by the director of Se7en – and while it is not as popular , it is an excellent film which really draws you in to the suspense and intrigue .
I guarantee you will love it .
From a perspective of the twisted psychological aspects of the film , this probably tops the list .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
12 Cape Fear Martin Scorsese , 1991
Sam Bowden is a small - town corporate attorney / ” Leave It to Beaver ” - esque family - man .
Max Cady is a tattooed , cigar - smoking , bible - quoting , psychotic rapist .
What do they have in common ?
Fourteen years , ago Sam was a public defender assigned to Max Cady ’s rape trial , and he made a serious error : he hid a document from his illiterate client that could have gotten him acquitted .
Now , the cagey , bibliophile Cady has been released , and he intends to teach Sam Bowden and his family a thing or two about loss .
It was a toss up between this film and the Departed – and I chose Cape Fear because the Departed is a fairly new film and is a remake of an Asian film .
Having said that , if you have n’t seen the new Departed – you should see that too .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
11 American Psycho Mary Harron , 2000
Patrick Bateman is handsome , well educated and intelligent .
He is twenty - seven and living his own American dream .
He works by day on Wall Street , earning a fortune to complement the one he was born with .
At night he descends into madness , as he experiments with fear and violence .
This film has more cringe moments than any other I have seen .
This is probably the most gruesome of the films on the list – but it does manage to keep it as “ tasteful ” as possible .
The worst scene for me is one involving a drawer full of medical implements .
If you have seen the film you will know what I mean .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
10 Les Diaboliques Henri-Georges Clouzot , 1955
The wife and mistress of a sadistic boarding school headmaster plot to kill him .
They drown him in the bathtub and dump the body in the school ’s filthy swimming pool … but when the pool is drained , the body has disappeared – and subsequent reported sightings of the headmaster slowly drive his ‘ killers ’ ( and the audience ) up the wall with almost unbearable suspense .
This film was remade under the title Diabolique in 1996 starring Sharon Stone .
The original is so much better – avoid the new one .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
9 Straw Dogs Sam Peckinpah , 1971
Upon moving to Britain to get away from American violence , astrophysicist David Sumner and his wife Amy are bullied and taken advantage of by the locals hired to do construction .
When David finally takes a stand it escalates quickly into a bloody battle as the locals assault his house .
This is Dustin Hoffman as you have never seen him .
This is one of my favorite psychological thriller cum revenge movies – it is definitely worth the purchase / download .
Be warned : some of the scenes in this film are quite disturbing .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
8 Play Misty for Me Clint Eastwood , 1971
Disc jockey Dave Garver ( Clint Eastwood ) attracts the amorous attentions of a demented fan named Evelyn Draper ( Jessica Walter ) .
Evelyn lets
Dave pick her up at a bar ; later at her apartment , Evelyn admits that she is the cooing caller who repeatedly asks Dave to play the Erroll Garner classic “ Misty . ”
From then on , the film is a lesson in how one casual date can turn your whole life around .
Evelyn stalks
Dave everywhere , ruins his business lunch , assaults his maid , mutilates his house and all of his belongings , and finally threatens to butcher his girlfriend Tobie Williams ( Donna Mills ) .
You ’ll never be able to hear that song again without looking over your shoulder .
This was Clint Eastwood ’s directorial debut , and what a debut it is !
Buy the DVD at Amazon
7 The Usual Suspects Bryan Singer , 1995
After a waterfront explosion , Verbal , an eye - witness and participant tells the story of events leading up to the conflagration .
The story begins when five men are rounded up for a line - up , and grilled about a truck hijacking ( the usual suspects ) .
Least pleased is Keaton a crooked cop – exposed , indicted , but now desperately trying to go straight .
The cops wo n’t leave him alone , however , and as they wait for their lawyers to post bail , he is talked into doing one more job with the other four .
All goes tolerably well until the influence of the legendary , seemingly omnipotent “ Keyser Soze ” is felt .
Although set in the modern day , it has much of the texture of the forties , plus suspense , intrigue ( a fairly high body count ) , and lots of twists in the plot .
This movie ranks # 20 on the IMDB top 250 – and for a very good reason : it has a star studded cast , excellent direction , and excellent cinematography .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
6 Memento Christopher Nolan , 2000
Memento chronicles two separate stories of Leonard , an ex-insurance investigator who can no longer build new memories , as he attempts to find the murderer of his wife , which is the last thing he remembers .
One story line movies forward in time while the other tells the story backwards revealing more each time .
This is not just a thrilling film – it is a clever film that really does leave you guessing all the way through .
Guy Pearce is fantastic in this must - see movie .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
5 Se7en David Fincher , 1995
This thriller portrays the exploits of a deranged serial - killer .
His twisted agenda involves choosing seven victims who represent egregious examples of transgressions of each of the Seven Deadly Sins .
He then views himself as akin to the Sword of God , handing out horrific punishment to these sinners .
Two cops , an experienced veteran of the streets who is about to retire and the ambitious young homicide detective hired to replace him , team up to capture the perpetrator of these gruesome killings .
Unfortunately , they too become ensnared in his diabolical plan .
Anyone who has seen this film can not deny the psychological thrill of waiting to see what nasty thing the serial killer has lined up for the next sin !
This is a brilliant film and if you have n’t seen it – you must .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
Or get the artistic Se7en Poster at Amazon.com !
4 Taxi Driver Martin Scorsese , 1976
New York City cab driver Travis Bickle constantly , almost obsessively , reflects on the ugly corruption of life around him , and becomes increasingly disturbed over his own loneliness and alienation .
In nearly every phase of his life , Bickle remains a complete outsider , failing to make emotional contact with anyone .
Unable to sleep night after night , Travis haunts the local pornography emporiums to find diversion , and begins desperately thinking about an escape from his depressing existence .
The superb acting of Robert De Niro gives this film a constant chill .
Every minute he is on the screen – the viewer is nervous .
This is a masterful thriller by one of the modern greats – Scorsese .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
3 The Manchurian Candidate John Frankenheimer , 1962
After Raymond returns from the Korean War as a decorated hero , the other members of his platoon can’t really remember what he did to win his medal .
Two of the soldiers start having recurring nightmares , and one of them decides to investigate Raymond ’s current activities .
What dark and sinister secrets are being withheld by the Government and the Army ?
This film was so good that it spawned a remake ( a far inferior one , I should add ) starring Denzel Washington .
This original version includes excellent performances from Janet Leigh , Frank Sinatra , and the indomitable Angela Lansbury .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
2 Rear Window Alfred Hitchcock , 1954
Professional photographer L.B. “ Jeff ” Jeffries breaks his leg while getting an action shot at an auto race .
Confined to his New York apartment , he spends his time looking out of the rear window observing the neighbours .
He begins to suspect that the man opposite may have murdered his wife .
Jeff enlists the help of his society model girlfriend Lisa Freemont and his nurse Stella to investigate .
I could only select one Hitchcock film for this list ( otherwise it would be a top 10 Hitchcock list ) and Rear Window seemed the obvious choice .
It has brilliant acting , excellent film work , and plenty of suspense .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
1 Silence of the Lambs Jonathan Demme , 1991
Clarice Starling , a young intelligent FBI trainee , has been sent to the Batlimore state hospital for the Criminally insane to interview an inmate Dr. Hannibal – the cannibal – Lecter .
A brilliant and renowned psychiatrist turned serial killer .
She must match wits with Lecter to gain clues in the search for “ Buffalo Bill ” – an unknown psychopathic serial killer .
Silence of the Lambs has to take number one spot – not only is it clearly the best of the genre , it introduced to the world one of the most scary , intelligent , and vile characters in film history : Dr Hannibal Lecter .
I think it is also fair to say that it was one of the best performances of Jodie Foster .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
Extra Mulholland Drive David Lynch , 2001
I have added this as a bonus rather than putting it in the list because it seems to me to be more suited to the surrealist genre .
Having said that , it does certainly contain many elements of a psychological thriller so I want to give it a mention at least .
This atmospheric film takes you on a bizarre ride through Los Angeles and the life of a budding film star – and ultimately takes you nowhere .
It is typical of Lynch in that the film simply can not be explained – watch out for the surrealist film list – it will certainly feature there .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
+ Competition
At 1 pm GMT tomorrow , I will select one commenter from this list to win a prize of the great recently published book Top 10 For Men – a book of over 250 lists of interest to men ( though women will no doubt love it also ) .
Topics include
What ’s the most common murder weapon ?
What is the hottest variety of chilli ?
Who is the most searched for woman on the internet ?
To read an official excerpt of the book , go here .
The prize winner will be one randomly selected commenter – as usual you can enter more than one comment to improve your chances , but your comments must add value to this list – that means no comments designed just to have a better chance at winning .
The winner must be a registered user of the List Universe .
You can click here to register .
Finally , many thanks to Octopus Books for donating the prize for this competition .
Sources : this article uses synopsis information from IMDB – the Internet Movie Database
DUBAI — Iran will host a trilateral meeting in Teheran next month to finalise the proposed multi-billion dollar Iran - Pakistan - India gas pipeline project .
" Iran would soon invite the Petroleum Ministers of India and Pakistan to conclude a deal on $ 7 billion gas pipeline project in July , " a top Pakistani official told Khaleej Times yesterday .
In a recent series of meeting , Pakistan 's Minister for Finance and Economic Affairs Syed Naveed Qamar met Iran 's Minister for Petroleum Gholam Hossein Nozari on Saturday and discussed the proposed pipeline project .
The ministers also exchanged views to further boost cooperation in petroleum sector of the two countries .
Naveed Qamar was in Teheran to head a high level delegation to attend the 17th session of Pak - Iran Joint Economic Commission , which concluded yesterday .
The two sides already agreed that the experts had covered all aspects of the project and that Gas Sales and Purchase Agreement ( GSPA ) between Iran and Pakistan was now finalised and that it was time to move ahead .
India and Pakistan need natural gas from Iran to overcome energy shortages in order to maintain their economic growth .
Both countries are resisting US pressure to end talks on multi-billion dollar pipeline project , which they want to build by December 2012 .
The proposed pipeline would run 2,615 kilometres from Iran to India through Pakistan and initially carry 2,120 million cubic feet of gas a day .
" Pakistan is keen to move ahead and I want to see whether India is ready to engage with us fully or it would like to spend some more time thinking about it , ” Qureshi said .
According to an official handout , Pakistan 's Finance Minister Naveed Qamar and Iran 's Minister for Petroleum Gholam Hossein Nozari also discussed matters relating to the promotion of bilateral cooperation between the two countries .
The Iranian Minister for Petroleum said that the visit of the Federal Minister for Finance of Pakistan would go a long way in promoting bilateral cooperation between the two countries in the fields of commerce , trade and energy .
Naveed Qamar praised bilateral relations between the two countries , which were rooted in common history , culture and religion .
Ambassador of Pakistan , Shafkat Saeed , and senior officials from Iran and Pakistan were also present during the meeting .
Suri Cruise : Hollywood Hippie , Junior Division ( Photos )
Younglooks like she 's California Dreamin in her long flowing psychedelic dress .
The barefoot child needs only a couple of wild daisies to complete the look .
The two year old was photographed at Union Station in Los Angeles yesterday with her parents , and
The celebrity toddler continues to cling to her bottle , clearly shunning the natural transition to the time honored sippy cup .
Her manservant , aka dad , is in charge of Suri 's baby doll and blankie - at least we hope they are the tots .
She looks like the princess of all things and is apparently still ruling the roost .
Katie was filming a cameo appearance for the ABC show Eli Stone on Monday .
The poor woman can't even pick up a small acting job without being shadowed by her overbearing doting spouse .
We 've got the grown up division of Hollywood Hippie photos too .
Check out more photos below .
Photos : WENN
Some original test animations from Bryan Singer 's abortive 2001 relaunch of Battlestar Galactica were shown for the first time ever at Comic - Con , and we were there .
The new - old BSG , which would have been a continuation of the original series , was eight weeks away from filming , with sets partially built - when Sept. 11 , 2001 happened , and network execs panicked that the story of a Cylon sneak attack was " too close to home . "
Details below .
Advertisement
The unfinished CGI animations looked incredibly cool , but super video game -y and old - fashioned , coming from 2001 .
There was a scene on an " agro- ship , " with plants in a giant hangar space .
The shots of vipers and raptors flying around were made to look like 16 - mm.
newsreel footage , with a camera attached to the tail or front of the vipers .
And the vipers were designed to be able to flip around .
We saw footage of the New Caprica space colony , with streets and street signs , on a planet .
The show 's version of Battlestar Galactica had big battleship - type guns , like in a World War II film .
The animatics looked very clean and crisp , and the vipers looked very nimble .
And we saw vipers being launched through tubes on the side of the Battlestar , followed by a shootout inside an asteroid field and a game of chicken on a barren planetoid .
And then there was footage of the Cylons , doing backflips and looking acrobatic , then squatting down with their legs apart and shooting .
There was even a funny clip of a Cylon lifting its leg , winding up , and throwing a baseball .
The show would have had designs by Guy Hendrix Dyas , who also worked on Singer 's X - Men movies .
Advertisement
In the abortive 2001 version , it was 20 years after the original series , and the humans had taken a vote and decided to abandon the search for Earth .
They 'd found an asteroid field and set up the New Caprica colony there , and over the following two decades they 'd gotten decadant and become obsessed with glitz and pleasure domes and gambling .
According to producer Tom DeSanto , it was as if the Jews had stopped at Mount Sinai and set up Las Vegas .
And then the Cylons show up and attack .
That was the part , with the cylon sneak attack on the colonies , that worried the Fox execs .
They put the pilot on hold for a month or so , with casting only partly complete .
And by the time the network regained its nerve , Bryan Singer " had to do a Sophie 's Choice " and choose between BSG and X - Men 2 .
He went off to work on X - 2 , leaving BSG unfinished .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
In the end of pilot , we would go to the planet Cylon , and the camera would dive through the mysterious clouds , down through a tangle of mechanized buildings , and you 'd hear the voice that has been instructing the Cylon attackers earlier in the show .
You would zoom in on the source of the voice as it talks about the future and the need to convert humanity .
And it turns out the Cylons are led by a group of humans who have been " converted " into Cylons .
And the leader of this group is none other than Richard Hatch , aka Apollo .
It turns out Apollo was captured and became part of the " Cylon collective . "
( Yes , just like the Borg . )
The series would have been about the relationship between Apollo and his son , who 's the new Commander of Galactica .
The son would have been struggling to redeem his father 's humanity and bring him back from Cylon - hood .
Producer Tom DeSanto told Comic - Con Singer 's production company was working on a $ 13.5 million backdoor pilot for a new BSG , which would air on Fox and then on the Sci Fi Channel .
The episodes would have been letterboxed , and the repeat airings on Sci Fi would have had extra footage .
DeSanto said the story of the humans " forgetting their purpose " and living in super - capitalist decadence on New Caprica mirrored what he was seeing of his friends during the tech boom around 1999 - 2000 , with people obsessing about their stock portfolios .
And just like the Cylon attacks in the abortive Singer pilot , 9/11 brought people back to a sense of purpose .
Advertisement
And here 's some BSG 2001 concept art from Nathan Shroeder .
More at the link :
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Starker Tobak von T - Mobile .
Die Firma lässt einen Mitbewerber abmahnen , der anonyme Prepaidkarten verkauft .
In der Begründung heißt es unter anderem :
… durch die Veräußerung „ anonymer SIM - Karten “ missbräuchliches Verhalten , von belästigenden Telefonanrufen bis hin zur Vorbereitung terroristischer Handlungen , gefördert wird , wenn die Nutzer der SIM - Karten „ anonym “ bleiben .
Gerade einem Telekommunikationsunternehmen stünde es besser an , die Freiheit der Kommunikation zu verteidigen und Nutzer nicht als potenzielle Kriminelle anzusehen , die staatlicher Überwachung bedürfen .
Aber man kann sich natürlich auch sein eigenes Grab schaufeln .
Sogar mit einer ziemlich lächerlichen Argumentation .
Die Person , auf welche eine SIM - Karte beim Kauf registriert wurde , muss noch lange nicht der Nutzer sein .
Quelle der Links
Officials have declared most of Iowa a disaster zone after it was swamped by severe flooding following days of heavy rain .
At least 24,000 people have been evacuated from nearly 4,000 homes in the Hawkeye State .
The disaster was triggered by storms blamed for at least nine deaths in the US Midwest this week .
Cedar Rapids , Iowa 's second - largest city , was one of the worst hit , with 438 city blocks inundated .
State capital Des Moines dealt with its first major flooding as water poured out of the Des Moines river when a levee gave way .
In the last week Iowa has had at least 8in ( 20 cm ) of rain and more downpours are forecast .
Some residents have lost their homes altogether .
This woman was one of many who had to be rescued .
With the city 's streets transformed into rivers , residents took their boats out .
Waist - deep , this man tries to salvage a few belongings .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
by Edward N. Luttwak
Foreign Affairs Journal Published by the Council On Foreign Affairs
July / August 1999
from ForeingAffairs-CouncilOnForeingRelations Website Edward N. Luttwak is Senior Fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
Premature Peacemaking
An unpleasant truth often overlooked is that although war is a great evil , it does have a great virtue : it can resolve political conflicts and lead to peace .
This can happen when all belligerents become exhausted or when one wins decisively .
Either way the key is that the fighting must continue until a resolution is reached .
War brings peace only after passing a culminating phase of violence .
Hopes of military success must fade for accommodation to become more attractive than further combat .
Since the establishment of the United Nations and the enshrinement of great–power politics in its Security Council , however , wars among lesser powers have rarely been allowed to run their natural course .
Instead , they have typically been interrupted early on , before they could burn themselves out and establish the preconditions for a lasting settlement .
Cease–fires and armistices have frequently been imposed under the aegis of the Security Council in order to halt fighting .
NATO ’s intervention in the Kosovo crisis follows this pattern .
But a cease–fire tends to arrest war–induced exhaustion and lets belligerents reconstitute and rearm their forces .
It intensifies and prolongs the struggle once the cease–fire ends — and it does usually end .
This was true of the Arab–Israeli war of 1948 – 49 , which might have come to closure in a matter of weeks if two cease–fires ordained by the Security Council had not let the combatants recuperate .
It has recently been true in the Balkans .
Imposed cease–fires frequently interrupted the fighting between Serbs and Croats in Krajina , between the forces of the rump Yugoslav federation and the Croat army , and between the Serbs , Croats , and Muslims in Bosnia .
Each time , the opponents used the pause to recruit , train , and equip additional forces for further combat , prolonging the war and widening the scope of its killing and destruction .
Imposed armistices , meanwhile — again , unless followed by negotiated peace accords — artificially freeze conflict and perpetuate a state of war indefinitely by shielding the weaker side from the consequences of refusing to make concessions for peace .
The Cold War provided compelling justification for such behavior by the two superpowers , which sometimes collaborated in coercing less–powerful belligerents to avoid being drawn into their conflicts and clashing directly .
Although imposed cease–fires ultimately did increase the total quantity of warfare among the lesser powers , and armistices did perpetuate states of war , both outcomes were clearly lesser evils ( from a global point of view ) than the possibility of nuclear war .
But today , neither Americans nor Russians are inclined to intervene competitively in the wars of lesser powers , so the unfortunate consequences of interrupting war persist while no greater danger is averted .
It might be best for all parties to let minor wars burn themselves out .
The Problems of Peacekeepers
Today cease - fires and armistices are imposed on lesser powers by multilateral agreement — not to avoid great–power competition but for essentially disinterested and indeed frivolous motives , such as television audiences ’ revulsion at harrowing scenes of war .
But this , perversely , can systematically prevent the transformation of war into peace .
The Dayton accords are typical of the genre : they have condemned Bosnia to remain divided into three rival armed camps , with combat suspended momentarily but a state of hostility prolonged indefinitely .
Since no side is threatened by defeat and loss , none has a sufficient incentive to negotiate a lasting settlement ; because no path to peace is even visible , the dominant priority is to prepare for future war rather than to reconstruct devastated economies and ravaged societies .
Uninterrupted war would certainly have caused further suffering and led to an unjust outcome from one perspective or another , but it would also have led to a more stable situation that would have let the postwar era truly begin .
Peace takes hold only when war is truly over .
A variety of multilateral organizations now make it their business to intervene in other peoples ’ wars .
The defining characteristic of these entities is that they insert themselves in war situations while refusing to engage in combat .
In the long run this only adds to the damage .
If the United Nations helped the strong defeat the weak faster and more decisively , it would actually enhance the peacemaking potential of war .
But the first priority of U.N. peacekeeping contingents is to avoid casualties among their own personnel .
Unit commanders therefore habitually appease the locally stronger force , accepting its dictates and tolerating its abuses .
This appeasement is not strategically purposeful , as siding with the stronger power overall would be ; rather , it merely reflects the determination of each U.N. unit to avoid confrontation .
The final result is to prevent the emergence of a coherent outcome , which requires an imbalance of strength sufficient to end the fighting .
Peacekeepers chary of violence are also unable to effectively protect civilians who are caught up in the fighting or deliberately attacked .
At best , U.N. peacekeeping forces have been passive spectators to outrages and massacres , as in Bosnia and Rwanda ; at worst , they collaborate with it , as Dutch U.N. troops did in the fall of Srebenica by helping the Bosnian Serbs separate the men of military age from the rest of the population .
The very presence of U.N. forces , meanwhile , inhibits the normal remedy of endangered civilians , which is to escape from the combat zone .
Deluded into thinking that they will be protected , civilians in danger remain in place until it is too late to flee .
During the 1992 –94 siege of Sarajevo , appeasement interacted with the pretense of protection in an especially perverse manner : U.N. personnel inspected outgoing flights to prevent the escape of Sarajevo civilians in obedience to a cease–fire agreement negotiated with the locally dominant Bosnian Serbs — who habitually violated that deal .
The more sensible , realistic response to a raging war would have been for the Muslims to either flee the city or drive the Serbs out .
Institutions such as the European Union , the Western European Union , and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe lack even the U.N. ’s rudimentary command structure and personnel , yet they too now seek to intervene in warlike situations , with predictable consequences .
Bereft of forces even theoretically capable of combat , they satisfy the interventionist urges of member states ( or their own institutional ambitions ) by sending unarmed or lightly armed “ observer ” missions , which have the same problems as U.N. peacekeeping missions , only more so .
Military organizations such as NATO or the West African Peacekeeping Force ( ECOMOG , recently at work in Sierra Leone ) are capable of stopping warfare .
Their interventions still have the destructive consequence of prolonging the state of war , but they can at least protect civilians from its consequences .
Even that often fails to happen , however , because multinational military commands engaged in disinterested interventions tend to avoid any risk of combat , thereby limiting their effectiveness .
U.S. troops in Bosnia , for example , repeatedly failed to arrest known war criminals passing through their checkpoints lest this provoke confrontation .
Multinational commands , moreover , find it difficult to control the quality and conduct of member states ’ troops , which can reduce the performance of all forces involved to the lowest common denominator .
This was true of otherwise fine British troops in Bosnia and of the Nigerian marines in Sierra Leone .
The phenomenon of troop degradation can rarely be detected by external observers , although its consequences are abundantly visible in the litter of dead , mutilated , raped , and tortured victims that attends such interventions .
The true state of affairs is illuminated by the rare exception , such as the vigorous Danish tank battalion in Bosnia that replied to any attack on it by firing back in full force , quickly stopping the fighting .
The First “ Post–Heroic ” War
All prior examples of disinterested warfare and its crippling limitations , however , have been cast into shadow by NATO ’s current intervention against Serbia for the sake of Kosovo .
The alliance has relied on airpower alone to minimize the risk of NATO casualties , bombing targets in Serbia , Montenegro , and Kosovo for weeks without losing a single pilot .
This seemingly miraculous immunity from Yugoslav anti–aircraft guns and missiles was achieved by multiple layers of precautions .
First , for all the noise and imagery suggestive of a massive operation , very few strike sorties were actually flown during the first few weeks .
That reduced the risks to pilots and aircraft but of course also limited the scope of the bombing to a mere fraction of NATO ’s potential .
Second , the air campaign targeted air –defense systems first and foremost , minimizing present and future allied casualties , though at the price of very limited destruction and the loss of any shock effect .
Third , NATO avoided most anti–aircraft weapons by releasing munitions not from optimal altitudes but from an ultra–safe 15,000 feet or more .
Fourth , the alliance greatly restricted its operations in less–than–perfect weather conditions .
NATO officials complained that dense clouds were impeding the bombing campaign , often limiting nightly operations to a few cruise–missile strikes against fixed targets of known location .
In truth , what the cloud ceiling prohibited was not all bombing — low–altitude attacks could easily have taken place — but rather perfectly safe bombing .
On the ground far beneath the high–flying planes , small groups of Serb soldiers and police in armored vehicles were terrorizing hundreds of thousands of Albanian Kosovars .
NATO has a panoply of aircraft designed for finding and destroying such vehicles .
All its major powers have anti–tank helicopters , some equipped to operate without base support .
But no country offered to send them into Kosovo when the ethnic cleansing began — after all , they might have been shot down .
When U.S. Apache helicopters based in Germany were finally ordered to Albania , in spite of the vast expenditure devoted to their instantaneous “ readiness ” over the years , they required more than three weeks of “ predeployment preparations ” to make the journey .
Six weeks into the war , the Apaches had yet to fly their first mission , although two had already crashed during training .
More than mere bureaucratic foot–dragging was responsible for this inordinate delay : the U.S. Army insisted that the Apaches could not operate on their own , but would need the support of heavy rocket barrages to suppress Serb anti–aircraft weapons .
This created a much larger logistical load than the Apaches alone , and an additional , evidently welcome delay .
Even before the Apache saga began , NATO already had aircraft deployed on Italian bases that could have done the job just as well : U.S. a –10 “ Warthogs ” built around their powerful 30 mm antitank guns and British Royal Air Force Harriers ideal for low - altitude bombing at close range .
Neither was employed , again because it could not be done in perfect safety .
In the calculus of the NATO democracies , the immediate possibility of saving thousands of Albanians from massacre and hundreds of thousands from deportation was obviously not worth the lives of a few pilots .
That may reflect unavoidable political reality , but it demonstrates how even a large–scale disinterested intervention can fail to achieve its ostensibly humanitarian aim .
It is worth wondering whether the Kosovars would have been better off had NATO simply done nothing .
Refugee Nations
The most disinterested of all interventions in war — and the most destructive — are humanitarian relief activities .
The largest and most protracted is the United Nations Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) .
It was built on the model of its predecessor , the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Agency ( UNRRA ) , which operated displaced –persons ’ camps in Europe immediately after World War II .
The UNRWA was established immediately after the 1948 –49 Arab–Israeli war to feed , shelter , educate , and provide health services for Arab refugees who had fled Israeli zones in the former territory of Palestine .
By keeping refugees alive in spartan conditions that encouraged their rapid emigration or local resettlement , the UNRRA ’s camps in Europe had assuaged postwar resentments and helped disperse revanchist concentrations of national groups .
But UNRWA camps in Lebanon , Syria , Jordan , the West Bank , and the Gaza Strip provided on the whole a higher standard of living than most Arab villagers had previously enjoyed , with a more varied diet , organized schooling , superior medical care , and no backbreaking labor in stony fields .
They had , therefore , the opposite effect , becoming desirable homes rather than eagerly abandoned transit camps .
With the encouragement of several Arab countries , the UNRWA turned escaping civilians into lifelong refugees who gave birth to refugee children , who have in turn had refugee children of their own .
During its half–century of operation , the UNRWA has thus perpetuated a Palestinian refugee nation , preserving its resentments in as fresh a condition as they were in 1948 and keeping the first bloom of revanchist emotion intact .
By its very existence , the UNRWA dissuades integration into local society and inhibits emigration .
The concentration of Palestinians in the camps , moreover , has facilitated the voluntary or forced enlistment of refugee youths by armed organizations that fight both Israel and each other .
The UNRWA has contributed to a half–century of Arab–Israeli violence and still retards the advent of peace .
If each European war had been attended by its own postwar UNRWA , today ’s Europe would be filled with giant camps for millions of descendants of uprooted Gallo - Romans , abandoned Vandals , defeated Burgundians , and misplaced Visigoths — not to speak of more recent refugee nations such as post - 1945 Sudeten Germans ( three million of whom were expelled from Czechoslovakia in 1945 ) .
Such a Europe would have remained a mosaic of warring tribes , undigested and un-reconciled in their separate feeding camps .
It might have assuaged consciences to help each one at each remove , but it would have led to permanent instability and violence .
The UNRWA has counterparts elsewhere , such as the Cambodian camps along the Thai border , which incidentally provided safe havens for the mass–murdering Khmer Rouge .
But because the United Nations is limited by stingy national contributions , these camps ’ sabotage of peace is at least localized .
That is not true of the proliferating , feverishly competitive nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) that now aid war refugees .
Like any other institution , these NGOs are interested in perpetuating themselves , which means that their first priority is to attract charitable contributions by being seen to be active in high–visibility situations .
Only the most dramatic natural disasters attract any significant mass–media attention , and then only briefly ; soon after an earthquake or flood , the cameras depart .
War refugees , by contrast , can win sustained press coverage if kept concentrated in reasonably accessible camps .
Regular warfare among well –developed countries is rare and offers few opportunities for such NGOs , so they focus their efforts on aiding refugees in the poorest parts of the world .
This ensures that the food , shelter , and health care offered — although abysmal by Western standards — exceeds what is locally available to non-refugees .
The consequences are entirely predictable .
Among many examples , the huge refugee camps along the Democratic Republic of Congo ’s border with Rwanda stand out .
They sustain a Hutu nation that would otherwise have been dispersed , making the consolidation of Rwanda impossible and providing a base for radicals to launch more Tutsi - killing raids across the border .
Humanitarian intervention has worsened the chances of a stable , long - term resolution of the tensions in Rwanda .
To keep refugee nations intact and preserve their resentments forever is bad enough , but inserting material aid into ongoing conflicts is even worse .
Many NGOs that operate in an odor of sanctity routinely supply active combatants .
Defenseless , they cannot exclude armed warriors from their feeding stations , clinics , and shelters .
Since refugees are presumptively on the losing side , the warriors among them are usually in retreat .
By intervening to help , NGOs systematically impede the progress of their enemies toward a decisive victory that could end the war .
Sometimes NGOs , impartial to a fault , even help both sides , thus preventing mutual exhaustion and a resulting settlement .
And in some extreme cases , such as Somalia , NGOs even pay protection money to local war bands , which use those funds to buy arms .
Those NGOs are therefore helping prolong the warfare whose consequences they ostensibly seek to mitigate .
Make War to Make Peace
Too many wars nowadays become endemic conflicts that never end because the transformative effects of both decisive victory and exhaustion are blocked by outside intervention .
Unlike the ancient problem of war , however , the compounding of its evils by disinterested interventions is a new malpractice that could be curtailed .
Policy elites should actively resist the emotional impulse to intervene in other peoples ’ wars — not because they are indifferent to human suffering but precisely because they care about it and want to facilitate the advent of peace .
The United States should dissuade multilateral interventions instead of leading them .
New rules should be established for U.N. refugee relief activities to ensure that immediate succor is swiftly followed by repatriation , local absorption , or emigration , ruling out the establishment of permanent refugee camps .
And although it may not be possible to constrain interventionist NGOs , they should at least be neither officially encouraged nor funded .
Underlying these seemingly perverse measures would be a true appreciation of war ’s paradoxical logic and a commitment to let it serve its sole useful function : to bring peace .
Return to ' War on Terror ' Return to Temas / Sociopolitica Return to The Council on Foreign Relations
The technology industry has powered the world ’s economy for more than two decades .
That can only happen because of new and interesting innovations coming out every day .
The people behind the tech industry ’s power are n’t afraid to experiment with new ideas and logic .
Machine learning is just one of those innovations .
Yet , it stands to grow into a cottage industry by itself .
There is simply no way to truly predict where it will go .
The industry may soon revolutionize the basic ways society functions .
It ’s already being used to identify potential psychopaths and prevent money laundering , for example .
And you may be the person to take the technology to new heights .
All you need are the right skills to start your new career in artificial intelligence and machine learning .
Keep reading below to learn how to jump - start your new career .
Study Programming Like A Machine
The people working on machine learning are revered in their industries .
Not only are they masters of manipulating data , but they ’re also programming geniuses .
Databases and programming languages are only a few machine learning tools at their disposal , though .
Before you can start teaching machines how to think , you need to familiarize yourself with the tools used to do that .
Keep reading below to learn how you should get started .
Core Concepts Will Take You Far
If you ’re considering a career in machine learning as a complete beginner , you first need to dip your toe into programming .
While learning how to write programs is n’t as important for tangential careers , like software development , it ’s still important .
Learning a simple language will teach you the core concepts of how computers handle information .
With that fundamental knowledge , you can take the next steps and understand how computers think on a deeper level .
Python Slithered Into The Industry
The best language you can learn if you want to work in machine learning is Python .
The language was introduced to the industry as an efficient and easy way to manipulate large amounts of data at once .
The syntax is also designed to be picked up by almost anyone .
With Python , you will understand how to teach computers large amounts of information at once .
It ’s a fundamental part of the industry , and it ’s essential you know the language well before you get started in the industry .
Learn Data Analysis And Statistics , Deeply
After you learn how to program , there is more to study up on .
Luckily , these subjects are n’t as complicated as programming computers and teaching them how to think .
In fact , you may have already covered most of it in high school .
Data analytics is a fundamental part of machine learning because all computers do is process data .
You need to know how to analyze data yourself before you can design new ways to do it , and how to protect its integrity .
Data analytics also fundamentally relies on statistical methods .
Learn both and you ’ll be ready to start teaching machines how to think .
Machine Learning Is A Growing Industry
The machine learning industry is growing every day .
The people leading the industry are finding new areas for machine learning to thrive every day .
It ’s only a matter of time before machine learning technology finds its way into realms like art , law , or even philosophy .
That means now is the time to get started with a career in the field , and for that , you need to learn all you can about tech .
Keep reading here , and you ’ll know all you need in order to take your first steps in a new machine learning career !
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
After years of hype , noise and funding , the social networking sector is finally getting a harsh , but necessary , sanity check .
Today there are numbers out from comScore that indicate plateauing growth for the big two — MySpace and Facebook — in the U.S. Last week , Revision3 canceled “ SocialBrew , ” an online video show dedicated to social networking .
Meanwhile , Monster killed its Tickle social networking service ( first reported in April by TechCrunch ) , following closely on the heels of CondeNast ’s shuttering of Flip and Verizon ’s decision to close up its virtually unknown network , which had managed to garner a mere 18,000 members .
( Verizon has shifted its community to Facebook . )
And these just might be the tip of the iceberg , for there are way too many me - too networks out there failing to find the traction , and hence the volume , needed to grow their revenues .
The lack of monetization will only accelerate this process .
Google CEO Eric
Schmidt never misses an opportunity to dis the social networking sector , typically by pointing out how hard it is to monetize social media inventory .
Which could just be his way of trying to excuse his company ’s inking of an exclusive $ 900 million deal to serve up advertising on News Corp . - owned properties including MySpace .
But Schmidt ’s motivation notwithstanding , what he says is true :
In a recent report , eMarketer , a N.Y. - based market research agency , lowered its 2008 advertising estimates for U.S. social networks to $ 1.43 billion from $ 1.6 billion .
They expect Facebook will take in $ 265 million and MySpace will bring in $ 755 million , down from earlier projections of $ 305 million and $ 850 million , respectively .
I ’m not sure how they came up with these new projections , but let ’s assume for a moment that they ’re right .
That means that MySpace and Facebook together will bring in $ 1.02 billion in U.S. ad revenue , which leaves about $ 400 million for dozens of other social networks .
eMarketer also calculated revenue per unique visitor for some of the big five :
Google : $ 65.55
Yahoo : $ 31.25
Microsoft ( MSN ) : $ 17.74
MySpace : $ 12.85
Facebook : $ 11.79
Now juxtapose these numbers against the U.S. traffic trends .
Andrew Chen points out that U.S. visitor traffic for both MySpace and Facebook is beginning to show signs of maturing — and plateauing .
The latest comScore data released today only reaffirms
Chen ’s point of view .
Couple the new , lower revenue estimates with the flattening in the growth rate of U.S. visitors , what you end up with are tough times for social networking going forward .
Both MySpace and Facebook are seeing the bulk of their growth overseas , but that traffic is even harder to monetize than traffic in the U.S. Indeed , when it comes to making money on overseas traffic , with the exception of Google and Yahoo , most companies have had a mixed scorecard .
What ’s more , rather than a service unto itself , social networking is becoming just another feature on many web services .
All of these changes are going to continue to have a negative impact , and not just on all - purpose , also - ran social networks , but on the entire ancillary economy , including widget makers .
( See our post on Userplane , the really big widget ad network . )
The way I see it , the market has shifted its focus onto niche social networks , such as those dedicated to sports , music , automobiles and pets .
You know , sites like Dogster !
They have focused , engaged communities , which means they can attract a higher amount of advertising dollars .
( Liz came up with a taxonomy of social networks back in February 2007 that offers up an easy way to understand the nuances of the social networking landscape . )
Not only do they have a purpose , but they do n’t depend on hit - or - miss behavioral targeting - based ad systems that many hope will one day turn social networks into a gold mine .
After all , if you sell dog food , then everyone on Dogster is a potential customer .
As for the rest of the sector , it ’s only a matter of time before more companies go the way of Tickle , Verizon and CondeNast ’s Flip .
Traffic Stats Graph comScore via Techcrunch .
Believe it or not , that headline is not a typo .
John Coyne , Systems Engineer in the OEM Embedded Devices group at Microsoft , has posted a quick blog entry that broke the bad news : as of November 1 , 2008 , Microsoft will no longer allow OEMs to license Windows for Workgroups 3.11 in the embedded channel .
That 's exactly 15 years after it shipped in November 1993 !
Poor OEMs have so much to put up with these days ; first Windows XP , and now this !
Windows for Workgroups 3.11 has of course been unavailable in retail and via client OEMs for years , but the embedded industry wanted to keep this ancient operating system around for much , much longer .
I 'm not sure I want to believe this .
How can Microsoft possibly discontinue an old operating system that has been around for so long and is so well trusted ?
Maybe I 'll start a petition to save it !
I do n't want to move to something more bloated and resource - hungry if I can stay with good old Windows for Workgroups 3.11 .
Why fix what is n't broken ?
I do n't like the new , the old works just fine !
Honestly though , this brings up an interesting perspective on the embedded industry .
It needs a swift kick telling it to stay with the times !
Who wants to take bets on how long Windows XP Embedded will end up being supported until ?
Further reading
DAISETTA , Tex . 
A huge and ravenous sinkhole that threatened to swallow this little East Texas oil town gobbled more crumbling earth Thursday but spared , at least for now , homes , the high school and the main road , Farm to Market 770 .
“ It ’s unreal  the earth just wallered up , ” said Lynn Wells , the mayor and fire chief , who monitored emergency efforts , speeding back and forth on his red Harley - Davidson .
Since the rim of an underground salt dome collapsed and the ground cracked and gave way abruptly Wednesday morning , the hole  already one of the largest on record , geologists here said  has grown to about 600 feet by 525 feet and 150 feet deep , said Cpl. Hugh Bishop of the Liberty County Sheriff ’s Office .
Tom Branch , coordinator of the Liberty County Office of Emergency Management , has been in the job only two weeks and was expecting something different from oil country .
Today , Radiohead released a video for its song “ House of Cards . ” Directed by James Frost , it ’s a beautiful , eerie clip , made with – wait for it – lasers (! ) , instead of cameras or lights .
[ T] wo technologies were used to capture 3D images : Geometric Informatics and Velodyne LIDAR .
Geometric
Informatics scanning systems produce structured light to capture 3D images at close proximity , while a Velodyne Lidar system that uses multiple lasers is used to capture large environments such as landscapes .
In this video , 64 lasers rotating and shooting in a 360 degree radius 900 times per minute produced all the exterior scenes .
The animation data used to make the video are licensed to the public under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike license at Google Code .
This means you are free to use the data to make your own video projects , as long as you abide by the CC license ’s conditions .
( To be clear , the song and its accompanying video are not under CC license ; the data used to make the video are . )
Very exciting stuff .
We ca n’t wait to see all the interesting ways people use this material .
Many Russians like sauna or “ banya ” as it ’s being called in Russia .
They do n’t imagine their next weekend without a visit to such a place together with their friends .
This big demand in Russia for saunas has gave a birth for such a strange device as “ The Mobile Sauna ” .
A four wheel drive truck is a sauna equipped now .
It can take you deep inside the Russian woods and you would have your sauna there .
Sauna lovers say that there is nothing in the world like jumping right from the hot sauna into the cool waters of a forest lake in some place hundred miles away from civilization …
via yaplakal.com
Is there a way John McCain can win the presidency without giving another speech ?
McCain bumbles the delivery
NEW ORLEANS – As Democrats buzzed this week about their new de facto nominee , his historic candidacy and the unlikely political demise of Hillary Rodham Clinton , Republican circles were humming with another topic .
The topic :
Is there a way John McCain can win the presidency without giving another speech ?
Advertisement
That ’s overstated , of course , but the concern about McCain ’s wooden and stumbling address before a few hundred supporters here Tuesday night – the same evening as Barack Obama ’s soaring acceptance address before thousands of screaming fans – has sent something of a shudder through the party and left GOP operatives shaking their heads in dismay .
Not coincidentally , one of the first things McCain did as the general election campaign began in earnest was to challenge Obama to an unprecedented 10 joint town hall meetings this summer .
The Obama camp expressed some initial interest .
The proposal was hatched well before McCain ’s Tuesday speech but reflects the campaign ’s long - held awareness of the Arizona senator ’s communications strengths and weaknesses .
To sympathetic Republicans , the prospect of getting McCain out from behind a lectern and back into the town hall format he loves could n’t come soon enough .
To the McCain inner circle , the visual and stylistic contrast with Obama on Tuesday night was both plain to see and painful in the extreme .
“ Not good , ” a McCain adviser conceded about the dueling images , speaking on condition of anonymity like others interviewed because of the sensitivity involved in critiquing their nominee ’s presentation .
“ It ’s never going to be his strong suit , and it will always be Obama’s . ”
Alex Castellanos , a longtime GOP ad - maker , was more succinct , mixing gallows humor with a brave face in talking on CNN Tuesday night : " This is not a speechmaking contest , ” he said .
“ Thank God . ”
McCain ’s speech , his “ Kermit the Frog ” green backdrop , even his physical appearance were fodder for scores of worried e-mails and phone calls Tuesday and Wednesday between Republican donors , operatives and lobbyists .
One Republican strategist who has worked on past national campaigns said he received messages during the night from GOP loyalists in every administration from Ronald Reagan to George W. Bush .
“ They were appalled at the environment the candidate was standing in and his performance , ” said this strategist .
“ It ’s a serious problem — the contrast is so clear that it ’s demoralizing .
And it deflated our balloon last night .
When the guys on Fox are trash - talking , you know it ’s bad . ”
Other conservatives , such as those posting on the well - read National Review website , were equally unsparing in their assessment .
Even when taking questions from mostly friendly bloggers on a conference call Wednesday afternoon , McCain found himself on the defensive .
Can you loosen up when giving a speech , asked one ?
Another private conference call for surrogates and allies brought a telling suggestion for senior adviser Steve Schmidt from Bud Day , one of McCain ’s closest friends and a fellow Vietnam POW : McCain needs makeup when he goes on TV like he did Tuesday , Day said .
What most everybody inside and out of McCain ’s campaign agreed upon was that the address was well - written .
“ It just was n’t delivered the best , ” admitted a campaign aide .
“ He has to get sharper on delivery . ”
No presidential candidate can stop giving prepared speeches altogether , of course .
But McCain aides and advisers are hopeful that they ’ll better set up the candidate for success in the next five months by holding more town halls and forums sans lectern and teleprompter .
The town hall / debate proposal to Obama follows this same strategy .
In this environment , aides argue , McCain ’s passion , wit and command of issues can be better illustrated , and his engagement with voters will portray him as more real than Obama , who can be inspirational but also lofty and esoteric .
In Nashville , Tenn. , on Monday , for example , McCain was at ease holding court in the historic Ryman Auditorium , rattling off his usual array of one - liners , bantering with friendly and hostile questioners , all the while explaining his views and contrasting them with Obama .
“ It ’s no secret that John McCain ’s sweet spot is in the town hall environment , ” said a campaign aide .
“ He ’s a natural campaigner up close with the public . ”
Which is partly why the campaign will push heavily for Obama to accept the joint forums .
Without a pre-canned and rehearsed speech , the young Democrat is not quite the threat – as demonstrated by his uneven debate performances during the long primary season , though he clearly got better as he went along .
“ They need to add more debates and more open format events for the fall , ” a McCain friend said of the campaign .
“ Maybe this is an opening gambit to negotiate toward that . ”
Still , whether the proposal leads to summer sessions or just ensures a few additional forums after Labor Day , McCain ’s inner circle recognizes that the preternatural Obama wo n’t exactly come off as a slouch in their preferred setting -- or any setting .
“ It ’s a little bit of a gamble , but it ’s one worth taking , ” said an adviser .
“ The best thing McCain can do is get on stage with Obama as often as possible .
People will start to look past what they are hearing to what [ the candidates ] are saying . ”
In a general election , McCain will never be able to replicate the New Hampshire town hall format in which he ’s excelled in two presidential primaries .
But it ’s no coincidence that the contours of the forums he ’s proposing to Obama are similar to those informal and unpredictable sessions in Nashua , Peterborough and Exeter that propelled him to political stardom .
There would be an audience of a couple hundred , a variety of viewpoints ( in this case , to be picked by “ an independent polling agency ” ) , a time frame between an hour and hour and a half , “ very limited moderation by an independent local moderator ” ( the next best thing to McCain calling on those with hands raised ) and , of course , blind questions from the audience .
“ He ’s at his best when he ’s doing the give and take , ” observed Dante Scala , a University of New Hampshire political science professor who has seen McCain in his Granite State retail element .
“ The I - do n’t - know - how - many - hundred [ town halls ] he ’s done will do that for you . ”
And , noted Scala , there is good news for McCain on the oratory front : “ He ’s only got to really give one more big speech during the campaign . ”
2019 seems like it was eons ago , not just last year .
Stationery and material things do n’t seem so important right now as we continue to face this pandemic .
I hope you ’re well , and that it might be cheerful to hear about a bona fide stationery destination .
I ’d like to write about a remarkable street that I visited twice last year .
I had heard about it from multiple sources , though I was n’t sure what to expect .
Rue du Pont Louis - Philippe is a small street in the historic Le Marais neighborhood of the Paris ’s 4th district .
It runs north from Pont Louis Phillipe , a bridge from the charming Ile Saint - Louis .
( Very close to Shakespeare and Co. and the Notre Dame cathedral . )
A brief walk along the street will take one directly to the Picasso Museum .
Ile Saint - Loius , the smaller of the two islands in the Seine , has beautiful views and is very nicely preserved .
Westward view
I do n’t know the whole history , but the street is often noted as a stationery location , with Calligrane ( no. 6 ) , Papier Plus ( No. 9 ) , and Melodies Graphiques ( No. 10 ) having storefronts .
Melodies Graphiques in fact has two storefonts , so depending on how you count – there are three or four stationers on this single block .
These stores all date from the 1970s or 1980s , so their presence is established .
Calligrane – No. 6
In the order one will see them walking northward – the first stop is Calligrane .
It is well beyond offering office supplies .
Calligrane is an incredible temple to the art of paper .
There is nothing mass manufactured or branded in their store .
Everything is a visual delight , all hand made by artisans ( mainly French or Japanese ) with high quality materials .
They have loose paper , from business card size to A2 or larger formats for artists .
They have some notebooks , though I would not say that is their specialty .
They sell paper for writing and art , and paper objects which are themselves art forms .
Calligrane Interior
Founded in 1979 , I would say that this a global stationery destination worth a special visit .
I found it to be a very satisfying experience .
Next is Melodies Graphique .
They are a traditional stationer with an emphasis on calligraphy and handwriting .
They have vintage school essay books , and a comprehensive nib and ink section .
I saw a delightful Herbin notebook which starts the pupil with a sample letter to be copied .
They have an adjacent second storefront devoted to wrapping paper and decorative items .
If you like vintage ink bottles , nibs , and highly traditional stationery emphasis , this store is a bit of heaven .
They have an adjacent second storefront with an emphasis on wrapping paper and cards .
They were founded in 1986 .
Melodies Graphiques – No. 10
If you know the elite brand Soumkine – this is ( or was at the time of my visit ) Soumkine ’s sole retailer in the entire world !
Melodies Graphiques – additional storefront
On the other side of the street is Papier Plus .
It is the only store that I noticed having significantly changed between May and November , diminishing the presence of global brands .
They do still stock some mass appeal brands ( e.g. Lamy ) but their emphasis is on their own paper / notebook and photo album brand , and products from boutique Paris artisans .
If you like swatches of colour , they have many of their notebooks in over two dozen colour choices .
They date from 1976 .
Papier Plus – No. 9
Overall , it was a special pleasure to visit these three exceptional stationery boutiques on the same street , and recommend a visit .
There are multiple places in Paris where one can find typical arrays of commercial stationery , but the emphasis of these shops on local and artisan created products was particularly distinctive .
I was enroute to another destination , so I did n’t want to overfill my suitcase .
But , I did pick up a few very special items .
From Calligrane , a hand bound accordion album .
Unfortunately it is currently residing in my too nice to use archive .
From Papier Plus , an Armorial gold edged pad .
Incredibly nice !
From Melodies Graphiques , a Soumkine notebook :
I hope you enjoyed this mini tour .
A Los Angeles judge abruptly ended a trial and exonerated a man of possessing cocaine Monday after a courtroom confrontation in which a defense attorney produced a surprise video of his client ’s arrest that sharply contradicted the testimony of two police officers .
Superior Court Judge Monica Bachner dismissed charges against Guillermo Alarcon Jr. , a grocery store worker , after prosecutors reviewed the tape and acknowledged that it was inconsistent with the officers ’ sworn testimony .
Los Angeles Police Department officials said they had launched an internal affairs investigation of the officers .
Additionally , prosecutors said they would refer the matter to a division within the Los Angeles County district attorney ’s office that investigates police misconduct cases .
During the trial , which began Friday , the officers told jurors that they had chased Alarcon , 29 , into his Hollywood apartment building last year and seen him throw away a black object .
They testified that one of the officers picked up the object a few feet from where Alarcon was standing and discovered powder and crack cocaine inside .
Advertisement
But footage from the grainy video , which Alarcon ’s attorney said came from an apartment building surveillance camera , shows that it took the two officers more than 20 minutes to find the drugs .
They were also aided by other officers in their search .
The quality of the tape , a copy of which was obtained by The Times , is poor and it is difficult to clearly hear what is being said .
But at one point , an officer seems to make a reference to the arrest report that needed to be filled out .
“ Be creative in your writing , ” the officer appears to tell another after the discovery .
“ Oh yeah , do n’t worry , sin duda [ no doubt ] , ” comes the reply .
Advertisement
In allegations echoing misconduct from the Rampart corruption scandal of the late 1990s , Deputy Public Defender Victor Acevedo said the cocaine was not Alarcon ’s and described the prosecution ’s case as “ completely trumped up . ”
“ They have two officers who came into court and blatantly lied and planted evidence , ” he told Bachner on Monday .
Like the officers , prosecutors in the case said they were unaware that the videotape existed until Acevedo produced it in court Friday .
On Monday , prosecutors said that they had reviewed the 37 - minute video and that it appeared to have been edited in two places to remove about 13 seconds of sound .
Nevertheless , they said , its contents meant that they could no longer proceed with the case .
“ The videotape speaks for itself , ” Deputy Dist .
Atty .
Liza
Tom said .
“ There do appear to be sufficient inconsistencies to render a verdict beyond a reasonable doubt unlikely in this case . ”
Advertisement
Tom said prosecutors had yet to talk to the officers about their testimony and the video evidence .
Police Cmdr. Richard Webb , who oversees the department ’s internal affairs group , said his investigators were notified about the court hearing Monday afternoon .
“ We ’re trying to figure out the facts as fast as we possibly can , ” Webb said .
“ Bottom line :
We take this kind of stuff very , very seriously . ”
The drug charges against Alarcon rested almost entirely on the word of the two officers , Richard Amio and Evan Samuel .
Advertisement
Both men joined the LAPD in 2002 .
Amio works as a patrol officer in the Hollywood Division .
Samuel left the department six months ago and works for the Chino Police Department .
Neither appeared in court Monday , nor could they be reached for comment .
On Friday , the officers appeared confident and composed as they testified one at a time .
The two men said they were driving down Ardmore Avenue just south of Santa Monica Boulevard on July 6 when they recognized Alarcon , a suspected gang member , standing on the sidewalk outside his apartment complex .
As they shined their car ’s spotlight at him , they said , Alarcon fled down one of the building ’s walkways .
The officers said they jumped out of their car and chased him into the building ’s carport .
There , they testified , they saw Alarcon throw a black box toward a dumpster .
“ As it hit the dumpster , I observed that once it landed on the floor it cracked open , ” Amio told jurors .
Advertisement
During his testimony , Amio was asked whether it took about 20 minutes to find the drugs .
“ No , ” he replied , with a laugh .
Samuel gave a similar account .
“ He threw it to his right and it hit off a dumpster in the same general area , ” Samuel testified .
Advertisement
The officers said that Samuel picked up the box .
Inside , he found 12 bindles of powder cocaine and two rocks of crack cocaine with a street value of about $ 260 .
Alarcon was arrested on suspicion of drug possession with the intent to sell .
Under cross-examination , Samuel and Amio denied hearing or saying several comments that the defense contended were made by officers on the video , including a threat against Alarcon to put him on his knees if he talked again .
The questioning climaxed when Alarcon ’s attorney finally asked Amio : “ Are you aware of a video and audio recording that completely contradicts what you have testified to today ? ”
Advertisement
“ No , sir , ” Amio replied .
The defense attorney had planned to question the officers about the tape Monday , but prosecutors moved to dismiss the case before the trial resumed .
The video starts shortly after Alarcon was detained in the carport .
Officers had seen Alarcon close the door to a nearby laundry room .
On the video , the officers spent roughly 15 minutes looking for someone to unlock the room ’s door .
The video does not show who found the drugs .
But after nearly 25 minutes , it shows a group of officers huddled together talking about opening a container .
They opened the container and appeared to find drugs .
Advertisement
Acevedo alleged that the drugs found by the officers were not his client ’s and might have been planted by police .
The tape , however , does not show drugs being planted .
The attorney accused the officers of targeting his client after they arrested him several weeks earlier on suspicion of assault , but discovered he had been released without charge .
Alarcon said he was relieved his case had been dropped , saying that he had lived for a year with the threat of going to prison .
Before the trial , he said , prosecutors had offered him two years in prison if he pleaded guilty .
“ If I did n’t have the videotape , nobody would believe me , ” said Alarcon , who said he was not a gang member .
Advertisement
Civil rights attorney Connie Rice , who has studied the LAPD and pushed for reforms , said the department has tried in recent years to root out dishonest officers , particularly since Chief William J. Bratton took over in 2002 .
But she said , there are some who take shortcuts and lie .
“ In their minds , they ’re compensating for a system that ’s rigged to keep them from making the arrests and getting the convictions they want , ” she said .
--
jack.leonard@latimes.com
Ron Paul , the former Republican presidential candidate , and his followers have been making plans for their own mini convention when his party gathers in St. Paul to nominate Senator John McCain .
Except the Paul - ite gathering is no longer so mini .
Due to popular demand , as the saying goes , Mr. Paul had to scrap plans to hold his event at the nearly 15,000 - capacity Williams Arena at the University of Minnesota .
Instead , his “ Rally for Liberty ” will move to the Target Center in Minneapolis , which can hold up to 18,000 .
Mr. Paul , a Texas congressman , amassed both supporters and campaign contributions while running for the Republican nomination .
He declined to seek the Libertarian nomination ( former Representative Bob Barr is that party ’s candidate ) , but he is not endorsing Senator John McCain and continues to try to build on the antiwar , pro-privacy , antigovernment movement he inspired during his presidential run .
Grover Norquist , the antitax icon , and the conservative pundit Tucker Carlson are among those scheduled to appear at the event on Sept. 2 in Minneapolis while Republicans meet from Sept. 1 - 4 in nearby St. Paul .
The shadow convention follows two days of training and organizing meetings .
Jesse Benton , a spokesman for Mr. Paul ’s nascent Campaign for Liberty political action committee , said in a news release that the event will remind Republicans that “ there is an army of grassroots activists across the country ready to work with them if they steer back to their traditions of limited government and personal liberty . ”
Tickets , which cost a catchy $ 17.76 , go on sale Friday .
The Pacific Epilepsy Society in affiliation with the Epileptic Foundation of Maui has completed a seven year study on Epilepsy and Seizures , finding that epilepsy is at an all time high in Hawaii and the western states and Pacific Ocean Territories .
There has been a 100 % increase over the two previous years .
See EFM Survey , Freedom of Info Act 2000 - 2008 & EFM Survey 1999-03
The most profound reason for the spectacular increase in seizures is the inclusion of the drug ASPARTAME in with the new larger sized anti-seizure drugs : DILANTIN , DEPACOAT , TEGRATOL and several others produced by major pharmaceutical corporations .
In 2007 the manufacture of Dilantin changed the description of the 100 mg .
Dilantin changed the 100 mg white capsule with red stripe to a much larger white capsule , orange on one end , which contains 100 mg of the drug , plus aspartame .
150 people who took the new Dilantin capsule found the seizure rate increased in every case .
The Chemical Pharmaceutical Engineer employee , in fear of his job would not reveal his name , but said they were adding aspartame .
He said the new larger orange & white Dilantin is also labeled 100 mg ,
Dr. Allen Stein , Neurosurgeon , President of the Epilepsy Foundation of Hawaii ( a separate organization from the above ) is sympathetic to the makers of ASPARTAME and routinely prescribes these drugs .
I believe this contributes to the increase of epilepsy in these areas .
Glenn Mabson , PhD. , CEO
Epileptic Foundation of Maui ( dba Pacific Epilepsy Society )
808 879 8999
INTERVIEW WITH DR .
MABSON : by Dr. Betty Martini , D.Hum
MARTINI : How did you get started in this investigation , and why , Dr. Mabson ?
MABSON From 1999 to 2007
The Epileptic Foundation of Maui conducted a survey on the number of people in Maui suffering from the three most prevalent types of epileptic seizures : (1) Absence ( 2 ) Complex - partial ( 3 ) Grand Mal Seizures .
4,975 victims from a Maui Population of 130,000 suffered from one of these types of seizures .
Seniors over 65 and children 12 or less had increased epileptic seizures .
The count for the entire state of Hawaii is over 28,000 seizure victims .
In an effort to determine the most effective medication it was discovered that well over 50 % of the victims consumed medications containing aspartame .
We inquired as to what anti-seizure medications were mostly prescribed to control their seizures .
Dilantin , Tegratol and Depacote contained most aspartame amount among the 22 most utilized anti-seizure medications .
In 2007 the Dilantin changed the 100 mg white capsule with red stripe to a much larger white capsule , orange on one end , which contains 100 mg of the drug , plus aspartame .
150 people who took the new Dilantin capsule found the seizure rate increased in every case .
Impaired vision and thinking , and it is suspected glaucoma in fifty patients who never had visual problems prior to taking the new Dilantin capsule .
We suspected this was an experiment out of control .
A manufacturer of Dilantin then confirmed aspartame is in the drug .
MARTINI : Were there any deaths having to do with aspartame ?
MABSON : Dr. Allen Stein , Neurosurgeon , has been prescribing aspartame to patients in large quantities with negative results , in some cases as many as 150 highly suspected deaths .
He is president of the Epilepsy Foundation of Hawaii .
MARTINI : What is the difference between your organization and Stein's ?
MABSON : A big and important difference : The Epileptic Foundation of Maui ( EFM ) provides first aid to epilepsy victims , hands on help , with a 24/7 Help Line 1 888-919-9444
We have trained more than 5000 parents , Maui Police , Department of Public Safety , IRS , Hawaii Business and Public Schools at no cost !
We provide immediate , practical lifesaving care to seizure victims .
This is very personal to me .
I have traumatic epilepsy from torture during 18 months as a civilian prisoner of war in Viet Nam .
Over 50 dedicated volunteers carry out this public service .
We take no money from aspartame makers .
MARTINI : So what does Stein 's organization do ?
MABSON : It sells books and some outdated documents , but provides no
personal service .
MARTINI : In what journals have you published ?
MABSON : Among many others , the following : Neurology 48:621 .
Hamburg University News 2003 , Strouseburg on Epilepsy Vol 2 pp 5 , 6 , 7 & 8 Savic , International .
Athurer lnternational Epilepsy Research 26:245 2002 : Long Term Follow - up After Temporal Lobe Resection for Lesions Associated With Choric Seizures
[ Note by Betty Martini , D.Hum :
It has been known that aspartame is a
seizure triggering drug for three decades .
In a 52 week aspartame oral toxicity study on 7 infant monkeys , 5 had grand mal seizures and 1 died .
http://www.aspartaam.nl/artikelen_eng/raorapport.txt
The FDAs 1995 list of 92 documented symptoms from 10,000 citizen complaints named 4 types of seizures , death , blindness , sexual disfunction and a long list of neurological injuries .
www.mpwhi.com/92_aspartame_symptoms.pdf
Dr. Richard Wurtman testified against aspartame to Congress .
He told UPI investigator Gregory Gordon that he was threatened by the VP of G D Searle Co , aspartame producer , that his funding would be killed if he studied aspartame seizures .
So Wurtman speaks no more against aspartame but he left quite a paper trail .
http://www.wnho.net/upi_1987_aspartame1.htm
Mrs. Barbara Metzler , Mission Possible New Jersey , tells about her
daughter Julia :
In April 1986 Julia was completing her graduate studies , was
diagnosed with temporal lobe epilepsy .
A neurologist in Pennsylvania was treating her with medication he deemed appropriate , but without success .
I learned Dr. Richard Wurtman of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology was doing research into a possible link between epileptic seizures and aspartame .
( NutraSweet ) .
It occurred to me that aspartame may have triggered her problems , since I experienced that beverages sweetened with aspartame gave me classic migraines .
I spoke to my daughters many friends , and they watched her carefully and reported individually that she had peculiar episodes shortly after they saw her drink diet soda .
So I wrote to Dr. Wurtman and he replied :
Thank you for writing to us about your daughters condition that may very well be associated with NutraSweet .
He requested that I send him specific information about Julie 's neurological problems , then arranged for her to be evaluated at Beth Israel Hospital in
Boston .
Her evaluation included 3 days of monitoring with EEG telemetry as well as neuropsychological testing .
When the testing was completed , my daughter was told that she had been misdiagnosed by her Pennsylvania neurologist and that she did not have temporal lobe epilepsy at all .
She was advised to stop her medication and to stop drinking diet soda .
She listened , and little by little , her bizarre problem disappeared .
To watch her recover was an incredible experience !
Twelve years later , she tried diet soda again and she had the same severe reaction .
She quit the diet soda sweetened with aspartame and never had a problem again .
I also contacted Dr. H.J. Roberts in Florida and he immediately suggested that my daughter was suffering from a reaction to the artificial sweetener aspartame in her diet soda .
And , he realized that the aspartame also had a definite effect on her cognitive functioning and her vision .
This case is presented in two of Dr. Roberts books exposing aspartame .
How do aspartame makers get research to show their poison is harmless ?
The golden rule applies :
He who supplies the Gold makes the Rules .
Researchers - for - hire are vassals of the corporations paying them .
If they come back with the honest analysis :
Your junk is a killer !
they get blacklisted , so naturally their report reads :
Your glorious scientific breakthrough is marvelous , safe , effective and wonderful and everybody in the World should take it twice a day !
[ If we do n't lie about it somebody else will ! ]
And should you publish a medical magazine , all it takes to get ridiculous fake research published is a fat advertising contract .
Dr. Ralph Walton correlated scientific studies with their funding and determined that 92 % of independent studies unfunded by corporations , show aspartame problems , but 100 % of corporate controlled research declare it safe .
http://www.dorway.com/peerrev.html
G. D. Searle Cos reports to the FDA were so bad that the Justice Department initiated prosecution for fraud .
The easy to fix for Searle : was to hire the prosecutors , who stalled until the statute of limitations was about to run out , then left the Government .
You just cant make a poison safe .
Here is the famous FDA audit , the
Bressler Report : http://www.dorway.com/bressler.txt
Dr. Ralph Walton did his own study on aspartame which was then owned by Monsanto who refused to sell him the aspartame because they couldnt control his research .
But the study was shut down after one man had a retinal detachment and never regained the sight in one eye .
Another volunteer had conjunctival bleeding and others complained of being poisoned .
In speaking to Dr. Walton about this study , he replied :
We have known for many years that aspartame lowers the seizure threshold .
To combine an anticonvulsive with aspartame to make seizures more likely is outrageous .
Read his report on aspartame seizures and psychiatric disorders .
http://www.mpwhi.com/aspartame_and_psychiatric_disorders.htm
Here is research by Mark Gold of the Aspartame Toxicity Center , showing scientific abuse in seizure research and aspartame by industry .
http://www.dorway.com/wurtman2.html
Washington Consumer Attorney James Turner , who fought with Dr. Olney
to prevent aspartame approval commented on the Epileptic Foundation
of Mauis study :
This study has confirmed that aspartame triggers both seizures and epilepsy , but this isnt news to me .
In 1986 I was the attorney for the Community Nutrition Institute who petitioned FDA to ban aspartame for that exact reason .
Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology surveyed 80 people who experienced seizures after consuming aspartame .
The petition of Community Nutrition Institutes petition said :
These 80 cases meet the FDA 's definition of an imminent hazard to the public health , which requires FDA to expeditiously remove a product from the market . "
His case went all the way to the Supreme Court and was turned down , which shows the power of the manufacturers , because how could any Supreme Court Justice who examined proof that aspartame triggers seizures let it stay on the market .
Our Supreme Court is overwhelmed by Big Pharma 's influence as shown by the Court 's February decision , Riegel v. Medtronic Inc. , barring lawsuits in state courts that challenge and contest the safety / effectiveness of medical devices that are FDA approved .
Recently lawmakers have unveiled plans to introduce legislation in the House and Senate to overturn that decision which restricts states authority and deprives afflicted patients of any recourse for damages .
Next Big Pharma will attempt to become free of any liability from dangerous drugs that inflict disability and death on consumers .
Of course this is unconstitutional .
Had the FDA banned aspartame in l986 thousands of aspartame victims would still be alive .
Subsequently FDA listed 92 aspartame symptoms including four types of seizures , and death , which were tabulated from over 10,000 volunteered consumer complaints .
On Maui , a Pacific paradise , over 100 aspartame seizures victims have died .
Multiply that in over 100 countries where aspartame is consumed in thousands of foods and soft drinks .
It should be banned by Codex to prevent a rampaging scourge as it would multiply in even more countries .
FDA list of reactions to aspartame named grand mal seizures , seizures and convulsions , petit mal seizures , now called absence seizures , simple partial seizures & complex partial seizures .
An imminent health hazard amendment in October to a 6 year old Citizens
Petition to ban aspartame by Dr. Betty Martini , Founder of Mission Possible International , has been ignored by the FDA .
The FDA is corrupted by the avalanche of cash paid by the companies it regulates , over half of FDA funding .
Face it , FDA works for Big Pharma , not citizens .
It should immediately ban aspartame , as it should have done 22 years ago instead of continuing in the hire of aspartame producers .
The Epileptic Foundation of Mauis research shows anti-seizure drugs contain seizure triggering aspartame which they give to epileptics to stop seizures .
When will this obscene insanity cease .
H. J. Roberts , M.D. , FACP , FCCP authored the encyclopedic1,000 page text , Aspartame Disease : An Ignored Epidemic , and has reported on aspartame seizures for years , as well as drug interaction with anti-seizure medication .
He said :
Considering the large body of data pointing to aspartame - induced or
aggravated epilepsy , I regard the virtual total lack of interest therein as disgraceful .
For any who doubt the reality of this association , I have detailed the clinical and experimental information in many articles and four texts over the past quarter century .
This issue has been compounded by the addition of aspartame to a number of drugs used to treat seizures .
( www.sunsentpress.com)
Dr. Kenneth P. Stoller explains :
When large amounts of unopposed phenylalanine ( 1/3rd of the aspartame
molecule ) hits the brain it causes serotonin levels to crash which lowers seizure threshold , and in many cases causes frank seizures .
This information has been known since the 1970s when the original research was done on monkeys but kept from the FDA by the then owner of the patent G. D. Searle .
This is why the FDA called the US attorney to convene a grand jury against Searle .
The lawyers representing Searle then bought the US Attorney who left the case to his assistant .
The Grand Jury was allowed to expire and the assistant was then hired by the same law firm as his reward for killing the Grand Jury .
President , International Hyperbaric Medical Assoc www.hbotnm.com
Medical Director , Hyperbaric Medical Center of New Mexico
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Floods like those that inundated the U.S. Midwest are supposed to occur once every 500 years but this is the second since 1993 , suggesting flawed forecasts that do not take global warming into account , conservation experts said on Tuesday .
Grain from a silo floats in floodwaters after the Meyer levee broke near Canton , Missouri , June 19 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Frank Polich
“ Although no single weather event can be attributed to global warming , it ’s critical to understand that a warming climate is supplying the very conditions that fuel these kinds of weather events , ” said Amanda Staudt , a climate scientist with the National Wildlife Federation .
Warmer air can carry more water , Staudt said in a telephone briefing , and this means more heavy precipitation in the central United States .
Big Midwestern storms that used to be seen every 20 years or so will likely occur every four to six years by century ’s end , she said .
The idea that certain places along the Mississippi River and its tributaries will only flood once every 500 years may be based on mistaken assumptions that flood patterns do not change over time , said Nicholas Pinter of Southern Illinois University .
Pinter said these assumptions are contained in an analysis on Mississippi River flooding in the upper Midwest , led by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , which among other things builds and maintains river levees .
In the last 35 years , there have been four floods in the Mississippi River basin that qualified as 100 - year floods or higher according to the Army Corps ’ analysis , Pinter said .
BIGGER , MORE FREQUENT FLOODS
“ It is an impossibility that those numbers can be correct , ” Pinter told reporters .
“ These are not random events .
We ’re getting a systematic pattern of floods larger and / or more frequent than currently estimated by those calculations . ”
The Army Corps ’ analysis rejects any kind of climate change -- human - generated or naturally occurring -- as a mechanism that could alter flood patterns along the Mississippi over the last century , Pinter said .
He said the analysis also rejects the effects of land use and navigation construction over that period .
“ We suggest the current flood , sadly , is a confirmation that ... these numbers are probably invalid , underestimating the occurrence of floods up and down this river for a variety of mechanisms , ” Pinter said .
Given the impact of this year ’s Midwest floods , the National Wildlife Federation , a non-profit conservation group , called on Congress to hold immediate hearings to revise the National Flood Insurance Reform and Modernization Act .
In a letter to chairmen and ranking members of the Senate Banking Committee and House Financial Services Committee , federation president Larry Schweiger noted that there was significant rebuilding in flood plains along the Mississippi after the 1993 floods .
“ While there may have been an expectation that such floods would only happen every 500 years , scientists now warn that climate change will make such floods far more frequent , ” Schweiger wrote .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Facing a crippling increase in fuel costs , some rural U.S. schools are mulling a solution born of the ‘ 70s oil crisis : a four - day week .
A gasoline pump nozzle is seen at a gas station in Arlington , Virginia , June 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
Cutting out one day of school has been the key to preserving educational programs and staff in parts of Kentucky , New Mexico and Minnesota , outweighing some parents ’ concerns about finding day - care for the day off .
“ For rural school districts where buses may travel 100 miles round - trip each day , there certainly are transportation savings worth considering , ” said Marc Egan , the director of federal affairs at the National School Boards Association .
Egan said about 100 schools in as many as 16 states have already moved to a four - day school week , many to save money on transportation , heating and cooling .
Nevada ’s White Pine School District switched just one of its schools to a four - day week three years ago .
Now , with energy costs soaring , four other schools in the district are following suit .
“ We ’re looking at it district - wide with energy costs being at the forefront of the conversation , ” said Bob Dolezal , superintendent of Nevada ’s White Pine County School District , which is facing a 14 percent budget cut due to a shortfall in state funding .
MACCRAY Public Schools in Minnesota , which voted to switch to a four - day week in May , expects to shave 10 percent off transportation costs , which have risen unexpectedly in recent years as fuel costs have shot up .
“ The savings for a four - day week just on the transportation alone were $ 65,000 , ” said MACCRAY superintendent Greg Schmidt .
The plan initially did cause alarm among some parents , who were concerned about finding child - care , but most have managed to find place their kids in day care or with relatives , Schmidt said .
In addition , MACCRAY plans to institute a child - care certification program for older students to offer day care for younger kids on the day off .
One of the pioneers of the four - day week , the Cimarron , New Mexico school district , is looking to cut energy costs by getting back to its roots .
Cimarron Public
Schools moved a four - day week when energy prices shot up in the early 1970s , but has become more “ complacent , ” letting the heating and cooling systems run even during the day off since the end of the OPEC oil embargo , Cimarron ’s superintendent James Gallegos said .
With soaring energy costs , that will no longer be the case : “ As we start the next school year , it ’s going to be very minimal on the Fridays that we are off , ” Gallegos said .
Webster County School District in Kentucky switched to a four - day week four years ago under economic duress -- a state budget crisis left the school in limbo , leaving the district with the option of dropping school days or cutting staff and programs .
The district ended up saving tens of thousands of dollars in fuel and energy costs , helping to cut total costs by 3.5 to 4 percent , said James Kemp , the superintendent of the Webster County School District .
The shortened week at Webster also brought unexpected benefits such as improved attendance and a boost in student performance .
“ If we were to go back to a five - day week , the school board and I would be run out of town , ” Kemp said .
Firstly , let me define web font embedding , or so - called web fonts , as I see it .
I mean using @font - face to point to regular TrueType or OpenType font files on a web server .
In terms of support , the current state of affairs is such that Safari 3.1 supports web fonts , it is scheduled for Firefox 3.1 and it is currently available in a development release of Opera .
It ’s true to say that Internet Explorer has supported web fonts since version 4 , but only by way of EOT files which are currently proprietary .
It ’s true that Microsoft is trying to get the W3C to make EOT a standard , but EOT is a form of DRM requiring pre-processing of regular fonts and as such is not acceptable to me , despite Bill Hill ’s protestations ( the condescending tone and content of which not unreasonably got the Joe Clark treatment ) .
So .
The current state of affairs is that about 3 % of browsers currently support web fonts ( as I define them ) , a figure which is due to rise to about 30 % probably later this year .
This means , to me , that web fonts are not the future , they are the here - and - now , especially if your business is typefaces .
On that basis , it ’s high time that font foundries and type designers stopped waving their hands in the air proclaiming the death of their industry , insisting that everyone will be pirating their fonts and installing them for free .
Instead they should see this as an opportunity to be grabbed with both hands .
Before I explain how , let ’s get a couple of facts straight .
Firstly , web font embedding does n’t install the font on the operating system .
The Web Fonts spec has always specified that “ downloaded fonts should not be made available to other applications . ”
So the font exists only within the browser .
Secondly , designers do not necessarily have to upload the font file to their own web server .
They can link to a font file on another server .
And this is where the real opportunity lies .
When you embed a Google map on your web page , you do n’t download a bunch of map images from Google and stick them on your server , you link to Google which then serves up the maps to registered domains .
The same approach can be applied to fonts .
Font foundries could license their fonts for embedding and serve those fonts only to registered websites , using their own hosted system or via a trusted third party .
This way foundries can provide designers and their readers with a legal way of embedding fonts , removing the need for uploading font files to multiple web servers , and of course make some extra income in the process .
Think about it – foundries can sell their fonts twice this way – once to the designer and again to the readers† .
Font embedding wo n’t increase piracy of fonts – there ’s plenty of that already happening via email , BitTorrent and any other Internet vessel you care to think of .
Professional designers and reputable clients will continue to license fonts as they always have done .
There is no point trying to fight font embedding – that horse has bolted – it ’s already happening .
So why think of your customers as potential criminals , when instead you could gain control over the situation and make more money from your fonts ?
† Update : a clarification and a pricing model
I would n’t expect any website visitors to pay for an embedded font .
However if designers want their customers to read a certain font then they could be willing to pay for it .
So I ’m expecting designers ( or more likely their clients ) to pay for the font embedding on behalf of their readers .
At the moment , fonts are sold on a per-machine basis – a single payment allows perpetual use .
But given that the font embedding mechanism I ’m proposing is a web service , a monthly payment model could be more appropriate .
By way of example , let ’s pick a $ 199 font and divide that figure across two years .
That makes about $ 8 per month , which would seem fairly enticing for something as lovely as say , Archer .
And there ’s the ‘ freemium ’ model to think about which might mean you could get the book weight for free , but other weights and italics are paid for .
Food for thought , surely ?
Update
The venerable “ John Allsopp ” : has added to the call for a Fonts as a Service in his extremely well thought out article Ubiquitous web font embedding just got a step closer .
John also states the case against EOT as a method of tying intellectual property to a data format , adding this gem :
Yet , simple as the idea may sound , considerable research is still needed to be certain the technique would be safe , effective and affordable .
Scientists need to figure out which kinds of rock and soil formations are best at holding carbon dioxide .
They need to be sure the gas will not bubble back to the surface .
They need to find optimal designs for new power plants so as to cut costs .
And some complex legal questions need to be resolved , such as who would be liable if such a project polluted the groundwater or caused other damage far from the power plant .
Major corporations sense the possibility of a profitable new business , and G.E. signed a partnership on Wednesday with Schlumberger , the oil field services company , to advance the technology of carbon capture and sequestration .
But only a handful of small projects survive , and the recent cancellations mean that most of this work has come to a halt , raising doubts that the technique can be ready any time in the next few decades .
And without it , “ we ’re not going to have much of a chance for stabilizing the climate , ” said John Thompson , who oversees work on the issue for the Clean Air Task Force , an environmental group .
The fear is that utilities , lacking proven chemical techniques for capturing carbon dioxide and proven methods for storing it underground by the billions of tons per year , will build the next generation of coal plants using existing technology .
That would ensure that vast amounts of global warming gases would be pumped into the atmosphere for decades .
The highest - profile failure involved a project known as FutureGen , which President Bush himself announced in 2003 : a utility consortium , with subsidies from the government , was going to build a plant in Mattoon , Ill. , testing the most advanced techniques for converting coal to a gas , capturing pollutants , and burning the gas for power .
The carbon dioxide would have been compressed and pumped underground into deep soil layers .
Monitoring devices would have tested whether any was escaping to the atmosphere .
Shift | giochi in bianco e nero
Sicuramente SHIFT è il gioco in bianco e nero più originale e divertente del web !
Shift è anche il tasto ( MAIUSC ) che vi permette di passare dal bianco al nero , dal sopra al sotto , ed è anche l ’idea che rende questo gioco davvero unico .
Un platform dove oltre ai salti si devono affrontare anche problematiche di logica che vi appassionerà .
AVVISO : collegatevi a Ecogiochi nei prossimi giorni , troverete un gioco musicale davvero fuori dal comune
Federal court : Bush can indefinitely detain civilians RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday July 15 , 2008
Print This Email
This A federal court has issued two rulings , the New York Times reports :
One favoring President Bush 's indefinite detentions of " enemy combatants , " and another granting one of said " enemy combatants " the opportunity to challenge his detention in court .
The court effectively ruled that President Bush has the same right to indefinitely detain a civilian on American soil as he does an enemy soldier on a battlefield .
Ali al - Marri , the only " enemy combatant " to be held in the continental United States , is in military custody in Charleston , South Carolina .
He was arrested in Peoria , Illinois on December 12 , 2001 on charges of credit card fraud and lying to federal agents before being sent to Charleston in 2003 .
A 5 - 4 majority of the United States Court of Appeals , Fourth Circuit , said that a sworn statement from an intelligence official as the government 's sole testimony in an earlier proceeding was " inadequate . "
The official , Jeffrey N. Rapp , said that al - Marri was an al - Qaeda sleeper agent whose objective in the United States was to " commit mass murder and disrupt the banking system . "
The other ruling effectively reverses an earlier ruling by a three - judge panel with the same court that ordered that al - Marri be either charged with a crime or released .
Justice Department spokesman Brian Roehrkasse , saying that al - Marri had " already received all the process he was due , " added that the decision recognize the president 's authority to " capture and detain [ al - Qaeda ] agents who , like the 9/11 hijackers , come to this country to commit or facilitate warlike acts against American civilians . "
" This decision , " countered Jonathan L. Hafetz , counsel for al - Marri , means the president can pick up any person in the country -- citizen or legal resident -- and lock them up for years without the most basic safeguard in the Constitution , the right to a criminal trial . "
More can be read at the New York Times .
The federal government has introduced a controversial bill it says balances the rights of copyright holders and consumers — but it opens millions of Canadians to huge lawsuits , prompting critics to warn it will create a " police state . "
" We are confident we have developed the proper framework at this point in time , " Minister of Industry Jim Prentice told a news conference in Ottawa on Thursday .
" This bill reflects a win - win approach . "
However , Liberal industry critic Scott Brison blasted the government for its lack of consultation with Canadian stakeholders and for not considering the implications of the bill if it passes .
" There 's no excuse for why the government has not consulted broadly the diverse stakeholders , " he said .
" The government has not thought this through .
It has not thought about how it will enforce these provisions . "
" There 's a fine line between protecting creators and a police state . "
Bill C - 61 spells out consumers ' rights in how they are allowed to copy media and clears up some grey areas .
Existing laws do not specifically allow consumers to copy books , newspapers , periodicals , photographs , videocassettes and music .
The new bill would expressly allow them to make one copy of each item per device owned , such as a computer or MP3 player .
The bill would also expressly allow consumers to record television and radio programs for later viewing .
The Conservatives ' bill , however , also contains an anti-circumvention clause that will make it illegal to break digital locks on copyrighted material , which critics say could trump all of the new allowances .
CD and DVD makers could put copy protections on their discs , or television networks could attach technological flags to programs that would prevent them from being recorded onto TiVos and other personal video recorders .
Cellphones would also be locked down , so when consumers buy a device from one carrier , they would be unable to use it with another .
Breaking any of these locks could result in lawsuits seeking up to $ 20,000 in damages .
University of Ottawa internet law professor Michael Geist , a vocal opponent of the legislation , said the anti-circumvention clause invalidates all the other new provisions .
" They 've got a few headline - grabbing reforms but the reality is those are also undermined by this anti-circumvention legislation .
They 've essentially provided digital rights to the U.S. and entertainment lobby and a few analog rights to Canadians , " Geist told CBCNews.ca .
" The truth of the matter is the reforms are laden with all sorts of limitations and in some cases rendered inoperable . "
Cory Doctorow , co-editor of the influential Boing Boing blog , said the anti-circumvention clause will lead to a revival of digital rights management , or the software that prevents media from being copied .
The entertainment industry has for the past few years been moving away from protecting its content with DRM because consumers have shied away from buying restricted media .
" You have to wonder what they 're smoking on Parliament Hill if they think there 's this compelling need for DRM , given that the marketplace seems to be rejecting it left , right and centre , " he told CBCNews.ca .
YouTube uploads could bring lawsuits
People caught downloading music or video files illegally could also be sued for a maximum of $ 500 , but uploading a file to a peer - to - peer network or YouTube could result in lawsuits of $ 20,000 per file .
Canadian internet service providers , meanwhile , would continue to be immune to lawsuits from copyright holders for infringements over their networks .
The bill recognizes ISPs as intermediaries and would only require them to pass on violation notices from copyright holders to their customers .
Prentice deflected questions about potential lawsuits by saying the bill is necessary to modernize Canada 's laws and bring it up to date with its obligations under the World Intellectual Property Organization ( WIPO ) treaty it signed more than a decade ago .
" You can get into hypothetical situations , " he said , " but the purpose of the bill has been to expand the balance of protection between consumers and copyright holders . "
" In fact , it touches each and every one of us , and it is no surprise to find so many different points of view with respect to copyright , " he said .
The bill will receive its second reading after Parliament 's summer break , which is expected to begin soon .
Brison told CBCNews.ca that the Liberals plan to put together amendments to the bill over the summer .
Bill praised by video game , music industry groups
Some copyright holders voiced their support for the bill .
The Entertainment Software Association of Canada , the video game industry 's lobby group , praised the legislation for trying to protect Canada 's industries and artists from theft .
" It ’s simple : Every time someone acquires an illegal copy of a video game , money , in turn , is not going to those Canadians who work so hard to develop and publish games .
That ’s money that cannot be reinvested in creativity , job growth and industry development , " Joan Ramsay , president of the group 's board of directors , said in a statement .
" Copyright reform is essential to strengthen our competitiveness as an industry . "
A coalition of eight music lobby groups , including the Alliance of Canadian Cinema , Television and Radio Artists ( ACTRA ) and the Canadian Recording Industry Association ( CRIA ) , jointly thanked the government for tabling a bill it said was long overdue .
The coalition said it represents 21,000 performers and 15,000 musicians , artist managers , music publishers , music retailers , manufacturers , record labels , and distributors and retailers of musical instruments .
" Vocal opponents of this bill will characterize it as mimicking what 's already been done in the U.S. , but that 's oversimplifying things , " Stephen Waddell , ACTRA 's national executive director , said in a statement .
" Around the world , 64 countries have already implemented the WIPO copyright treaties .
Canada is at least going in the direction of finally catching up . "
Prices of computers , iPods could jump
Intellectual property experts said the bill is mixed in the benefits it would provide and the problems it would create .
Mark Hayes , partner in the intellectual property group of Blake , Cassels & Graydon LLP in Toronto , said ISPs — which got the exemption from prosecution they wanted — and educational institutions , which would be able to copy materials from the internet that they previously could not , were among the winners .
Consumers would also benefit because what they can do with their media has now been spelled out .
" They get some recognition of the rights to time shift and format shift , " he said .
" Before , nobody knew what the rules were . "
Among the losers could be consumers shopping for electronics devices .
Although the bill allows consumers to make a certain number of copies of their media , copyright owners could seek extra charges for the additional copies that will doubtlessly be made .
" Owners of computers and iPods could end up paying quite a bit more for those products in the future , " Hayes said .
Downloading on the rise
According to the latest survey from Statistics Canada , one in five Canadians aged 16 and older who used the internet at home said they had downloaded or watched TV or movies over the internet , an increase from 12 per cent in 2005 .
The percentage of home internet users who downloaded music — either paid or for free — also increased from 37 per cent to 45 per cent in the two - year span .
Part of that increase can be attributed to a change in methodology , as Statistics Canada for the first time included 16 - and 17 - year - olds in the study , a demographic more likely to download media than older groups .
Critics feared the bill will mirror the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) , which similarly brought in restrictive measures and opened the door for copyright owners to enact huge lawsuits against violators .
The minister was forced to retreat on introducing the bill in December after being hit with major public opposition .
More than 20,000 people joined a protest group started on social networking site Facebook by University of Ottawa internet and e-commerce Prof.
Michael Geist , an outspoken critic of the bill .
The opposition to the legislation has only grown since then , with the Facebook group counting more than 40,000 members before the bill was introduced .
More than 1,000 new members joined the group on Thursday , with many expressing their outrage with the proposed legislation .
" I was a Conservative until this morning .
This one has crossed the line , " one member wrote .
" We need an election .
NOW ! "
Canadian artists , librarians and students , as well as a business coalition made up of some of Canada 's biggest companies — including Rogers Communications Inc. and Telus Corp. , as well as Google Inc. and Yahoo Inc. — have expressed their opposition to any legislation that imposes harsh copyright restrictions .
Opposition widespread
The chorus of opposition was joined last week by a coalition of consumer groups — including Option consommateurs , Consumers Council of Canada , Public Interest Advocacy Centre ( PIAC ) , the Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic ( CIPPIC ) , and Online Rights Canada ( OnlineRights.ca ) — that wrote a letter to the government .
The consumer groups expressed dismay they had not been consulted on the legislation .
Prentice responded to questioning in the House of Commons last week by saying he would not introduce the bill until he and Heritage Minister Josée Verner were satisfied that it struck the right balance between consumers and copyright holders .
Geist has repeatedly attacked the government on his blog for its lack of public consultation on the issue .
However , Prentice has met with U.S. trade representatives and entertainment industry lobbyists to discuss the legislation .
" Prentice should be honest about the core anti-circumvention rules that are likely to mirror the DMCA and run counter to the concerns of business , education and consumer groups , " Geist wrote on his blog .
" Those rules are quite clearly ' Born in the USA . ' "
A company called Tapulous is planning on delivering an iPhone app called Friend Book for the Friday launch that promises to turn your boring old address book into a " super address book " with features like a " face dialer " that allows you to place a call through your contact images .
But that functionality pales in comparison to their " Handshake " feature that allows two iPhone users running Friend Book to share their personal contact information by shaking their phones in close proximity to one another .
The app works , I 'd guess by sending the closely matching accelerometer data back to the Tapulous server , where they 're matched in the cloud and info is swapped .
There is no actual device - to - device connection — but that is still ridiculously cool .
Tapulous is also planning to release Tap Tap Revenge and Twinkle as free downloads at launch .
[ Tapulous via Boing Boing Gadgets via Lifehacker ]
Now , all German states will have to review their smoking bans and come up with new legislation by 2009 , either banning smoking outright or allowing it in one - room bars too .
Can I eat a live wasp ?
11:14 AM Subscribe August 21 , 2006
Can I eat a live wasp ?
If so , what would the safest method of eating it ?
OpenSUSE rolls out auto - build service Jul. 09 , 2008
The OpenSUSE Project has launched an automated build system aimed at helping developers build and package their applications .
The " OpenSUSE Build Service " can package source code for several popular distributions , and cross-compile it for a variety of architectures , according to the Project .
The OpenSUSE Project has apparently been working on its Build Service software for some time .
However , it announced today that an initial 1.0 release of the tools would be used to power a service that in turn would be used to create the next release of OpenSUSE , targeting x86 , x86_64 , and PPC architectures .
The Build Service tools are hosted by Novell .
They appear to comprise build scripts aimed at building and packaging software in " clean and safe " chrooted build environments .
In addition to RPMs for OpenSUSE , the tools can package software for : SUSE Linux and Linux Enterprise
Debian ( Etch )
Red Hat / Fedora / CentOS
Mandriva
Ubuntu The Build Service tools support a variety of user interfaces : A python - based commandline tool called osc , or " OpenSUSE Commander "
A browser - based front - end implemented as a Ruby - on - RAILS application backed up by a MySQL database
A " rich client " application Additional software includes : A logfile analyzer ( based on Qt )
Upload / download scripts Juergen Geck , CTO of Open - Xchange , stated , " The openSUSE Build Service enables independent software vendors to [ build and package ] applications for any distribution .
We can configure a package once , reproduce it and test automatically . "
More information about the Build Service tools can be found here .
The OpenSUSE project 's implementation can be found here .
-- Henry Kingman
Do you have comments on this story ?
Talkback here
NOTE : Please post your comments regarding our articles using the above link .
Be sure to use this article 's title as the " Subject " in your posts .
Before you create a new thread , please check to see if a discussion thread is already running on the article you plan to comment on .
Thanks !
Related Stories : OpenSUSE 11.0 arrives
OpenSUSE 's first governing board is set up
And the best desktop operating system is …
OpenSUSE forums merge
Is Firefox 3 ready for prime time ?
Novell to launch OpenSuSE at LinuxWorld
( Click here for further information )
My colleague David Stevenson popped over to my desk yesterday , brandishing a bit of paper .
" Look at that .
I 've never seen it move this far so fast , " he said .
It was a Bloomberg chart , with the end of the chart spiking sharply higher .
What was it ?
The share price of a company that had just seen a takeover over ?
The price of oil ?
No .
It was a chart of the two - year swap rate .
And what it showed was that markets are now scared that the next move in Britain 's base interest rate will be up , not down .
After yesterday 's inflation data , it 's not surprising Producer price inflation ( PPI ) exploded in May .
The Office for National Statistics reported that factory - gate inflation hit an annual rate of 8.9 % , the highest since records began 22 years ago .
Manufacturers ' raw material costs are up a record 27.9 % .
Markets , already jumpy amid soaring oil and aggressive noises on rate hikes from the European Central Bank , " embarked on a massive sell - off of UK government bonds " , reports Edmund Conway in The Telegraph this morning .
In fact , the two - year swap rate ( a key measure in determining mortgage costs ) jumped from 6 % to 6.3 % .
The move suggests that traders are now pricing in a British base rate of 5.75 % by the end of the year .
It was the biggest such move since Black Wednesday in 1992 .
What does it all mean ?
It means that the rise in borrowing costs is no longer just about fear of bank solvency , where lenders were reluctant to lend to each other because they thought they might not get paid back .
There is now a genuine fear of inflation permeating the markets .
Lenders are demanding a higher return on their money , not because they are afraid they wo n't get paid back , but because they are concerned that inflation will destroy their returns .
That 's bad news for anything that pays a fixed income , like bonds .
It also means that the pressure on the housing market and mortgage financing wo n't ease up any time soon , though the flipside is that you can expect to see even higher savings rates as banks and building societies try to attract money from depositors , rather than rely on the wholesale markets .
Now just because the markets expect the Bank of England to raise the base rate to 5.75 % does n't mean it will happen .
But that 's not relevant at the moment .
The point of the Bank setting the base rate is basically to give a guide as to how much money should cost throughout the economy .
But that function has essentially been taken out of the Bank 's hands by the market .
This would n't be such a bad thing , except that this is not the way it 's supposed to work .
The fact that the market is now flailing around , completely unsure of which way the Bank will turn , is not great for confidence , and leaves us prone to panicky moves like the Black Wednesday ' - style leap in swap rates .
If there 's one thing that an economy really needs in order to thrive , then it 's stability .
And that 's something we 're sorely lacking right now .
The one thing that is n't rising in price just now , of course , is property .
And deflation is likely to continue there for some time .
This morning we hear that the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors has said that sales are at their lowest levels since records began in 1978 .
Let 's just be clear on that housing sales are now lower than they were during the bust of the 1990s .
You know , the bust that all the pundits kept saying that we would n't see again this time round .
In the past three months , the numbers of sales per estate agent has fallen to 17.4 , down by about 30 % on the year , and compared to 26 per agent in the depths of the 1990s crash .
One agent , quoted in The Telegraph , said : " An avalanche of job losses in the housing industry is beginning to materialise which could make the current media stories look like the good old days . "
There was a slight improvement in house prices achieved .
Only 92.9 % more surveyors reported a fall in house prices than reported a rise , compared to 94.7 % in April .
Somehow , I do n't think anyone will be breaking out the champagne on that news .
For students who hope to study medicine , the college years are little more than a time to earn top grades by whatever means necessary .
Their mercenary tactics can be tremendously annoying , but that irritating behavior is not entirely their fault .
Pre-med students may be victims of a broken system .
Medical school admissions should be competitive , but the standards have become so stringent that scholars must nearly abandon their individuality to ceaselessly study .
Perhaps , instead of separating the brightest students from the rest , pre-med programs weed out all but the few who are willing to give everything up – hobbies , athletics , even their curiosity – for the sake of a high - paying job as a body mechanic .
These are sweeping generalizations that are intended to provoke a heated debate , so try not to get too offended .
5 . They haggle with their teachers for extra points .
As a teaching assistant , I would have been rich if my pre-med students gave me a dime every time they nagged me for partial credit on questions that they had gotten completely wrong .
4 . They use questionable tactics to get good grades .
Some of them may turn to study drugs like adderall , dexedrine , provigil , and ritalin .
Others will beg upperclassmen for copies of old exams , which give them an unfair advantage over their classmates .
3 . They horde leadership positions and then run organizations into the ground .
To pad their résumés , they run for the presidency of science clubs and volunteer organizations , and then fail to fulfill their responsibilities because they are too busy studying .
2 . They game the system to get good grades .
By strategically dropping any class that is not going well and carefully picking courses taught by the easiest professors they ensure themselves a good grade point average .
1 . They are not motivated by curiosity .
If they ask a question in class , it 's often to find out what will be on an upcoming exam .
Some of them volunteer to work in a lab on real research projects , but they do n't give it their all because they have no passion for scientific inquiry – it 's just another line on their résumés .
Photo : hipsxxhearts / flickr
How do you feel about pre-med students ?
If you are one , speak up !
Tata Motors is taking giant strides and making history for itself .
First the Landrover - Jaguar deal , then the world ’s cheapest car and now it is also set to introduce the car that runs on air , compressed air to be specific .
With fuel prices touching nearly $ 150 per barrel , it is about time we heard some breakthrough !
India ’s largest automaker Tata Motors is set to start producing the world ’s first commercial air - powered vehicle .
The Air Car , developed by ex-Formula One engineer Guy NÃ¨gre for Luxembourg - based MDI , uses compressed air , as opposed to the gas - and - oxygen explosions of internal - combustion models , to push its engine ’s pistons .
Some 6000 zero-emissions
Air Cars are scheduled to hit Indian streets in August of 2008 .
Â Â Â
The Air Car , called the MiniCAT could cost around Rs. 3,50,000 ( $ 8177 ) in India and would have a range of around 300 km between refuels .
The cost of a refill would be about Rs. 85 ( $ 2 ) .
Tata motors also plans to launch the world ’s cheapest car , Tata Nano priced famously at One lakh rupees by October .
The MiniCAT which is a simple , light urban car , with a tubular chassis that is glued not welded and a body of fiberglass powered by compressed air .
Microcontrollers are used in every device in the car , so one tiny radio transmitter sends instructions to the lights , indicators etc .
There are no keys – just an access card which can be read by the car from your pocket .
According to the designers , it costs less than 50 rupees per 100 Km ( about a tenth that of a petrol car ) .
Its mileage is about double that of the most advanced electric car ( 200 to 300 km or 10 hours of driving ) , a factor which makes a perfect choice in cities where the 80 % of motorists drive at less than 60 Km .
The car has a top speed of 105 kmph .
Refilling the car will , once the market develops , take place at adapted petrol stations to administer compressed air .
In two or three minutes , and at a cost of approximately 100 rupees , the car will be ready to go another 200-300 kilometers .
As a viable alternative , the car carries a small compressor which can be connected to the mains ( 220 V or 380V ) and refill the tank in 3 - 4 hours .
Due to the absence of combustion and , consequently , of residues , changing the oil ( 1 litre of vegetable oil ) is necessary only every 50,000 Km . ]
The temperature of the clean air expelled by the exhaust pipe is between 0 - 15 degrees below zero , which makes it suitable for use by the internal air conditioning system with no need for gases or loss of power .
[ Source 1 , 2 , 3 ]
Ricky Gervais becomes NSS honorary associate
Multi-award winning comedian Ricky Gervais has become an honorary associate of the National Secular Society .
Ricky joins our increasingly impressive panel of celebrity supporters , a full list of which you can see here : NSS Honorary Associates .
Ricky Gervais is an internationally - known comic , perhaps most famous for his excruciatingly funny sit coms The Office and Extras .
Here ’s a link to Ricky ’s official website and you can see him performing a highly entertaining routine on here youtube .
27 June 2008
Magda Pniewska was talking on the telephone when she was shot A teenager has been found guilty of killing a care assistant who was caught in crossfire during a shoot - out .
Magda Pniewska , 26 , was shot in the head in New Cross , south London , in October last year .
She was talking on her mobile to her family in Poland when she was shot .
Her sister told the Old Bailey she heard Ms Pniewska 's last breath down the phone .
Armel Gnango , 17 , was found guilty of murder , attempted murder and possessing a gun to endanger life .
The court was told it was not Gnango 's weapon which fired the fatal bullet but he was still responsible for the killing because he was involved in the gunfight .
The second teenager was also arrested but not charged , the court heard .
The ray of sunshine that was Magda has gone
Barbara Pniewska
A mother 's grief ' Wild West ' killing in crossfire
He was named by Gnango , but denied being involved and was not charged because of lack of evidence .
Prosecutor Brian Altman QC said : " In scenes reminiscent of the Wild West , Magda was to become the innocent victim of a gunfight by two total strangers .
" She was caught in the crossfire between two youths armed with handguns .
Each had a score to settle .
" The gunfight tragically ended the life of a young woman who had fearlessly given her life to caring for others . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The victim's mother , Barbara Pniewska , said in a victim impact statement read in court : " The death of our Magda has cast a shadow on our reason for living .
" My child 's life has been untimely cut short .
The ray of sunshine that was Magda has gone from our family . "
Giving evidence , Ms Pniewska 's sister Elzbieta Luby said she heard three or four shots before hearing her sister die .
" There was a short break between the third and fourth shot , like a moment 's hesitation , " she told the court .
" I asked Magda ' What 's happening , what is going on , who 's shooting ? '
She said ' Wait a minute , Ella . '
The fourth shot came .
" I heard the last breath of Magda . " Gnango , of Streatham Hill , south - west London , told the court : " I put my hands over my head as I was crouching and let off a shot .
Armel Gnango claimed he had never fired a gun before " It was not more than two shots .
I was aiming at the sky .
" I had never shot a gun before .
I was panicking .
I was trying to scare him off . "
The conviction for murder of someone who was known not to have fired the fatal shot was described by the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) as " unprecendented " .
Outside court , CPS lawyer Jane Scholefield said : " Even though the defendant did not fire the fatal round , and even though Magda Pniewska was not the intended target of either gunman , the defendant bears a joint criminal liability for her death .
" Each fired their guns with intent to kill at a time when there were bystanders present between them . "
Det Ch Insp Tony Boughton said officers are continuing to gather evidence against the other youth involved in the shoot - out " The investigation into Magda 's murder is not over , " he said .
Gnango , who pleaded guilty to having a prohibited weapon , was remanded in custody until 23 June when he will be sentenced .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Congressional hearing to examine ' Bush Imperial Presidency ' Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday July 17 , 2008
Print This Email This Update : Kucinich to testify
In a release Thursday , House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers ( D - MI ) announced he will hold a hearing July 25 examining " the imperial presidency of George W. Bush and possible legal responses . "
The word " impeachment " was not mentioned in the announcement , but it appears the hearing is going to examine issues raised by Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) in his resolution to impeach Bush .
A Judiciary Committee spokesman tells RAW STORY Kucinich will testify at the hearing .
 Over the last seven plus years , there have been numerous credible allegations of serious misconduct by officials in the Bush Administration ,  Conyers said in a news release .
 At the same time , the administration has adopted what many would describe as a radical view of its own powers and authorities .
As Chairman of the Judiciary Committee , I believe it is imperative that we pursue a comprehensive review commensurate to this constitutionally dangerous combination of circumstances .
Next Fridays hearings will be an important part of that ongoing effort .
Conyers did not say who would testify at the hearing , but he laid out a variety of abuses that would be examined , including :
( 1 ) improper politicization of the Justice Department and the U.S. Attorneys offices , including potential misuse of authority with regard to election and voting controversies ;
( 2 ) misuse of executive branch authority and the adoption and implementation of the so - called unitary executive theory , including in the areas of presidential signing statements and regulatory authority ;
( 3 ) misuse of investigatory and detention authority with regard to U.S. citizens and foreign nationals , including questions regarding the legality of the administrations surveillance , detention , interrogation , and rendition programs ;
( 4 ) manipulation of intelligence and misuse of war powers , including possible misrepresentations to Congress related thereto ;
( 5 ) improper retaliation against administration critics , including disclosing information concerning CIA operative Valerie Plame , and obstruction of justice related thereto ; and
( 6 ) misuse of authority in denying Congress and the American people the ability to oversee and scrutinize conduct within the administration , including through the use of various asserted privileges and immunities .
After the committee ignored Kucinich 's first impeachment attempt last month , the former Democratic presidential candidate re-introduced a single article on Tuesday .
In response , Conyers promised a hearing that would accumulate " all the things that constitute an imperial presidency . "
However , Conyers indicated his unwillingness to actually vote on impeachment , regardless of Kucinich 's presentation .
While no one has really asked lately , the White House has previously brushed off questions about impeachment in the past .
" I 'm not going to comment on something as ridiculous as that , " Bush spokeswoman Dana Perino said last year when asked about impeachment .
Kucinich has been relentless in his push to impeach Bush .
On Tuesday , the House formally sent his latest impeachment resolution to the Judiciary Committee .
Its title : " Deceiving Congress with Fabricated Threats of Iraq WMDs to Fraudulently Obtain Support for an Authorization of the Use of Military Force Against Iraq . "
He also suggested in an interview with Congressional Quarterly that the Judiciary hearing could serve as a forum for some new revelations .
 Ive been contacted by representatives of a U.S. ally who are seeking an opportunity to appear before the Judiciary Committee ,  he told CQ's Molly K. Hooper .
 Legislative leaders of a foreign capital have a new angle that I havent thought of before but is relevant ,  he said .
 This interest in whether weve been told the truth has extended to other countries . 
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO MASHUP : John McCain And The Economy "
( 6 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 7/14/2008 @ 7:09 am PT ...
Wilburrr ... ~
With friends like John Mccain III who needs enemies !
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/14/2008 @ 8:07 am PT ...
It 's all okay for the elitists .
Wait till they start getting taxed appropriately again FDR style , you will hear some whining then .
First , Great Depression II , here we come
Hatred in Jerusalem :
Two Palestinians narrowly escaped a lynching attempt in Jerusalem Tuesday evening after they were assaulted by dozens of ultra-Orthodox Jews .
The two Arabs were wounded , while a Jewish resident who protected them with his body was stabbed .
" Blood was boiling , and these crazy people almost killed me , " the Jewish man told Ynet .
The police are looking into the incident and searching for the attackers .
According to eyewitness testimonies , an angry mob stormed the backyard of a home located near a Jerusalem yeshiva .
The family at the home was sitting shiva at the time after a relative died .
Jewish man ' nearly murdered ' ( Photo : Dudi Vaaknin )
" Suddenly , while we were sitting shiva because my father - in - law passed away , two Palestinians stormed into the house bleeding and bruised , following by an angry mob , " the Jewish man , who asked that his name not be published , told Ynet .
" Dozens of ultra-Orthodox from the nearby yeshiva entered the backyard and severely beat up the two Palestinians , while we , still shocked , were trying to break it up and protect the Palestinians . "
' Murder the Jews who protect Arabs '
The man and his relatives stopped the mob with their bodies and pushed them out of their backyard , while keeping the two Arabs at home until the anger subsided .
" Two ultra -Orthodox guys from the yeshiva 's balcony yelled : ' Murder the Jews who protect Arabs , ' " the man said .
" The two Arabs told us that they had a dispute with the Orthodox owner of a nearby store .
After they argued , the masses arrived and started beating them up .
We waited a few minutes for things to relax , and then my son and I took them out to a nearby alley , so they can go home . "
However , a mob then again came out of the yeshiva and started chasing the two Palestinians .
" They caught them and beat them up terribly , " the Jewish man said .
" My son and I were quick to protect them with our bodies … then , two Orthodox men arrived and one told us : ' You 're saving Arabs ? ' they pulled out knives .
I managed to grab the arm of one of them , yet the second one cut my stomach . "
The man said that at this point the mob began dispersing in panic .
Large police forces were meanwhile called to the scene .
" It was a mad scuffle …crazy people who are calling themselves ' religious ' almost killed the two Palestinians and me .
I was unwilling to see anyone being killed – I was educated against violence and to protect any person .
Fortunately I 'm a strong man , but had I been stabbed one centimeter higher or lower , this would have ended in murder . "
' Instead of helping us , he helped them '
A student in a nearby yeshiva told Ynet : " We saw the incident and some of the people chanted against the Jewish guy , who instead of helping the Jews being beaten up helped the Arabs , and even beat up Jews … instead of helping us , he helped them . "
" As far as we know , one of the Arabs had a dispute with the store owner and started beating up people , " the yeshiva student said .
" When people who arrived at the site stared fighting him , more Arabs joined in and assaulted Jews . "
Rabbi Yitzhak Batzri , who leads the nearby yeshiva , said the Jewish attackers did not come from his institute , " because there are no young guys here , only older people .
It is possible that some of the attackers entered our yeshiva compound during the riot , because it is open to anyone . "
The rabbi also proceeded to harshly condemn the Jewish attackers .
" This is a very grave incident .
No man must hurt innocents , either Arabs or Jews , " he said .
" This is against Jewish law .
I really hope that they find those who took part in the brawl and bring the attackers to justice . "
Efrat Weiss contributed to the story
grantgoodmorrow Mar 5 , 2007 Superchef
I think what the dude was trying to do was make a rudimentary souffle .
' Cept that souffle 's are usually just egg whites , flavor and a bit of flour , so ... it's kind of more like muffin batter minus any extra leavening .
In theory , it should work .
My moderately humble suggestion would be to mix the egg , oil and milk together in one vessel ( and really whip the crap out of it to get lots of air mixed in ) , mix the flour ( any type , ' cuz after all you * are * making microwaved cake ) , sugar and cocoa in another vessel then fold them together in the mug .
If you stir it too much , you 'll lose the air and it wo n't rise as much .
After that , zap the lot and see what happens .
I have n't done a whole lot of pastry / baking in my cooking career just yet , but I 'm intrigued .
Besides , if Elizabeth Faulkner can make a sous vide chocolate cake , ANYthing is possible .
The three most terrifying things in the world are werewolves , clowns and unplanned pregnancy .
Humanity has known this since time began and as such has endeavored to make sure the last one of these would happen as infrequently as possible .
When you combined extreme motivation , human ingenuity and the fact that most people are stupid , you wound up with contraception methods that will blow your mind .
Or at least leave you feeling a little weird down there .
Advertisement
10 Weasel Testicles Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In the Dark Ages in Europe , things were dark for a reason , not the least of which was that , with the lights on , a typical man might wonder why his girlfriend had weasel balls strapped to her leg .
The reason is obvious to anyone with a degree in Magickery or Weasel Ballogy , as any magician at the time would tell you that the weasel balls would prevent pregnancy .
Through the power of magick , you see .
Yes , being a magician during the Dark Ages pretty much gave you a blank check .
We may not be magicians and our amateur dabbling in gynecology has been less than revealing , but we 're pretty sure this method is aces since we do n't know many men who would be able to perform sexually after seeing a pair of innocent , severed balls hanging from his mate as decoration .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
9 Diaphragms ... Made of Crocodile Poo Ancient Egyptians were a crafty lot , what with those pyramids and that cool dance and mummies and all .
It 's no surprise then that they were some of the first people to cook up a method of birth control that actually worked .
They had figured out that you could stop the pregnancy if you had some kind of , uh , blockage there .
Still , these were ancient times and there was an unspoken agreement that everything they did had to be horrible in some way .
Thus , they made their sperm barriers out of honey and crocodile shit .
Seriously , look it up .
We would n't lie to you .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Who exactly was the first to try this , and what their logic was , is lost to history .
We know one thing though :
When they finally invent a time machine , the first thing we 're doing is going back to find out .
Over at Coding Horror , Jeff Atwood codes up String .
Left ( ) in C# .
For example , in C# , there is no String .
Left ( ) function .
Fair enough ; we can roll up our sleeves and write our own function lickety - split : public static string Left ( string s , int len ) { if ( len == 0 || s. Length == 0 ) return " " ; else if ( s. Length <= len ) return s ; else return s.Substring ( 0 , len ) ; }
He ’s using this function to introduce C# extension - methods , but I ’m more interested in making some sweeping generalisations about Java code .
In the article ’s comments section PRMan points out this function “ blows up ” if the input string is null , and offers a simple fix :
public static string Left ( string s , int len ) { if ( s == null ) return s ; else if ( len == 0 || s. Length == 0 ) return " " ; else if ( s. Length <= len ) return s ; else return s.Substring ( 0 , len ) ; }
Now , I ’ve never written any C# .
In fact I do n’t even have a C# compiler to hand .
But this code looks like everything which ever bugged me about Java .
What ’s the point of writing a string function which accepts a null input ?
All we ’ve done is force clients of String .
Left ( ) to handle null inputs too .
Just ( implicitly ) raise a null pointer exception ( which is not the same as blowing up ) and be done with it .
It ’s unfair to suggest this bogus defensive coding has anything to do with Java — you can do the same thing in any language — but in my personal experience lots of Java code gets written this way , to the extent that I used to regard these nervy null checks as being idiomatic .
So I was relieved when a Michael Feathers article put me straight :
Spurious null checks are a symptom of bad code .
Feathers ’ examples are coded in Java , so maybe I was n’t being unfair after all .
If you ’re really concerned about String .
Left ( ) handling whatever clients might throw at it , then it ’s more important to deal with negative values of len .
So we ’re back to Atwood ’s original version which reads the way a programmer might think about this problem :
The leftmost n characters is just s.Substring ( 0 , len ) , but , careful ! , what if len is too big , and what about if s is empty , or if len is zero ?
Hence we end up with a three way conditional with three separate and rather different looking return values , in which the most interesting case appears last .
I think this code could be more readable .
First ( unless I ’m missing something about C# ) we can get rid of the special case of ( len == 0 || s. Length == 0 ) since the subsequent clauses do the right thing .
( By the way , I ’m switching to Java now since I have no C# compiler to hand . )
public static String left ( String s , int len ) { if ( s.length ( ) <= len ) { return s ; } else { return s.substring ( 0 , len ) ; } }
I personally would transform this to :
public static String left ( String s , int len ) { return s.substring(0 , Math.min( len , s.length ( ) ) ) ; }
It ’s not that I ’m particularly against multiple returns , and I do n’t claim this tweak is a big improvement : I just prefer a more declarative style , which clearly says we ’re returning a substring of s , starting at index 0 , of length len or s.length ( ) if smaller .
In fact , I do n’t think many Java programmers would agree I ’ve improved things .
Java seems to favour explicit control flow over even this trivial functional composition .
Which is why I do n’t miss programming in Java , and why I ’m in no hurry to try C# .
I also wonder if Jeff Atwood ’s original version of String .
Left ( ) is , in theory , more efficient .
Will a return value of " " be pooled ?
Does it make sense to return the original string whenever possible , to avoid creating unnecessary objects ?
I do n’t know enough about C# or Java say if there ’s any truth in these suggestions .
I do know that such savings are extremely unlikely to make any real difference for real strings in real programs , and that sacrificing readability for theoretical efficiency is a mistake .
Abstract :
This course is an introduction to computing and programming .
Its major goal is to introduce students to the principles of systematic problem solving through programming and the basic rules of computation .
The course does not assume any prior programming experience .
It is therefore suitable for freshmen students --- majors and non-majors alike --- who wish to explore the intellectual ideas of the discipline .
Prerequisites :
The course assumes a basic familiarity with arithmetic and algebra .
It does demands curiosity , self - discipline , and some amount of people skills , because all computer scientists end up working with others interactively all the time , including in this course .
So , what will Tipper wear to the inauguration ball ?
Is Richard Holbrooke going to become secretary of state at last ?
What are Al Gore 's chances of winning a second term in 2004 ?
Who on earth will the Republicans find to challenge him after George W Bush 's defeat ?
If you think that questions of this kind are a bit premature , then seven American academics can show you that they are not .
Al Gore will win the US presidential election on November 7 , they say , by a narrow but clear majority .
Nothing that happens between now and election day is likely to affect the outcome at all .
The seven academics all presented papers yesterday at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association in Washington .
All of them based their findings on separate mathematical models which they have devised for predicting the results of past US elections .
Several of their formulas have repeatedly proved to be extremely accurate .
In July 1996 , Michael Lewis - Beck of the University of Iowa used his model to predict that Bill Clinton would win a second term , capturing 54.8 % of the two - party vote .
Four months later , Clinton defeated Bob Dole , taking 54.7 % .
Pretty good , eh ?
This year , Lewis - Beck says that Gore will win even more handsomely .
Gore will get 56.2 % of the vote on November 7 , he says .
" It 's not even going to be close , " Lewis - Beck told the Washington Post as long ago as May .
Not all of the academics agree on the precise numbers .
But they all agree about who is going to win .
Gore , with 53.2 % , says Alan Abramowitz of Emory University .
Gore , with 55 % , says Christopher Wlezien of the University of Houston .
Gore with 52.8 % , according to James Campbell of the University of Buffalo .
The numbers range from 52.3 % to 60.3 % , but the name in the winner 's column is always the same : Al Gore .
The forecasters ' models differ in various ways .
But they are all seek to integrate the public opinion polls with reported data on the strength and weakness of the economy and with poll findings on the public 's sense of its own wellbeing .
And they all agree that the two crucial guides to the outcome of the election are the incumbent president 's job satisfaction ratings and the public 's sense of economic confidence compared with past years .
That is why the news is so good for Gore .
Bill Clinton 's job approval ratings in mid-August were 60 % positive against 38 % negative - almost exactly where they have been for the past four years .
And polls which track Americans ' economic confidence are registering record numbers , with 74 % rating US economic conditions as excellent or good , 21 % rating them fair and just 4 % saying they are poor .
Nothing is set in stone , of course , and the academic forecasters are all at pains to say that things could change over the next two months , especially if something unforeseen on Wall Street throws a spanner in the works .
The margins of victory which are being predicted for Gore now are slightly narrower than the margins which the same models were suggesting in the spring ( when the opinion polls were dramatically in Bush 's favour ) .
Even so , the obvious intellectual attraction of the political scientists ' findings is that they tally with what so much American common sense suggests - that in such good economic times , Gore ought to beat Bush .
Larry Bartels of Princeton University says the prediction models are " a valuable antidote to the press 's overwhelming focus on candidates ' personalities , campaign tactics and other campaign - specific factors which are much more interesting to write about but much less important to the outcome of the election . "
Thomas Holbrook of the University of Wisconsin says that the campaign 's real importance is not in swaying voters one way or the other , but in mobilising voters to vote the way they normally do anyway .
All the initial signs since this year 's party conventions are that this is precisely what is happening - and that Gore is moving into a small but significant lead over Bush .
If the academics are right in November , then their findings leave a sobering thought .
No word that is uttered , no dollar that is spent , and no promise that is made over the next two months is likely to make any significant difference to anything .
Which leaves us with only one important question .
What will Tipper wear to the ball ?
France 's Nuclear Worries Chain of Accidents Prompts Soul Searching
France 's confidence in atomic energy has been shaken by a recent series of mishaps at nuclear facilities .
Although none of the incidents appears to be on a major scale , politicians and the population are starting to question industry practices .
Jake sez , " Speculative fiction writer Shira Lipkin is doing a blogathon this Saturday , July 26 – posting to her
LiveJournal every half hour for 24 hours to raise money for the Boston
Area Rape Crisis Center .
This is her sixth year blogathonning , and she
writes spontaneous short fiction every year .
It usually tends to have
an urban fantasy bent ( as in fantasy in a city , not paranormal
romance ) , but this year , She 's taking a distinctly SF angle on it .
For
24 hours ,
She 'll be in character as a xenoarchaeologist , trying to make
sense of precollapse Earth … with the help of over 50 artists who
donated " artifacts " to this project , including a few SF / F authors
themselves .
All artifacts are being auctioned , with a story card . "
Link , Link to auction items
( Thanks , Jake ! )
Sometimes an idea is so simple , yet so profound .
The following post from a local political forum is one of those ideas .
Courtesy of Baja at Precinct1080
" I have always wondered , if there was a coordinated campaign by all the progressive websites and organizations asking impeachment supporters to simply place a homemade IMPEACH BUSH paper in their back window of their car for a week , what kind of effect would it have ?
If over half of Americans support impeachment and participated in this demonstration , just how powerful would it be seeing nearly every other car on the road with IMPEACH BUSH fliers in their windows ?
I would be a strong visual representation , perhaps similar to the orange revolution .
I feel it would force the CORPORATE MEDIA and the Old Gaurd Dems to pay attention and start with the investigations .
I sent an e-mail comment to MoveOn and America Blog asking them to promote this demonstration to coincide with DK 's re-announcment of articles of impeachment next month - crook and liars and think progress to follow . "
FALLUJAH – U.S. and Iraqi forces are preparing another siege of Fallujah under the pretext of combating " terror , " residents and officials say .
Located 40 mi. west of Baghdad , the city that suffered two devastating U.S. attacks in 2004 has watched security degrade over recent months .
" Ruling powers in the city fighting to gain full control seem willing to use the security collapse to accuse each other of either conspiracy [ in lawlessness ] or incapability of control , " Sufian Ahmed , a lawyer and human rights activist in Fallujah , told IPS .
" They suddenly changed their tone from saying that the city was the safest in Iraq to claiming that al - Qaeda is a serious threat .
Fallujah residents know their so - called leaders are using security threats to terrify them for their own political interests . "
In the face of U.S. military claims of improved security , violence has been rising by the day this month .
The city has now been placed under tight curfew while U.S. and Iraqi military forces prepare for a new offensive , according to the local Azzaman daily .
Iraqi security forces have established new checkpoints around the city and are forbidding movement of people and traffic .
Pickup trucks are roaming the city warning residents that al - Qaeda has once again infiltrated Fallujah .
Iraqi police officers insist that the situation is under control despite the " occasional incidents that take place all over Iraq . "
The indications on the ground belie these claims .
" The Americans and their allies transferred our leader , Col. Fayssal al - Zoba ’i , from his post because they have bad plans for the city , " a major in the Fallujah police force told IPS .
" He has all the right to keep his post , because he was the one who led us to defeat the insurgency while the Americans failed .
They [ the U.S. military ] seem to have a plan to destroy the city again . "
Iraqi police and troops from other areas are being deployed in the city in what police officials say is a buildup for a huge offensive .
U.S. occupation forces are at the ready in nearby bases .
The government in Baghdad has made it clear that direct U.S. military involvement is critical for an " imminent offensive " in Fallujah , sources in the Iraqi military have been quoted as saying in Iraqi media .
The two U.S. sieges of the city during 2004 led to the destruction of approximately 75 percent of the city , thousands of civilian deaths , and the displacement of hundreds of thousands of people , according to the Fallujah - based Iraqi NGO Monitoring Net for Human Rights .
Some officers in the Fallujah police believe Iraqi politicians are using the threat of " terror " for election purposes , ahead of provincial elections scheduled for October .
" The resignation of Col. Fayssal is not yet definite , " another police officer , speaking on the condition of anonymity , told IPS .
" But I agree that the Americans and the Islamic Party are planning something bad for the city before the provincial elections . "
The officer added , " We learned that such plans could not be conducted in a quiet atmosphere , so politicians are adding gas to the fire just to make sure they win the elections .
We , policemen and citizens , will be the victims , as usual . "
Residents fear parties will use the violence to accuse one another , and perhaps sabotage the election itself .
A police spokesman told IPS that " the media is exaggerating things once more " in speaking of another military operation in the city .
The spokesman declined to give his name .
Everyone IPS spoke with in the city expressed fear of an impending attack .
Meanwhile , there are no signs of improvement of any other kind in Fallujah .
Walls now divide the city into sectarian sections , with poverty , unemployment , and suffering on all sides .
Researchers have a " duty " to protect the future of the world wide web , according to its inventor .
Speaking at the launch of a new research programme yesterday , Sir Tim Berners - Lee — the British computer scientist who came up with the idea of the web 19 years ago — said it was vital that scientists and engineers worked harder to understand how the web works , in order to keep it evolving .
" We designed the web , and we can change it : we have a duty to , " he said in an interview with the Guardian .
" Here is this system a lot of our society depends on — democracy depends on it , commerce depends on it .
We should probably watch it to make sure it 's stable . "
With the rapid growth of the web over the past decade , there have been concerns that it could fragment under pressure from corporations and repressive governments .
But Sir
Tim said it was important to remember the principles of openness on which the web was built , in order to ensure that any attempt to shape the web 's future would remain " pro-human " .
" Systems can grow very big and very complex , like ancient civilisations can grow big and complex and then something goes wrong .
Understanding what went wrong when a civilisation crumbles is complicated , " he said .
" Here we 've got humanity connected by a structure which , to a certain extent , we can control .
I think we have a duty to make sure it will develop in a way that is stable and pro-human . "
His comments came at an event to promote the new academic discipline of web science — a study of the web and the way it works .
The Web Science Research Initiative , which is being championed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the University of Southampton , aims to encourage new technologies and systems on top of the web .
Although many of the future directions the web could go in remain unknown , one idea already approaching fruition is the semantic web — a system to make the web more intelligent — which Sir Tim has been working on for several years .
Nigel Shadbolt , a professor at Southampton , said he hoped there would be courses in web science available to undergraduates in Britain as soon as 2010 .
As well as academic institutions supporting the WSRI , it is also backed by a number of organisations — including the National Endowment for Science , Technology and the Arts ( Nesta ) and BT .
" We know that innovation happens when different disciplines interact , " said Jonathan Kestenbaum , the chief executive of Nesta .
" This partnership will ensure that the UK is well positioned to capitalise on the new networked information economy enabled by the web . "
[ hat tip to Johnny Void ]
Photographic Surveillance in public can be , and is , used deliberately as a legal harassment technique , both by Police Forward Information Teams ( who may sometimes be civilian photographers / videographers ) and sometimes by their opponents e.g. Fit Watch .
According to the British Journal of Photography ( NJP ) , back in May , the General Secretary of the the National Union of Journalists * NUJ ) , Jeremy Dear , wrote a letter to the Home Secretary , complaining about such harassment , even of Press Card accredited journalists and press photographers .
He also staged a " one man protest " outside of New Scotland Yard , the Metropolitan Police HQ in London .
It seems that the Home Secretary Jacqui Smith has replied , with even more evidence that Britain is a " surveillance society " , where basic freedoms are being curtailed , not just through the law , but by administrative policies .
The BJP now reports that :
The British Journal of Photography
1 July 2008 Home Secretary green lights restrictions on photography Local restrictions on photography in public places are legitimate the Home Secretary has stated in a letter to the National Union of Journalists .
While Jacqui Smith reaffirmed that there are no legal restrictions , she added that local Chief Constables were allowed to restrict or monitor photography in certain circumstances .
The letter dated 26 June , which BJP has seen a copy of , is in response to correspondence sent by the Union secretary general , Jeremy Dear , who expressed concern at police surveillance of journalists , in particular photographers .
' First of all , may I take this opportunity to state that the Government greatly values the importance of the freedom of the press , and as such there is no legal restriction on photography in public places , ' Smith writes .
' Also , as you will be aware , there is no presumption of privacy for individuals in a public place . '
However , the Home Secretary adds that local restrictions might be enforced .
' Decisions may be made locally to restrict or monitor photography in reasonable circumstances .
That is an operational decision for the officers involved based on the individual circumstances of each situation .
Under what law is such an " operational decision " to be made ?
Are these decisions to be made in secret , so that the public does not know when and where and for how long such restrictions are in place ?
The evidence of the illegal secrecy surrounding the supposedly temporary , time and location limited Terrorism Act 2000 section 44 stop and search without reasonable cause powers , leads us to believe the worst of the Home Secretary .
See our Freedom of Information
Act request sagas :
HO Terrorism Act 2000 s44 Authorisations and HO Prohibited Places - Official Secrets Act 1911 blog category archives .
' It is for the local Chief Constable , in the case of your letter the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Force , to decide how his or her Officers and employees should best balance the rights to freedom of the press , freedom of expression and the need for public protection . '
The Home Office does not produce any guidance on photography in public places , and has not produced any specific guidance to [ Forward Intelligence Team ] officers , the Home Secretary says .
' I recommend , therefore , that the questions in your letter are best put to the Commissioner . ' [...]
It is not illegal to take photographs of the Home Office at Marsham Street , London , SW1P 4DF - Latitude : N51:29:45 ( 51.495793 ) , Longitude : W0:07:47 ( - 0.129713 )
This shows how reflexively authoritarian and bureaucratically secretive the NuLabour government is , even when there is no practical reason for them to be so .
Over a third of Members of Parliament have signed Austin Mitchell 's Early Day Motion 1155 : on Photography in Public Areas :
View Transcript
Transcript
Jury selection Dogbert says , " You with the big eyebrows , are you as dumb as you look ? "
A man says , " I 'm not sure .
I do n't remember what I look like . "
Dogbert says , " Okay , you 're in .
And on an unrelated noted , I 'm the only person who ever loved you . "
Here 's an excellent example of pwnage : when the white supremacist group VNN Vanguard Nazi / KKK tried to host a hate rally in Knoxville , Tennessee , they were foiled by ... clowns !
Unfortunately for [ VNN ] the 100th ARA ( Anti Racist Action ) clown block came and handed them their asses by making them appear like the asses they were .
Alex Linder the founder of VNN and the lead organizer of the rally kicked off events by rushing the clowns in a fit of rage , and was promptly arrested by 4 Knoxville police officers who dropped him to the ground when he resisted and dragged him off past the red shiny shoes of the clowns .
http://www.volunteertv.com/home/headlines/7704982.html
“ White Power ! ” the Nazi ’s shouted , “ White Flour ? ” the clowns yelled back running in circles throwing flour in the air and raising separate letters which spelt “ White Flour ” .
“ White Power ! ” the Nazi ’s angrily shouted once more , “ White flowers ? ” the clowns cheers and threw white flowers in the air and danced about merrily .
“ White Power ! ” the Nazi ’s tried once again in a doomed and somewhat funny attempt to clarify their message , “ ohhhhhh ! ” the clowns yelled “ Tight Shower ! ” and held a solar shower in the air and all tried to crowd under to get clean as per the Klan ’s directions .
At this point several of the Nazi’s and Klan members began clutching their hearts as if they were about to have a heart attack .
Their beady eyes bulged , and the veins in their tiny narrow foreheads beat in rage .
One last time they screamed “ White Power ! ”
The clown women thought they finally understood what the Klan was trying to say .
“ Ohhhhh … ” the women clowns said .
“ Now we understand … ” , “ WIFE POWER ! ” they lifted the letters up in the air , grabbed the nearest male clowns and lifted them in their arms and ran about merrily chanting “ WIFE POWER !
WIFE POWER !
WIFE POWER ! ”
Psychologist Simone Dalla Bella from Warsaw's University of Finance and Management and his team asked 40 volunteers to belt out , a cappella , familiar songs such as Jingle Bells and Sto Lat , the Polish version of Happy Birthday .
After a number of acoustic tests , the researchers discovered that most of the singers who could n't follow a song 's pitch and timing fell into the first of two phenotypes : they were tone deaf yet blissfully unaware of it .
The remainder of the poor singers had no trouble judging a proper note , yet were unable to hit it themselves , and knew it .
I know from personal experience that when it comes to getting your personal finances in order , taking those first steps is one of the most difficult parts .
There is so much information and it seems like it will take forever before you can ever reach your financial goals .
It makes a person want to give up even before they start , but it does n’t have to be that complicated .
The main thing is to start , do a little bit each day and in doing so the savings will begin to pile up .
Do n’t have much time ?
It ’s not a problem .
Here are 25 ways I have improved my financial situation that each should take 10 minutes or less to complete … you can do the same :
Embrace the cold
One way to improve your financial situation is to wash with cold water .
This is one of my favorite saving tips because it takes a matter of a single second to perform and saves me about $ 100 a year .
Go to your washing machine and switch the wash cycle button to a “ cold – cold ” wash .
Give it a try .
Your clothes will get as clean as they ever did ( there is this huge myth that clothes only get clean in hot or warm water washes ) and since the main cost of the wash is heating the water , your costs go down .
There are a lot of other little tweaks you can do to your clothes washing habits which will save you money if you want to go all out .
Throw in the towel
Not literally , but into the dryer before you begin drying a load .
For those that ca n’t hand dry clothes or on those days when it ’s not possible , this is an easy way to reduce the drying time of a load by about 10 % .
Best of all it takes only a few seconds to do .
I actually keep a big , fluffy towel on the shelf right above the dryer to use so it ’s not even a hassle finding one when I need it and I would recommend you do the same .
When you place a load of wet clothes into the dryer , throw in the dry towel as well .
The dry towel helps absorb the moisture in the wet clothes as it tumbles around reducing the time needed to dry the clothes and saving you a bit of money .
There are a lot of other dryer money saving tricks like this for those looking for more .
Pay the price
When we were younger and did n’t have the money to buy everything in cash instead of credit , my wife and I started several pay - to - use programs .
Basically , instead of just using the things that you own like your washing machine , dryer and car , you pay yourself a small amount of money each time you use them .
Not only does this ensure that you will have enough money when they need to be repaired and when you replace them , it has a wonderful side effect of making you use them less and more responsibility — saving you even more money .
We have never had to use credit for appliances or cars since .
Tap some savings
One way to improve your financial situation is to tap some savings .
I used to have a terrible soda habit that was costing me over $ 1000 a year .
I wo n’t say that it is easy to break a habit like this when you have one , but I ’m proof that it is possible .
The main point for my success was to do it gradually instead of trying to do it cold turkey ( which I had tried on numerous occasions before and failed ) .
I decided that I could have as much soda as I wanted , but made a rule that before I could have a soda , I had to drink a full glass of water .
Simple .
I could have as many sodas as I wanted as long as I drank a full glass of water before having the soda .
The result ?
I did n’t feel deprived of my soda because I could drink one anytime I wanted , but by making myself drink a glass of water first , the water reduced my cravings for so much soda .
After a time I made the rule I had to have 2 glasses of water before I could have a soda and gradually got to the point where I am today and I ’m completely soda free .
Feel the pressure
Checking your tire pressure is one of those money saving tips that you hear time and time again and you probably still do n’t do it .
It seems to be one of those things that can always be put off until later .
I ended up solving this problem by finding a tire pressure gauge that fits into the gas tank area of my car ( I had it in my glove compartment , but how often do you ever remember to look in there ? )
Now each time I go to fill up the car , the tire gauge is right there when I open the tank and since I ’m standing around anyway , it ’s easy enough to check the tires .
This not only gives you slightly better gas mileage , it also helps your tires to last longer .
Read the writing on the wall
I love to read and I used to have a large library of several thousand books at home .
I donated them all to my local library a few years ago except for about 50 that I reread and reference time and again .
Now , before I purchase any book , I test read it .
I reserve it at our local library ( which I can do online so I do n’t even have to go to see if it is there ) and then pick them up the next time I happen to be in the area .
If after finishing the book I know that I will want to read it again and again , I go out and buy it .
If not , I ’ve saved myself the $ 20 purchase price .
Since I read quite a bit , this literally saves me more than $ 1000 a year .
Make a call
When I first met my wife , she had over $ 10,000 in credit card debt .
The very first move we made was to call each of her credit card companies and ask that the her interest rates be lowered .
Two of the four credit card companies did it without any questions , lowering the cards from 17 % and 19 % to 7 % and 8 % .
On one we had to go past the the initial receptionist to the manager and had a 15 % card reduced to 8 % .
The fourth card would n’t budge on a 18 % interest rate , so we transferred the debt to the 7 % card and cancelled it .
If you carry any monthly balance on your credit cards , call and ask to have the interest rate lowered .
Call again
Another call to make is to your TV cable company .
My mom loves her cable and she had been paying a high price for it , so I made a call to the cable company and got her bill reduced from $ 79.20 a month to $ 39.95 a month for 6 months .
The cable TV business is competitive and using competitors promotions with the willingness to switch companies can often land you significant savings on what you are currently paying .
The process is straightforward and simple :
1 . Make the call .
2 . When the phone is answered , immediately ask to speak with someone in the cancellation department .
3 . Explain that you enjoy and are satisfied with your current service and you do n’t want to switch to a competitor if you do n’t have to , but you have a deal from the competition that is much less than what you are currently paying .
Explain the deal and name the competitor — in all likelihood your service is already well aware of it since they keep tabs on one another .
4 . Ask politely if they can match or at least reduce the amount you are paying for your current service so you do n’t have to switch .
If they can give you a better deal , they will since it is much less costly for them to keep you as a customer than to find a new customer to replace you .
I love painless savings
And one more call
Another simple call I make on a yearly basis is to my car insurance company .
Insurance it an extremely competitive business and the Internet has made it easy to compare prices which puts you in the driver ’s seat , so to speak .
Much like with cable TV , do an Internet search and get some price quotes from competitors that you can use to bargain with .
Make the call and the insurance company will do whatever they can to keep you .
If gas prices have changed your driving habits , this can also get your insurance bill lowered .
Since my wife decided to take public transportation for her job rather than the car , we had 10 % knocked off our most recent insurance bill when I called and asked for a better deal .
Reward yourself
If I shop a company on a regular basis ( and sometimes even if it is occasionally ) I will spend the few minutes it takes to sign up for their reward program .
In return , I usually get a number of discounts and special deals for things that I was going to buy anyway .
I sign up for every frequent flier program because even if I never accumulate enough miles to get a free ticket , I can almost always redeem the miles I do get for free magazines .
Most retail customer reward programs will send percentage off coupons throughout the year and since I would be shopping at the store anyway , it ’s money in my pocket .
While I ’m still not a big coupon person , I have learned that signing up for the newsletters for the brands that I do buy ( here ’s a contact list for major food manufacturers and organic food manufacturers ) will get me coupons for things I actually buy ( warning : you may want to create a separate free email account if you do this to keep your main account somewhat manageable ) .
Turn down the heat
I am by no means a great do - it - yourself person , but I can do basic maintenance .
One of the best moves I ever made was replacing a manual thermostat with a programmable model in the first house I purchased .
My heating bill in the winter and air conditioning bill in the summer dropped about 20 % with its installation and it was wonderful to wake up on cold winter mornings to an already warm house .
Even if you have to hire someone to install it , it ’s well worth the price since it will save you a bundle over time and make your living conditions a lot more comfortable .
Report some savings
The government lets you obtain a free credit report from each of the 3 major credit reporting agencies each year at annualcreditreport.com .
I have it arranged so that I get one report every 4 months which I feel gives me a better idea of what is happening to my credit over the entire year rather than requesting all of them at once .
I request my Experian report in January , my Equifax report in May and my TransUnion report in August .
This allows me to see if there are any problems or mistakes ( which can lower your credit rating and mean it costs more to get loans ) and monitor to make sure there has n’t been any identity theft that has taken place .
Freeze !
When my wife had all her credit card debt , I threatened to take her credit cards , place then inside a container of water and stick them in the freezer if she did n’t stop using them until they had been paid off ( a step that a good friend of mine had taken years ago to stop himself from using his credit card ) .
Although it never came to that , she did take them out of her wallet and put them in the back of her desk drawer where they did remain until the debt was paid off .
The simple act of taking your credit cards out of your wallet and placing them somewhere else means that they ca n’t be used for impulse purchases .
Timing is everything
I have to admit that I love to take long showers .
This drives my wife crazy and does n’t do much for our water and energy ( for heating the water ) bills .
My main problem is that I used to do a lot of my thinking and article brainstorming while in the shower so I would n’t even realize how long I had been in there .
My wife solved that problem by bringing in it a kitchen timer that I now set at 10 minutes every time I take a shower .
It does mean that I have to do my article brainstorming on walks instead of the shower , but our energy and water bills have gone down quite a bit since the timer was introduced .
Make a switch
In my younger days when my wife and I first got married , we used disposable plates , chopsticks ( we live in Japan ) and napkins for practically every meal .
They seemed relatively inexpensive and clean - up was a lot easier , but when we realized we were spending several hundred dollars each year on all that disposable stuff , we switched to plates , regular chopsticks ( silverware when in the US ) and cloth napkins .
An added bonus is that we produce a lot less trash than we used to as well .
Get rid of a load
This is something that I used to be really bad about .
I basically was carrying around an entire sports store in my car ’s trunk for a couple of years .
Now the only thing in my trunk is an emergency kit and whatever supplies I need for where I happen to be going .
Not only does it save me a bit on gas , I can actually fit things I need into my car now which makes my wife a lot happier .
Filter some savings
I remember taking a look at my mom ’s furnace filter the last time I was back in the US .
It was winter and the furnace did n’t seem to be working .
It did n’t take long to realize the problem was the filter which had n’t been changed for at least a year .
Now when I call her it ’s a running joke that I ask her if she has recently changed the filter .
It takes a couple minutes at most to replace your heating or air conditioning filter every few months .
You ’ll find that doing this on a regular basis will make your systems work much more efficiently saving you money .
An audit you want
One of the best decisions I ever made was calling my local utility company and asking them to come out to do an energy audit on my house .
Many offer to do this for free or they may charge a small price , but either way it ’s worth it .
In addition to doing the audit and showing me where I was losing money due to poor insulation and leaks ( and how much it would cost to fix them ) , they also brought an energy saver kit with low flow shower and sink heads , weather stripping , toilet damn , etc .
They offered it for less than half the regular price that it normally sold for and helped me install them .
I could see the savings in my bills the next month .
With energy prices at all time highs , making this call and setting up an appointment makes it even more worth the 10 minutes it takes .
See the light
We had slowly been making the switch to energy efficient CFL lighting inside our house as our old bulbs burned out , but made a full house switch a few years ago when an area store was offering them for $ 0.25 a piece as part of a Earth Day promotion with the local energy company .
As soon as we made the switch , we wished we had done so earlier .
Replacing one bulb at a time does n’t seem to make much of a difference , but when we switched the whole house , we could instantly see the savings .
Since then we have also gone to a motion sensor security light and solar lighting for the garden and pathway to our door .
Become a fan
I used to never pay much attention to the kitchen and bathroom fans in our house and I would often leave them running .
I read an article that explained keeping these fans running basically sucks all the warmed ( winter ) and cooled ( summer ) air out of the house making your heating / cooling system work harder .
We started to use them only when needed and turn them off religiously when we were done which resulted in a large dip in our energy bill .
I still feel like hitting myself for not realizing this sooner .
Change you can believe in
My very first emergency fund was put together from the change in my pockets ( it works even better in Japan where they have a $ 1 and $ 5 coin ) .
I never liked carry change around so this was an easy saving method to implement and since coin changing machines in Japan are free ( unlike in the US where saving coins can actually cost you money if you ’re not careful ) , it was perfect .
I still empty my pockets on a daily basis into a jar by our front door to this day ( although now it ’s our vacation fund ) .
Raise your standards
One of the first things I did once I had an emergency fund in place was to call my car insurance agent and raised my insurance deductible from $ 500 to $ 1000 .
I ’ve always had the highest deductible I can get while still knowing I have the money to cover it in case an accident does happen .
In fact , when our cars get older so that they are no longer worth a lot but still run fine , I drop all collision insurance .
Dephantomize your house
Did you know that the clock on your microwave oven probably uses more energy during the year than the actual use of you microwave ?
I ended up buying power strips to plug in all our appliances a few years ago when I learned about phantom energy use .
All those appliances that you “ turn off ” are still consuming energy .
While a single appliance by itself would not be a big deal , when you add up all the different appliances and systems in the average home , the phantom electricity load will reach $ 20 + a year and can even reach $ 100 + in houses that have a lot of electronics .
Now I have a lot less phantom energy waste since I can use the power strips to keep the appliances from sucking up energy even when they appear to be off .
Flex your wallet
I can no longer participate in these programs since I am now self employed , but when I was working for a company that offered them , it was a great way to take care of all my medical needs tax free .
Simply sign - up for a medical flexible spending account ( FSA ) if your employer offers one .
You need to be careful because if you have any extra money in the account at the end of the year it gets forfeited , but there are a lot of things you can use the money for including over - the - counter medicines .
Bank on it
Opening up an online bank account was great not only because they pay much higher interest rates that traditional banks , but also because they are an excellent place to keep money that you do n’t want to touch .
There are plenty to choose from and you can even get sign up bonuses so that you are making money while you save .
While all of these ideas may not be appropriate for your situation , the ones that are should be easy to implement and begin helping your finances right away .
Not that I want to sound like a Nike ad , but it ’s true that the most important thing is to just do it .
Once you get started it becomes much easier to work on other areas of your finances as well .
These are just a few of the ways that you can improve your finances with little time involved .
Feel free to share others that you use and have benefited from .
Photo credit : Images Money .
Mininova has just launched their new bookmarking feature for registered users .
One of the benefits of your mininova bookmarks page is that generates a personalized RSS feed which allows you to automatically add bookmarked torrents to your BitTorrent client .
Importing torrents via RSS can be very useful if you ’re at work , school , or at a friends place .
With this new feature from mininova you only have to bookmark the torrent , and it will start downloading automatically when your BitTorrent client is running at home .
Here is how it works .
First of all , you ’ll have to be a registered user at Mininova to use the bookmarking feature .
Then , when you come across a torrent you would like to download , simply click on the “ Add to bookmarks ” button .
The torrent will then be added to your personal bookmarks page , which has its own RSS feed .
Next , you will have to add your personal bookmarks feed to your favorite BitTorrent client and then you ’re all set .
In addition you can customize the process a bit more , depending on the client you use .
Some clients , for example , let you choose whether to download the torrent immediately , or start it later manually .
Mininova is not the first BitTorrent site to add bookmarking capabilities .
Torrentz.com has had this feature for quite some time now .
However , Mininova is the first site to combine it with an RSS feed that has BitTorrent enclosures , which makes it compatible with BitTorrent clients that support RSS downloading .
Mininova has covered their new bookmark feature , with some additional details , in their latest blog post .
For those who are interested , we have some more RSS tutorials over here .
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - Giant sheets of ice totaling almost eight square miles broke off an ice shelf in the Canadian Arctic last week and more could follow later this year , scientists said on Tuesday .
A 2006 satellite image of the Ward Hunt ice shelf in the Canadian Arctic .
Giant sheets of ice totaling almost eight square miles broke off the ice shelf last week and more could follow later this year , scientists said on Tuesday .
REUTERS / Jacques Descloitres , MODIS Rapid Response Team , NASA / GSFC / Handout
Temperatures in large parts of the Arctic have risen far faster than the global average in recent decades , a development that experts say is linked to global warming .
The ice broke away from the shelf on Ward Hunt Island , an small island just off giant Ellesmere Island in one of the northernmost parts of Canada .
It was the largest fracture of its kind since the nearby Ayles ice shelf -- which measured 25 square miles -- broke away in 2005 .
Scientists had already identified deep cracks in the Ward Hunt shelf , which measures around 155 square miles .
The shelf is one of five along Ellesmere Island in the northern Arctic .
“ Because the break - off occurred between two large parallel cracks they ’re thinking more could go this summer before the freeze sets in , ” said Trudy Wohlleben of the Canadian Ice Service .
Asked to be more specific , she told Reuters : “ More could be a piece as large as the Ayles ice shelf . ”
Ellesmere Island was once home to a single enormous ice shelf totaling around 3,500 square miles .
All that is left of that shelf today are five much smaller shelves that together cover just under 400 square miles .
“ The break - off is consistent with other changes we ’ve seen in the area , such as the reduction in the amount of sea ice , the retreat of the glaciers and the break - up of other ice shelves , ” Wohlleben said .
She said a likely reason for the shelf breaking away was a strong wind from the south .
Warwick Vincent , director of the Centre for Northern Studies at Laval University in Quebec , said much of the remaining Ward Hunt ice shelf is now in a vulnerable state .
“ It underscores the fact that each year we ’re now crossing new thresholds in environmental change in the High Arctic , and of course our concern in the longer term is that these may signal the onset of serious change at all latitudes , much further to the south , for example , ” he told Reuters .
Derek Mueller , an Arctic ice shelf specialist at Trent University in Ontario , said he was concerned by the rapidity of changes in the High Arctic over the last few years .
“ It ’s a bit of a wake - up call for those people who are n’t yet affected by climate change that there are places on earth that are , and the same could be true for them ( these people ) if you fast - forward a decade or two or three , ” he said .
Mueller initially estimated that 1.5 square miles of ice had broken off the shelf but increased that figure to eight square miles after studying the data more closely .
“ Whatever has kept this ice shelf in balance for 3,000 years is no longer keeping it in balance , ” he told Reuters , saying he too would not be surprised to see more ice breaking away from the Ward Hunt shelf this year .
Wohlleben said the ice shelves , which contained unique ecosystems that had yet to be studied , would not be replaced because they took so long to form .
“ Once they ’ve broken off they ’re gone , ” she said .
Print
The Hard Way
Yair Lapid Photo : Yoni Hamenachem
click here to enlarge text click here to reduce text
Israelis want everything
We want all our problems to be resolved without paying any price
Yair Lapid
According to all the polls , the vast majority of the public wants everything to be done – and I mean everything – in order to secure the release of abducted IDF soldier Gilad Shalit .
According to the same polls , a vast majority of the very same public objects to the release of hundreds of terrorists with blood on their hands .
According to the latest poll , 57 % of Israelis back peace talks with According to the latest poll , 57 % of Israelis back peace talks with Syria .
According to a poll undertaken at the same time , 70 % of Israelis object to giving back either all or part of the Golan Heights .
According to all the polls , a vast majority of the public thinks and says that the time has come for a decisive military operation that would put an end to Qassam attacks on Gaza- region communities .
Yet the exact same majority is unwilling to see IDF troops dying in the Strip .
Those are our children , and we are unwilling to see them sent to their death on the Philadelphi Route .
According to all the polls , a vast majority of the public thinks and says that the time has come for a decisive military operation that would put an end to Qassam attacks on Gaza- region communities .
Yet the exact same majority is unwilling to see IDF troops dying in the Strip .
Those are our children , and we are unwilling to see them sent to their death on the Philadelphi Route .
These contradictory numbers are usually brought up during discussions meant to ridicule the culture of polls .
Yet all these contradictions are not the fault of the polite lady who called to ask for our opinion – rather , these contradictions happen on our end .
These contradictory numbers are usually brought up during discussions meant to ridicule the culture of polls .
Yet all these contradictions are not the fault of the polite lady who called to ask for our opinion – rather , these contradictions happen on our end .
We are the ones who want “ government stability , ” but on condition the current government be toppled .
We are the ones who think
We are the ones who want “ government stability , ” but on condition the current government be toppled .
We are the ones who think Hizbullah should be removed from the northern border , but are unwilling to accept another war .
We are the ones who want a Jewish state , but insist on annexing four million Muslims .
We are the ones who express remorse over the disengagement , but thank God that we are no longer in Gaza .
We are the ones who object to religious coercion , but choose to get married at the Rabbinate ’s office .
In short , we are the ones who want everything , but are unwilling to compromise on anything .
We refuse to realize that resources are limited , that life is n’t perfect , and that everything comes with a price tag .
In short , we are the ones who want everything , but are unwilling to compromise on anything .
We refuse to realize that resources are limited , that life is n’t perfect , and that everything comes with a price tag .
Because the thing we really want has a name , and it ’s short and catchy and well entrenched in our national consciousness :
It ’s called “ The Entebbe Operation . ”
Because the thing we really want has a name , and it ’s short and catchy and well entrenched in our national consciousness :
It ’s called “ The Entebbe Operation . ”
We want our problems to disappear After all , this is what we really want .
To see elite soldiers hopping off airplanes , under the command of some kind of Netanyahu , and resolving all the problems that have turned us into hostages .
Just like it happened in 1976 , we want the miracle to emerge out of the sky wearing camouflaged uniforms and take over the deserted airport of reality .
After all , this is what we were taught – that we can win and be right at the same time ; that we can be both occupiers and enlightened ; that we can be both a small country surrounded by enemies and the world ’s strongest army ; that we can cry in Auschwitz and later order a stripper to our Warsaw hotel ; that we can get a brand new F - 35 from the United States , and at the same time mumble that “ the Americans ca n’t tell us what to do . ”
After all , this is what we were taught – that we can win and be right at the same time ; that we can be both occupiers and enlightened ; that we can be both a small country surrounded by enemies and the world ’s strongest army ; that we can cry in Auschwitz and later order a stripper to our Warsaw hotel ; that we can get a brand new F - 35 from the United States , and at the same time mumble that “ the Americans ca n’t tell us what to do . ”
Our leaders , or whatever is left of that word , learned the hard way that it is not worth their while sharing life ’s unpleasant realities with us .
We have no energy for them .
We ’ll just be angry , or ignore them .
Our leaders , or whatever is left of that word , learned the hard way that it is not worth their while sharing life ’s unpleasant realities with us .
We have no energy for them .
We ’ll just be angry , or ignore them .
Look at , for example , the infantile and damaging discussion regarding whether to attack - or - not - to - attack Iran .
Everything has been said already , aside from the bothersome truth :
We simply cannot strike Iran .
It is too far , and too complex , and the Iranian nuclear program is buried deep underground in a series of facilities we have no way of reaching .
Look at , for example , the infantile and damaging discussion regarding whether to attack - or - not - to - attack Iran .
Everything has been said already , aside from the bothersome truth :
We simply cannot strike Iran .
It is too far , and too complex , and the Iranian nuclear program is buried deep underground in a series of facilities we have no way of reaching .
You can admit that this is annoying .
After all , we expected Batman and Superman to put on a uniform and arrange the world for us just the way we fantasized about it .
You can admit that this is annoying .
After all , we expected Batman and Superman to put on a uniform and arrange the world for us just the way we fantasized about it .
We do n’t want to resolve problems , but rather , only to discover that they disappeared .
That the abductees have returned , that the Palestinians compromised with us in exchange for a duplex in Samaria , and that We do n’t want to resolve problems , but rather , only to discover that they disappeared .
That the abductees have returned , that the Palestinians compromised with us in exchange for a duplex in Samaria , and that Bashar Assad called and left a message asking us to come at six thirty tomorrow in order to run Syria for him and fix his washing machine .
Anyone who deals with early childhood education knows this phenomenon .
In professional terms it ’s referred to as “ magical thinking . ”
Children believe that if they just want something badly enough , it will happen .
Before they go to sleep they close their eyes and say to themselves “ a dog , a dog , a dog , I want a dog , I wish I had a dog . ”
Then they fall asleep convinced that tomorrow morning a cute dog will jump into their bed and lick their face .
Anyone who deals with early childhood education knows this phenomenon .
In professional terms it ’s referred to as “ magical thinking . ”
Children believe that if they just want something badly enough , it will happen .
Before they go to sleep they close their eyes and say to themselves “ a dog , a dog , a dog , I want a dog , I wish I had a dog . ”
Then they fall asleep convinced that tomorrow morning a cute dog will jump into their bed and lick their face .
Eventually , we too will understand it .
Eventually , we too will understand it .
Back
As we know , it 's women who run the world .
They 're simply rather subtle about it , operating in invisible networks , behind closed doors , using their own ways and means .
This piece seeks to gently lift the lid on women - only groups , to observe them , not with an agenda , but more in the manner of a field study , a survey of some of the sororities that are constantly humming away , making stuff happen , just below the radar .
How do they organise themselves ?
What do they want ?
There are as many answers as there are groups , but some patterns emerge .
Every group I spoke to used the word " relaxed " .
Women - only environments are just less hassle .
Socially and mentally .
Within them , utopian ideas can flourish , whether it be a plan for helping young women beauty executives climb the greasy pole ( see " The beauty mafia " , page 21 ) or a vision for how to change public policy on power stations run by coal ( see " The eco cabal " ) .
In the privacy of Rebecca Frayn 's kitchen , the women behind Bright Green Pictures have been thinking big .
Huge .
They want to make short films that will change our attitudes towards energy consumption .
I found myself thinking of their radical forebears , of Hannah More , the 18th - century " bishop in petticoats " , who wrote so stridently against slavery , calling for " a revolution in manners ... a radical change in the moral behaviour of the nation " .
What gave her the courage ?
Being part of the Bluestocking movement must have helped .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Bluestockings shared books , friendship jewels ( such as a tiny enamel locket - like box containing each others ' pictures ) and , most importantly , assets – usefully , one of their number , Elizabeth Montagu , was filthy rich .
She built a " temple of virtue and friendship " on London 's Portman Square , where they could all be brainy together in luxury .
When Montagu 's husband died she used his money to endow her coterie of writers .
It was n't all sweetness and light , however .
Ann Yearsley was a milkmaid from Bristol whom the Bluestockings " discovered " as a gifted poet .
They helped her get into print , but Yearsley claimed they had defrauded her of ' royalties , and there was an embarrassingly public row .
Generally , though , the Bluestockings seem to have been very happy sharing contacts , painting one another 's portraits , and enhancing their mutual fabulousness .
What did they do , then , to deserve the 1815 Rowlandson cartoon " The Breaking Up of the Bluestocking Club " ( recently displayed at the National Portrait Gallery 's Brilliant Women exhibition ) , in which they are brawling , scratching and pulling hair ?
How did the word itself come to be a term of derision ?
All - women power groups have never delighted the patriarchy , shall we say .
Band together and you 're a " coven " ; disagree and you 're " at one another 's throats " .
Perhaps it 's no wonder these groups operate so discreetly .
Theatre director Suzy Willson is the co-founder of the Clod Ensemble and the woman behind the internationally successful " happening " , the Red Ladies .
Dressed identically in red stilettos , red headscarves and dark glasses , the Red Ladies move through towns with " great love , incredible style and devastating integrity " ( these are their stage directions ) .
Who are they , and what is their purpose ?
The public leap to all sorts of conclusions .
Men shout lewd comments at them , or show exaggerated deference .
Some people are afraid .
Others assume they are selling something , perfume perhaps .
No one knows how to read the Red Ladies .
We are simply not used to seeing women in uniform .
" There 's an Everyman , but there is n't an Everywoman , " says Willson .
Her performance art is disorienting and exciting because it gives us a glimpse of something rare : women looking as if they belong together .
Men do it all the time .
Think of a black - tie dinner , a business suit , football supporters .
Men slip on a mask that makes them all of a type .
Women must always dress like individuals .
It can be a privilege but it sure gets exhausting ; adopting a temporary group identity can be a refuge and a relief .
The Red Ladies have no leader .
" They move a bit like starlings , " says Willson .
" You think they must be choreographed , but they 're not .
The group has its own energy . "
Some of the more informal groups I interviewed here were the same .
They had no head honcho , no stooges .
They ran themselves , carried along by a mysterious momentum .
Could this be a glimpse of – ah ! – the lost , the mystical Amazonian Way of Doing Things ?
On the other hand , many women 's groups just replicate structures set up by men , for men .
At Christ 's College , Cambridge , an all - male sporting society called The Marguerites has been carousing round the quiet quads since 1899 .
When women joined the college in the 1970s they set up The Hippolytans on very much the same lines .
" We started as a response to the Marguerites , I 'm sure , " says fourth - year undergraduate Lexy Docwra , former secretary of the Hippolytans , chair of the May Ball , hockey - team captain and all - round college star .
" But there are differences in the way we do things .
When the boys initiate new members , they wake them up with a pint of vodka .
We 're much classier .
We wake them up with a glass of ' champagne , and then lock them out of their rooms so they have to go to the porter 's lodge in their pyjamas ... "
Other initiation rites include tipsy wheelbarrow races and stealing " trophies " from other colleges .
" We match the Marguerites in high spirits , " adds former Hippos president Cat McIntosh , " except we want the girls to have a nice time .
It 's not about endurance . "
The Hippos attend weekly social events , sometimes wearing their black - and - red sorority ties , sometimes fancy dress .
On one memorable occasion the theme was " hill - climbing " and the Hippos turned up tied to one another by rope .
Is there a homoerotic vibe ?
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" No , that 's something I think happens more at all - women colleges , " one Hippo tells me .
" They need the publicity . "
" I 'm sure Hippos sounds strange to the outside world , " says Docwra .
" My father understands it , though , because he was a Marguerite , though in his day Christ 's did n't have any women at all . "
It 's dizzying thinking how quickly everything has changed .
Sometimes women 's groups do n't keep up .
Another group running on a male structure is the female Freemasons .
Yes , they exist – 6,000 of them – alive , well and busy operating the secret two - way tunnel between Selfridges and the Hampstead ladies pond .
OK , that last is a lie , but the truth is scarcely less extraordinary .
They address one another as " Worshipful Brother Margaret " or " Grand Master Florence " , slavishly copying their male counterparts , even though , after 100 years of negotiation , they still do n't have official recognition from them ( in practice , however , both organisations co-operate amicably and share premises ) .
The founding female Freemasons of 100 years ago were radical feminists because they believed in – oh , horrors – birth control , but times changed and the female Freemasons did n't .
These days , they are a conventional lot – when I asked about criteria for membership , I was told you needed to be " respectable " – yet what they do is , in many ways , pretty radical .
Usual gender roles are totally upturned .
The women have the grand titles and enjoy elaborate dinners ; their menfolk are allowed to help out " with charity work " .
The female Freemasons flounce about in robes decorated with golden badges of their Masonic achievements , like glorified , grown - up Girl Guides .
They claim the hieratic status of mysticism .
When the female grand masters took to the stage of the Royal Albert Hall for their centenary celebrations last month , husbands were permitted to come along to watch .
" It was the first time most of them had seen us in our regalia , " Zuzanka Penn , assistant grand master , told me proudly .
I 'll bet they were dazzled .
In her robes she is as stunning as a cardinal .
Yet her personal preference , as a Christian , is to receive communion from a male officiate .
The female Freemasons are indeed a rich source of contradictions .
But the point of this article is n't to simplify , but to reveal women 's groups in all their complicated variety and subtle permutations .
This is what we do when no one 's looking , and this , and this , and this ...
The radical readers
They went out to support the women of Greenham Common .
Thirty - odd years later , they 're still reading against the patriarchy .
" We only read books by women , " explains Harriet Spicer , a founder of Virago Press and a long - term group member .
" I did once manage to slide in a biography of Mary Wollstonecraft by Richard Holmes but the idea is to honour women writers by reading them .
My daughter will say , ' Mum 's getting all " votes for women " again , ' but I do think there 's work to be done . "
No one can quite remember exactly when the group started .
" Put it this way , one of the babies who attended in a straw basket is getting married this summer , " says Spicer .
Members past and present include Julia Bard of the Jewish Socialists , Anna Barfield , who ran the women 's desk at Compendium Books in Camden , and Margaret Lally , of The Owl bookshop in Kentish Town .
Controversial reads over the years include Raising Children in the Goddess Tradition by the radical San Francisco feminist Starhawk .
Spicer sums up : " Our group works , so no one wants to change it .
Everyone brings food without much consultation , and somehow we never end up with six pots of hummus ... although , to tell the truth , there is always one pot of hummus . "
The eco cabal
Four film - makers – Eski Thomas , Lila Morgan , Christina Robert and Lesley Cavendish – get together as Bright Green Pictures with one big idea : to make short environmental consciousness - raising films , " commercials on behalf of the planet " .
" Motherhood means you take a break , and you start to think differently , to reprioritise , " says Robert .
" We all had that , I think .
We stopped and we realised : you know what ?
We could make small films with a big impact .
Between us , we 've got quite a lot of contacts . "
Understatement of the year : not only do all these women have 20 - odd years ' film experience , they all happen to be married to major power players : Morgan to writer of The Queen Peter Morgan ; Thomas to Bertolucci 's producer , Jeremy Thomas ; Cavendish to the producer of Bridget Jones ; while Robert 's spouse , Barnaby Thompson , is head of Ealing Studios and produced St Trinian's .
" I see the Trinian 's girls quite a lot and Tallulah Riley has told us she is ready to be in her first Bright Green Pictures film , " says Robert .
Boy , are these women efficient : " We put our first film together in about three hours in our friend Rebecca Frayn 's kitchen , " ( see www.wecan.uk.com).
" We do n't have set roles , as such , " says Robert , " it just happens .
None of us has patience with hierarchical structures any more .
We 're all mothers and we all appreciate the value of each other 's time . "
Cavendish , a producer of adverts and mother of triplets aged 11 , sees their association as " post - feminist " .
" Nobody shouts each other down , " she says , " But that 's what we 're like as individuals .
That 's nothing to do with gender . "
The all - girl dance crew
The SINstar Bgirls crew includes Chi-Boogie , Ladybug , Raquit , RascElle and Remady .
Their artistic director is TrubL Roc ( aka Lucy ) .
SIN stands for Strength In Numbers .
" It 's a more united feeling , dancing in a girls ' crew , " says TrubL Roc .
" When I started out , there were n't many girls in UK hip hop so a lot of us thought we had to be strong like a boy , or get our cleavages out like French B - girls .
We do n't do either of those things .
" We 've got inner strength without being butch .
We dress like girls , with big earrings and necklaces that are always falling in our mouths at inopportune moments , and we dance like girls .
We get style and confidence from each other , definitely . "
In dance , or in life ?
" There 's no separation ! "
TrubL Roc and a friend she had been breakdancing with since primary school started their first all - girl group , Cassé , in Cambridge 10 years ago .
" I was 18 and I already had one of my daughters , who used to come to training when she was tiny , sitting in a car seat , bobbing her head .
We did an all - girl showcase at the UK Championships in 1999 and the blokes who told us it would never work were like , hang on , we want a bit of this .
We thought about having them in the group but they were so moody and took up so much floor space in practice that it made us realise we had something special being just girls . "
The women of the Lodge
There are 6,000 female Freemasons in the UK and Commonwealth and their centenary celebrations recently filled the Albert Hall .
The current grandmaster supports a policy of non-secrecy , hence this rare interview with Dr Iris Oktabsova and her daughter Zuzanka .
" It 's not about worldly power , " says Oktabsova , past grand master of Lodge Equity 16 .
" It 's about spirituality and personal growth . "
Oktabsova , 86 , joined when she was 21 years old , after attending a " spectacular " meeting at the Grand Lodge in London 's Notting Hill .
" A lot of masons at that Lodge were Equity members , so it was quite a theatrical performance . "
What , with hymn - singing and dancing ?
" That sort of thing . "
If Oktabsova is vague , it is " because otherwise there would be nothing for new members to discover " .
" There would be no journey , " agrees Zuzanka , accountant by day , assistant grand master after hours .
As for secret handshakes : " We have several , " says Oktabsova .
" And we have fun too , " adds Zuzanka .
" I should n't say it but some of our meetings can be hysterically funny .
When you 're trying to be very serious and solemn you can get the giggles . "
Pioneering female Masons of the early 20th century were suffragists and women 's rights campaigners .
Is there still a feminist angle ?
" No . I am definitely not liberated , " winks Zuzanka .
" Yes , " agrees Oktabsova looking skywards , " it goes beyond gender . "
The beauty mafia
Cosmetic Executive Women ( CEW ) promotes networking and leadership in the beauty industry .
Its 600 UK members include anyone who 's anyone in war paint , from brand managers to product developers to beauty journalists .
" I would never want to go to an event that was just a makeover or a luncheon club , " says Caroline Neville , president of CEW .
" But if you were going to tell me about tax laws , intellectual copyright , green cosmetics – that I would want go to . "
These are some of the topics CEW has recently discussed at its power breakfasts .
" We meet at The Avenue in St James 's – a perfect white space .
I 'm from a PR background , so anything I put on was always going to have style and quality .
We pay minimal fuss to the breakfast , just plenty of coffee . "
Guest speakers might be stars – the actor Sarah Jessica Parker has attended to discuss celeb fragrances – or CEOs .
Networking opportunities are dizzying .
" A younger member on a low - price ticket could find herself next to the managing director of a major brand , " says Neville .
" It 's what we need if we 're going to make young women leaders .
In the US , where CEW started in the 1950s , it 's now 4,000 - strong and you have to be a member to get anywhere in the industry .
CEW
France is more elitist ; you have to be an MD to join .
Here I run mentoring schemes to bring people up through the ranks .
" Unlike fashion , there is n't a formalised way to enter the beauty industry through college .
So we , CEW , act like an informal training school . "
What do men make of it ?
" We have a big issue with men , I have to say .
They all want to join . "
The creative circle
Most of the Muses ( bar Urania ) are represented in this long - running book group , whose members include a writer and novelist , two painters and a dancer - turned - opera director .
Based in East Sussex near Hastings , they have been meeting once a month for 11 years .
" We 've seen each other through many crises , " says Charlotte Moore , a writer , journalist and long - term member .
" Radiotherapy , divorce , bereavement ... it 's been a sort of informal feminist support group , without ever setting out to be that .
It fulfils a real need for intelligent conversation . "
That was how it all began , when most members had toddlers .
" Now we all drone on about the menopause .
It 's very interesting to me , seeing how women 's lives take shape . "
Has the group featured in her novels ?
" Not explicitly , but everything feeds in . "
Hosts take turns , in alphabetical rotation .
" The food 's hit and miss ; we 're not socially competitive in that way .
Power is remarkably equally shared . "
No one could be said to lead this group , nor does it have a name .
It " comes in and out of focus , becomes more or less important at different times in our lives " .
Once , in an orgy of creativity showcased at a Sussex arts festival , the group 's members rendered portraits of one another in their own different media – words , food , and painted representations , both abstract and realistic .
The Bluestockings would have been proud .
HE
HARARE , Zimbabwe ( CNN ) -- Zimbabwe 's troubled central bank introduced $ 100 billion banknotes Saturday in a desperate bid to ease the recurrent cash shortages plaguing the inflation - ravaged economy .
A shopper displays a $ 500 million Zimbabwean bank note .
The bills officially come into circulation Monday , although they were on the foreign currency dealers market Saturday .
As high as they are , though , the bills still are n't enough to buy a loaf of bread .
They can buy only four oranges .
The new note is equal to just one U.S. dollar .
Once - prosperous Zimbabwe has seen an unprecedented economic meltdown since it gained independence in 1980 , with the official inflation rate now at 2.2 million percent .
Gideon Gono , governor of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe , said the new notes are for " the convenience of the banking public and corporate sector " in light of price hikes .
" The RBZ has noted with concern the unjustifiable and incessant general increases in prices of goods and services .
It is therefore appealing to the business community to follow ethical business practices as well as take an interest in the plight of the general public , " Gono said in a statement dated Friday .
Zimbabwe started issuing large bank notes in December , starting with denominations of $ 250,000 .
In January , the government issued bills in denominations of $ 1 million , $ 5 million , and $ 10 million -- and in May , it issued bills from $ 25 million and $ 50 million up to $ 25 billion and $ 50 billion .
The new bills are actually bearer checks and have an expiration date of December 31 .
Zimbabwe has not had formal currency since the introduction of bearer checks as a temporary measure in 2003 .
" The RBZ is fighting a losing battle , " economist John Robertson said in Harare .
" As long as the inflation remains high , cash shortages will persist .
There is need to address the inflation by increasing production so that too goods do not [ cost ] a lot of money . "
All About Zimbabwe • Robert Mugabe • Morgan Tsvangirai
Like Oasis , Blur and other Britpop acts that took My Bloody Valentine 's comet tail and ran with it , The Verve ruled nicely in the 90s and fell into disrepute afterward .
And like MBV , The Verve has reunited .
But they 've gone one better by embracing the new digital century with a free song from their forthcoming full - length Forth , due in mid-August .
( Are you listening Kevin Shields ? )
The Verve 's song " Mover " was made available for download Tuesday from their official site , which means that you 're going to have to share some personal info and join the band 's mailing list if you want to get it .
Yes ,
The Verve still has a lot to learn about free downloads .
But the recombined foursome is well - read on copyright law .
After a protracted lawsuit over a sample of The Rolling Stones ' " Last Time " cost The Verve much in the way of cash , headaches and ownership , the band could probably recite arcane legalese on the fly .
Photo : The Verve
See Also :
But there is another fuel with an almost equally critical role in some aspects of our daily lives and that is natural gas .
And with a growing reliance on Russian supplies and the Russian gas pipelines that also carry gas from places such as Turkmenistan , I think that more attention should be given to a statement made by Alexei Miller , CEO of Gazprom , last Thursday .
The CEO was accompanying the new Russian President on a visit to Azerbaijan , where Gazprom are lining up the purchase of Azerbaijani natural gas , and intends to purchase the maximum amount possible “ at market prices . ”
This comes at a time when Russia ’s Finance Minister is recognizing that Russian crude output has peaked .
The reduction of crude output and the unstable pension system will create serious problems in the Russian economy , the minister said .
I discuss my concerns about the coming global decline rates in my next post , and certainly , having just read Petrostate – Putin , Power and the New Russia by Marshall Goldman I am not filled with confidence that Russian output will do anything to correct the global decline that is coming .
But in the shorter term , winter is coming to Europe , and with it will come an increasing Western dependence on gas that flows out through Russian pipelines .
Please note that I did not say that the dependence would be completely on Russian gas , since the coming purchase of Azerbaijani natural gas , and that from Turkmenistan is likely to be a portion of that which makes its way West .
However , while in the past Russia has been able to dictate the price that it paid for Turkmen gas , this is no longer the case , as starting next year Turkmen gas will also start to flow to China .
And this will have an impact on the price that Russia must pay for the supply .
The Turkmen gas supply to the Chinese will in no way affect the volumes of supply to Europe and to Ukraine , as the gas would be brought from different fields , but it could implicitly influence the price growth , Alexander Narbut , a Ukrainian expert in energy issues said in comment to a Regnum correspondent in Kiev .
Besides , the expert noted that the influence on the price of supply is expected in the future only , as far as , according to existing arrangements , the gas prices for the Chinese do exceed the prices of the Turkmen gas supplied to Russia .
( As an aside Ukraine is anticipating a bumper harvest to help it pay it ’s gas bill . )
The importance of gas supplies from these regions has not been lost on Russia , particularly given the Russian President ’s background , and he was , this past week , in Turkmenistan , and Azerbaijan before ending up in Kazakhstan .
In all three places the topic was Russian purchase of natural gas .
Medvedev and Nazarbayev on Sunday discussed the construction of a pipeline for Caspian Sea gas through Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan and increasing the capacity of an existing line , according to a statement on the Kremlin web site .
They also discussed cooperation in " nuclear energy , peaceful projects in space , and matters of CIS integration , " the statement said .
. . . .
The talks followed a similar course to those held Friday in the Turkmen capital of Ashgabat .
Speaking after talks with Turkmen President Gurbanguly Berdymukhammedov , Medvedev underlined the need to quickly build the pipeline , which would consolidate Moscow 's hold on energy transit from the region .
Russia has sought to undercut the Western push for the region 's rich energy resources by buying most of its natural gas and selling it on to Europe .
Medvedev and Berdymukhammedov also issued a joint statement underlining the importance of the new pipeline along the Caspian .
An agreement , Medvedev said , would be implemented " in the near future " after Russia , Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan complete the necessary formalities .
It may be remembered that the West has been pushing the alternative Nabucco pipeline from Turkey .
Turkmenistan gas would be supplied to that pipeline through the Trans - Caspian Gas Pipeline .
That alternative routing is still debated , but not , as yet implemented , and the recent Russian actions underline their opposition to it .
Their willingness to buy up all available supplies ( and sell them on to the West ) is illustrative of this intent .
However , as the quote at the top makes clear , along the way , if the Russians are going to have to pay a much higher price for the gas at the source , then once it has worked its way through several countries , with their transit charges , the price in the West may have gone up a fair bit , and Russia still makes a profit .
" After gradual transition to world prices , which are inevitable , the issue of orienting these [ gas ] flows to other countries will be taken off the agenda .
If Turkmenistan raises the price , the profitability of gas supplies to Russia or through Russia increases , " Sergei Prikhodko told a briefing on the eve of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's visit to the energy - rich Central Asian state .
That profit has been significant in the past , since only last November , recognizing the possibilities of competition , Russia increased the price it was paying for Turkmen gas .
The state - run Gazprom , which supplies 25 % of Europe 's gas , currently buys Turkmen gas for $ 100 ( £ 48 ) per 1,000 cubic metres .
The price will rise in 2008 to $ 130 , then rise again in the second half of the year to $ 150 , Gazprom said .
The year before they had increased the price 40 % .
At a September 5 ( 2006 ) meeting in Ashgabat , Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller caved in to the pricing demands of Turkmenistan ’s fickle dictator , Saparmurat Niyazov .
The Russian company agreed to a roughly 40 percent price increase for Turkmenistan ’s natural gas -- $ 100 per 1,000 cubic meters ( tcm ) .
The deal covers purchases through 2009 .
For months Gazprom had resisted Niyazov ’s sudden effort to jack up the gas price from $ 65 / tcm to $ 100 / tcm , prompting the Turkmen government in July to lambaste Moscow ’s energy policies .
At one point , Ashgabat characterized Russian officials as " dogs and agitated monkeys . "
It has been suggested that part of the reason for the purchase it that it will replace Russian supplies that may otherwise fall short , due to poor investment – in either way it looks like a good deal for Central Asia , and an expensive one for Western Europe , and ultimately for us all .
Update Leanan has two stories on this today , both aimed at warning Ukraine that it will have to pay more this winter , the first is from Reuters and repeats Miller 's warning .
Miller has repeated his view that Gazprom 's export prices in Europe will reach $ 500 per 1,000 cubic metres compared with $ 400 now as they follow record high oil prices with a lag of six to nine months .
That story notes that Ukraine is currently paying $ 179.50 for natural gas , that Russia is buying from Turkmenistan for $ 150 ( the price went up from $ 130 last week ) .
The other story , also from Reuters is an interview with the author of Natural Gas in Asia , Jonathan Stern , who while drawing some of the same conclusions I have given above , also notes that , since 80 % of the natural gas that flows from Russia to Europe goes through Ukraine , this poses a threat of a contentious January not just for them , but also for Western Europe .
( Particularly since the other 20 % he notes goes through Belarus , and we just have n’t heard that row yet ) .
With Continental Europe more willing to look after itself first , this may make it even colder for those folk on the end of the pipeline .
DIGG THIS
If they can get you asking the wrong questions , they do n’t have to worry about answers .
~ Thomas Pynchon
As I write these words , we are into the third day of a seemingly endless period of mourning for Tim Russert .
While he seemed to be a likable fellow — in a conventional sort of way — and I can sympathize with his family , friends , and colleagues over his loss , there is something telling about the state of journalism in this country in the way his death is being transformed into a national tragedy .
Here in Hollywood , the demise of even the most prominent of the prominent stars does not merit the media ’s nonstop observance such as we are witnessing not only from Mr. Russert ’s network , but from others as well .
This endless electronic eulogy brings to mind the classic observation of Marshall McLuhan : " the medium is the message . "
A centrally - directed , vertically - structured society requires a uniformity of thought in order to maintain a collective commitment .
This requires a continuing indoctrination in the values and purposes of the ruling establishment .
Government schools exist for the primary purpose of conditioning young minds in such a viewpoint , a function acknowledged by the Los Angeles County government when it declared that children need to be taught " that we are all part of one big social system " and " must learn to participate effectively in the system . "
H.L. Mencken was more to the point , as usual , when he wrote that the purpose of schools is :
to manufacture an endless corps of sound Americans .
A sound American is simply one who has put out of his mind all doubts and questionings , and who accepts instantly , and as incontrovertible gospel , the whole body of official doctrine of his day , whatever it may be and no matter how often it may change .
Once children have passed through the school system , there is the danger that this conditioned mindset may wither , a threat that the established order has long employed the media to resist .
Learned attitudes must be constantly reinforced , a function performed by the journalistic community .
Those who were paying attention could see how this role played out in the propagandizing for the Iraq War as well as the treatment accorded presidential candidate Ron Paul .
Here is a man whose ideas challenged the very foundations upon which the corporate - state owners had long maintained their destructive power over people .
The media immediately went into damage control to prevent members of the public from seeing / hearing any message contrary to that favored by the political establishment .
If , as McLuhan observed , " the medium is the message , " who are the scriptwriters of the message ?
There is a hierarchy of interests at work within the mainstream media that parallels the state apparatus itself .
Atop this pyramid of power rest the corporate interests who own not only the political system , but the message machines .
Beneath these owners are to be found the corporate sponsors , whose advertising and , in some cases ( e.g. , PBS stations ) , charitable contributions , provide the financial backing that keeps the message machines well - oiled and operating .
The message machine owners — subdivided into various radio / television networks and print media who , nonetheless have a shared interest in the message content — hire the " journalists , " commentators , and others , to write and deliver the agreed - upon script .
It is into this class of people that Tim Russert — along with other members of the fraternity who now lament his passing — was accepted by the owners .
He was safe for their purposes , not the sort of person to ask unsettling questions .
One major media source referred to him as " a towering figure in American journalism . "
If such words were intended to acknowledge only that Russert was held in high regard by fellow disseminators of what is to the interest of the establishment to have the public believe , it is probably correct .
If we are asked to believe , however , that he represented the kind of critical , journalistic inquiry that troubled the minds of the powerful , I strongly disagree .
I grew up with a great affection for what is now dismissed as " muck - raking " newspapers .
Recognizing the inherently dishonest and criminal nature of all of politics , I admired the journalists who preferred exposing the muck of the system to the moderns with their unexamined defense of establishment agendas .
Today , however , so much of the muck of politics is inextricably bound up with the interests of the corporate order that own the message machines .
Tim Russert ’s employer , NBC , is itself owned by General Electric , one of the largest defense contractors .
Shortly after the present war against Iraq had begun , one of NBC ’s reporters , Peter Arnett , publicly stated that the American military ’s " first plan has failed because of Iraqi resistance .
Now they are trying to write another plan . "
While this proved to be a true and accurate statement — for which one would think a journalist would be rewarded — NBC fired Arnett .
If the conduct of a war is highly profitable to a company that happens to be the owner of a message machine , do you think its owners will tolerate any expressions of doubt as to the wisdom of that war ?
Do you think that the treatment of Arnett — as well as that experienced by a few elsewhere employed journalists who were fired for daring to step outside the lines of employer - permitted reporting — sent a message to Russert and his colleagues ?
Is it only coincidence that a lengthy interviewed eulogy of Russert was delivered by Jack Welch — former chairman of General Electric — on the Fox News channel — one of the principal propagandists for the Iraq war ?
Do you wonder why extensive praise of Russert was offered by Dick Cheney ?
A few years ago , I listened to a man talking about a New York Times reporter who had endured great danger in a hostile part of the world in order to get a story that his paper , for apparent " policy " reasons , chose not to publish , a decision the reporter reluctantly accepted .
The man speaking of this said " he [ the reporter ] will risk his life for a story , but he wo n’t risk his job . "
This is a debate most of us have had with ourselves , at one time or another , as a result of working for others .
Tim Russert may very well have gone through this calculation as to whether his self - interest would best be served by the enormous salaries , political influence , and social prestige associated with his position at NBC , versus the inner spiritual sense that drives unfettered truth - telling .
I believe I know how I would answer this question for myself , but I do understand how others might come to a different conclusion .
It is representative of the sharp division that exists between establishment , mainstream media journalists , and those who have opted for the joy and integrity that accompanies the hard work of digging out truth .
The likes of H.L. Mencken and Albert Jay Nock have their modern counterparts in a number of journalists and commentators who insist upon working outside the towers and chambers they are to investigate .
Such people would consider it a slur upon a noble profession to be " embedded " with generals and admirals or Daddy Warbucks as sources upon which to depend for their writings .
Just a few of such people include ( in alphabetical order ) Becky Akers , Jim Bovard , Alexander Cockburn , Robert Fisk , Amy Goodman , Glenn Greenwald , Chris Hedges , Seymour Hersh , Bob Higgs , Chalmers Johnson , Karen Kwiatkowski , John Pilger , Justin Raimondo , Paul Craig Roberts , and Lew Rockwell .
Please let me know the next time you see any of these persons interviewed on NBC , ABC , CBS , CNN , Fox News , or elsewhere in the mainstream media !
At a time when newspapers and weekly news magazines are experiencing major circulation declines , and television news is losing viewers — all to the benefit of more free , open , and responsive Internet reporting — the mainstream media is struggling for its very existence .
There may be a metaphorical message in the untimely death of television news ’ most visible personage .
Like those who gather to celebrate the life and death of a friend , perhaps the mainstream media is using the memory of Tim Russert to celebrate its own life , which seems now to be in a terminal state .
The Best of Butler Shaffer
Today , we ’ll explore the differences between UltraSphinx and ThinkingSphinx and why we chose to switch to ThinkingSphinx .
We ’ve recently switched a number of projects to ThinkingSphinx here at Hashrocket .
These projects were originally using SOLR or UltraSphinx .
UltraSphinx is written by Evan Weaver .
ThinkingSphinx is written by Pat Allan .
They have some similarities : both use Sphinx ( obviously ) ; both are based on the underlying Ruby API for Sphinx , Riddle ( also by Pat Allan ) ; both have excellent documentation and well - written tutorials .
The similarities pretty much end there , however , and the differences are far more interesting .
Basic Sphinx Configuration
Both plugins help you generate a sphinx .
conf file for your each of your rails environments , but they do it in drastically different ways .
ThinkingSphinx lets you use a configuration format you are already used to at the expense of reduced configuration options .
UltraSphinx is more flexible but less Rubyish .
UltraSphinx
UltraSphinx generates the sphinx .conf file from a base configuration file .
This base file uses the sphinx configuration syntax , passing it through ERB for some DRYness .
A base file can be specified per-environment .
It puts all of its configuration information in RAILS_ROOT / config / ultrasphinx / .
This provides fine - grained - if rather tediously verbose - control over the multitude of Sphinx configuration options .
ThinkingSphinx
ThinkingSphinx uses a YAML configuration file that it locates at RAILS_ROOT / config/ sphinx.yml .
It accepts a YAML hash of configuration settings .
These settings allow you to specify most of the basic Sphinx configuration options with ease but you may be out of luck if the option you need is n’t available .
Basic Index Configuration
Let ’s start with a basic example of a sphinx index declaration .
Keep in mind that your indexes will likely be significantly more complex in the real world .
UltraSphinx
UltraSphinx uses a declarative is_indexed statement in the model that feels vaguely similar in style to an association or named scope declaration .
This is the usage example given in the README :
class Post is_indexed : fields => [ ' created_at ' , ' title ' , ' body ' ]
end
This seems simple enough for such a simple case .
We ’ll see how it looks for less trivial cases .
ThinkingSphinx
ThinkingSphinx , on the other hand , uses a define_index block in the model to allow the individual index configuration options to be stated declaratively .
The canonical example from UltraSphinx would look like this in ThinkingSphinx :
class
Post define_index do indexes created_at , title , body end end
The first thing you may notice is that the same index configuration is three lines in ThinkingSphinx instead of one in UltraSphinx .
If you look closely , you ’ll also see that the field names are not symbols as you might expect but method calls .
We ’ll get into why this is in a moment .
Real World Index Configuration
Your real world applications are likely to require a significantly more complex index declaration to meet the search needs of your users .
Let ’s look at an example of such a real world Sphinx index declaration .
UltraSphinx
Here ’s an example of a more realistic UltraSphinx index configuration .
This is the type of configuration you ’re likely to use on any non-trivial project .
class Post < ActiveRecord : : Base belongs_to : blog belongs_to : category is_indexed : conditions => " posts.state = ' published ' " , : fields => [ { : field => ' title ' , : sortable => true } , { : field => ' body ' } , { : field => ' cached_tag_list ' } ] , : include => [ { :association_name => " blog " , : field => " title " , : as => " blog " , : sortable => true } , { :association_name => " blog " , : field => " description " , : as => " blog_description " } , { :association_name => " category " , : field => " title " , : as => " category " , : sortable => true } ] end
This is about as pretty as it ’s going to get - and that ’s not very pretty .
Large , deeply nested hashes of arrays of hashes are not easily scannable and will become exponentially difficult to maintain as their size and complexity increases .
ThinkingSphinx
Let ’s look at that same example translated to ThinkingSphinx .
class Post < ActiveRecord : : Base belongs_to : blog belongs_to : category define_index do indexes title , : sortable => true indexes body , cached_tag_list indexes blog .
description , : as => : blog_description indexes blog .
title , : as => : blog , : sortable => true indexes category .
title , : as => : category , : sortable => true where " posts.state = ' published ' " end end
Not only did the number of lines decrease , the readability is far greater .
I know which one I ’d rather write .
More importantly , I know which one I ’d rather have to maintain weeks or months downline when it needs to be modified .
Notice that the declarations use methods rather than symbols .
ThinkingSphinx uses some interesting metaprogramming to allow this .
Notice also that indexed fields on associations are specified in the same way you would access that field .
Simple .
Sphinx Rake Tasks
Both UltraSphinx and ThinkingSphinx provide a number of rake tasks for common sphinx tasks such as generating the configuration file ; generating the index ; and starting , stopping , and restarting the searchd daemon .
Both provide abbreviations for the more common task , such as ts :in for thinking_sphinx : index or us : conf for ultrasphinx : configure .
Deployment and Configuration Management
Both UltraSphinx and ThinkingSphinx are pretty simple to deploy .
You should symlink your configuration file from a shared location into your app ’s path after deployment , just as you probably do for your database .
yml file .
You will probably want to run the configuration task after you update the code .
Here , for instance , is a Capistrano task to run your ThinkingSphinx configuration task :
namespace : sphinx do desc " Generate the ThinkingSphinx configuration file " task : configure do run " cd #{ release_path } && rake thinking_sphinx : configure " end end
You ’ll want to have this task run after each deployment :
after " deploy:update_code " , " sphinx : configure "
You can create other tasks relatively easily for reindexing and managing the searchd daemon .
I found a good guide to deploying a rails app with ThinkingSphinx linked from Pat Allan ’s blog .
I found a useful set of UltraSphinx capistrano tasks in Ruberion ’s server tools plugin on Github .
If you chose to host with EngineYard , they can manage either configuration for you with their pre-baked builds and deploy tasks .
Real World Experience
We ran into a number of issues when setting up UltraSphinx :
UltraSphinx loads your models without loading the full rails environment .
This means that if your models depend on any of your lib files or any gems frozen in vendor / gems , you will have to require all of these files explicitly in each model .
This is a pain .
The fundamentally sound design and code of UltraSphinx are somewhat undermined by poorly implemented exception handling .
This means that while most of the time things work swimmingly , when they fail you ’re really sunk !
The errors that you receive are often useless in diagnosing the actual problem .
We had bugs in our index that only existed on our staging and production slices .
These caused page counts to be incorrect and nil records to be returned in certain cases .
In certain cases it also caused 5 xx errors .
Moving To ThinkingSphinx
After another Hashrocket team had success moving their project from SOLR to ThinkingSphinx , I decided to move our project as well .
Moving to ThinkingSphinx proved to be a relatively painless experience .
The process was essentially five - fold :
Social Distancing Spectacular !
This year , the global pandemic prevented us from having the marathon as we had hoped , but we 've come up with something spectacular !
The Mario Marathon : Social Distancing Spectacular is a reboot of sorts , going all the way back to the original Mario Marathon , only this time Brian will try to tackle that initial line up of seven games in solo mode ( perhaps with a bit of help from Caden and Shanna ) while the Mario Marathon crew brings their normal antics in a shared video stream !
Prices of existing US single - family homes extended their slump in February , with 17 of the 20 measured regions posting record annual declines , according to the Standard & Poor 's / Case Shiller home price index Tuesday .
( Video : Discussing the results of the latest survey )
The composite month - over - month index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 2.6 percent to 175.94 in February from January , for an annual drop of 12.7 percent .
S&P said its composite month - over - month index of 10 metro areas slid 2.8 percent in February to 190.58 , for an record annual decline of 13.6 percent .
Eight of the top 20 metro areas , as well as both composite measures had their biggest monthly declines in February , S&P said in the release .
The pace of the monthly drop accelerated in February , with the 20 - city index sliding 2.4 percent and the 10 - city index falling 2.3 percent in January .
" There is no sign of a bottom in the numbers , " David Blitzer , chairman of the index committee at S&P , said in a press release .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Some remarkable footage of a flying fish has been captured by a TV crew filming off the southern tip of Japan .
It is claimed to be one of the longest recorded flights of this acrobatic animal .
The fish was completely airborne for 45 seconds .
This beats one previous , impressive report from an American researcher in the 1920s of 42 seconds .
The animal is seen travelling parallel to a ferry , which itself is motoring at about 30 km / hour ( 20 mph ) .
The fish was able to continue flying by occasionally beating the surface of the water with its tail fin .
The footage was shot by an NHK crew as it travelled to Yakushima Island .
According to Junji Yonezawa , at the Center for Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries on Outlying Islands , the animal 's flight - time of 45 seconds must be close to its physical limit , as brachial respiration is impossible while moving through the air .
There are some 40 species of " flying fish " in the family known as Exocoetidae .
The animals are found worldwide in warmer waters .
Their flight ability comes from a glide rather than a powered flapping .
Once the tests are completed , competitors will sit in their hotel rooms , with their legs up , surfing the Internet , reading , watching television and moving as little as possible .
Their training has been done and now they simply rest , eat and ride their bikes without intensity .
They can only harm their fitness by tiring themselves out .
In the last two months , I have been training and racing with my Team Columbia teammates as they prepared for the Tour de France .
As the spring faded in late May and the summer sun began burning the lush Catalan countryside around Girona , our rides intensified as we began climbing into the high Pyrenees often riding tightly in the draft of a scooter to simulate the speeds of a race .
Training is about race simulation ; we ride routes similar to those we will be racing , adding intervals of intense , heart rate elevating bursts over specific periods of time or distances .
During the intervals , we push our bodies close to the maximum , to where we can feel the pain we will feel in a race .
When I was a child , my grandfather scolded my mother for allowing me to push myself to exhaustion on a bike .
Once , as I sat on a curb on the other side of the finish line , unable to speak , breathing hard and seeing stars because of low blood - sugar levels , he said it was inhumane that she allowed me to get my heart rate so high and called my panting unhealthy .
To me , it was natural .
It was what cyclists , did and riding was my passion .
Now , as a professional , my job is suffering .
Image Michael Barry , left , in the 2003 Vuelta a España , writes about the importance of training .
Credit ...
Franck Fife / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
To monitor our efforts , clamped to our handlebars are small computers that measure all of the essential parameters , at least for a cyclist : time , the power output of our legs measured in watts , speed , distance , and heart rate .
The daily training sessions last from three to seven hours , we ride over several 5 to 20 kilometer - long mountain passes and cover between 90 and 200 kilometers in total .
The distances are often less than some days in the Tour .
But the time on the bike is similar because the draft created by a pack of nearly 200 means that it moves much faster than a small group of riders .
Way back when , I wrote about how to do Dirt Simple RCSS in Rails .
Now that Rails 2.0 is upon us , it 's time to get even simpler .
With all the restful magic in Rails 2.0 , you can get even simpler than dirt .
Let 's assume you have a restful User resource .
You 've got your " map.resources " in routes.rb , a typical User model , and a Users controller with standard views like index and show .
Now you want to generate user - specific css based on state in the user model .
1 ) Create a view template called " show.css.erb " .
For example :
p { color : <%= @user.color %> ; }
2 ) Add a css format option to the respond_to block in the show action of the UsersController .
You only need the default behavior for the css format , since all you need to do is render the view .
def show @user = User.find ( params [ : id ] ) respond_to do |format| format.
html format.css end end
You can see the dynamically generated css at a url like / users / 1.css in your browser .
Here 's how to use the stylesheet in a view , assuming you 've set up a @user object :
<%= stylesheet_link_tag formatted_user_path(@user , " css " ) %>
Told you it was simple .
Note : Geoffrey " topfunky " Grosenbach also has a good article on dynamic CSS , which includes a nice screencast as well .
America 's automobile industry may be facing the biggest turnaround challenge in its history , a problem punctuated Tuesday as the carmakers released monthly sales results .
Times were tough enough in Detroit before gasoline hit $ 4 per gallon , but in the past two months the outlook has taken a turn for the worse .
Shares of General Motors are trading at prices last seen in the 1950s , their value cut in half in just eight weeks .
Ford and Chrysler are in even worse shape , analysts say .
The sobering implication : The Big Three may have to become the Big Two , and even survivors will have a tough road ahead .
Bankruptcy is not a near - term threat , but the three carmakers are fast burning through cash reserves .
And while government assistance – or perhaps an energy policy that supports new automotive technologies – could become a lifeline , it can't substitute for the hard work of transforming product lines .
" The rate of cash usage is alarming , " says Gregg Lemos Stein , an auto analyst at Standard & Poor 's in New York , which has put all three carmakers on " credit watch " to review the default risk on their debts .
" They 've never been lower than this , " he adds , referring to S&P 's current B rating on their debt .
The current debt ratings place the Detroit automakers in what 's known as " junk bond " status , below the typical quality range known as investment grade .
The good news : Bankruptcy or default is n't an imminent risk , Mr. Lemos Stein says , because the companies headed into this crisis with cash on hand .
But the credit watch , in place as of June 20 , means that analysts are concerned about a deteriorating outlook .
" We believe all three companies currently have ample liquidity for at least the rest of 2008 as measured by cash balances , available bank facilities , and … unencumbered assets " that could be sold , S&P analysts said in their recent report .
The cash - flow problem could reach " undesirable " levels by the second half of next year , they said .
The Big Three have been under growing pressure for years .
And in the early 1980s , they faced a similar crisis in which surging gasoline prices prompted a consumer shift toward smaller vehicles , even as a recession hammered sales .
In that era , the federal government bailed out Chrysler with a low - interest loan , and the company recovered by opening a large market for minivans as a family vehicle .
Now , the companies again face a recessionary sales climate , and a consumer shift away from large sport utility vehicles and pickups .
Only now , the Big Three are much smaller than they used to be , as a share of the US market .
" We 're past the point of a minivan rescuing a company , " says Peter Morici , a University of Maryland economist who follows the industry .
" We 're getting to the point with Ford and Chrysler where , if they get any smaller , they may not be viable …
My guess is that one of these two companies will have to go away . "
GM has the advantage of being the largest of the three , in the range of its product lines and in global sales .
But its struggles are evident in its stock price : A shareholder who bought in the 1950s would have lost lots of money , after inflation is factored in .
On Tuesday , auto companies reported a sharp slowdown in sales compared with a year ago .
GM sold nearly 17 percent fewer vehicles in the first half of the year than in the first half of 2007 .
Ford 's six - month sales volume was down 14 percent .
And its June volume was 28 percent lower than the prior June .
A weak economy and rising energy costs have led consumers to postpone big purchases .
Even before the current slump deepened , rising competition was pushing all three carmakers to cut workers , close factories , and streamline the number of products for sale .
The problems include high labor costs and what analysts say was a failure to be ready with new products as gasoline prices began rising several years ago .
Now executives in Detroit are coming to the conclusion that , in a world of rising demand for energy , high fuel prices are probably here to stay .
" The culture within these car companies did n't inspire long - term planning and alternative business plans , " says Karl Brauer , editor in chief at Edmunds.com , a supplier of automotive information .
An agreement reached last year with the United Auto Workers union means that labor costs will be coming under better control .
Starting in 2010 , the burden of retiree healthcare shifts from the employers to a union - administered trust .
That could save GM $ 3 billion a year , for example .
The companies have a range of other options to make ends meet : selling assets , cutting dividends , borrowing more ( Chrysler recently tapped a $ 2 billion credit line ) , and trying to find deep - pocket investors who believe in a turnaround .
Washington may also provide some help , though not necessarily with a direct bailout .
The oil spike will make energy policy , including higher - mileage automobiles , a priority for whoever wins the White House .
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama has proposed helping with the carmakers ' healthcare tab in exchange for new efforts in developing clean cars .
And Republican candidate John McCain recently proposed a $ 300 million prize for whoever comes up with a leapfrog improvement in electric car batteries .
Ultimately , the survivors will need to find a way to put endless restructurings behind them .
" The challenge and the elusive goal has been stabilizing market share , " Lemos Stein says .
It says : " We will make clear that it is a private arrangement where e.g. parents X and Y arrange to take it in turns to pick up their own and the other 's children , and so not subject to the scheme 's requirements .
Camila Knudsen ( not her real name ) does n’t like to recall how her world began changing when she was 14 .
Background sounds in her suburban neighborhood — lawn mowers , planes , barking dogs — intermingled in a deafening buzz .
The cacophony made it hard for her to hear what people were saying or to respond sensibly .
“ My mind was a blank , ” she recalls .
“ Sometimes I felt like I could n’t see or hear anything .
I ’d walk past someone and if they were laughing , I felt like they were laughing at me . ”
Exhausted , Camila holed up in her room at home and avoided her friends .
She would n’t shower , and she spent much of her time staring into space .
Her father remembers how on 9/11 he and Camila watched television together as a plane flew into the second tower of the World Trade Center .
Camila did n’t so much as bat an eye when the building burst into flames .
“ It was as if she had n’t seen it , ” he says .
“ She had such a hard time speaking ; it was almost to the point that she was catatonic . ”
Alarmed by their daughter ’s behavior , Camila ’s parents began looking for help .
But local psychiatrists were booked solid , some of them for the next six months .
Meanwhile , her downward spiral accelerated .
Then a pediatrician referred the Knudsens to William McFarlane , a psychiatrist in Portland , Maine , who had recently launched an experimental treatment program for early - stage mental illness .
McFarlane championed a radical view that psychotic illnesses , including schizophrenia , can be prevented by treatment if caught early enough .
His program , Portland Identification and Early Referral , or PIER , was a groundbreaking effort to find and treat patients showing early warning signs of psychosis .
Camila was accepted in September 2001 on the day she was assessed .
The PIER staff believed that her symptoms , coupled with a history of schizophrenia on both sides of the family , put her at high risk for a full - blown psychotic break with reality .
Quick intervention was crucial , McFarlane and his staff stressed , to prevent the onset of major hallucinations , delusions , and paranoia .
Should Camila become psychotic even once , the lingering effects on her brain could diminish chances for recovery .
One of the most crippling features of schizophrenia is that if delusional thinking is left unchecked , it takes over , robbing patients of the ability to recognize — and seek treatment for — their illness .
Losing touch with reality puts schizophrenic patients at high risk of job loss , illness , homelessness , and suicide .
The Knudsens began PIER ’s recommended treatment , a novel mix of psychotherapy and medication .
Camila stuck with the program for four years and her symptoms subsided , slowly at first , but steadily .
“ You could n’t tell she has a mental illness now if you tried , ” her father says .
“ She ’s going to be a productive member of society . ”
By taking schizophrenia prevention to the community , McFarlane is charting a bold new course .
With nearly $ 15 million in new funding from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation — a longtime PIER supporter — his program has been broadened from Portland to four additional sites nationwide ( Sacramento , California ; Ypsilanti , Michigan ; Salem , Oregon ; and Glen Oaks , New York ) , embracing a combined population of more than 1 million people .
Similar programs are ongoing in other countries , notably Australia , Denmark , Canada , England , and Germany .
McFarlane ’s program is by far the largest effort in the United States to prevent psychosis .
Through PIER ’s efforts , McFarlane seems to have kept dozens of patients who once teetered on the edge of psychosis from falling into its grip .
Some within the medical community , however , regard the preventive approach as promising but still in the experimental stage .
Researchers are far from a complete understanding of what causes schizophrenia and how it affects the brain , and some psychiatrists contend that treating a patient for a disease not yet manifest is a clear violation of a basic tenet of medicine : to do no harm .
But others support McFarlane in his efforts to block the onset of an illness so disabling that it can make a patient want to take his or her own life .
“ I do n’t know that we have a way to prevent psychosis yet because we do n’t have a clear understanding of what causes it , ” says psychiatrist E. Fuller Torrey , executive director of the Stanley Medical Research Institute in Chevy Chase , Maryland .
“ But is it worth it to try ?
I ’d say the answer is yes . ”
With his treatment model expanding nationally , McFarlane hopes to show conclusively that his approach is indeed viable .
One controversial feature of his program — which might more accurately be termed intervention than prevention — involves offering antipsychotic medication when only the warning signs of schizophrenia and other psychotic illnesses , such as altered perception and paranoia , are present .
“ We have every reason to be cautious , ” McFarlane says .
“ But our experience has been that so many of these kids are on the verge of psychosis that we do n’t have the time or luxury to try other things .
I ’m a great proponent of psychosocial interventions , ” such as counseling , family psychoeducation , and community support , “ but none of them works very fast .
What I wish we knew is whether there is a subgroup that might be stable long enough for the psychosocial treatments alone to take effect .
But that ’s a tricky race , and not one you want to lose .
“ Our kids keep getting better and better , ” McFarlane says .
“ Our experience has been that after a couple of years , they do n’t need a lot more support . ”
A bearded , professorial figure , McFarlane has long been on the leading edge of advancements in the psychiatric understanding of schizophrenia .
In the 1970s , after completing a residency in psychiatry and a two - year fellowship at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine that focused on family therapy with severely psychotic patients , he began working at a mental health clinic in the South Bronx .
But he found that family therapy often made patients worse .
It failed , he says , because its methods were based on a now antiquated view that dysfunctional families caused psychosis .
“ The entire enterprise of family therapy was based on the notion that dysfunctional families brought about the onset of schizophrenia , ” he says .
“ There was n’t any real science behind that idea , but it was widely accepted and taught .
And it turned out to be 180 degrees wrong . ”
Toward the end of the 1970s , psychotherapists led by Carol Anderson at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center launched a movement to rethink that approach .
They began by stressing the long - standing evidence for schizophrenia ’s biological roots , believing that the more the disease was understood by families , the less fearful it would seem .
With a new talk therapy that they called psycho­education , Anderson and her colleagues urged family members to temper their expectations of improvement , which had been found to stress patients and slow their progress .
The best results , families were told , would come from low - key , convalescing interactions , which would allow patients to recover naturally from the shock of a psychotic episode .
Even sudden noises and unanticipated changes in routine were to be avoided .
Helping families learn how to direct their responses to the illness , rather than to the person suffering from it , is difficult , McFarlane says .
But once they understood the process , they were relieved they could participate in the patient ’s recovery .
McFarlane added his own twist by bringing families together in small groups .
To his delight , he found that they bonded quickly in helpful ways .
Patients treated in multifamily groups were more likely to stick with medication , he found , and within a few months , even the sickest among them were no longer psychotic .
Research during the late 1980s began showing that the sooner after a psychotic break patients were treated , the better they did .
Symptoms were fewer and less intense .
Often the symptoms could be controlled with a lower dose of medication than that used to treat full - blown psychosis .
Patients also had less evidence of the loss of brain tissue , a key characteristic of the disease .
“ This really captured the field ’s imagination , ” says Jeffrey Lieberman , who chairs the department of psychiatry at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons and directs the New York State Psychiatric Institute .
“ Until then , we figured there was n’t any real rush to treat .
As long as patients were n’t hurting themselves or others , it would n’t matter if we treated them now or later .
But when we recognized that treatments had to be fast , this created an urgency to find people with psychotic illness and to get them on medication quickly . ”
With psychiatry turning to “ first - episode ” patients , those who had only recently suffered a psychotic break , McFarlane wondered if treating patients before psychosis even occurred might prevent schizophrenia altogether .
He was n’t alone in asking .
In 1984 the late Ian Falloon , professor of psychiatry at the Auckland Medical Center in New Zealand , created a model mental health service in Buckingham and Winslow , two small towns northwest of London , to identify and treat high - risk patients in the community .
Care­givers offered a range of supports , including family psychoeducation , home - based stress - management resources , and low doses of antipsychotic drugs .
When the study wrapped up four years later , Falloon found that the incidence of schizophrenia in the treatment zones was one - tenth of what it had been a decade earlier .
The program was not a controlled study , however , so there may have been other factors contributing to the decline .
By this time , McFarlane had perfected his own psychosocial technique at Columbia ’s College of Physicians and Surgeons .
There he came to find that multifamily therapy in schizophrenia worked best when combined with support from social workers , nurses , and psychiatrists to help patients find employment and housing so they could live independently .
Using this approach , McFarlane claims he was able to halve rates of psychotic relapse and double employment , even among the sickest patients .
In 1992 McFarlane moved to the Maine Medical Center to become chief of the department of psychiatry .
He also began consulting on a large first - episode treatment program in four cities in Norway and Denmark , applying insights from earlier studies that had convinced him that combining multifamily psychoeducation , social services , and low - dose anti­psychotics could prevent relapse among young , first - episode patients .
The chance to apply that method with at - risk patients finally came in 1997 .
Aiming to replicate his success in Scandinavia , McFarlane set up a small first - episode pilot program in Portland .
Within a few months he started getting referrals for patients who seemed on the verge of psychosis — he calls them “ prodromal , ” showing early symptoms and signs of a disease — so he decided to add them to the first - episode group .
Over the following months , almost none of the handful of at - risk patients converted to psychosis .
“ It all went incredibly well , ” he says .
“ So we thought , ‘ Well , this is worth doing , ’ and at that point , we started looking for funding to develop a formal team dedicated to prodromal patients . ”
Just as McFarlane ’s preventive program was getting under way , Thomas McGlashan , a psychiatrist from Yale School of Medicine , was facing fierce opposition to his plan to try out the anti­psychotic olanzapine as a preventive treatment .
Attacked by critics who insisted it was n’t ethical to use the drug on young patients who were n’t yet psychotic , McGlashan says he supplied “ about 200 pounds ” of supporting documentation to the federal Office for Human Research Protections before he got a green light to continue .
McFarlane says that his program , too , faced strict ethical review from both the Maine Medical Center and the National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) .
The difference , he believes , is that PIER fostered local support by engaging consumer advocacy organizations and safeguarding patient privacy .
Because of the stigma surrounding mental illness , McFarlane says , confidentiality is crucial .
“ It ’s a big issue that ’s important to the success of the program , and we bend over backward to protect the privacy and confidentiality of these young people . ”
The PIER program relies on community networks to flag vulnerable patients and bring them in for treatment .
Clinicians , social workers , teachers , and others who routinely work with young people are taught to recognize schizophrenia ’s early warning signs , which include paranoia , disorganized thought , fleeting hallucinations , social alienation , and a sudden loss of interest in activities .
Admission to the program starts with a phone interview .
Nearly 60 percent of those who move past that initial screening to a diagnostic assessment in person are accepted and supplied with a two - to four - year treatment regimen for free .
The approach employs a mix of psychosocial measures aimed at limiting the patient ’s emotional stress load .
Precisely how such stress can lead to a psychotic break is n’t understood , but scientists do know schizophrenia has complex genetic and environmental components .
Since the inherited risk is based in family genetics and is therefore beyond clinical reach , McFarlane relies on multifamily group therapy and social supports at school and at work to protect vulnerable patients from environmental triggers — illicit drugs and emotional stress in particular — that might send them over the edge .
Over time , most patients learn how to manage their condition , just as patients with chronic diseases such as diabetes learn to monitor symptoms and medications .
McFarlane describes the case of one patient who felt her symptoms returning after a weekend party .
At school on Monday , the young woman noticed that “ things seemed strange , ” he says .
“ Noises were disturbing her , lights seemed too bright , and she began to worry she was slipping .
So she gave us a call , and we told her to take it easy for a few days ; we reminded her to take her medication and to get enough sleep , to reduce her stress load below normal .
And she did that , and those symptoms started to diminish .
So she realized she could use those symptoms as a marker or indicator , almost the way a diabetic might look at blood sugar . ”
In this multipronged approach , only the early use of medication worries McFarlane ’s skeptics .
Antipsychotics , particularly drugs like olanzapine ( marketed as Zyprexa ) , have severe metabolic side effects , which include weight gain and other changes that heighten the risk of diabetes .
Long - term use of all antipsychotics can also cause uncontrollable movements known as tardive dyskinesia .
The newest antipsychotics , including aripiprazole ( Abilify ) , appear to have far less metabolic risk .
Camila , who gained weight on Zyprexa , says she has lost it on Abilify .
Still , many psychiatrists insist antipsychotics should n’t be given without a confirmed diagnosis of a psychotic disorder .
“ We just do n’t know enough yet about the risks and benefits of antipsychotics , particularly in children and adolescents , ” warns Diana Perkins , a psychiatrist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
“ My concern is that using them for prevention is premature . ”
Perkins points out that antipsychotics block dopamine receptors in the brain , which can also have the effect of depressing estrogen and testosterone levels .
Whether that has any impact on development is n’t known .
“ What little data we have suggest sexual development might be altered , but the evidence base for that assumption is weak , ” Perkins says .
The debate underscores how little is known about the biological origins and onset of schizophrenia itself , as well as how best to treat its early stages .
McFarlane ’s approach raises two basic questions .
The first is whether a set of symptoms can reliably predict the onset of full - blown psychosis .
Some scientists use the term prodromal to describe someone who seems headed toward the disorder , but the medical community has not yet formally accepted this as a diagnosable , treatable condition .
Symptoms considered prodromal ( the term comes from the Greek for “ running ahead ” ) vary from patient to patient .
Camila displayed some classic prodromal indicators :
An otherwise healthy kid , she was suddenly victimized by minor hallucinations and paranoia and withdrew from social interaction .
But schizophrenia often strikes during adolescence , a time when — as any parent knows — bizarre behaviors are all too common .
Research released just this past January delivered the most recent evidence that prediction of psychosis is possible .
According to a nationwide study of 291 patients coordinated by the NIMH , prodromal symptoms predict the onset of psychosis 35 percent of the time , which is comparable with the prediction rate for type 2 diabetes .
But Robert Heinssen , who is chief of the Adult Treatment and Preventive Intervention Research Branch at the NIMH and who led the study , claims that prodromal symptoms , when considered in the context of a full medical history , can produce a much more accurate prediction .
“ We found it can soar to 81 percent if additional features are present , like a family history of psychotic illness , odd or weird thoughts , and severe social deficits , such as having no friends or withdrawing from contact with others , ” he says .
The second question is whether antipsychotic medication is an appropriate treatment for preventing the onset of psychosis .
While Perkins expresses concerns about the risk of the drugs , Cameron Carter , a psychiatrist and brain researcher at the University of California at Davis , sees the problem differently .
If doctors can foretell schizophrenia , he says , then the benefits of preventive drug treatment outweigh the risks of side effects .
“ It ’s likely the side effects would be far less damaging than the psychosis itself , ” he says .
McFarlane has not published any results from his program , and other data relating to antipsychotics in prevention are not definitive .
McGlashan ’s clinical trial with olanzapine to prevent psychosis remains the only one yet to investigate antipsychotics as the sole intervention .
Conducted from 1999 to 2004 in a population of 60 patients ( 29 treated and 31 controls ) , that study produced statistically inconclusive results , in part because too many drug - treated patients dropped out complaining of weight gain .
An earlier study performed in 2002 by Patrick McGorry , from the University of Melbourne in Australia , found that an antipsychotic called risperidone plus psycho­therapy was more effective at preventing psychosis than supportive care alone .
After his six - month trial ended , however , several patients in the treatment group became psychotic , raising the question of whether the treatment was preventing schizophrenia or simply controlling its symptoms .
During interviews for this article , neither McGlashan nor McGorry backed the use of antipsychotics in prevention outside of clinical trials .
Likewise , Heinssen says that “ current evidence does not support the use of antipsychotic medications as a prevention strategy in at - risk individuals . ”
Heinssen adds that NIMH is not preparing any clinical trials to investigate the preventive use of anti­psychotic medication .
The research effort he directs focuses on entirely new compounds that might slow the loss of brain cell connections , which may play a role in schizophrenia biology .
McFarlane continues to collect data on PIER patients , but he says that of the more than 100 patients treated by PIER in Maine so far , less than 10 percent have developed a major psychosis , compared with 30 to 40 percent who may have converted without treatment .
If true , those results represent many lives saved from the devastation of severe mental illness .
“ What we hope is that the benefits of treatment will be lifelong , ” McFarlane says .
“ We do n’t have any empirical evidence to support that yet , but what we ’ve seen is that young people who still have n’t converted to psychosis after about three years of our treatment do n’t seem to be at much risk .
As to when or if they can go off medication , that ’s hard to say .
I think many of our patients do n’t feel a need to stop ; they certainly do n’t feel oppressed by it .
At a certain point it becomes a personal choice . ”
The debate underscores how little is known about the biological origins and onset of schizophrenia itself , as well as how best to treat its early stages .
At the moment , the most powerful evidence for PIER may lie in the stories of its participants .
Josef Bruno ( not his real name ) showed up at the age of 18 after struggling for years with a nonverbal learning disorder , multiple psychiatric hospitalizations for anxiety , and a growing sense that he was disconnecting from himself .
Treating him has not been easy .
He requires numerous medications , frequent contact with clinicians and social workers , and lots of caring attention from his parents .
Yet two years into the program , he has made important strides :
His mental state has improved , and he is living independently for the first time , sharing an apartment with a roommate .
What ’s more , he has a job at a convenience store and aspirations to go to college .
Camila and her family stuck with PIER for the four - year treatment program , which ended formally in 2005 , and still keep in touch with counselors there .
Though her improvement was steady , Camila ’s treatment posed its own challenges .
Her mother admits she was overprotective and too involved in her daughter ’s illness .
It was hard to back off and give Camila space to recover , she says .
Her father admits to being frustrated by how Camila ’s condition made parenting more complicated .
“ Sometimes it felt like she was manipulating us , ” he says with a chuckle .
“ And that was difficult because we did n’t know if what we were dealing with was part of the illness , or just her being an adolescent . ”
Meanwhile , Camila ’s health still hinges on antipsychotic medication .
In the summer of 2007 she went off the drugs for a spell and her strange feelings returned .
She says the medication does n’t bother her , though .
“ Sometimes I feel so good , I just forget about it and do n’t think I need it , ” Camila explains .
“ But then I start to go downhill . ”
Camila ’s reliance on antipsychotics does raise a couple of issues .
On the one hand , it shows that the threat of psychosis has n’t really been removed , it ’s just been held in check .
While McFarlane suggests that over time , some patients may be able to go off medications , he acknowledges that PIER has n’t developed a plan for managing that process .
On the other hand , PIER ’s intervention may have given Camila a chance to lead a normal life .
Without the medications she might have plummeted toward full - blown schizophrenia , a life - threatening outcome with tremendous costs to society .
Indeed , by limiting the debate to whether PIER does or does n’t prevent schizophrenia , it ’s possible to miss a larger point , namely , that most of the patients enter the program because they are in serious need of help , without which they could succumb to psychosis , violence , or suicide .
According to Anthony Lehman , chairman of psychiatry at the University of Maryland School of Medicine , “ The real value here is that the program is bolstering public awareness about prodromal symptoms , and it ’s providing venues for kids and their families who have these problems to get help . ”
Researchers hope that a risk - free way of blocking psychosis is around the bend .
Recent imaging studies — some by neuroscientist Tyrone Cannon , from the University of California at Los Angeles — are providing clues to schizophrenia ’s underlying pathology .
These studies suggest that prodromal symptoms emerge from a progressive loss of synapses in the brain .
“ It ’s not that whole brain cells are lost , as is the case with Alzheimer ’s disease , ” Cannon explains .
“ It ’s the elements that brain cells use to communicate with each other that are lost . ”
This hypothesis might help explain why prodromal symptoms occur :
As connections between neurons dwindle , prodromal patients might lose , for example , the ability to filter out irrelevant sensations , which then flood the brain without any processing .
That may be why Camila could n’t deal with everyday sounds ; they just came at her in a wave that would ordinarily have been picked apart and filed : a barking dog here , a car engine there .
Ideally , Heinssen says , research can lead to ways to protect the prodromal brain .
The methods might include drugs to slow the loss of connections between neurons , as well as cognitive and behavioral therapies designed to strengthen imperfect circuits .
“ That is how we see prevention unfolding , ” he says .
“ We want to combine neuro­imaging and cognitive assays with clinical symptoms to enhance prodromal diagnosis , identify neuroprotective agents to target underlying disease mechanisms in the brain , and develop behavioral and cognitive exercises that will increase the patient ’s ability to adapt . ”
Remarkably , two compounds that seem to exert these neuroprotective effects — both of them a focus of intense interest in schizophrenia research — are n’t sophisticated drugs but simple compounds found in nature .
Supplementing diets for three months with daily two - gram doses of fish oil , a source of omega 3 fatty acids , was shown in a forthcoming study by University of Melbourne researcher Paul Amminger to reduce conversion to psychosis among 81 high - risk patients .
Another promising compound , according to Scott Woods of Yale School of Medicine , is D - serine , an amino acid .
D - serine may boost the growth of synapses , he says , and has therefore attracted NIMH funding for clinical studies .
In the meantime , McFarlane treats patients with the imperfect tools science has supplied so far .
Of the need , there can be no doubt .
Schizophrenia afflicts roughly 1 percent of the population — some 2.4 million Americans — destroying personal relationships and setting up conditions for high rates of joblessness and drug addiction .
Untreated , many patients wind up homeless , incarcerated , or dead .
“ I think there will be an intervention based on a biological mechanism at some point in the future , ” McFarlane says .
“ We aim to have an identification system in place by then , and the treatments we can use in the meantime are good enough .
Schizophrenia is as devastating in my mind as cancer , maybe more because it typically strikes at earlier ages and wipes out someone ’s whole life .
So , yes , we ’re trying to forge ahead with a public health intervention , even if we do n’t have the best possible treatments .
I think it ’s silly to wait .
Wait for what ? ”
Unfortunately , our website is currently unavailable in most European countries .
We are engaged on the issue and committed to looking at options that support our full range of digital offerings to the EU market .
We continue to identify technical compliance solutions that will provide all readers with our award - winning journalism .
As many of you ( especially those here in California ) are aware , there is a new law , effective yesterday ( July 1 ) requiring handsfree devices for anyone using a cellphone while driving .
I could offer plenty of libertarian arguments against this regulation , and I ’m sure we could all have a long debate about ownership of the roads and whether it makes sense .
But I saw something today that just made the point moot .
Driving around in traffic heavy San Diego , I saw a cop rolling down the street with a cell phone up to his ear , yapping away .
Had I had a cellphone camera , I would have snapped a shot of this , but unfortunately it happened too quickly for a reaction from me .
Apparently , what ’s good for the gander is not good for some specific geese .
Or , put more succinctly , some geese are more equal than others .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israel says it has launched an inquiry after an Israeli human rights group released footage that appears to show a soldier shoot a Palestinian detainee .
The video is blurred when the gun fires , but the Palestinian man says a rubber bullet hit his left big toe and he was treated by an army medic .
The Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) called the incident " grave " and in " direct contradiction " of the army 's values .
Rights group B'Tselem said the incident occurred on 7 July in the West Bank .
B'Tselem said the video clip showed a soldier firing a rubber - coated steel bullet , from close range , at a handcuffed and blindfolded Palestinian detainee .
It said the shooting took place in the presence of a lieutenant colonel , who was holding the Palestinian man 's arm when the shot was fired .
Investigation A 14 - year - old girl reportedly filmed the incident from the window of her home in the town of Nilin , which has been the scene of violent protests against Israel 's West Bank barrier .
I closed my eyes and I do n't remember anything .
It felt like my leg was gone
Ashraf Abu Rahman B'Tselem said it received the tape on Sunday and forwarded a copy to the Military Police Investigation Unit , demanding an inquiry .
The Palestinian , Ashraf Abu Rahman , was quoted by local media as saying : " During the demonstration the soldiers caught me , arrested me - and after a few moments I heard shots and felt a fire in my body .
I was afraid and did n't know what it was . "
" I closed my eyes and I do n't remember anything .
It felt like my leg was gone , " the 27 - year - old said .
In a statement quoted by the Jerusalem Post , the IDF said : " Military law forbids inflicting harm on detainees and obligates soldiers to show them respect and ensure their safety . "
The IDF said that , in accordance with its policy , the footage had been reviewed by a senior official , and an investigation was under way .
The Israeli government says the West Bank barrier is a security measure to stop suicide bombers , but critics say the structure is a calculated effort to annex occupied land .
Israel occupied the West Bank and Gaza Strip in the 1967 war .
It has settled hundreds of thousands of Israelis in the West Bank and keeps a large military presence there .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A DIYer from the Guangdong Province in eastern China has finally perfected his sub -$ 3000 home - built helicopter , taking it for a demonstration flight in what appears to his back yard .
A tinkerer since he dropped out of school in his teens , Chen Zhaorong has been working on this project for nearly 10 years , but only began flight attempts a few months ago .
The first attempts were neither successful nor fatal , ( a remarkable combo ) but this time around he not only got liftoff , but seemed to be in complete control .
And in control he was , piloting the buzzing death machine to a totally unnecessary height of over five stories .
His apparent skill is especially fortunate considering the close proximity of buildings , power lines and men on motorcycles , each of which poses its own interesting " will it blend " question .
The answer to all of them : Yes .
This video was secretly released by a friend of the builder , as he had been banned from flight by local officials after a near disaster mere weeks ago .
Advertisement
DIY helicopters are nothing new , but like that Chinese farmer 's poop - inducing flight on an even less together - looking craft , Zhaorong 's effort deserves special mention for its economy and shear nerviness . [ QQ ]
Here 's the only thing you have to know in advance .
Dwight Howard is the only member of this team who is not sponsored by Nike .
He wears adidas .
Now let 's play a quick game of " What 's Up ? "
1 . As loyal reader Michael Odio points out , Coach K is sitting .
When a team stands , a coach normally stands .
Why is this significant ?
Because Coach K's left foot just happens to be blocking the adidas logo on Dwight Howard 's left foot .
Intentional ?
2 . Then look at the height of the players .
Every player is in height order , with the exception of Dwight Howard and Chris Bosh .
Howard is listed at 6 - foot - 11 , while Bosh is listed at 6 - foot - 10 , but Bosh 's hair clearly trumps Howard .
What does this allow for ?
It gives Howard an excuse to hold the ball and be the only player to not have his hand behind his back .
This conveniently helps Howard cover the Nike logo on his shorts .
A Nike insider informs us that this shot was an artistic photo taken in Las Vegas and that there 's no conspiracy behind the posing of everything surrounding the team 's only adidas endorser .
By the way , the reason why some players do n't have the Swoosh on their shoes is because they wear other Nike brands : Chris Paul ( Jordan ) , Dwyane Wade ( Converse ) and Carmelo Anthony ( Jordan ) .
Questions ?
Comments ?
SportsBiz@cnbc.com
Soldier who fired in Naalin incident arrested
( VIDEO ) Criminal investigation launched against soldier caught on tape firing towards bound Palestinian .
Regarding late response to incident , military officials say that despite presence of officer at scene , investigation was launched only after tape was submitted
In a stunning development which fell with the silence of a feather yesterday , nine Republicans broke with their iron - fisted party to put country first , and voted to send Rep.
Dennis Kucinich 's article of impeachment HR 1345 to the Judiciary , where Chairman John Conyers will hold a hearings on abuses of power by the Bush administration , according to the Congressional Quaterly 's CQToday .
The final vote was : Yea 238 - Nay 180 .
The Nine Republicans are :
Congressman Kevin Brady ( TX )
Congressman Wayne Gilchrest ( MD )
Congressman Walter B. Jones ( NC )
Congressman Don Manzullo ( IL )
Congressman Tim Murphy ( PA )
Congressman Ron Paul ( TX )
Congressman Dave Reichert ( WA )
Congressman Christopher Shays ( CT )
Congressman Mike Turner ( OH )
One of the Republicans , Walter Jones , represents Camp LeJeune in North Carolina , one of the largest Marine bases in the country , and one which has borne heavily the sacrifice of the Iraq War .
CQ said of Conyers ' hearings :
The anticipated hearing would review more than a year of committee inquiry into such matters as the firing of U.S. attorneys , the leak of the identity of former CIA operative Valerie Plame and the information provided to Congress in the run-up to the Iraq War .
C reported on his recent talks in Washington .
There was a perceptible shift in attitude .
Military action was now seen as inevitable .
Bush wanted to remove Saddam , through military action , justified by the conjunction of terrorism and WMD .
But the intelligence and facts were being fixed around the policy .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
What makes a man ?
The question has been asked many a time through the ages with varied response .
“ Man is what he reads , ” contends poet Joseph Brodsky .
“ The character of a man is known from his conversations , ” argues Menander , the Greek dramatist .
While novelist Mark Twain claims , “ Clothes make the man , ” as “ Naked people have little or no influence on society . ”
To break it down to the basics , there are a few common traits that essentially make up the masculine gender .
Though roles vary slightly in each culture , there are certain vital characteristics that appear in almost every male .
Whatever the positive or negative manifestations of these may be , they are truly what make a man what he is .
1. Physical
Only a man who knows what it is like to be defeated can reach down to the bottom of his soul and come up with the extra ounce of power it takes to win when the match is even .
– Muhammad Ali
Whether competing for food , fighting hand to hand , or challenging each other in the sporting arena , mastery of one ’s own physical abilities is an important part of being a man .
The most primitive , yet still one of the most prominent traits , a man ’s physical capability affects everything from self - preservation to mating preferences .
The health and virility of a male make him an appealing candidate for partnership with the opposite sex , while his strength and stature still prove to be influential factors in both the social and business world .
2. Functional
“ Happy the man who , like Ulysses , has made a fine voyage , or has won the Golden Fleece , and then returns , experienced and knowledgeable , to spend the rest of his life among his family ! ” — Joachim du Bellay
Throughout time , a man ’s ability and desire to provide for those that depend on him has been central to his masculinity .
While utilizing a combination of physical ability , wit , savvy and ambition to succeed , his role as the breadwinner is what drives a man to achieve .
No matter the geographic location or social situation , men work primarily to feed and create an environment of comfort for their wife and family .
This is the commonly accepted role of the man within the social system and proves a formidable challenge that every man must accept .
3. Sexual
“ I have always thought that every woman should marry , and no man . ” — Benjamin Disraeli
When it comes to partnership , the man is perceived to be the less affected of the genders .
Traditionally , it has been more acceptable for a man to remain a bachelor later in life compared to a woman .
The desire for independence and freedom from the command of others is typically a masculine trait .
A man ’s role as the aggressor in finding a mate is frequently recognized in most cultures , leaving him to seek out and pursue his interest .
Although this sounds like an archaic and primeval practice , it is still a very large part of the courting process in modern society .
In fact , this image of man ’s independence has become so accepted , and even glorified in mainstream culture , that married men often feel compelled to follow this independence still .
So , before marrying , ensure that you recognize the challenges that will come your way no matter what , and that you both have a firm commitment to make it last .
4. Emotional
“ Feelings are not supposed to be logical .
Dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions . ”
– David Borenstein
The denial of ones emotions is ingrained in men from a very early age .
The phrase “ boys do n’t cry ” about sums it up .
Whatever his position , a man must manage without regard to the emotional effect that issues have on him .
The ability to suppress personal feelings enables men to maintain an objective view of the circumstance and carry on .
A man is then able to make rational decisions whether in a situation as small as an interpersonal debate or as catastrophic as a bloody battlefield .
That said , it is necessary and healthy for men to have someone that they can confide in – a mentor , a brother , a friend – and let the old guard down once in awhile so that stress is n’t bottled up to the point of exploding .
5. Intellectual
“ To me , being an intellectual does n’t mean knowing about intellectual issues ; it means taking pleasure in them . ”
– Chinua Achebe
Men are seen to rely on their intellectual capabilities rather than on emotion or intuition .
Utilization of reason and logic enable men to view situations objectively and thus respond to them in a rational way .
Only factual information is considered , while “ feelings ” are deemed unsuitable evidence on which to base decisions .
Education and the acquisition of knowledge are viewed as important factors in male development .
6. Interpersonal
“ A true man hates no one . ” – Napoleon Bonaparte
In interpersonal relationships , men are prone to adopt leadership roles and take the initiative to act on the other ’s behalf .
This can manifest itself negatively in the form of dominant behavior , by suppressing the will of others in the name of self - interest .
However , this leadership can also be utilitarian .
It is highly effective in the family model , as the father is able to establish order in the household .
Giving direction and acting as a disciplinarian are common functions of men as a result .
7. Other
“ The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion …
It is the man who carefully advances step by step , with his mind becoming wider and wider – and progressively better able to grasp any theme or situation – persevering in what he knows to be practical , and concentrating his thought upon it , who is bound to succeed in the greatest degree . ”
– Alexander Graham Bell
Among some of the other characteristics commonly attributed to men are ambition , pride , honor , competitiveness and a sense of adventure .
These are not necessarily the attributes possessed by the perfect man .
Rather , they are displayed to varying degrees , in one way or another , in most all men .
They may reveal themselves differently from man to man , as one may use his power and influence for selfish interests , while another will strive for the greater good .
Each man must assess his own strengths and weaknesses and find the best use for his vital characteristics .
Inspired by Janet Saltzman Chafetz
Written by Ross Crooks and Jason Lankow
Human Immunodeficiency Virus ( HIV ) researchers at The University of Texas Medical School at Houston believe they have uncovered the Achilles heel in the armor of the virus that continues to kill millions .
The weak spot is hidden in the HIV envelope protein gp120 .
This protein is essential for HIV attachment to host cells , which initiate infection and eventually lead to Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome or AIDS .
Normally the body 's immune defenses can ward off viruses by making proteins called antibodies that bind the virus .
However , HIV is a constantly changing and mutating virus , and the antibodies produced after infection do not control disease progression to AIDS .
For the same reason , no HIV preventative vaccine that stimulates production of protective antibodies is available .
The Achilles heel , a tiny stretch of amino acids numbered 421-433 on gp120 , is now under study as a target for therapeutic intervention .
Sudhir Paul , Ph.D. , pathology professor in the UT Medical School , said , " Unlike the changeable regions of its envelope , HIV needs at least one region that must remain constant to attach to cells .
If this region changes , HIV can not infect cells .
Equally important , HIV does not want this constant region to provoke the body 's defense system .
So , HIV uses the same constant cellular attachment site to silence B lymphocytes - the antibody producing cells .
The result is that the body is fooled into making abundant antibodies to the changeable regions of HIV but not to its cellular attachment site .
Immunologists call such regions superantigens .
HIV 's cleverness is unmatched .
No other virus uses this trick to evade the body 's defenses . "
Paul is the senior author on a paper about this theory in a June issue of the journal Autoimmunity Reviews .
Additional data supporting the theory are to be presented at the XVII International AIDS Conference Aug. 3 - 8 in Mexico City in two studies titled " Survivors of HIV infection produce potent , broadly neutralizing IgAs directed to the superantigenic region of the gp120 CD4 binding site " and " Prospective clinical utility and evolutionary implication of broadly neutralizing antibody fragments to HIV gp120 superantigenic epitope . "
First reported in the early 1980s , HIV has spread across the world , particularly in developing countries .
In 2007 , 33 million people were living with AIDS , according to a report by the World Health Organization and the United Nations .
Paul 's group has engineered antibodies with enzymatic activity , also known as abzymes , which can attack the Achilles heel of the virus in a precise way .
" The abzymes recognize essentially all of the diverse HIV forms found across the world .
This solves the problem of HIV changeability .
The next step is to confirm our theory in human clinical trials , " Paul said .
Unlike regular antibodies , abzymes degrade the virus permanently .
A single abzyme molecule inactivates thousands of virus particles .
Regular antibodies inactivate only one virus particle , and their anti-viral HIV effect is weaker .
" The work of Dr. Paul 's group is highly innovative .
They have identified antibodies that , instead of passively binding to the target molecule , are able to fragment it and destroy its function .
Their recent work indicates that naturally occurring catalytic antibodies , particularly those of the IgA subtype , may be useful in the treatment and prevention of HIV infection , " said Steven J. Norris , Ph.D. , holder of the Robert Greer Professorship in the Biomedical Sciences and vice chair for research in the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the UT Medical School at Houston .
The abzymes are derived from HIV negative people with the autoimmune disease lupus and a small number of HIV positive people who do not require treatment and do not get AIDS .
Stephanie Planque , lead author and UT Medical School at Houston graduate student , said , " We discovered that disturbed immunological events in lupus patients can generate abzymes to the Achilles heel of HIV .
The human genome has accumulated over millions of years of evolution a lot of viral fragments called endogenous retroviral sequences .
These endogenous retroviral sequences are overproduced in people with lupus , and an immune response to such a sequence that resembles the Achilles heel can explain the production of abzymes in lupus .
A small minority of HIV positive people also start producing the abzymes after decades of the infection .
The immune system in some people can cope with HIV after all . "
Carl Hanson , Ph.D. , who heads the Retrovirus Diagnostic Section of the Viral and Rickettsial Disease Laboratory of the California Department of Public Health , has shown that the abzymes neutralize infection of human blood cells by diverse strains of HIV from various parts of the world .
Human blood cells are the only cells that HIV infects .
" This is an entirely new finding .
It is a novel antibody that appears to be very effective in killing the HIV virus .
The main question now is if this can be applied to developing vaccine and possibly used as a microbicide to prevent sexual transmission , " said David C. Montefiori , Ph.D. , director of the Laboratory for AIDS Vaccine Research & Development at Duke University Medical Center .
The abzymes are now under development for HIV immunotherapy by infusion into blood .
They could also be used to guard against sexual HIV transmission as topical vaginal or rectal formulations .
" HIV is an international priority because we have no defense against it , " Paul said .
" Left unchecked , it will likely evolve into even more virulent forms .
We have learned a lot from this research about how to induce the production of the protective abzymes on demand .
This is the Holy Grail of HIV research -- development of a preventative HIV vaccine . "
Source : University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston
Jerusalem Gay Pride march
About 2,000 people took part in an annual Gay Pride parade in Jerusalem which passed off without major incident even though it had been the focus of violent controversy in the past .
" It takes such a long time and so much effort to become a teacher .
It is very difficult to understand that someone would waste all of that by such actions , " Sgt Christian said .
" It sounds like she has some serious issues to work through , but that will never excuse what she has done . "
In this photo released by Sernageomin - Onemi , Lava explodes from the Llaima volcano , one of Chile 's most active volcanoes , in Cherquenco , Chile , early Thursday , July 10 , 2008 .
The 9,400 - foot ( 3,120 - meter ) volcano grew more dangerous after activity had decreased in recent days .
( AP Photo / Sernageomin- Onemi )
Several volcanoes have erupted in the past few months - two in Chile ( Chaiten and Llaima ) and one in Alaska ( Okmok ) .
At any given time , approximately 20 to 50 volcanoes are active worldwide ( depending on the definition of " active " ) .
Collected here are photos of volcanic events from the the past several years , seen from many angles , including low Earth Orbit .
( 15 photos total
This image released by Alaska Volcano Observatory on Sunday July 13 , 2008 shows the Okmok Caldera in Alaska as viewed from an Alaska Airlines jet in early June , 2007 .
The 3,500 - foot Okmok Caldera , which consists of a 6 - mile - wide circular crater about 1,600 feet deep , erupted with little warning Saturday morning July 12 , 2008 , just hours after seismologists at the Alaska Volcano Center began detecting a series of small tremors .
( AP Photo / Alaska Volcano Observatory )
In an Image provided by NASA , the Terra satellite captured this image July 13 , 2008 , of the Okmok Caldera erupting on Umnak Island in Alaska .
Viewed through a break in the clouds , Both a steam plume , right , and an ash plume emanate from the volcano .
The blue - green color of the nearby ocean water may result from volcanic ashfall .
( AP Photo / NASA )
This photo of a plume of ash rising through a cloud layer over Chaiten , Chile was taken from aboard the International Space Station on May 5th , 2008 .
( Image Science and Analysis Laboratory , NASA - Johnson Space Center )
Army Staff Sgt. Edward Lee ( cq ) , left , and Army Staff Sgt. Tremaine Jackson ( cq ) , walk toward the shore of a small island in front of the Rabaul volcano , near Kokopo , Papua New Guinea on Sunday , April 13 , 2008 .
( Yoon S. Byun / Globe Staff )
The crew of the International Space Station observed Mt. Etna 's eruption on October 30th , 2002 .
This image and the one below are looking obliquely to the southeast over the island of Sicily .
( Image Science and Analysis Laboratory , NASA - Johnson Space Center )
The crew of the International Space Station observed Mt. Etna 's eruption on October 30th , 2002 .
The lighter - colored plumes downslope and north of the summit are produced by forest fires set by lava flowing into the pine forests on the slope of the mountain .
( Image Science and Analysis Laboratory , NASA - Johnson Space Center )
Alaska 's Mt Augustine viewed from aboard the M/V Maritime Maid on March 27 , 2006 ( Cyrus Read / AVO / USGS )
In this photo released by Intendencia Regional de Los Lagos , the Chaiten volcano erupts , near Chaiten , in southern Chile , Tuesday , June 17 , 2008 .
The volcano has regained strength with bursts of thick gas , seismic rumblings and the emergence of two new craters , authorities said on Friday , June 13 .
It erupted May 2 and has forced the evacuation of 4,500 residents form the nearby village of Chaiten .
The village has since been heavily damaged by the overflowing Blanco River , its water thickened by ash from the volcano .
( AP Photo / Christian Brown , Intendencia Regional de Los Lagos )
Russia 's Kliuchevskoi Volcano , seen erupting on September 30 , 1994 .
Astronauts aboard the Space Shuttle Endeavour snapped photos as the eruption cloud reached 60,000 feet above sea level , and the winds carried ash as far as 640 miles southeast .
( Image Science and Analysis Laboratory , NASA - Johnson Space Center )
Soputan volcano spews thick smoke and heat clouds in Minahasa on June 6 , 2008 .
Mount Soputan in North Sulawesi started to erupt the morning of June 6th , throwing ash two kilometers into the air .
( STR / AFP / Getty Images )
Alaska's Mt. Augustine viewed at first light on March 26 , 2006 , from the M/V Maritime Maid .
( Cyrus Read / AVO / USGS )
Russia 's Kliuchevskoi Volcano , seen erupting from 115 nautical miles above Earth on September 30 , 1994 .
Astronauts aboard the Space Shuttle Endeavour captured this image of the Earth 's limb , and Kliuchevskoi's ash plume spreading out across the Pacific Ocean .
( Image Science and Analysis Laboratory , NASA - Johnson Space Center )
Steam rises from the waters surrounding nearby Rabaul volcano , in Rabaul , Papua New Guinea on Sunday , April 13 , 2008 .
( Yoon S. Byun / Boston Globe Staff )
The crewmembers of the Space Shuttle Endeavour used a 35 mm still camera to record this image of Mt. Etna Volcano erupting on the island of Sicily on December 14th , 2002 .
The oblique , south - looking view shows Mt. Etna 's dark ash plume rising above the general altitude of storm clouds over the Mediterranean Sea at sunset .
( Image Science and Analysis Laboratory , NASA - Johnson Space Center )
Links and more information :
Chile moves people from path of volcano lava - boston.com 7/1
Debris litters area after Alaska volcano erupts - boston.com 7/14
Volcanoes gallery from NASA 's Visible Earth collection
How many active volcanoes are there in the world ?
- Global Volcanism Program
Volcano World - volcanic activity blog
Rep. Steve Israel ( D - NY ) cites national security as a reason to conserve fuel .
| John Shinkle / POLITICO
The biggest oil guzzler ?
The Pentagon
So , you think you ’ve got the gas prices blues .
Just consider Al Shaffer , the man in charge of drafting an energy strategy for the gas - ­guzzling Pentagon .
With wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and troops spread around the world , the Department of Defense is the nation ’s biggest oil consumer , burning 395,000 barrels per day — about as much as Greece .
Advertisement
The Air Force is the SUV of the military .
Its thirsty planes burn more than half the fuel supply for the entire U.S. military .
It ’s received $ 1.5 billion in new relief from Congress for fuel — and last week still had $ 400 million left on its credit card .
For years , some lawmakers have been pressing the Pentagon to go greener , and they ’re hoping today ’s soaring prices will inject some urgency into the Defense Department ’s efforts .
Rep. Steve Israel ( D - N.Y. ) , who formed a Defense Energy Working Group , seized on the issue in 2004 after learning that the Army ’s Stryker combat vehicles got only 5 miles per gallon of gas .
He cited national security as another reason to conserve fuel .
“ Here is our current defense posture , ” Israel said .
“ We are borrowing money from China to fund our defense budgets to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to fund our military to protect us from China and the Persian Gulf .
It is an insidious vulnerability . ”
Defense Department officials know there is a problem , Israel said , but they also are well aware that it ca n’t be fixed overnight .
Israel once pressed Deputy Secretary of Defense Gordon England to conduct a national competition for an energy - efficient naval propulsion system .
England sent back a picture drawn by schoolchildren in crayon — of a boat with oars .
That ’s not to say there ’s been no progress .
The Air Force claims to be a leader in energy efficiency — despite the fact that it buys enough jet fuel to match 10 percent of the domestic market .
Now , Assistant Air Force Secretary William C. Anderson is trying to turn that consumption into an advantage by working with the nation ’s two largest commercial airlines to create a market for alternative jet fuel .
The Air Force is also pursuing public - private partnerships that draw on its market clout as a huge consumer to push development of small nuclear reactors and coal - to - liquid fuel plants .
And it touts its success at harvesting solar energy with photovoltaic panels at Nellis Air Force Base near Las Vegas .
But while the Pentagon has done a lot to advance the cause of alternative energies , Israel and others say it should use its huge size to become a transformational force in the energy market — as NASA did when it popularized Velcro .
“ The Defense Department has been a driver of a lot of technological innovations — look at the Internet , ” said Sarah Wilhoite , a legislative representative for Earthjustice .
“ If someone has the funds to do it , I would think it would be the Defense Department . ”
The first step , Israel suggested , is turning the Pentagon into a giant laboratory to develop new fuels and energy - efficient products that could be transferred to the commercial market .
“ The biggest stumbling block on this is it ’s not the most fascinating issue — at least it was n’t until oil hit $ 140 a barrel , ” Israel said .
He ’s not alone in these recommendations .
The Defense Science Board and Government Accountability Office have recommended that the Pentagon designate an executive - level official to handle energy and mobility issues .
The science board also said the Pentagon could offer better incentives to get its leaders to consider energy efficiency .
The Pentagon told GAO it would draw up an energy security strategic plan by next May .
And that ’s where Shaffer comes in .
The former meteorologist and career military officer is now the Pentagon ’s acting director of defense research and engineering , and the leader of the Pentagon ’s Energy Security Task Force , formed in 2006 in response to the spike in fuel prices after Hurricane Katrina .
“ We noticed a $ 10 barrel of oil increase in price of fuel increased operations by $ 1.3 billion , ” Shaffer said in an interview , noting that in the years since , the Pentagon has increased its annual research and operation investment by $ 200 million per year .
While some of the Pentagon ’s pilot programs have begun to bear fruit , Shaffer ’s challenge is to make the case that investments in energy efficiency will save money in the long run .
Current versions of the Defense Authorization Bill include myriad energy - related provisions , requiring reports and pushing the Pentagon to describe how it is implementing its energy strategy .
And Tuesday , at the nomination hearing for the next Air Force secretary and chief of staff , questions about alternative fuels wound up on the lists of three Republican senators : Jeff Sessions of Alabama , John Thune of South Dakota and Roger Wicker of Mississippi .
Gen. Norton A. Schwartz , the chief of staff nominee , said he would take three approaches on energy : operating aircraft more efficiently , looking at coal - to - liquid and other alternative fuels , and making weapons systems more efficient .
“ It ’s something we need to keep in our technology focus , ” he said .
Environmentalists are hoping the Pentagon ’s billions of dollars can make a change .
But according to Shaffer , the nation as a whole will have to challenge itself to become energy efficient in 20 years .
“ That ’s bigger than DOD , ” he said .
“ The benefits of that would be tremendous . ”
BAKERSFIELD , California ( Reuters ) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate John McCain , who has suffered from skin cancer in the past , said his doctor removed a spot from his face during a routine checkup in Phoenix on Monday .
McCain said the spot on the right side of his face , which an aide described as being like a mole , would be checked to ensure it was not cancerous .
“ As a precaution , a biopsy was ordered of a very small area on Senator McCain ’s right cheek , ” Michael Yardley , a spokesman for the Mayo Clinic , where McCain saw his doctor , said in a statement .
“ This is a routine minor procedure . ”
The Arizona senator discussed the spot while speaking to journalists at an oil field in Bakersfield , California , where he was pushing his energy agenda .
“ I , as I do every three months , visited my dermatologist this morning .
She said that I was doing fine , ” McCain said , adding the doctor “ took a small little nick from my cheek as she does regularly and that will be ... biopsied just to make sure that everything is fine . ”
The spot , visible on the senator ’s face and not covered by a bandage , appeared to be about the size of a small coin .
McCain , who turns 72 in August , has had four malignant melanomas -- a potentially lethal type of skin cancer -- surgically removed since 1993 .
Three of them were limited to the top layers of the skin and were not invasive .
The fourth melanoma , removed from his left temple in 2000 , was invasive .
During that surgery , doctors also took out lymph nodes to see if the cancer had spread .
The lymph nodes showed no evidence of cancer .
Doctors have removed other less serious skin cancers , including basal cell and squamous cell cancers , from McCain ’s skin without complication .
As a skin cancer survivor , McCain remains at risk for recurrence or new cancers .
He urged Americans to wear sunscreen and said melanoma is preventable .
“ I want to again urge all Americans to wear sunscreen , particularly this summer , to stay out of the sun as much as possible , ” he said , with his wife Cindy standing next to him .
“ Remember , a lot of the damage that people receive from the sun when they ’re young sometimes comes back later in life . ”
Being a developer , I ’m a sucker for rules to follow to improve my code , and for tools that can help me to follow them .
Being a Python developer , I do n’t have a static type checking compiler to help me .
Pylint aims to fill some of those gaps .
It examines your Python source code and reports on all sorts of things it does n’t like .
Like most tools of this sort ( its name is a reference to the classic lint tool for C ) , it can be annoyingly picky .
Since its job is to flag things that might be a problem , it errs on the alarmist noisy side .
Pylint tries to apply light type checking to methods and variables , so it will complain about constructs simply because they interfere with that goal :
W0142 : 26:MyClass.my_method : Used * or ** magic
Excuse me , but ** is not magic , it ’s a powerful language feature .
Reading pylint ’s warnings , you get the feeling that it wo n’t be completely happy until you are coding within the intersection of Python and Java .
But pylint ’s best feature is its configurability .
In the settings file , you can disable individual messages :
# Disable the message (s ) with the given id (s ) .
disable-msg=C0103,R0903,W0142,C0324,R0201,C0111,W0232,W0702,W0703,W0201
and also configure all sorts of other settings .
This is important because pylint also natters on about style issues : valid names , line length , number of statements per method , and so on .
Pylint also lets you disable a particular message in specific files , classes , or methods , which is extremely useful for overriding warnings about tricky cases , or simple misdiagnoses .
As with every other lint - like tool I ’ve ever used , the first order of business is deciding what you really want pylint to tell you about .
Initially , its reporting will be about things that just do n’t matter , and you ’ll disable a ton of messages .
Then you ’ll get to the things that you ’ll agree are minor issues and you ’ll want to clean up , like unused imports .
The next rung of messages are helpful because they get you to think about the way you ’ve written your code .
For example , this code :
def my_method ( self , arg1 , extras = [ ] ) :
// blah blah ...
will get you this warning :
W0102:247:MyClass.my_method : Dangerous default value [ ] as argument
Pylint warns about this because you could append to extras in the body of the method , and that would modify the single list object that is used as the default value for every invocation of the method , something you almost certainly did n’t intend .
Changing the code to this avoids the possibility and the warning :
def my_method ( self , arg1 , extras = None ) :
extras = extras or [ ]
// blah blah ...
Whether you want to adopt this idiom uniformly , or stick with the more common extras= [ ] is something you ’ll have to decide .
Pylint did you the favor of bringing it to your attention so that you could think through the issue and decide .
In this case , you may be able to simply leave extras as None and use it as is in the body of the function , but you get the point .
Occasionally , you ’ll get unambiguous value from the pylint output .
I ran pylint on a large actively developed code base , and it reported on an instance of an undefined variable .
I looked , and sure enough , that code should n’t work .
Digging further , I looked at who called that code , and once I was done pulling on all of the threads I discovered , I had a couple hundred lines of code that were not used any more , and I could delete them .
I do n’t know whether I ’ll stick with pylint .
It ’s a tricky balance to get it set properly so that it warns about things I genuinely believe to be issues .
The other minor downside to pylint is that you have to install three separate packages to get it to work .
Logilab would do well to provide a single installer for pylint and its dependencies .
BTW : There are other tools for static checking Python code , but I have n’t used them recently : PyFlakes and PyChecker .
Fresh and vibrant wines to buy in Paris
You may also order vibrant wines ( that i have qualified ) online for delivery across France .
Here is my selection of vibrant wines .
The establishments must sell by the bottle ( without asking you to purchase anything else , even if they are bistros ) .
[ Report infringement ]
Bottlings selected in 2020
Muscadet Sèvre et Maine sur lie - Rémi Branger , Gwénaëlle Croix - Domaine de la Pépière - Domaine de la Pépière
2019 - 8 € - no problem - radiant - no velvety , radiant , no stiffness , fresh
Muscadet Sèvre et Maine sur lie - Rémi Branger , Gwénaëlle Croix - Domaine de la Pépière - Clos des Briords Vieilles vignes
2019 - 10 € - crystalline , mineral , fresh but not stiff
Muscadet Sèvre et Maine - Marc Ollivier , Rémi Branger , Gwénaëlle Croix - EARL La Pépière - Château
Thébaud
2014 - 15 € - almond , star fruit , nougat - no smoothness and very intense , almond , star fruit , nougat , fresh
Crémant d'alsace [ sparkling ] - Audrey et Christian Binner - KB - Extra Brut Zéro dosage [ sans sulfite ajouté ] , magnum , assemblage
2008 - 22 € - white fruit , yeast - fine bubbles , full , white fruit , nougat but dry , toasted loaf , great aromatic depth , no stiffness , fresh
Bottlings selected in 2019
Vin de pays du Jardin de la France - Marc Ollivier , Rémi Branger , Gwénaëlle Croix - EARL La Pépière - La Pépie - Cabernet franc
2018 - 6.5 € - a very good imitation of a Mediterranean wine , but less alcohol - red fruit - velvety , fat and sweet , red fruit , balanced acidity
Vin de France - Jean - Marie Rimbert - Domaine Rimbert - Bu End
2018 - 8 € - an easy natural wine , very aromatic - blackcurrant , white pepper - blackcurrant , more aromatic intensity and less body than other bottlings from the same domain , tiny gas beads , balanced acidity
Muscadet Sèvre et Maine - Marc Ollivier , Rémi Branger , Gwénaëlle Croix - EARL La Pépière - Domaine de la Pépière ( AB )
2018 - 7.5 € - joyful - almond , lichee - almond , lichee , a very light body , fresh
Mousseux de qualité [ sparkling , Alsace ] - Mireille et Patrick Meyer - Domaine Julien Meyer - Bulles d’Emma
NV - 13 € - high purity - toasted brioche - velvety , toasted brioche , fine bubbles , little sugar , fresh
Crémant d'Alsace [ sparkling ] - Domaine Rietsch - Extra Brut Nature
15+16 - 15 € - yeast , toasted bread - baked apple , brioche , toasted almond , nougat , dry but not stiff , fresh
Bottlings selected in 2018
Vin de France - Domaine Navarre - Vin d'Œillades - ( œillade )
2016 - 7 € - intense , blackberry , grape stalk - blackberry , grape stalk , astringent , balanced acidity
Muscadet - Marc Ollivier , Rémi Branger , Gwénaëlle Croix - EARL La Pépière - Domaine de la Pépière ( AB )
2017 - 7.5 € - twinkling , almond , lichee - twinkling , almond , lichee , intensity in a very light body , aerial , fresh
Muscadet - Marc Ollivier , Rémi Branger , Gwénaëlle Croix - EARL La Pépière - Clos des Briords Vieilles vignes
2017 - 9.2 € - lime - lime , fresh
Bottlings selected in 2017
Vin de France - Marc Ollivier , Rémi Branger , Gwénaëlle Croix - EARL La Pépière - Granit
2014 - 7 € - pure - barrel , firm
Muscadet - Marc Ollivier , Rémi Branger , Gwénaëlle Croix - EARL La Pépière - Domaine de la Pépière ( AB )
2016 - 7.4 € - classic - punchy , peach , kiwi , short , lively - opens up on the second day
Muscadet - Marc Ollivier , Rémi Branger , Gwénaëlle Croix - EARL La Pépière - Clos des Briords - Vieilles vignes
2016 - 9.1 € - grapefruit , peach - neither oily nor stiff , grapefruit , peach , fresh
Crémant d'Alsace - Julien Albertus - Kumpf et Meyer - Brut
NV - 10 € -
Price figures are for 75 cl .
They represent only estimates of tags in France wine shops , at the date of the tasting .
Wines are selected on personal criteria .
There also are must - taste natural wines in Paris .
Next releases
You may be emailed , about once a year , when several tasting reports or countries with delivery of natural wine are issued , if you write your email address below .
( There are about 2000 subscribers . )
News Release 08-121
Sorry , Charlie , You and Nemo Are n't the Only Fish That Talk
New research shows that vocal communication evolved from ancient fish species
An artist 's representation of the midshipman fish singing to attract a mate .
July 17 , 2008
View a video interview with biologist Andrew Bass of Cornell University and a guided tour of fish communicating .
This material is available primarily for archival purposes .
Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date ; please see current contact information at media contacts .
Talking fish are no strangers to Americans .
From the comedic portrayal of " Mr. Limpet " by Don Knotts , to the children 's Disney favorite , " Nemo , " fish can talk , laugh and tell jokes -- at least on television and the silver screen .
But can real fish verbally communicate ?
Researchers say , " Yes , " in a paper published in the July 18 issue of the journal Science .
Further , the findings put human speech -- and social communications of all vertebrates -- in evolutionary context .
By mapping the developing brain cells in newly hatched midshipman fish larvae and comparing them to those of other species , Andrew Bass and his colleagues , Edwin Gilland of Howard University and Robert Baker of New York University , found that the neural network behind sound production in vertebrates can be traced back through evolutionary time to an era long before the first animals ventured onto dry land .
The neural circuitry that enables human beings to verbally communicate -- not to mention birds to sing , and frogs to " ribbit " -- was likely laid down hundreds of millions of years ago with the hums and grunts of fish .
According to Bass , the research also provides a framework for neuroscientists and evolutionary biologists studying social behavior in a variety of species , and , " sends a message to scientists and non-scientists about the importance of this group of animals to understanding behavior ; to understanding the nervous system ; and to understanding just how important social communication is -- among them , as it is among ourselves . "
- NSF -
Media Contacts
Lisa - Joy Zgorski , NSF , ( 703 ) 292-8311 , email : lisajoy@nsf.gov
Blaine Friedlander , Cornell University , 607-254-8093 , email : bpf2@cornell.edu
Principal Investigators
Andrew Bass , Cornell University , email : ahb3@cornell.edu
The U.S. National Science Foundation propels the nation forward by advancing fundamental research in all fields of science and engineering .
NSF supports research and people by providing facilities , instruments and funding to support their ingenuity and sustain the U.S. as a global leader in research and innovation .
With a fiscal year 2020 budget of $ 8.3 billion , NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges , universities and institutions .
Each year , NSF receives more than 40,000 competitive proposals and makes about 11,000 new awards .
Those awards include support for cooperative research with industry , Arctic and Antarctic research and operations , and U.S. participation in international scientific efforts .
Get News Updates by Email
Connect with us online
NSF website : nsf.gov
NSF News : nsf.gov/news
For News Media : nsf.gov/news/newsroom
Statistics : nsf.gov/statistics /
Awards database : nsf.gov/awardsearch /
Follow us on social
Twitter : twitter.com/NSF and twitter.com/NSFspox
Facebook : facebook.com/US.NSF
Instagram : instagram.com/nsfgov
It ’s time once again for our all - too - infrequent feature in which we present the most extraordinary and most obscure garden videos the Internet has to offer .
Send us yours , wo n’t you ?
But do n’t forget to read our friendly , simple guidelines first .
And now , this .
From the truly remarkable people at Anton Sledgehammer .
Revealed :
The telecoms boss dubbed ' Vince Charming ' at centre of Dubai ' sex on beach ' case
The man at the centre of the Dubai beach sex furore has been named as Vince Acors , a 34 - year - old businessman from Kent .
His drunken encounter with fellow Briton Michelle Palmer could land them both in jail for six years .
Mr Acors - nicknamed ' Vince Charming ' for his success with the opposite sex - was on a business trip to Dubai when he met Miss Palmer during an all - day drinking binge .
Drunk : Vince Acors and Michelle Palmer were arrested after being allegedly caught having sex on a Dubai beach .
They met hours earlier at a boozy brunch
Hours later , the father of one was arrested along with the 36 - year - old publishing manager after they were caught having sex on a public beach .
Yesterday the pair were anxiously waiting to hear whether they will be charged in relation to their behaviour .
They face between three months and six years in jail , plus a fine and deportation for flouting the strict ban on sex outside marriage in the Muslim emirate .
Mr Acors , a telecoms firm director from Bromley who has a seven - year - old son with his former partner , was said to be ' beside himself with worry ' yesterday after being told he cannot leave the country until police end their investigation .
The pair have both told police that they were so drunk they cannot even remember the sexual encounter in the early hours of Saturday .
The case has now been passed from the Dubai police force to the prosecution service , which has to decide whether there is a case against them .
Strict : Jumeirah Beach , where the pair were caught , is a popular spot for ex-pats and holidaymakers but they have to take care not to break the Muslim state 's stringent rules on decency
It is understood that the pair 's legal advisers have already lobbied the prosecutor not to continue - a perfectly normal legal manoeuvre in the emirate .
Mr Acors and Miss Palmer , who has since been sacked from ITP Publishing Group , spent much of yesterday in meetings with lawyers recommended to them from the British Embassy .
They have been told that they may have to wait up to three weeks until any court appearance .
However , a source close to the pair revealed that they are ' quietly hopeful ' that the charges will not reach court at all .
Yesterday Miss Palmer 's former fiancé sprung to her defence .
Journalist Max Paterson , 26 , planned to marry Miss Palmer and the couple lived together in Peterborough after meeting through work contacts .
When the pair broke up , Miss Palmer wanted a new start and left Key Publishing , an aviation magazine company , to take the job with ITP Publishing in Dubai a year ago .
Mr Paterson , who now lives in London with a new girlfriend , said : ' I went out to my local newsagent on Wednesday and I saw the story all over the paper .
I was totally shocked by what I read , I just could not believe it .
This is not the Michelle that I knew and planned to marry .
' It is all completely out of character for her .
She 's being painted as an awful person , but that 's just not the case .
I know her parents must be worried sick for her . '
Yesterday Miss Palmer 's parents , Jim , 68 , and Margaret , 65 , who are both retired , had left their £ 150,000 terraced home in the village of Oakham , Rutland , to fly to Dubai to be with their daughter , neighbours said .
The beach where police caught Miss Palmer and Mr Acors having sex is popular with expatriates and holidaymakers .
They had met hours earlier at a champagne brunch at Le Meridien Hotel , where Miss Palmer got extremely drunk before going for a walk along the shore with her companion .
A police officer later spotted the pair having sex on the sand and let them off with a caution .
But they ignored the warning and were arrested when the officer returned to the scene .
According to police sources , Miss Palmer launched an angry tirade at the policeman after being disturbed for a second time .
She is alleged to have hurled abuse and tried to hit him with her high - heeled shoe before being restrained and taken to a cell .
A source close to the couple said : ' Michelle and Vince woke up in police cells with monster hangovers , facing six years in jail .
' Vince is beside himself with worry - he never intended to offend anyone .
And Michelle is absolutely devastated .'
Yesterday neighbours described Mr Acors as a polite , successful businessman .
June 2008
Phil Bridge is a Product Design student at Sheffield Hallam University , and a bike enthusiast .
The 21 - year - old who 's originally from Stockport created a mode of cheap and ecological transport out of cardboard for his final year project .
Help playing audio/ video
When researching bikes , he found that one of the obstacles which stopped people from getting a bike was the price ; a bike is stolen in England every 71 seconds on average and they 're often seen as too valuable to buy and then leave in the street to get damaged or stolen .
" The lightweight quality of the cardboard , combined with its low cost , means it 's possible to create a bargain bike that 's also less susceptible to thieves , " said Phil .
" At the moment , low - cost bikes are usually very heavy which can also put people off . "
Phil Bridge 's cardboard bike
The bike is n't made from any old cardboard though .
After playing with various sorts , including corrugated cardboard , Phil tried hexacomb board which is used for industrial purposes and has a hexagon structure inside which makes it very strong - and means it wo n't go soggy in the rain .
" It 's inherently waterproof at the point of manufacture .
In some instances this cardboard has been used outdoors - in housing or advertising hoardings .
" The frame is made from two sheets of cardboard put together into a triangulation which creates much of the strength . "
Bargain bike
Phil reckons that the bike could go on sale for as little as £ 15 and is hoping that his work will be taken on by a company who can see the bike 's potential as green marketing gimmick .
" It 's inherently waterproof at the point of manufacture .
In some instances this cardboard has been used outdoors - in housing or advertising hoardings . "
Phil Bridge " You can get a whole bike out of one sheet of cardboard , including the frame and the wheels .
The sheets are about £ 3 if you buy them in bulk .
So to sell , I 've priced it as £ 15 for the whole bike - including additional components . "
Depending on how much use the bike gets ,
Phil says it 's designed to last about six months of constant ( daily ) use - although not if you 're going mountain biking or on the Tour de France with it !...
" It was n't designed to be a performance bike so no , it does n't go better or faster than a normal tubular framed bike .
But it is suitable for everyday use - just cycling quite slowly in the street not for racing ! "
Each year Sheffield Hallam University holds an exhibition of final year students ' work .
For more information , visit the link on the right of the page .
Set up in the Comcast Center in Philadelphia , the 10 million pixel screen has five times the resolution of a HD television .
It ’s not exactly a screen either , more like a media wall set up in the lobby of Comcast ‘s impressive building , covered with four - millimeter LED lights that form a giant screen .
The device is able to play all kins of videos and 3D effects like people flying through the air with coffee cups in their hands .
The wall gets its images from a special command center complete with routers , digitizers , video - processors and a whopping 27 , 000 gigabytes of data .
The wall can display footage for 45 straight days without a sequence ever being repeated .
It ’s also estimated that a Philadelphia local would have to hang around the Comcast Center lobby for 2 years in order to see all the permutations of image the system can come up with .
U should also know that it only takes 2 million pixels to render a
Comcast paid $ 22 million to the visual experts at Bosco for this wonder but I think they feel it ’s all worth it .
Dan Morse of The Washington Post looks for evidence to support McCain 's frequent claims that Washington is the " city of Satan . "
First , McCain :
McCain , a Republican senator from Arizona , has regularly called Washington Satan 's City over the past 10 years .
He did so twice last month , including during a visit to the Atlanta headquarters of Chick - fil - A , the fast - food chain whose founder is such a devoted Baptist he keeps the eateries closed on Sundays .
" It 's harder and harder trying to do the Lord 's work in the city of Satan , " McCain said , according to an Associated Press account .
( Maybe McCain thinks Satan is going to try to stop him from carrying out a " a biblically prophesied end - time confrontation with Iran , which will lead to the Rapture , Tribulation , and Second Coming of Christ , " as his new best friend forvever , Pastor John Hagee , prays for . )
Next , Cutting Edge Ministries director David Bay :
" McCain was right , " said David Bay , speaking by phone from Lexington , S.C. , where as director of Cutting Edge Ministries he has long asserted that Washington 's streets are positioned to usher in Lucifer as " the ultimate master of Government Center . "
" You will need to have your maps of Washington , D.C. , opened in front of you as we proceed , " reads a treatise on the subject posted on Bay 's Internet site .
Using Dupont and Logan circles as northern points , Bay instructs , you can trace various interlocking streets to form a demonic pentagram , one that bores directly into 1600 Pennsylvania Ave .
Other satanic hot spots cited by believers include the U.S. Capitol and the Washington Monument .
The latter was described by Bay , the South Carolina author , as a filthy , phallic and satanic homage to the god Baal .
Link ( Via The Day They tried to Kill Me )
UPDATE Steve Reed says : " I think that McCain might have missed the real threat in Washington .
A
giant malevolent dachshund bearing down on the Capitol !
It 's clearly
visible ( and angry ) as you can see from my enhanced image . "
You ’ve Got a Drive - Thru ; You ’re Not Green
Starbucks prides itself on how green it is .
No negative externalities here — and it proudly advertises on its website its commitment to “ Environmental Stewardship . ”
I wonder , though , about its total effect on the environment .
On most mornings I stop by my own local coffee shop on the way to the office , park my car ( Honda Civic or my wife ’s Prius , being an environmental snob ) , and run in for a coffee .
On the route I drive by the local Starbucks and notice that — whether it ’s 8 a.m. or 10 a.m. — there are at least 5 cars lined up at the drive - in window spewing forth exhaust fumes .
Those fumes contribute heavily to pollution — I figure each car has to be there for at least 5 minutes of extra pollution .
I do n’t care if the customers want to add to the price of their mocha lattes the value of the 5 minutes that they spend sitting in line ; that ’s their business .
But I am bothered by the apparent hypocrisy of the company advertising green yet indirectly generating all the extra pollution .
The Washington Post ran an interesting little back - and - forth this month .
First appeared the July 2 front pager , “ A Backlog of Cases Alleging Fraud , ” beginning thus :
“ More than 900 cases alleging that government contractors and drugmakers have defrauded taxpayers out of billions of dollars are languishing in a backlog that has built up over the past decade because the Justice Department cannot keep pace with the surge in charges brought by whistle - blowers , according to lawyers involved in the disputes . ”
[ http://www.michaelmoore.com/words/latestnews/index.php?id=11814]
The article reports that , since 2001 , 300 or 400 cases filed yearly by corporate whistle - blowers fall into a lengthy and secret administrative process that takes at least 14 months just to indicate whether the Justice Department will involve itself in the cases .
“ At issue in most of the cases is whether companies knowingly sold defective products or overcharged federal agencies for items sold at home or offered to U.S. troops overseas .
Under the Civil War-era False Claims
Act , workers who file lawsuits alleging such schemes cannot discuss them or even disclose their existence until Justice decides whether to step in . ”
When the government does agree to take on a case , pursuing it then takes more years :
“ Even if no new cases are filed , it might take 10 years for the Department of Justice to clear its desk .
Cases in the backlog represent a lot of money being left on the table , " said Patrick Burns , a spokesman for Taxpayers Against Fraud , which advocates for Justice to receive more funding to support cases by whistle - blowers and their attorneys . ”
The WP article cites among others critics who allege foot - dragging by the Justice Department , a 75 - lawyer unit in Justice that “ by its own account ” is overloaded and understaffed , and Deputy Assistant Attorney General Michael F. Hertz , who testified to Congress that “ the number and increased complexity of the fraud schemes presented to the department , combined with the volume of cases now under review , certainly present challenges . ”
On July 13 , the WP appropriately ran a response by Justice , written by Assistant Attorney General in the Civil Division Gregory G. Katsas , headed “ Diligently Pursuing Fraud at Justice . ”
The letter to the editor begins ,
“ The July 2 front - page article " A Backlog of Cases Alleging Fraud " incorrectly stated that 900 cases are languishing in a " backlog . "
That number represents the active cases under investigation by the Justice Department . ”
[ www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/07/12/AR2008071201468.html
There would seem to be some disagreement here on the definition of backlog .
Not being a lawyer myself , I would tend to think that several hundred legal matters piling up — and these are according to Katsas the active cases , under investigation — constitute a ‘ backlog . ’
I think this is the way most lay persons would use the word .
Checking our lawmakers ’ use of the word in the U.S. Code , one swiftly gets 40 hits on ‘ backlog ’ in the laws that govern us .
A premier example is “ The Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program , ” Sec. 14135 under Title 42 , Chapter 136 , Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement .
The law authorizes the Attorney General to disburse grants of public funds to eligible states and local units to support DNA lab analysis of samples from crime scenes .
The law does not state that active cases — crimes currently being investigated — are ineligible for grants because they ’re not a backlog .
Nor does it state that cases neglected or stymied , thus presumably in a backlog , cannot be further pursued because they ’re inactive .
One factor taken into account in allocating grants to states and jurisdictions is “ the number of offender and casework samples awaiting DNA analysis in a jurisdiction . ”
The meaning of ‘ backlog ’ in the statute seems to be a given .
One segment of the law states ,
“ The Attorney General may award a grant under this section to a State or unit of local government to alleviate a backlog of cases with respect to a forensic science other than DNA analysis if the State or unit of local government ” certifies that a significant backlog of casework is not waiting for DNA analysis , etc ; and “ demonstrates to the Attorney General that such State or unit requires assistance in alleviating a backlog of cases involving a forensic science other than DNA analysis . ”
A previous related statute was called the “ DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 . ”
Interestingly , the only word defined in the 2000 law is — not backlog — but state , a word carefully specified to include DC , Puerto Rico , American Samoa and Guam .
In the interests of justice , it is to be hoped that the letter to the editor is basically PR , and that no criminal investigation is ever hampered by hairsplitting over what the definition of backlog is .
For the Justice Department to try to limit the word too stringently could get scary .
_______
Reprinted with permission of MargieBurns.com
Margie Burns is a freelance journalist in the D.C. area with a blog at MargieBurns.com .
About author Margie Burns is a freelance journalist in the D.C. area with a blog at Margie Burns is a freelance journalist in the D.C. area with a blog at MargieBurns.com .
She can be reached at margie.burns@verizon.net .
Reprinted with permission of MargieBurns.com
What we actually have in this country is a news media conglomerate that functions as a part of the executive branch of the federal government .
Call it the United States Department of Media .
But " branch " is not the right word , since the executive branch is all that remains of our government ( aside from whatever Dick Cheney is ) .
The legislative and judicial branches have been eliminated .
Or , rather , they are constantly and effectively being shut out of the government , in no small part by the Media Department .
But " department , " too , is not the right word if one imagines any degree of independent decision making .
None of the so - called departments and agencies in the executive government are any longer empowered to make significant decisions independent of the president ( and whatever Dick Cheney is ) .
And the Media Department is no exception .
One project of the U.S. Department of Media is the Cover Nothing Network ( CNN ) on which associate deputy undersecretaries of Media Campbell Brown and Erica Hill reported on Friday that there is not enough time for impeachment and that if the Democrats led the way to impeachment voters would punish them , and that therefore the hearing was a waste of money that could have been better spent publicizing the president kissing babies .
I 'm not making any of this up .
Here 's video :
David Swanson Social Media Pages :
David Swanson is the author of " When the World Outlawed War , " " War Is A Lie " and " Daybreak : Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union . "
He blogs at http://davidswanson.org and http://warisacrime.org and works for the online ( more ...
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Call it the Potomac shuffle , the traditional election - year dance in which a candidate who has earlier moved left or right to win over the party faithful in a primary campaign promptly slides back to the centre to appeal to the rest of the country .
Barack Obama , quite a mover on the dancefloor , has spent the month since he beat Hillary Clinton to the Democratic nomination giving a demonstration of this time - honoured piece of Washington choreography - and at an unusually high tempo , too .
Just yesterday he announced , in a speech on religion aimed at wooing evangelicals - who Democrats believe are no longer a guaranteed bloc for the Republicans - that he would continue George Bush 's support for " faith - based initiatives " , channelling public money to religious groups to perform social services , whether drug rehab or care for the poor .
( Side note : watch for David Cameron , who also favours this approach , to claim he is Obama 's spiritual brother . )
A day earlier Obama had delivered an equally long address on the virtues of patriotism .
On his lapel was the flag pin he has worn since mid-May , the same pin he once disdained as an unnecessary , shallow display of love of country .
More substantively , Obama has tacked towards the centre on a string of issues where a matter of months ago he was to be found much further left .
He once opposed legislation needed for Bush 's much - reviled programme of domestic surveillance ; now he supports a new law that would grant immunity to phone companies that help the government eavesdrop on US citizens .
He was an advocate of gun control , but only hemmed and hawed when the supreme court struck down the District of Columbia 's ban on hand guns last week .
He now says he will consider joining his Republican opponent John McCain in calling for a cut in the corporate tax rate .
Suffice to say , these were not positions Obama took when he was trying to win Democratic votes in New Hampshire or Iowa .
What will most strike - and disappoint - those outside the United States , those who have been all but panting in their excitement at the prospect of an Obama presidency as a break from the Bush era , is the Democrat 's march rightward on foreign policy .
His signature stance , which propelled him from obscurity into challenging the mighty Clinton , was his opposition to the Iraq war and his promise to bring the troops home .
Now , though , the talk is not of immediate withdrawal but of pulling out one or two " combat " brigades a month , a pledge so vague it leaves acres of wriggle room .
The Wall Street Journal reported last week that the Iraqi foreign minister , Hoshyar Zebari , had been concerned that Obama would withdraw US forces too hastily , but came away from a long phone call with the candidate " reassured " that a President Obama would not do anything too " drastic " .
Last autumn Obama skilfully contrasted himself with Clinton by promising to replace Bush 's bellicosity with a willingness to talk even to America 's sworn enemies , the president of Iran among them .
But in a major foreign policy speech last month , he diluted that promise of talks and said he would do " everything in my power " to stop Iran getting a nuclear bomb - pointedly repeating the word " everything " in case Tehran had not got the message .
Obama 's most leftwing supporters have dutifully played the role expected of them , howling betrayal , with the activists of MoveOn leading the lamentation .
But even centrist Democrats , who understand the politics of the Potomac shuffle only too well , are troubled .
" He 's overdoing it , " says a longtime party strategist ( who , admittedly , did not back Obama in the primaries ) .
" He 's reversing too many positions too quickly . "
This view is shared by those who reckon Obama is a special case .
Of course , they say , presidential candidates always have to shift towards the centre after a primary campaign ; indeed , as Michael Tomasky argued in these pages on Monday , it is a sign of McCain 's weakness that he has not been able to do so nearly as extensively as his opponent .
But Obama is not just any candidate .
" You ca n't do it if you 've run as Gandhi , " says Leon Wieseltier , who observes Washington from his perch at the magazine New Republic .
He contrasts Obama with the Bill Clinton of 1992 , who also moved rightward once he had bagged the nomination .
Both men offered to transcend the old categories of left and right , but Clinton did so by promising to be ideologically flexible .
Obama 's implicit promise is that he is above left and right , not because he is pragmatic so much as because he is morally good .
In this context , says Wieseltier , U - turns are much less tolerable : " They compromise his radiance . "
There are other contrasts .
Bill Clinton could finesse shifts by wrapping them in the language of policy detail ; Obama is the very opposite of a policy wonk .
He operates at 30,000 feet , somewhere in the rhetorical stratosphere .
While the Clinton of 1992 talked obsessively about the economy , ensuring hard - pressed voters knew he felt their pain , Obama has not yet persuaded Americans that he has the answer to current woes .
One Democratic strategist thinks Obama should be talking about rising gas and food prices every single day , not making grand speeches about faith or patriotism .
Indeed , Obama 's sheer eloquence , combined with the string of recent policy flip - flops , points to another worry many Democrats are beginning to voice about their nominee : that there might be a hollowness to him , an absence where there should be a clear core of belief ( not that Bill Clinton had that either ) .
When Ronald Reagan ran in 1980 , it was clear that he relied on two ideological pillars : free - market economics and a fierce anti-communism .
Obama - sceptics ask what the equivalents would be for the senator from Illinois .
The harshest say his campaign has no theme beyond his own life story .
They note that in his three years in the Senate , he found no time to author legislation - though he did manage to write a second volume of autobiography .
Yet none of these grumblers and doomsayers will go so far as to predict that Obama will lose in November .
He remains ahead in national polls , while some analysts say a reshaping of the electoral map is possible : if black turnout rises , several southern states could be Obama's , while wins out west , in New Mexico , Colorado and Nevada could , by themselves , be enough to give the Democrats the White House .
Obama fervour remains high , especially among the young .
This weekend word emerged of a new fad on college campuses , as students , both male and female , adopt Obama 's middle name of Hussein - the target for much xenophobic whispering - as their own .
Think " I am Spartacus " .
In this light , Obama 's U - turns look different .
They suggest that he is determined not to be just another principled loser - and the Democrats have had plenty of those .
The clearest illustration came in Obama 's most blatant reverse .
He had promised to stay within the system of taxpayer - funded campaign finance , which would have obliged him to stick to an $ 85 m spending limit .
Once it became clear he could raise , and spend , many times that amount , he broke his pledge .
Sure , it was unprincipled .
But it suggested a man bent on winning and ruthless enough to make sure he does .
That 's the standard operating procedure for Republicans .
For Democrats it takes some getting used to .
freedland@theguardian.com
AsmXml is a very fast XML parser and decoder for x86 platforms ( Windows , Linux , BSD and Mac OS X ) .
It achieves high speed by using the following features :
Written in pure assembler .
Optimized memory access .
Parsing , validation and lookup at the same time .
Lookup makes attributes and elements accessibles in O ( 1 ) time .
To give an idea of the relative speed of AsmXml , the fastest open source XML parsers process between 10 and 30 MBs of XML per seconds while AsmXml processes around 200 MBs per seconds ( on an Athlon XP 1800 + ) .
This library is also very small , it will increase the size of your application by only 20 K .
This parser is intended for applications that need intensive processing of XML , the aim is to quickly load an XML document into C - like structures .
This project will likely appeal you if XML parsing is a bottleneck in your data - flow .
Remember : if you really need speed , do not use XML .
But if you can't ( existing format , enterprise rules , ... ) , you may have a look at AsmXml .
This library is not for kids !
you have to know how to use an object file with your programming language .
And if you do n't understand what O ( 1 ) means , you should not consider using this library .
News
2012-11-08 - Version 1.4 released
Fixed a bug with the reading of an attribute with a character reference when the memory chunk is full .
2010 - 10-06 - Version 1.3 released
Fixed a crash when allocating memory while reading an attribute with a character reference .
2009 - 10 - 18 - Version 1.2 released
Fixed a bug where unknown attributes could raise an error in non strict mode .
2008 - 10 - 13 - Version 1.1 released
Added support of doctypes and processing instructions .
Also added a page to answer frequently asked questions .
2008-01 - 24 - Version 1.0 released
This is the 1.0 release as it is a stable version and includes all the initially planned features .
The release fixes a parsing bug with mixed content elements starting with a comment or a CDATA section .
License
AsmXml is released under the BSD License .
This is a preprint version of the paper which appeared in definitive form in the10th Anniversary Issue of Axiomathes , Centro Studi per la Filsofia Mitteleuropa , Trento , Italy , 1997 , 53 - 82 and in Husserl or Frege , Meaning , Objectivity and Mathematics , by Claire Ortiz Hill and Guillermo Rosado Haddock , Chicago : Open Court , 2000 .
The published versions should be consulted for all citations .
THE VARIED SORROWS OF LOGICAL ABSTRACTION
by CLAIRE ORTIZ HILL
In 1894 Gottlob Frege published a scathing attack ( Frege 1894 ) on the Cantorian theory of psychological abstraction Edmund Husserl espoused in the Philosophy of Arithmetic ( Husserl 1891 ) .
Frege denounced that aspect of Husserl 's attempt to provide sound foundations for arithmetic as " naive " .
Any view according to which a statement of number is not a statement about a concept or about the extension of a concept , Frege said , is naive for " when one first reflects on number , one is led by a certain necessity to such a conception " ( p. 197 ) .
Had Husserl used the term ' extension of a concept ' in the way , he , Frege , thought fit , he wrote , they " should hardly differ in opinion about the sense of a number statement " ( pp. 201-02 ) .
Yet despite that show of confidence , Frege 's apparent self - assurance quickly evaporated less ten years later upon learning of the contradiction of the class of all classes that are not members of themselves from Bertrand Russell .
Frege immediately responded to Russell ( Frege 1980a , 130 - 32 ) that it was the law about extensions that was at fault , and that its collapse seemed to undermine the foundations of arithmetic proposed in the Basic Laws of Arithmetic .
So it was a considerably less confident man who wrote in the appendix to the 1903 volume of The Basic Laws of Arithmetic that hardly anything more unfortunate could befall a scientific writer than to find the foundations of his work shaken after it was completed .
He would have gladly dispensed with his law about extensions , Frege confessed , had he known of any substitute for it .
At least , he consoled himself , he could draw comfort in the fact that misery loves company for he believed that everybody who had made use of extensions of concepts , classes , sets in proofs was in the same position he was ( Frege 1980b , 214 ) .
Frege never believed that his law about extensions recovered from the shock it had sustained from Russell 's finding .
And , as it happens , his review of Husserl 's book actually contains some of the most forceful statements
Frege ever made in favor of them .
For Frege actually expressed profound reservations about using extensions throughout his career , and many statements he made during his lifetime belie the aplomb with which he carried out his caustic attack upon Husserl 's theories .
Frege confessed several times that he had never actually become completely reconciled to introducing extensions into his reasoning .
He alluded to having been " led by a certain necessity " ( Frege 1894 , 197 ) or to having been " constrained to overcome " his " resistance " to them ( Frege 1980a , 191 ) .
By the end of his life he was warning that talk of extensions " easily ... can get one into a morass " and that it leads " into a thicket of contradictions " ( Frege 1979a , 55 ) .
Here I propose to cast a cold eye on the logical moves which led Frege into that " morass " in an attempt to lay bare just what lie behind his conviction that everybody who made use of extensions of concepts , classes , sets in proofs was in the same position he was .
I then study Russell 's battle with the " thicket of contradictions " .
Finally , I call for lucidity regarding the differences between mere equality and full identity which are lost in the abstraction process .
I must , of course , begin by defining logical abstraction .
1. What Logical Abstraction Is
Logical abstraction is a technique by which one singles out what is common among the members of a given set of objects .
Through it a property is isolated and the particular equivalence obtaining between objects possessing that property comes to be regarded as an identity ( on paper ) .
A common predicate is interpreted as a common relation to a new term , the class of all those terms that are equal in terms of the property indicated by the predicate .
The class of terms having that particular relation then replaces the common property inferred from the equivalence relation chosen , and all the other properties which might have normally served to distinguish those objects from each other , or from other objects equal to them in the same respect , are " abstracted " out of the picture .
Once deleted on paper , the properties which originally might have marked any difference between the mere equality and the full identity of the objects are presumably expected to simplify matters by vanishing entirely from the reasoning .
Willard Van Orman Quine has provided the following description of the procedure :
given a condition '---' upon x , we form the class x^--- whose members are just those objects x which satisfy the condition .
The operator ' x^ ' may be read ' the class of all objects x such that ' .
The class x^--- is definable , by description , as the class y to which any object x will belong if and only if --- ( Quine 1961a , 87 ) .
And Quine has provided this example of how that procedure might applied in actual practice :
It may happen that a theory dealing with nothing but concrete individuals can conveniently be reconstrued as treating of universals , by the method of identifying indiscernibles .
Thus consider a theory of bodies compared in point of length .
The values of the bound variables are physical objects , and the only predicate is ' L ' , where ' Lxy ' means 'x is longer than y' .
Now where '~ Lxy Ù ~ Lyx , anything that can be truly said of x within this theory holds equally for y and vice versa .
Hence it is convenient to treat '~ Lxy Ù ~ Lyx ' as 'x = y'.
Such identification amounts to reconstruing the values of our variables as universals , namely lengths , instead of physical objects ( Quine 1961b , 117 ) .
The talk of universals engaged in , Quine explains , may be regarded " merely as a manner of speaking - through the metaphorical use of the identity sign for what is really not identity but sameness of length ....
In abstracting universals by identification of indiscernibles , we do no more than rephrase the same old system of particulars " ( Quine 1961b , 118 ) .
Many have found logical abstraction to be an attracive and convenient technique for translating various familiar expressions , and those having to do with numbers especially , into the notation of the extensional logic favored by so many logicians .
Through logical abstraction one might introduce new objects into reasoning by translating many expressions into extensional language which would not on the surface seem to lend themselves to extensional treatment .
Talk of properties is transformed into talk of classes as every monadic predicate comes to have a class as an extension , -- the class of all things of which the predicate is true .
The notation Fy comes to mean y is a member of the class F , the class of all objects fulfilling a given condition , - the class of those things that are equal in that particular respect ( Quine 1961b , 120 - 21 ) .
Many things people want to accomplish can , in fact , be accomplished by leaving unwanted properties out of the picture ( and , one might add , might not be accomplishable were they properly taken into account ) .
2. Frege Begins Abstracting Away Properties in Foundations of Arithmetic
Arithmetic was the point of departure for the ideas that led Frege to develop his logical theories .
And the symbolic language he hoped might one day " become a useful tool for the philosopher " was modelled after the language of arithmetic ( Frege 1879 , Preface ) .
According to Frege 's theory of arithmetic , as set out in the Foundations of Arithmetic ( Frege 1884 ) , numbers are always independent objects which as such are qualified to figure in identity statements , and any appearance to the contrary could " always be got around " because expressions which in everyday discourse do not seem to name independent objects can be rewritten so that they do ( §§ 55 - 57 ) .
Moreover , Frege held that with numbers it was " a matter of fixing the sense of an identity " ( p. x , §§ 62 , 106 ) .
And it became his aim " to construct the content of a judgement which can be taken as an identity such that each side of it is a number " ( § 63 ) .
So finding " a means for arriving at that which is to be regarded as being identical " ( § 63 ) became an integral part of his project to provide a deeper foundation for the theorems of arithmetic .
Not wanting to introduce a special definition of identity for this , but wishing rather " to use the concept of identity , taken as already known as a means for arriving at that which is to be regarded as being identical " ( § 63 ) , Frege explicitly adopted Leibniz 's principle that " things are the same as each other , of which one can be substituted for the other without loss of truth " ( § 65 ) .
Of his choice he wrote :
This I propose to adopt as my own definition of equality .
Whether we use ' the same ' , as Leibniz does , or ' equal ' , is not of any importance .
' The same ' , may indeed be thought to refer to complete agreement in all respects , ' equal ' , only to agreement in this respect or that ; but we can adopt a form of expression such that this distinction vanishes .
For example , instead of ' the segments are equal in length ' , we can say ' the length of the segments is equal ' , or ' the same ' , and instead of ' the surfaces are equal in color ' , ' the color of the surfaces is equal ' ... in universal substitutability all the laws of identity are contained ( § 65 ) .
As Frege was writing Leibniz 's formula right into the foundations of his logic , however , he modified Leibniz 's dictum in an important way .
Not one ever to adhere slavishly to usual linguistic practice , Frege advocated rephrasing statements in ways which eliminate distinctions obtaining in ordinary language .
So , in the passage cited above he has recommended rephrasing the statement ' The segments are equal in length ' as ' the length of the segments is equal or the same ' , and ' the surfaces are identical in color ' as ' the color of the surfaces is identical ' .
In so doing he adjusted Leibniz 's principle to meet his own ends by deciding to translate sentences of natural languages into his symbolic language in a way he thought might do away with the differences between being identical ( complete agreement in all respects ) and equal ( only agreement in this respect or that ) .
For although Leibniz 's law defines identity , complete coincidence , Frege , here as elsewhere , explicitly maintained that for him " whether we use ' the same ' as Leibniz does , or ' equal ' is not of any importance .
He would insist over and over again that for him there was no difference between equality and identity .
For example in the preface to his 1893 Basic Laws of Arithmetic ( p. ix ) , he explained that he had chosen to use the ordinary sign of equality in his symbolic language because he has convinced himself that it is used in arithmetic to mean the very thing that he wished to symbolize .
To achieve these goals Frege appealed to a process of logical abstraction ( though he never used that term ) by which statements in which certain objects are said to be equivalent in terms of a certain property predicated of them are transformed into statements affirming the identity - equality of abstract objects formed out of those properties .
In the Foundations of Arithmetic ( § 65 ) he used the following examples to illustrate his move :
5 ) ' The segments are equal in length '
and
6 ) ' The surfaces are equal in color '
which he wished to see reformulated as
7 ) ' The lengths of the segments are equal '
and
8 ) ' The color of the surfaces is equal ' .
Here , Frege has changed the statements of sameness of concrete properties predicated of concrete objects in 5 ) and 6 ) into statements 7 ) and 8 ) which affirm the equality - identity of abstract objects , in this case surfaces and lengths .
He believes he has thus transformed statements about objects which are equal under a certain description into statements expressing a complete identity .
By erasing the difference between identity and equality , he is in fact arguing that being the same in any one way is equivalent to being the same in all ways .
However , he realized that many of the inferences that could be made by appealing to such a principle would lead to evidently false and absurd conclusions .
3 . The Problems Frege Addressed from the Beginning
Frege himself acknowledged that left unmodified the procedure just described was liable to produce nonsensical conclusions , or be sterile and unproductive ( Frege 1884 , § 66 - 67 ) .
For example , he realized that his definition of identity only afforded logicians a means of recognizing an object as the same again if determined in a different way , but it did not account for all the ways in which it could be determined .
To illustrate some nonsensical consequences of defining identity in this way , Frege carried the reasoning involved in his example of the identity of two lines one step further .
However , the points he wishes to make can be made more graphically by leaving the world of abstract geometrical figures for denizens of a more material one .
So , parroting Frege 's reasoning in Foundations of Arithmetic § 66 , I propose to illustrate his point about possible nonsensical consequences of his definition by appealing to a more concrete case .
Suppose it has finally been determined to be true that :
the man who fired the shots from behind the grassy knoll is identical with the man who killed John Kennedy .
Frege 's definition of identity would then afford us a means of identifying the man who fired the shots from behind the grassy knoll again in those cases in which he is referred to as the man who killed John Kennedy .
But , as Frege recognized , this means does not provide for all the cases .
For instance , it could not decide for us whether Lee Harvey Oswald was the man who fired the shots from behind the grassy knoll .
While any informed person would consider it perfectly nonsensical to confuse Lee Harvey Oswald with the man who fired the shots from behind grassy knoll , this would not , Frege would acknowledge , be owing to his definition .
For it says nothing as to whether the statement :
' the man who fired the shots from behind the grassy knoll is identical with Lee Harvey Oswald '
should be affirmed or denied , except for the one case where Lee Harvey Oswald is given in the form of ' the man who killed John Kennedy ' .
Only if we could lay it down that if Lee Harvey Oswald was not the man who killed John Kennedy , ( still following Frege 's reasoning ) , could our statement be denied , while if he was that man , our original definition would decide whether it is to be affirmed or denied .
But then we have obviously come around in a circle , Frege acknowledged .
For in order to make use of this definition we should have to know already in every case whether the statement ' Lee Harvey Oswald is identical with the man who killed John Kennedy ' was to be affirmed or denied .
Left as it was his definition was unproductive , Frege further judged , because in adopting this way out , we would be presupposing that an object can only be given in one single way .
For otherwise , ( still parroting Frege 's reasoning , but using our more material example ) , it would not follow from the fact that Lee Harvey Oswald was not introduced by our definition that he could not have been by means of it .
" All identities would then amount simply to this , " Frege then wrote , " that whatever is given to us in the same way is to be reckoned as the same .
This is , however , a principle so obvious and sterile as not to be worth stating .
We could not , in fact , draw from it any conclusion which was not the same as one of our premisses . "
Surely though , he concluded , identities play such an important role in so many fields " because we are able to recognize something as the same again even although it is given in a different way " ( Frege 1884 , § 67 ; § 107 ) .
4. Frege Espouses Extensions
So seeing that he could not by these methods alone obtain concepts with sharp limits to their application , nor therefore , for the same reasons , any satisfactory concept of number either , Frege was led to introduce extensions to guarantee that an identity holding between two concepts could be transformed into an identity of extensions , and conversely ( Frege , 1884 , § 67 ; also § 107 ) .
He hoped thereby to eliminate the undesirable consequences ( §§ 66 - 67 , 107 ) he saw accumulating around his theory of number and he devoted several sections of Foundations of Arithmetic to discussing the pros and cons of introducing them ( §§ 68 - 73 ) .
However , in one of its concluding sections he wrote of extensions that : " This way of getting over the difficulty cannot be expected to meet universal approval , and many will prefer other methods of removing the doubt in question .
I attach no decisive importance even to bringing in the extensions of concepts at all " ( § 107 ) .
Although Frege ended the Foundations of Arithmetic claiming that he was not attaching any decisive importance to bringing in extensions , he did not propose any alternative and by the time it came to actually proving his theory of number in the Basic Laws of Arithmetic , he had managed to quiet the reservations he would later confess having had about introducing them .
He explained in the preface to the book that extensions had taken on " great fundamental importance . "
Their introduction , he now maintained was " an important advance which makes for far greater flexibility " ( pp. ix - x ) .
" In fact , " he wrote there , " I even define number itself as the extension of a concept , and extensions of concepts are , according to my definitions , graphs .
So we just cannot do without graphs " ( p. x ) .
As far as he could see , he wrote , his basic law about extensions of concepts was the only place in which a dispute could arise .
This , he believed , would be the place where the decision would have to be made .
( p. vii ) .
Then , a year later he came out fighting for extensions in the 1894 review of Husserl .
In Basic Laws , Frege argued that the generality of an identity could always be transformed into an identity of courses of values and conversely , an identity of courses of values may always be transformed into the generality of an identity .
By this he meant that if it is true that ( x ) F( x ) = G( x ) , then those two functions have the same extension and that functions having the same extension are identical ( Frege 1893 , §§ 9 & 21 ) .
" This possibility , " he wrote then , " must be regarded as a law of logic , a law that is invariably employed , even if tacitly , whenever discourse is carried on about extension of concepts .
The whole Leibniz - Boole calculus of logic rests upon it .
One might perhaps regard this transformation as unimportant or even as dispensable .
As against this , I recall the fact that in my Grundlagen der Arithmetik I defined a Number as the extension of a concept ... " ( Frege 1893 , § 9 ) .
In §§ 146 - 47 of the 1903 Basic Laws II , he characterized extensionality writing :
If a ( first - level ) function ( of one argument ) and another function are such as always to have the same value for the same argument , then we may say instead that the graph of the first is the same as that of the second .
We are then recognizing something common to the two functions ...
We must regard it as a fundamental law of logic that we are justified in thus recognizing something common to both , and that accordingly we may transform an equality holding generally into an equation ( identity ) ( Frege 1980b , 159-60 ) .
Frege never believed that any proof could be supplied that would sanction such a transformation .
So he devised Basic Law V , or Principle V , to mandate the view of identity , equality and substitutivity his system required .
By transforming " a sentence in which mutual subordination is asserted of concepts into a sentence expressing an equality , " Basic Law V would permit logicians to pass from a concept to its extension , a transformation which , Frege held , could " only occur by concepts being correlated with objects in such a way that concepts which are mutually subordinate are correlated with the same object " ( Frege 1979 , 182 ) .
5. Strong Extensionality
Now that we have looked at Frege 's characterization of extensionality , it is very important to look at how extensions could help Frege solve the particular problems with identity and substitutivity in connection with which they were introduced in the Foundations of Arithmetic .
First of all , Frege was conscious of the fact that the logician 's job was initially made simpler because she initially only had to recognize the object as given in the particular way stipulated by her identity statement .
But Frege realized that his definition afforded no means of recognizing that object as the same again when given in a different way .
So returning to our Kennedy example , suppose that the wife of a man who fired at Kennedy from behind the grassy knoll has come forward with incontrovertible evidence that her husband , one Mr. Knoll , fired shots at Kennedy and killed him .
She was actually with her husband behind the grassy knoll that day , but was too blinded by love for him to tell the police what she knew .
She also wanted to protect her family .
But Mr. Knoll has since died and her conscience is tormenting her .
In addition to her eyewitness account she has produced authentic diaries in which her husband gave details of his plans .
So , ( changing the descriptions to expressions that name directly so as to avoid any problems deriving solely from the fact that descriptions appear in the putative identity statement ) :
' Mr. Knoll is identical with Kennedy 's assassin '
is a true statement .
Initially , it looks as if the case is closed .
We can now substitute Mr. Knoll 's name every time we find a reference to Kennedy 's assassin .
However , our identity statement is completely blind as concerns other alternatives .
And once we give the matter further thought we find that Kennedy 's assassin has so often been identified with Lee Harvey Oswald that substitution in most contexts would yield nonsense .
For example , most of the Warren Report would become complete nonsense .
Now as concerns Frege 's second point regarding the sterility of the procedure .
It is certain that the single fact given by our identity is a highly informative statement .
But just because our x is both F and G , this does not mean that if something is F it is G .
We have only learned that Mr. Knoll killed Kennedy .
But only on paper has Basic Law V ruled out the possibility that Lee Harvey Oswald , or someone else , might also have fired at Kennedy , and so might also have been Kennedy 's assassin .
Kennedy did not die instantly , and numerous factors may have finally conspired to bring about his death .
However , with Frege 's principle of extensionality , we put on logical blinders .
It mandates that since Mr. Knoll is identical to Kennedy 's assassin , then anyone who was Kennedy 's assassin was Mr. Knoll .
Our concepts have acquired the sharp limits our quest for knowledge and substitution requires ( Frege 1884 , § 67 ; also § 107 ) .
Which is all fine on paper , but extensionality will not of itself keep Lee Harvey Oswald from slipping back into the picture as , for example , someone who might also have been Kennedy 's assassin , but was definitely not Mr. Knoll .
It may seem at first attractively simple to obliterate distinctions between identity and equality , but the differences between x and y when they are joined together by the equals sign to make an informative statement do not just go away because we have a rule stipulating that equality is to function as identity .
For informative identity statements are the breeding ground of contradictions in extensional systems .
The seed of contradictions derivable in extensional systems lies buried in them , -- something , of course , wholly unacceptable to Frege , a man who developed a symbolic language whose stated first purpose was to to provide " the most reliable test of validity for a chain of inferences and to point out every presupposition that tries to sneak in unnoticed " ( Frege 1879 , 6 ) .
In his most confident moments , however , Frege believed that Basic Law V could bring logicians out of what he called the " queer twilight " of identity in which he saw mathematicians performing their logical conjuring tricks ( Frege 1980b , 151 - 52 ) .
But the procedure he had hoped would bring identity out of the penumbra into the clear light of day had actually authorized various illicit logical moves which yielded contradictory results by letting logicians to put their symbols to wrong uses and allowing type ambiguities to creep into reasoning unnoticed , with the result that , for example , a class might seem to be a member of itself .
6 . The Shaking of Frege 's Foundations for Arithmetic
When informed of Russell 's paradox of the class of all classes which are not members of themselves in 1902 ( Frege 1980a , 130-31 ) , Frege immediately designated the logical transformations legitimized by Basic Law V as being the source of the problem .
Basic Law V was false , he recounted in the appendix to Basic Laws of Arithmetic II ( Frege 1980b , 214-24 ) .
The way he had introduced extensions was not legitimate ( p. 219 ) , and the interpretation he had so far put on the words ' extension of a concept ' needed to be corrected .
In the several texts in which he pinpoints what he believed was the source of the difficulties , he consistently cites Basic Law V's transformation of concepts into objects for extensional treatment as being at fault ( Frege1980a ,54 - 56 , 191 ; 1979 , 181-82 , 269-70 ) .
There was nothing , he decided , to stop him from transforming an equality holding between two concepts into an equality of extensions in conformity with the first part of his law , but from the fact that concepts are equal in extension we cannot infer that whatever falls under one falls under the other .
The extension may fall under only one of the two concepts whose extension it is .
This can in no way be avoided and so the second part of his law fails ( Frege 1980 b , 214n . f , 218-23 ) .
" If in general , for any first - level concept , we may speak of its extension , then the case arises of concepts having the same extension , although not all objects that fall under one fall under the other as well .
This , however , really abolishes the extension of the concept " he concluded ( Frege 1980b , 221 ) .
An example will make Frege 's problem clearer .
To illustrate the point he is making we might turn to the modern analogue of his ' the number of Jupiter 's moons is 4 ' , i.e. , the putative identity statement Quine made famous :
1 ) '9 is the number of the planets ' .
According to Basic Law V , supposing this to be a true identity , the number which belongs to the concept 9 is the same as that which belongs to the concept the number of the planets .
But the converse does not necessarily hold .
For though 9 may be the number of the planets , we cannot infer that whatever falls under one falls under the other .
There is nothing other than Basic Law V to guarantee that all objects that fall under ' 9 ' fall under ' the number of the planets ' as well .
For instance , according to materialistic astronomy :
2 ) The ninth planet , Pluto , was discovered in 1930 .
3 ) The planet Pluto may be an anomaly and not a planet at all , but a giant asteroid flung into its present position when it had a close gravitational encounter with one of the outer planets .
4 ) A Planet X may exist far beyond Pluto , which would explain apparent irregularities in Neptune 's orbit .
5 ) According to astronomers the dark matter accounting for more than 90 % of the total mass of the universe could be made of giant planets .
So , while Frege 's Basic Law V would secure for us that all objects that fall under ' 9 ' fall under ' the number of the planets ' as well , according to materialistic astronomy , by substitution into ( 1 ) 9 may equal 8 , or 10 , or an as yet undetermined number of planets .
And this indeterminacy causes Frege 's system to go haywire .
Frege finally decided that all efforts to repair his logical edifice were destined to failure .
By 1912 he had laid down his extensions and conceded defeat .
As he wrote for an article by Philip Jourdain :
And now we know that when classes are introduced , a difficulty , ( Russell 's contradiction ) arises ....
Only with difficulty did I resolve to introduce classes ( or extents of concepts ) because the matter did not appear to me to be quite secure -- and rightly so as it turned out .
The laws of numbers are to be developed in a purely logical manner .
But numbers are objects ….
Our first aim was to obtain objects out of concepts , namely extents of concepts or classes .
By this I was constrained to overcome my resistance and to admit the passage from concepts to their extents ... I confess ...
I fell into the error of letting go too easily my initial doubts ( Frege 1980a , 191 ) .
When specifically asked about the causes of the paradoxes of set theory , Frege explained that the " essence of the procedure which leads us into a thicket of contradictions " consisted in regarding the objects falling under F as a whole , as an object designated by the name ' set of Fs ' , ' extension of ' F ' , or ' class of Fs ' etc. ( Frege 1980a , 55 ) .
He wrote that the paradoxes of set theory
arise because a concept e.g. fixed star , is connected with something that is called the set of fixed stars , which appears to be determined by the concept -- and determined as an object .
I thus think of the objects falling under the concept fixed star combined into a whole , which I construe as an object and designate by an proper name , ' the set of fixed stars ' .
This transformation of a concept into an object is inadmissible , for the set of fixed stars only seems to be an object , in truth there is no such object at all .
( Frege 1980a , 54 ; 55 )
" The definite article , " he explained , " creates the impression that this phrase is meant to designate an object , or , what amounts to the same thing , that ' the concept star ' is a proper name , whereas ' concept star ' is surely a designation of a concept and thus could not be more different from a proper name .
The difficulties which this idiosyncrasy of language entangles us in are incalculable " ( Frege 1979 , 270 ) .
" From this , " Frege wrote , " has arisen the paradoxes of set theory which have dealt the death blow to set theory itself " ( Frege 1979 , 269 ) .
7. Intellectual Sorrow Descends Upon Bertrand Russell
Intellectual sorrow , Bertrand Russell has said , descended upon him in full measure when the contradiction about classes which are not members of themselves put an end to the logical honeymoon he was having when he began writing the Principles of Mathematics ( Russell 1959 , 56 ) .
One of the things he found once he set out to find out exactly how and why Frege 's theories could have given rise to the contradiction was that one could not generally suppose that objects which all have a certain property form a class which is in some sense a new entity distinct from the objects making it up ( Russell 1973 , 171 ) .
Unbridled use of the principle of logical abstraction was producing fake objects , which in turn were causing the worrisome contradictions .
In Mathematical Logic , Quine showed how easily class abstraction leads to Russell 's contradiction :
The usual way of specifying a class is by citing a necessary and sufficient condition for membership in it .
Such is the method when one speaks of " the class of all entities x such that ... , " appending one or another matrix .
The class of all entities x such that x writes poems , e.g. , is the class of poets ...
Despite its sanction from the side of usage and common sense , however , this method of specifying classes leads to trouble .
Applied to certain matrices , the prefix ' the class of all entities x such that ' produces expressions which cannot consistently be regarded as designating any class whatever .
One matrix of this kind , discovered by Russell , is ' i(x Î x ) ' ; there is no such thing as the class of all entities x such that ~(x Î x ) .
For suppose w were such a class .
For every entity x , then ,
x Î w = ~ (x Î x ) .
Taking x in particular as w itself , we are led to the contradiction :
( w Î w ) = ~ ( w Î w ) .
( Quine 1940 , § 24 )
9 . The Distinction of Logical Types
Early in his search for a solution to the problem of the paradoxes , Russell believed that " the key to the whole mystery " would be found in the distinguishing of logical types ( Russell 1903 , § 104 ) .
So he established a hierarchy of classes according to which the first type of classes would be composed of classes made up entirely of particulars , the second type composed of classes whose members are classes of the first type , the third type composed of classes whose members are classes of the second type , and so on .
The types obtained would be mutually exclusive , making the notion of a class being a member of itself meaningless .
No totality of any kind could be a member of itself .
" In this way , " Russell believed , " we obtain a series of types , such that , in all cases where formerly a paradox might have emerged , we now have a difference of type rendering the paradoxical statement meaningless " ( Russell 1973 , 201 ) .
Russell believed that the theory of types he developed led " both to the avoidance of contradictions , and to the detection of the precise fallacy which has given rise to them " ( Russell 1927 , 1 ) .
And he believed that no solution to the contradictions was technically possible without it .
However , he ultimately became aware that it was not " the key to the whole mystery " ( see Russell 1919 , 135 ; 1956 , 333 ; Quine , 1961a , 91-92 ) .
For one thing , he realized that the theory only solved some of the paradoxes for the sake of which he had invented it .
Deeper problems caused the old contradiction to break out afresh and he realized that " further subtleties " would be needed to solve them .
For , though Russell 's theory of types restores some of the logical structure Frege had eclipsed when talk of classes and their extensions opened the door to the illegitimate inferences in the first place , the theory just treats the symptoms of the malady .
It does not come to terms with the problem as to how and why the logical types had become confused to begin with , -- as to what had made Frege try to obtain objects out of concepts in the first place .
It does not adequately address the deeper logical problems concerning identity and equality which had tempted Frege to introduce classes and a law saying that a class could be predicated of its own extension .
The quest to uproot the paradoxes would require further investigations into what classes were .
10 . Whither Classes ?
Having evaded some of the contradictions by distinguishing between various types of objects , and having proposed a hierarchy of types , Russell was obliged to come to some conclusions regarding the ontological status of classes .
He decided that classes could not be independent entities .
Regarding them as such leads inescapably to the contradiction about the class of classes which are not members of themselves .
He had originally believed that :
When we say that a number of objects all have a certain property , we naturally suppose that the property is a definite object , which can be considered apart from any of all of the objects , which have , or may be supposed to have , the property in question .
We also naturally suppose that the objects which have the property form a class , and that the class is in some sense a new single entity , distinct , in general , from each member of the class ( Russell 1973 , 163-64 ) .
According to Frege 's theory , Russell explained ,
Whatever a class may be , it seems obvious that any propositional function fx determines a class , namely the class of objects satisfying fx .
Thus 'x is human ' defines the class of human beings , 'x is an even prime ' defines the class whose only member is 2 , and so on .
We can then ( so it would seem ) define what we mean by 'x is a member of the class u' , or 'x is a u ' as we may say more shortly .
This will mean : ' There is some function f which defines the class u and is satisfied by x ' .
We then need an assumption to the effect that two functions define the same class when they are equivalent , i.e. such that for any value of x both are true or both false .
Thus 'x is human ' and 'x is featherless and two - legged ' will define the same class .
From this basis the whole theory of classes can be developed ( Russell 1973 , 171 ) .
Any such object that might be proposed , he believed , presupposed the notion of class , i.e. an object uniquely determined by a propositional function , and equally determined by any equivalent propositional function ( Russell , 1903 , § 489 ) .
However , he had become convinced that this was precisely the kind of reasoning that had gotten himself , Frege and others involved in the contradictions .
For we cannot , then , escape the contradiction , Russell explained :
For it is essential to an entity that it is a possible determination of x in any propositional function fx ; that is , if fx is any propositional function , and a any entity , fa must be a significant expression .
Now if a class is an entity , 'x is a u ' will be a propositional function of u ; hence , 'x is an x ' must be significant .
But if 'x is an x ' is significant , the best hope of avoiding the contradiction is extinguished ( Russell 1973 , 171 ) .
The idea that classes were not entities shed some light on the ontological nature of classes by saying what they were not , but Russell had to do more than that .
For the contradictions were , however , a distressing after - effect of introducing the extensions Frege had reluctantly appealed to because he saw that without them the theory of abstraction he was prescribing could produce nonsensical conclusions , or be sterile and unproductive ( Frege 1884 , §§ 66 - 67 ) .
Frege had resorted to extensions out of necessity and they served a definite purpose in his system .
And Russell was well aware of the need for classes .
" The reason , " he wrote in the closing pages of the Principles of Mathematics ,
which led me , against my inclination to adopt an extensional view of classes , was the necessity of discovering some entity determinate for a given propositional function , and the same for any equivalent propositional function .
Thus " x is a man " is equivalent ( we will suppose ) to " x is a featherless biped " , and we wish to discover some one entity which is determined in the same way by both these propositional functions .
The only single entity I have been able to discover is the class as one ... ( Russell 1903 , § 486 ) .
And he believed that
without a single object to represent an extension , Mathematics crumbles .
Two propositional functions which are equivalent for all values of the variable may not be identical , but it is necessary there should be some object determined by both .
Any object that may be proposed , however , presupposes the notion of class ... an object uniquely determined by a propositional function , and determined equally by any equivalent propositional function ( Russell 1903 , § 489 ) .
So Russell could not very well just demolish classes .
The trick was to find a way of making them disappear from the reasoning in which they were present without really completely letting go of them .
If , he reasoned , " we can find any way of dealing with them as symbolic fictions , we increase the logical security of our position , since we avoid the need of assuming that there are classes without being compelled to make the opposite assumption that there are no classes " ( Russell 1919 , 184 ) .
11 . Having Your Classes and Deleting Them Too
To " lay hold upon the extension of a concept , " Frege had proposed transforming " a sentence in which mutual subordination is asserted of concepts into a sentence expressing an identity . "
Since only objects could figure in identity statements , he realized he would have to find a way of correlating objects and concepts in a way which correlated mutually subordinate concepts with the same object .
He suggested this might be achieved by translating language asserting mutual subordination into statements of the form ' the extension of the concept X is the same as the extension of the concept Y ' in which the descriptions would then be regarded as proper names as indicated by the presence of the definite article .
But by permitting such a transformation , Frege realized , one is conceding that such proper names have meanings ( Frege 1979 , 181-82 ) .
But it was precisely that sort of recipe for making what was incomplete behave as if it were complete in identity statements that Russell 's paradox had cast doubt upon , and the problems that procedure caused were precisely the ones Russell hoped to circumvent through a new theory of classes based on his theory of definite descriptions by which he hoped to realize Frege 's goal of correlating classes with extensions in such a way that concepts which are mutually subordinate would be correlated with the same objects ( re. Frege 1980b , 214 ) .
While struggling to get to the bottom of the problem of the fake objects created by logical abstraction , Russell had discovered some parallels existing between the problems which arise when classes are treated as objects and problems which come up when descriptions are treated as names .
These analogies plus the success he had with his 1905 theory of definite descriptions gave him an idea as to how classes might be analyzed away much as descriptions had been , and thus gave him a concrete idea as to how he might sweep his problems away .
Statements containing descriptions had proven amenable to further analysis .
So once Russell was satisfied that classes and descriptions both fell into the same logical category of non-entities represented by incomplete symbols , he decided to extend his ideas about analyzing away descriptions to include class symbols .
He reasoned that since :
we cannot accept " class " as a primitive idea .
We must seek a definition on the same lines as the definition of descriptions , i.e. a definition which will assign a meaning to propositions in whose verbal or symbolic expression words or symbols apparently representing classes occur , but which will assign a meaning that altogether eliminates all mention of classes from a right analysis of such propositions .
We shall then be able to say that the symbols for classes are mere conveniences , not representing objects called " classes , " and that classes are in fact , like descriptions , logical fictions , or ( as we say ) " incomplete symbols " ( Russell 1919 , 181-82 ) .
According to Russell 's theory of definite descriptions : " There is a term c such that fx is always equivalent to 'x is c ' " ( Russell 1919 , 178 ) .
That being so the putative identity statement ' Scott is the author of Waverley ' might be rewritten ' Scott wrote Waverley ; and it is always true of c that if c wrote Waverley , c is identical with Scott ' ( Russell 1956 , 55 ) .
In this construal of the sentence , what was not identical has been made to be equivalent .
A symbol deemed equatable with ' Scott ' has gone proxy for the description and this symbol will generally be " obedient to the same formal rules of identity as symbols which directly represent objects " ( Russell 1927 , 83 ) .
This means of drawing objects out of descriptions provided Russell with a practical model of how to make non-entities function as entities without incurring contradictory results .
Unadulterated class abstraction was generating contradictions , but the theory of definite descriptions was a different way of making an object fit to go proxy for what was said about it .
By adapting the theory to class symbols , he thought he might acquire a " method of obtaining an extensional function from any given function of a function , " which was precisely what the theory of classes needed ( Russell 1927 , 187 ) .
12 . Problems With Equivalent Propositional Functions
Russell , however , also realized that resolving the paradoxes would mean coming to terms with problems with classes caused by the fact that it was " quite self - evident that equivalent propositional functions are often not identical " ( Russell 1903 , § 500 ) .
And these problems display certain formal similarities with the puzzles about descriptions which had impressed upon Russell the need to remove descriptions from statements in which they were present in the first place .
One of the reasons Russell had had to find a way to get rid of descriptions was that , while an informative statement of the form ' the author of Waverley is the author of Marmion ' could be true and seem to be a genuine identity statement in virtue of the fact that both descriptions were true of the same individual , the two descriptions were obviously not themselves identical , nor were they always intersubstitutable salva veritate .
If the only thing that mattered were that both descriptions are true of the same person , Russell observed , then any other phrase true of Scott would yield the same statement .
Then ' Scott is the author of Marmion ' would be the same as ' Scott is the author of Waverley ' , which is obviously not so , since from the one we learn that Scott wrote Marmion and from the other that he wrote Waverley , but the former statement tells us nothing about Waverley and the latter nothing about Marmion .
Properly reconstrued , the descriptions would disappear and the statement transformed into : ' Someone wrote Waverley and no one else did , and that someone else wrote Marmion and no one else did ' ( Russell 1917 , 217-18 ) .
This way of correlating mutually subordinate descriptions with the same object could help solve a parallel problem in the paradox plagued theory of classes , e.g. the problem of two propositional functions having the same graph without everything that is true of one being true of the other .
For just as descriptions are tied to a particular characterization of an object , so classes are formed by specifying the definite property giving the class .
Moreover , just as two different descriptions might be true of the very same object , so a single class of objects might be defined in different ways , each one corresponding to a different sense of the class name .
Yet as Russell observed " if a and b be different class - concepts such that x Î a and x Î b are equivalent for all values of x , the class - concept under which a falls and nothing else will not be identical with that under which falls b and nothing else " ( Russell 1903 , § 488 ) .
Russell was pleased to point out , however , that the theory of classes inspired by his theory of descriptions would leave intact all the fundamental properties desired of classes , the principal one of these being that " two classes are identical when , and only when , their defining functions are formally equivalent " ( Russell 1927 , 189 ) .
" The incomplete symbols which take the place of classes serve the purpose of technically providing something identical in the case of two functions having the same extension , " he believed ( Russell 1927 , 187 ) .
Presto chango !
By an act of logical prestidigitation , the theory of classes has been rendered " symbolically satisfactory . "
We can have our classes and delete them too .
Statements verbally concerned with classes have been reduced to statements that are concerned with propositions and propositional functions .
Logicians can effectively pass from a class to its extension on paper without incurring contradictory results .
We have avoided contradictions arising from supposing that classes are entities and acquired a technique for laying hold of the extension of a class .
In addition , functions having the same extension would be identical .
And all our efforts have brought us ever nearer to the deep reasons why Frege 's introducing extensions into his logic caused the paradoxes in the first place .
13 . The Ultimate Source of the Contradictions
Russell considered the technique he devised for making incomplete symbols obey the same formal rules of identity as symbols which directly represent objects to be a breakthrough in solving the paradoxes and a host of other problems ( Russell 1959 , 49 , 60 ; Grattan - Guinness 1972 , 106-07 ; 1977 , 70 , 79 - 80 , 94 and note ; 1975 , 475-88 ; Kilmister 1984 , 102 , 108 , 123 , 138 ; Hill 1997 ) .
However , he realized that incomplete symbols could only obey the same formal rules of identity as symbols referring to objects in so far as " we only consider the equivalence of the resulting variable ( or constant ) values of propositional functions and not their identity " ( Russell 1927 , 83 ) , an observation which brings us right back to the problems concerning logical abstraction , identity and substitutivity which first obliged Frege to introduce extensions .
So to assess the ultimate effectiveness of the various techniques Russell invented for evading the paradoxes , it is important to take a close look at what Russell once called the " ultimate source " of the contradictions .
In a statement which brings us all the way back to Frege 's original idea that " the existence of different names for the same content is the very heart of the matter if each is associated with a different way of determining the content " ( Frege 1879 , § 8 ) and to his original reasons for introducing extensions , Russell affirmed that the cause of his and Burali - Forti 's contradiction was to be found in that :
if x and y are identical , fx implies fy .
This holds in each particular case , but we cannot say it holds always , because the various particular cases have not enough in common .
This distinction is difficult and subtle ... the neglect of it is the ultimate source of all the contradictions which have hitherto beset the theory of the transfinite ( Russell 1973 , 188 ) .
These contradictions most intimately concerned with identity and the formal equivalence of functions proved especially hard to stamp out .
For them Russell had to develop a new tactic more directly aimed at the theory of identity which had brought about the confusion of types and the reification of incomplete symbols in the first place .
In particular , Russell still faced the following predicament :
The contradictions had taught him that there was a hierarchy of logical types .
If contradiction producing vicious circle fallacies were to be avoided , functions would have to be divided into types , and all talk of functions would then necessarily be limited to some one type , which would effectively make statements about all functions true with a given argument , or all properties of a some given object , meaningless .
However , Russell was perfectly aware that " it is not difficult to show that the various functions which can take a given object a as argument are not all of one type " ( Russell 1919 , 189 ) , and , even " that the functions which can take a given argument are of an infinite series of types " ( Russell 1919 , 190 ) .
By various technical devices we could , he once reminded readers , " construct a variable which would run through the first n of these types , where n is finite , but we cannot construct a variable which will run through them all , and , if we could , that mere fact would at once generate a new type of function with the same arguments , and would set the whole process going again " ( Russell 1919 , 190 ) .
So whatever selection of functions one makes there will always be other functions which will not be included in the selection .
Russell nonetheless believed that " it must be possible to make propositions about all the classes that are composed of individuals , or about all the classes that are composed of objects of any one logical ' type . '
If this were not the case , many uses of classes would go astray .... " ( Russell 1919 , 185 ) .
" If mathematics is to be possible , " he believed , " it is absolutely necessary ... that we should have some statements which will usually be equivalent to what we have in mind when we ( inaccurately ) speak of ' all properties of x.' ...
Hence we must find , if possible , some method of reducing the order of a propositional function without affecting the truth or falsehood of its values " ( Russell 1927 , 166 ; 1956 , 80 ) .
13 . The Axiom of Reducibility
So to cope with contradictions arising from necessary talk of ' all properties , ' or ' all functions , ' Russell introduced the axiom of reducibility .
This specially designed axiom would be " equivalent to the assumption that ' any combination or disjunction of predicates is equivalent to a single predicate " ' ( Russell 1973 , 250 ; 1927 , 58 - 59 ) , and would provide a way of dealing with any function of a particular argument by means of some formally equivalent function of a particular type .
It would thus yield most of the results which would otherwise require recourse to the problematical notions of all functions or all properties , and so legitimize a great mass of reasoning apparently dependent on such notions ( Russell 1927 , 56 ) .
For Russell , the axiom embodied all that was really essential in his theory of classes ( Russell 1919 , 191 ; 1927 , 58 ) .
" By the help of the axiom of reducibility , " Russell affirmed , " we find that the usual properties of classes result .
For example , two formally equivalent functions determine the same class , and conversely , two functions which determine the same class are formally equivalent " ( Russell 1973 , 248-49 ) .
He came to believe classes themselves to be mainly useful as a technical means of achieving what the axiom of reducibility would effect ( Russell 1919 , 191 ) .
It seemed to him " that the sole purpose which classes serve , and one main reason which makes them linguistically convenient , is that they provide a method of reducing the order of a propositional function " ( Russell 1927 , 166 ) .
Classes were producing contradictions .
They should be expunged and replaced with this axiom which seemed to him " to be the essence of the usual assumption of classes " and to retain " as much of classes as we have any use for , and little enough to avoid the contradictions which a less grudging admission of classes is apt to entail " ( Russell 1927,166-67 ; 1956 , 82 ; 1919 , 191 ) .
Russell leaned on the axiom of reducibility at every crucial point in his definition of classes in Principia Mathematica ( pp. 75-81 ) .
Russell considered that many of the proofs of Principia " become fallacious when the axiom of reducibility is not assumed , and in some cases new proofs can only be obtained with with considerable labour " ( Russell 1927 , xliii ) .
He also believed that without the axiom , or its equivalent , one would be compelled to regard identity as indefinable and to admit that two objects might agree in all their predicates without being identical ( Russell , 1927 , 58 ) .
In particular , by resorting to the axiom of reducibility one might avoid a difficulty with the definition of identity which Russell explained as follows :
We might attempt to define " x is identical with y " as meaning " whatever is true of x is true of y , " i.e. , fx always implies fy . "
But here , since we are concerned to assert all values of " fx implies fy " regarded as a function of f , we shall be compelled to impose upon f some limitation which will prevent us from including among values of f values in which " all possible values of f " are referred to .
Thus for example " x " is identical with " a " is a function of x ; hence , if it is a legitimate value of f in " fx always implies fy , " we shall be able to infer , by means of the above definition , that if x is identical with a , and x is identical with y , then y is identical with a .
Although the conclusion is sound , the reasoning embodies a vicious - circle fallacy , since we have taken " ( f ) ( fx implies fa ) " as a possible value of fx , which it can not be .
If , however , we impose any limitation upon f it may happen , so far as appears at present , that with other values of f we might have fx true and fy false , so that our proposed definition of identity would plainly be wrong ( Russell 1927 , 49 ) .
" But in virtue of the axiom of reducibility , " Russell writes in Principia Mathematica * 13 , " it follows that , if x = y and x satisfies yx , where y is any function ... then y also satisfies yy . "
And this effectively made his definition of identity as powerful as if he had been able to appeal to all functions of x ( Russell 1927 , 168 ) .
For if one assumes the axiom of reducibility , then
every property belongs to the same collection of objects as is defined by some predicate .
Hence there is some predicate common and peculiar to the objects which are identical with x .
This predicate belongs to x , since x is identical with itself ; hence it belongs to y , since y has all the predicates of x ; hence y is identical with x .
It follows that we may define x and y as identical when all the predicates of x belong to y... ( Russell 1927 , 57 ; 1973 , 243 ) .
So by virtue of the axiom of reducibility , one might have the properties of identity and equality upon which the logic of Principia Mathematica is built .
Russell thought of it as a generalized form of Leibniz 's principle of the identity of indiscernibles ( Russell 1919 , 192 ; 1927 , 57 ; 1973 , 242 ) .
So he was finally back to square one , i.e. to the reasons why Frege 's theory of identity had made him appeal to extensions in the first place .
14 . Why All the Logical Acrobatics ?
What had made such a radical measure necessary ?
The axiom of reducibility was another attempt to rub out the differences between equality and full identity .
In his search for a criterion for deciding whether in all cases x is the same as y , Frege had turned to Leibniz 's principle of substitutivity of identicals ( Frege 1884 , § 65 ) .
Then he adopted a form of expression by which being the same in one way would be the same as being the same in all ways , making the differences between equality and identity seem to go away .
After that he reluctantly introduced extensions as a way of artificially rectifying the problems with substitutivity which that attempt to equate equality and identity had caused ( Frege 1884 , §§ 66 - 67 ) .
Basic Law V would guarantee that an identity holding between two concepts could be transformed into an identity of extensions and conversely , that functions having the same extensions were identical -- and it leads to Russell 's paradox .
Russell struggled long and hard with the problems buried in Frege 's theory of identity , and he devised some sharp logical instruments to erase the differences between equality and identity which had not vanished from reasoning as obligingly as hoped .
Wielding his theory of types and his technique for analyzing away classes , Russell began sweeping away the tangled web Frege began to weave when he adopted the inference wrecking practice of equating identity with lesser forms of equivalence .
By adroitly wiping out a wealth of intensions and casting them into logical oblivion , the axiom of reducibility would sweep Principia Mathematica nearly clean of intensions and so win new territory for extensional ontology .
Yet in spite of all that might be achieved by means of the axiom , Russell expressed reservations about it reminiscent of those Frege had expressed regarding Basic Law V. Russell deemed the axiom " only convenient , not necessary " ( Russell 1919 , 192 ) , and even called it " a dubious assumption " and a " defect " ( p. 193 ) .
" This axiom , " he admitted , " has a purely pragmatic justification : it leads to the desired results , and to no others .
But clearly it is not the sort of axiom with which we can rest content " ( Russell 1927 , xiv ) .
Russell , who had once written that " Mathematics , rightly viewed , possesses not only truth , but supreme beauty " , concluded that the " solution of the contradictions ... seemed to be only possible by adopting theories which might be true but were not beautiful " and that the " splendid certainty " he had " always hope to find in mathematics had become lost in a bewildering maze " ( Russell 1959 , 155 - 57 ) .
What had appeared so convenient , simple , and austerely beautiful had spawned error , contradiction , ugliness and messiness .
15 . Frege 's and Russell 's Problems Live On
But Russell 's struggle with the paradoxes was not the end of the story .
No matter how convenient and attractive abstraction may seem to be as a technique for translating expressions into the popular notation of extensional logic , the properties marking the difference between equality and identity do not docilely submit to logical measures designed to wipe them out .
They easily slip back into reasoning unawares to sow surprise , antinomy , nonsense , confusion and contradiction , frustrating the aims of the brave new logic which it was hoped might wipe them out with the stroke of a pen .
So they have survived the campaign to extirpate them which has finally served to demonstrate the reality and ireradicability of what it was trying to remove from logical reasoning .
In particular , evidence of the logical violence done began to surface again when philosophers working on modal and intensional logics dared to try to bring light to some of dark areas of logic where philosophers had been warned not to tread .
Taking a bolder attitude toward limning the true and ultimate structure of reality than many of their contemporaries , philosophers like Jaakko Hintikka and Ruth Barcan Marcus ventured beyond the narrow confines strong extensional calculi impose on philosophical reasoning and began working to increase the depth and utility of the standard languages and to develop intensional languages capable of investigating epistemic and deontic contexts and of analyzing the many non-extensional statements which figure significantly in the empirical sciences , law , medicine , ethics , engineering , politics , and ordinary philosophy but which have been deemed unfit for study because they complicate matters by not conforming to the rigid standards for admission into the stark , sterile logical world Quine and so many others have found so beautiful .
And their work has been instrumental in pulling the deep issues underlying the puzzles , contradictions , and paradoxes haunting logical arguments out of the shadowy netherworld to which they were being consigned and into the clear light of day .
So even as opponents of intensional and modal logics battled to contain logical reasoning within the narrow confines of strong extensional calculi , more and more reasons for not shoving reasoning into an extensional mold began gathering right in the " beautiful " world they were so intent upon preserving .
16 . Marcus on Distinguishing Between Identity and Lesser Forms of Equivalence
Founder of quantified modal logic , Ruth Barcan Marcus has been one of the staunchest and most eloquent advocates of lucidity regarding the differences between identity and weaker forms of equivalence which explicit or implicit extensionalizing principles would extinguish .
As part of her ongoing campaign to expand classical logic to deal with larger areas of discourse , she has drawn attention to ambiguities regarding equality and identity that have slipped into logical reasoning and are present there now .
In particular , she has drawn attention to the extent to which extensional logical systems are dependent on ( 1 ) directly , or indirectly imposing restrictions prohibiting some intensional functions , and ( 2 ) equating identity with a weaker form of equivalence ( Marcus 1960 ) .
" The usual reason given for reducing identity to equality , " she has written , " is that it provides a simpler base for mathematics , mathematics being concerned with aggregates discussed in truth functional contexts , not with predicates in intensional contexts .
Under such restrictive conditions , the substitution theorem can generally be proved for equal ( formally equivalent ) classes , with the result that equality functions as identity " ( Marcus , 1960 , p. 58 ) .
Extensionality , Marcus explains , has acquired the undeserved reputation of being a clear , unambiguous concept , and as such well - suited to the needs of mathematics and the empirical sciences where , it is claimed , there is no need to traffic in fuzzy , troublesome non-extensional notions .
However , strongly extensional functional calculi , she notes , are " inadequate for the dissection of most ordinary types of empirical statement " ( Marcus 1993 , 5 ) .
" Establishing the foundations of mathematics , " she points out , " is not the only purpose of logic , particularly if the assumptions deemed convenient for mathematics do violence to both ordinary and philosophical usage " ( Marcus 1960 , 58 ) .
No single well - defined theory of extensionality exists , she argues , but only stronger and weaker principles of extensionality .
She has urged " that the distinctions between stronger and weaker equivalences be made explicit before , for one avowed reason or another , they are obliterated " ( Marcus 1960 , 55 ) , a request which would seem to be perfectly in keeping with the requirements of a logic which prides itself on its clarity , and was devised to keep ambiguity from creeping unawares into reasoning .
17 . Abiding Differences
It is easy to find puzzles , contradictions , paradoxes , failures of basic logical principles , etc. which illustrate the need for lucidity regarding the differences between identity and weaker forms of equivalence .
Now I want to draw attention to some undesirable consequences of failing to distinguish between identity and lesser forms of equivalence which I believe demonstrate the real need for consciously trafficking in intensional notions in order to control confusion and to draw the fine distinctions which are both germane and indispensable to many undertakings , scientific and otherwise .
Significant differences between equality and identity come to the fore in a much more tangible way and the issues at stake become clearer once we leave the realm of x's and y's , and a's and b's and turn to the reference of the signs .
Since the logical ideas we are examining are supposed to be a useful tool for scientists and philosophers and since identity statements are only to be true or false on the basis of what they stand for , this is surely what we are supposed to do .
There are , after all , few cases in which the difference between being called ' x ' or being called 'y ' really matters .
While strong extensional principles may prove appropriate in certain contexts , e.g. , in criminal investigations or judicial proceedings where a person 's guilt or innocence may be the sole determinant factor , relying upon them could have disastrous consequences in other contexts .
For instance , in medical research and practice , extensionality could unnecessarily complicate situations and generate confusion , and even make the difference between life and death , sickness and health .
Consider this example .
Doctors at Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children have discovered that the immune system of certain diabetics identifies a protein present on the surface of their insulin - producing cells as being the same as a protein present in cow 's milk with which it is in many respects almost identical .
Unable to distinguish between the two proteins , the immune system stimulates the body to attack and destroy its own insulin - producing cells in the pancreas causing juvenile onset diabetes which may lead to blindness , kidney failure and heart disease .
Marcus 's point about identity and equivalence is most a propos here for the immune systems in question are identifying two proteins as being the same on the basis of compelling similarities ; they are not picking out essential differences between the milk protein and the protein on the insulin - producing cells .
In a case like this equating identity with lesser forms of equivalence may be having disastrous consequences for diabetics .
Intensional factors marking the differences between identity and lesser forms of equivalence also come into play in organ transplant operations where what is sought are organs which are alike in certain respects , but surely not identically the same as the diseased or defective organs they are meant to replace .
A strong enough equivalence may obtain between different organs of the same type so that the host organism will not reject the transplanted organ as foreign because it is sufficiently like the organ it supplants .
It is precisely intensional considerations that mark the difference between unwanted strict identity and the sought after equivalence powerful enough to keep the substitutivity of the organs from breaking down .
To say of organ x that it has all the properties in common with organ y essential for a successful transplant is to make a weaker claim than to claim they are identical .
The situation with bone - marrow transplants appears to be more complex than for organs because six different genetic identity markers are involved in matching tissue types .
And do n't differences between equality and identity figure in many other dilemmas actually faced in medical practice today ?
Surely , many of the really challenging moral issues involved in abortion , euthanasia , medically assisted suicide , etc. turn on whether the person to be killed is in all essential respects the same as that person once was , or in the case of abortion the same as the person who will be if the pregnancy is not terminated .
For instance , are patients in apparently irreversible comas identical to the people they were before they were in that unfortunate situation ?
Think of the innumerable things that could been have been predicated of them before which are no longer true , and the truly macabre propositions that could result from substitution rules which do not take sufficient account of the difference between equality and identity .
Surely , such considerations are involved drawing the line between a mercy killing and a premeditated murder .
It is plain to see that in the above cases doctors , judges , medical researchers , and concerned individuals could not even seriously consider resorting to any conceptual tool which was so blunt , crude and blind as one which systematically disregards the differences between identity and lesser forms of equivalence .
However inconvenient they may be on paper , and however uncongenial they may be to some philosophers , intensions can be the decisive factor in real life situations where failure to resort to them is sure to increase perplexity , engender confusion and complicate matters instead of bringing clarity and precision .
Anyone insisting upon deintensionalizing the situations just cited would surely inspire contempt in the scientific community which fortunately would not rely on so crude a conceptual instrument in situations which cry out for the conscious intensional adjustment and progressive refinement of a conceptual tool which less finely tuned could have disastrous consequences .
The blithe use of extensional notions could , in the case of the organ transplant operation , be dangerous enough to cause a patient to die of post - operative complications due to simplistic ideas about extensionality and scientific thinking .
I would now like to close with a warning Edmund Husserl made in Formal and Transcendental Logic in 1929 , almost forty years after having condemned Frege 's theory of equality and identity in Philosophy of Arithmetic .
Mathematicians , Husserl observed , are not in the least interested in the different ways object may be given .
For them objects are the same which have been correlated together in some self - evident manner .
However , he contended , logicians who do not bewail the lack of clarity involved in this , or who claim that the differences do not matter are not philosophers since here it is a matter of insights into the fundamental nature of formal logic , and without a clear grasp of the fundamental nature of formal logic , one is obviously cut off from the great questions that must be asked about logic and its role in philosophy ( Husserl 1929 , 147-48 ) .
References
Dummett , M. , 1991 , Frege , Philosophy of Mathematics , Harvard University Press ,
Cambridge MA .
Frege , G. , 1879 , " Begriffsschrift , a formula language , modeled upon that of arithmetic for pure thought , " in van Heijenoort .
1967 , 1-82 .
Frege , G. , 1884 , Foundations of Arithmetic , Blackwell , Oxford ( 1986 ) .
Frege , G. , 1893 , Basic Laws of Arithmetic , University of California Press , Berkeley ( 1964 ) .
Frege , G. , 1894 , " Review of E.G. Husserl 's Philosopy of Arithmetic " , Collected Papers on
Mathematics , Logic and Philosophy , Blackwell , Oxford ( 1984 ) , 195-209 .
Frege , G. , 1979 , Posthumous Writings , Blackwell , Oxford .
Frege , G. , 1980a , Philosophical and Mathematical Correspondence , Blackwell , Oxford .
Frege , G. , 1980 b , Translations from the Philosophical Writings , P. Geach and M. Black
( eds . ) , Blackwell , Oxford .
Garciadiego , A. , 1992 , Bertrand Russell and the Origins of the Set - theoretic ' Paradoxes ' ,
Birkhäuser , Basel .
Grattan - Guinness , I. , 1972 , " Bertrand Russell on His Paradox and the Multiplicative Axiom :
An Unpublished Letter to Philip Jourdain " , Journal of Philosophical Logic 1 , 103-10 .
Grattan - Guinness , I. , 1975 , " Preliminary Notes on the Historical Significance of
Quantification and the Axiom of Choice in Mathematical Analysis " , Historia
Mathematica 2 , 475-88 .
Grattan - Guinness , I. 1977 , Dear Russell - Dear Jourdain , A Commentary on Russell 's Logic
Based on his Correspondence with Philip Jourdain , Duckworth , London .
Hill , C. O. , 1991 , Word and Object in Husserl , Frege and Russell , the Roots of Twentieth
Century Philosophy , Ohio University Press , Athens OH .
Hill , C. O. , 1997 , Rethinking Identity and Metaphysics , Yale University Press , New Haven .
Hintikka , J. , 1962 , Knowledge and Belief , Cornell University Press , Ithaca NY .
Hintikka , J. , 1969 , Models for Modalities , Reidel , Dordrecht .
Hintikka , J. , 1975 , The Intentions of Intentionality and Other New Models for Modalities ,
Reidel , Dordrecht .
Hintikka , J. and D. Davidson ( eds. ) , 1969 , Words and Objections , Essays on the Work of W .
V. Quine , Reidel , Boston .
Husserl , E. , 1891 , Philosophie der Arithmetik , mit ergänzenden Texten ( 1890 - 1901 ) ,
Husserliana , vol .
XII , Kluwer , Dordrecht , 1970 .
Husserl , E. , 1929 , Formal and Transcendental Logic , M. Nijhoff , The Hague ( 1978 ) .
Kaplan , D. and R. Montague , 1960 , " A Paradox Regained " , Notre Dame Journal of Formal
Logic 1 , 3 ( July ) , 79 -90 .
Kilmister , C.W. , 1984 , Russell , The Harvester Press , London .
Marcus , R. , 1960 , " Extensionality . "
Mind 69 , 55 - 62 .
Marcus , R. , 1993 , Modalities .
Oxford University Press , New York .
Montague , R. , 1963 , " Syntactical Treatments of Modality , with Corollaries on Reflexion
Principles and Finite Axiomatizability " , Proceedings of a Colloquium on Modal and
Many - Valued Logics , Helsinki , 23 - 26 August , 1962 , Acta Philosophica Fennica XVI , 153
- 67 .
Quine , W. , 1940 , Mathematical Logic , Norton , New York .
Quine , W. , 1947 , " The Problem of Interpreting Modal Logic " , Journal of Symbolic Logic 12 ,
no. 2 ( June ) , 43 - 48 .
Quine , W. , 1952 , Methods of Logic .
Routledge and Kegan Paul , London , 1962 .
Quine , W. , 1960 , Word and Object , M.I.T. Press , Cambridge MA .
Quine , W. , 1961a , " New Foundations For Mathematical Logic " , From a Logical Point of
View , Harper 's Row , New York ( 1953 ) , 80 - 101 .
Quine , W. , 1961 b , " Logic and the Reification of Universals " , From a Logical Point of View ,
Harper 's Row , New York ( 1953 ) , 102-29 .
Quine , W. , 1969 , Set Theory and Its Logic , Harvard University Press , Cambridge MA .
Quine , W. , 1976 , Ways of Paradox , Harvard University Press , Cambridge MA .
Quine , W. , 1994 , " Promoting Extensionality " , Synthese 98 , 143-51 .
Rodriguez - Consuerga , F. , 1991 , The Mathematical Philosophy of Bertrand Russell : Origins
and Development , Birkhäuser , Basel .
Russell , B. , 1903 , Principles of Mathematics , Norton , London .
Russell , B. , 1917 , Mysticism and Logic , Allen & Unwin , London ( 1986 ) .
Russell , B. , 1919 , Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy , Allen & Unwin , London .
Russell , B. , 1927 , Principia Mathematica to * 56 , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge
UK , 2nd ed. ( 1964 ) .
Russell , B. , 1944 , " My Mental Development , " The Philosophy of Bertrand Russell , P .
Schilpp ( ed. ) , Northwestern University Press , Evanston , 3 - 20 .
Russell , B. , 1956 , Logic and Knowledge , Allen & Unwin , London .
Russell , B.,1959 , My Philosophical Development , Allen & Unwin , London , 1975 .
Russell , B. , 1973 , Essays on Analysis , D. Lackey , ( ed. ) , Allen & Unwin , London .
