Fatjack4391 said :
just a couple questions .
never baked weed before and just wondering .
How bad is the smell afterwords ?
I 'd imagine it'd be real strong and all over the house , right ?
and as for the left over buds , are those practically useless at that point ?
or would there still be a tiny bit of potency left ?
I 'd think probably not , cause in theory you 're baking the THC out .... so yeah .
But any more specifics about it would be appreciated .
and as soon as I can bake shit , I 'm using your tuts .
Click to expand ...
In Government We Trust ? , Part 3
by Ron Paul by Ron Paul
DIGG THIS
I ’ve discussed just a few benefits of sound money in the last two weeks , and contrasted them to the perils of fiat currency .
Sound money keeps government spending in check , keeps trade fair and honest , which reduces the temptations , and many underlying causes , for governments to wage wars .
It also gives you the peace of mind of knowing that your savings will be able to sustain you in your retirement .
So if sound money is such a good thing , what is stopping people from simply trading with each other in gold and silver ?
Why are you still being paid in fiat dollars , and why ca n’t you pay for gas in gold ?
The answer is that the government has enacted policies that provide considerable stumbling blocks to such transactions .
One of the main stumbling blocks is Federal legal tender laws , which state that government - controlled fiat currency MUST be accepted for many kinds of monetary transactions .
In light of this , Gresham ’s Law takes effect .
Gresham ’s
Law states that bad money drives out good money .
Meaning , if someone is forced to accept your bad money , it is to your advantage to pass it off , like a hot potato , in exchange for something of value .
Any good money you have , you will hoard .
Eventually , real money is driven out of circulation and under people ’s mattresses , so to speak .
In the absence of legal tender laws , people are free to accept the medium of exchange of their choice , and are likely to insist on payment in something of real value .
Related to legal tender laws , contracts in gold are not enforced .
Meaning if two parties agree to exchange goods or services for gold , and end up in a dispute , the courts will simply settle the dispute in Federal Reserve notes .
Governments should do very little , in my estimation , but it should enforce contracts and property rights through the courts .
But in this instance it shirks this basic duty , when it comes to gold , as one way to keep control of our economy and the medium of exchange .
One is also expected to pay sales tax on the purchase of gold .
This is as ludicrous as if you paid sales tax at the bank when you converted dollars into quarters !
The IRS also expects you to pay capital gains tax on gold , which is so backwards , since gains on gold really represent decline in the value of the dollar !
Legal tender laws should be repealed at the Federal level .
Congress has the Constitutional duty to protect the integrity of our money .
However , since it has passed this duty off , and the Federal Reserve has only debased our currency , Congress should no longer force Americans to do business in dollars if they would prefer to transact in gold , or silver , or cigarettes or seashells , for that matter .
Free people should be free to associate and do business in ways that benefit them .
Instead they are forced to use the unstable dollar to their own detriment , and the benefit the government .
See the Ron Paul File
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
CANBERRA ( Reuters Life ! ) -
A pony - size pig who held an Australian woman hostage for 10 days inside her home will be removed on Wednesday to a piggery , where his bacon will be saved by a stint on stud duties , rangers said .
The 80 kg ( 176 pound ) pig , nicknamed Bruce , kept self - confessed animal lover Caroline Hayes , 63 , in her farmhouse near Uki , in northern New South Wales State , with aggressive demands to be fed , even headbutting her bedroom door at night .
“ I picked up a broom and poked him out with it and he snapped it in half with his mouth , ” Hayes told Australian media .
She said the pushy pig was as big as a “ Shetland pony ” and wandered onto her property 11 days ago after being let loose in surrounding rainforest by neighbors .
“ One of its eyes it could n’t see out of , so I put cream in it and I fixed its back up .
But apparently it ’s actually claimed my land and claimed my place , ” Hayes said .
Len Hing , a pest animal ranger from the local Tweed Lismore Rural Lands Protection Board , told Australian Broadcasting Corp. radio that Bruce was friendly , but his large size made him a handful when he was hungry .
“ I would n’t like to see the pig go as a pet anywhere because he could become a potentially dangerous animal , ” he said .
Rangers were to remove the pig on Wednesday and take him to a piggery where he was to be placed on stud duty , Hing said .
Sen . John McCain accuses Sen. Barack Obama of being a “ socialist , ” but it is President George W. Bush , supported by Sen. McCain , who has done the most to socialize the U.S. economy .
Courtesy of the Republican Party , the federal government is set to own a sizeable chunk of the housing , auto , banking and insurance industries , as well as pieces of individual companies lining up to sell securities to Washington .
Even individual homes , with Uncle Sam preparing to become the mortgage guarantor of last resort , are the targets of nationalization .
What will be left for the next president to socialize ?
The Republican Party once campaigned against irresponsible federal spending and government red ink .
Then George W. Bush became president .
With a Republican Congress , he turned a budget surplus into a half trillion dollar deficit , added trillions of dollars in unfunded liabilities with creation of the Medicare drug benefit , and expanded virtually every federal program , domestic as well as foreign .
How is this different from what the Democratic Party has been promising to do for years ?
Only after the Democrats retook control of Congress did President Bush suddenly become concerned about fiscal responsibility .
But that lasted only until the subprime mortgage crisis enveloped Washington .
Taking its cue from Democratic tax and spend policies of the past , the administration then opened the Treasury doors to all comers .
So far , the Bush administration , Congress , and Federal Reserve have provided more than $ 2 trillion in bailouts .
Congress got the ball rolling , with an assist from the administration , with a $ 300 billion bailout of the housing industry .
The president even agreed to a multi-million dollar taxpayer pay - off to the left - wing activist group ACORN to grease the legislative wheels .
Then Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson abandoned his contrary assurances and nationalized Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac at a cost of $ 200 billion , though the price could go higher .
Bailouts began sprouting like mushrooms after a heavy rain — $ 29 billion to cover Bear Stearns , hundreds of billions of dollars from the Federal Reserve to banks and investment banks , as well as to buy mortgage - backed securities , $ 85 billion to nationalize the big insurer AIG , followed by another $ 38 billion for AIG and $ 25 billion more in loans to the auto industry .
Then there was the grand pay - off to Wall Street .
Secretary Paulson came up with the wholly arbitrary $ 700 billion bailout — his aides admitted that he just wanted a really big number .
And the administration accepted an extra $ 150 billion in pork and special tax breaks to win over reluctant congressmen .
The purpose , we were told , was to clear “ toxic ” paper off of corporate balance sheets .
It turns out this was nothing more than another Bush Administration bait - and - switch .
Now the $ 700 billion is being used to buy up the U.S. economy .
First , the administration decided to “ invest ” in big banks , whether they wanted it or not .
The Bush administration put pressure on even sound institutions and argued that bankers must accept Republican socialism as a matter of patriotism .
Who knows when , if ever , the government will sell off its stake in America ’s financial system .
Then the administration suggested a new $ 40 billion homeowners program .
The federal government is going to start guaranteeing individual mortgages .
A lender who makes a bad loan will be assured of repayment so long as he cuts the interest rate or principal .
A homeowner who should never have bought the house will get bailed - out by responsible homeowners and renters .
But the administration is n’t finished .
On Friday , October 24 , the Treasury Department announced that it was going to buy ownership stakes in major insurance companies .
After all , the insurers are in trouble too .
So The Hartford , MetLife , and Prudential already are in line for a government hand - out .
Now the Financial Services Roundtable has asked the Treasury Department to buy into securities dealers , auto manufacturers , and even U.S. subsidiaries of foreign companies .
After all , they “ play a vital role in the U.S. economy , ” explained the Roundtable .
By that criterion , what industry or company does n’t qualify for a bail - out ?
Is Sen. Obama “ socialist ? ”
Yes , he wants to “ spread the wealth , ” as he puts it .
But that ’s what the Republicans have been doing for the last eight years .
We already have " big government , " " socialism , " or whatever else you want to call it — and it was Republicans who gave it to us .
Even if he was elected , Sen. McCain would continue to this drive to bigger and bigger government :
He has proposed that the federal government spend $ 300 billion to buy every bad mortgage in America .
But , he is n’t going to win .
The real alternative this election is Bob Barr and the Libertarian Party .
Only a vote for Bob Barr will tell Washington that there are Americans who do n’t want socialism , whether from the Democrats or the Republicans .
Only Bob Barr represents real change in Washington .
Sallie Krawcheck Leaving Citigroup
, head of Citigroup 's wealth management unit , is leaving the company .
43 - year - old Krawcheck , one of the highest - profile women on Wall Street , was seen as the frontrunner to head up the entire company .
Her exit comes as Vikram S. Pandit tries to reshape the company and install his own senior management team .
Ms. Krawcheck was criticized by former colleagues in her previous position as finance chief , who felt she was not up to the job .
It is unclear what she will do next .
Michael Corbat , who currently heads the corporate and commercial bank in Citigroup 's investment banking unit will replace Krawcheck .
Wealth management includes the Smith Barney brokerage and the private bank , which caters to wealthy clients .
Krawcheck was responsible for restoring the image of Smith Barney , who 's image was tarnished in the Wall Street scandal over biased stock research .
[ Haskell - cafe ] Announce : Reactive library ( FRP ) and mailing list
Reactive [ 1 ] is a library for functional reactive programming ( FRP ) , similar to the original Fran [ 2 ] but with a more modern interface ( using standard type classes ) and a hybrid push / pull implementation .
It is designed to be used in a variety of contexts , such as interactive 2D and 3D graphics , graphical user interfaces , web services , and automatic recompilation / re-execution .
It has a simple and precise semantics based on continuous time and is built on a notion of functional future values .
The semantics and implementation are described in the paper " Simply efficient functional reactivity " [ 3 ] .
Reactive now has a mailing list [ 4 ] and a feature / bug tracker [ 5 ] . [ 1 ]
http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Reactive [ 2 ]
http://conal.net/Fran [ 3 ]
http://conal.net/papers/simply-reactive [ 4 ]
http://www.haskell.org/mailman/listinfo/reactive [ 5 ]
http://trac.haskell.org/reactive
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20081109/856c428c/attachment.htm
Criticism is especially telling when it comes from someone who should be close to you .
Sarah Palin is already the most famous Alaskan ever , as well as the powerful governor of a proud state , which makes last Saturday 's editorial in her local paper endorsing Barack Obama all the more commendable .
The Anchorage Daily News could have been forgiven had it put aside its doubts to back the Republican ticket and the local girl .
After all , were she ever to become vice president , Ms Palin would no doubt shower on Alaska all the pork - barrel goodies her running mate John McCain has been promising to abolish .
It takes guts to show editorial independence in such circumstances .
But Alaska 's only big paper has managed to do it .
Its reporting has been bold and informed ever since Mr McCain made his surprise pick at the end of the summer .
While the big papers were recovering from the shock , and trying to work out how to reach her hometown of Wasilla , the Anchorage Daily News was ready with facts about her less - than - wholesome record as state governor .
In its editorial at the weekend the paper was explicit about the dangers of what it called " an improbable and highly memorable event " .
" Despite her formidable gifts , few who have worked closely with the governor would argue she is truly ready to assume command of the most important , powerful nation on earth , " the editorial concluded .
The Anchorage Daily News may not swing many votes in Alaska .
But America should give thanks for the warning .
Published by bacontodayadmin
For two straight days this September , thieves stole ALL the bacon from a Londis supermarket in Burnley , Lancs ( United Kingdom ) .
In response to this tragedy , the shopkeepers now keep all their bacon locked securely in the refrigerated stockroom .
If patrons want to purchase bacon they now have to ask for it upon checkout and the bacon will be brought out to them .
“ It is thought the soaring price ( bacon has increased by 100 percent in the last 12 months ) and the fact that it is easy to conceal , make it an ideal target for shoplifters . ”
Police in the area think that heroin addicts are stealing the bacon , selling it on the street and using those dollars to buy drugs .
And here we though bacon was a drug …
Categorised in : Bacon News
This post was written by bacontodayadmin
Tuesday , 16 Sep , 2008 Science
NASA looks forward to build a base on the moon , which is why it is currently working on a technology development program to power the planned base .
The main goal of NASA 's Fission Surface Power Project is to generate in a five - year period a non-nuclear prototype unit .
The last venture of the agency into nuclear technologies started in 2003 and was dubbed Prometheus .
The project was based on nuclear propulsion and nuclear - powered generators .
Thus NASA was able to support its manned mission to the red planet and a number of deep - space investigations .
Despite the fact that the project ended , NASA preserved an effort to create a compact and autonomous fission reactor for its new exploration mission called Project Constellation .
Scientists hope to take astronauts back to the moon by 2020 to set a base prior to its manned mission to Mars and other parts of our solar system .
The project is estimated at $ 10 million a year .
This week the agency signed two agreements for power conversion units for its projects that are used to transform the heat of nuclear reaction into electricity .
NASA will need a system able to generate about 40 kilowatts of electricity that can light up in average eight homes .
The agency will launch its system cold and without any radioactive elements until starting its maneuvers on the surface of Earth 's natural satellite .
Scientists at NASA will probably bury the system so that the lunar soil can play the role of a shield .
Lee Mason , the manager of the project , assured that there would be no nuclear materials used in the ground system .
" Our goal is to build a technology demonstration unit with all the major components of a fission surface power system and conduct non-nuclear , integrated system testing in a ground - based space simulation facility , " said Mr. Masson .
The engineers will have to challenge severe , radioactive mediums and extreme temperatures of space .
" As you get further and further out , the missions get longer and longer , and you 're going to have to have higher and higher power levels .
You 're probably going to have to have nuclear , and I think that will be recognized not only here in the U.S. , but around the world , " said John Warren , who oversees the program at NASA headquarters in Washington D.C .
Source : Discovery
During this election season theatergoers in New York can see a dozen or so overtly political plays , about Iraq , Washington corruption , feminism or immigration ; what they wo n’t see are any with a conservative perspective .
If you think the one - sidedness is a result of the city ’s generous supply of liberals , then look west of the Alleghenies , where , from Pittsburgh to Des Moines , on down to Austin , Tex. , and all the way back up to Ashland , Ore. , the absence is just as noticeable .
Artistic directors of regional theaters and playwriting programs throughout the country are quick to point out that most American plays avoid politics altogether or cannot be easily categorized .
Nonetheless , many have been struck by the lack of plays that , for instance , question multiculturalism , gay marriage and abortion rights , or champion an unfettered free market , a strong military and barriers to immigration .
The problem , they say , is not that authors with those ideas cannot get their plays produced , but rather that they can not be found .
Art Borreca , who has been the head of the Playwrights Workshop in Iowa since 1997 , said he reads at least 100 new plays a year by students and applicants and had come across only one that had what could be considered a conservative viewpoint  and that was written by a liberal professor who thought his skepticism of multicultural courses was being unfairly characterized .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) recently held a successful preliminary design review for the Ares I rocket – NASA ’s crew launch rocket scheduled to replace the aging space shuttle sometime in the next decade .
Over 1,100 specialists reviewed the plans for the rocket design .
Successful completion of the review allows each individual element of the rocket to move into a more detailed design process .
Ares I -X and Ares I ( right ) Rockets
illustration ( Credit : NASA )
Reviewers represented seven NASA research centers and several industry partners slated to work on the Ares rocket and related programs .
Separate reviews of the upper stage rocket , the first stage , and the upper stage were completed prior to this larger review tying together all of the components and examining the plans as a whole .
The design review identified a potential issue with thrust oscillation vibration in the first stage of the rocket .
Engineers recommended options to fix the problem and a follow - up review next summer will integrate those changes into the full design .
A critical design review will follow after the detailed design is completed for each element .
The first detailed design kickoff concentrates on the J - 2X engine that will power the upper stage to orbit after separation from the first stage .
NASA launch vehicle comparison
past present and future ( Credit : NASA )
The Ares I rocket pulls many of its design elements from the Space Shuttle and the Saturn rockets used in Apollo missions .
Its first stage consists primarily of a solid fuel rocket based on the shuttle ’s solid rocket booster while the J - 2X engine used in the upper stage is based on the J - 2 engine used in the Saturn IB and Saturn V rockets .
The upper stage thruster system is also based on the Saturn rockets .
The Ares I rocket is set for initial launch in 2015 as part of the Constellation program .
Initial missions will lift the Orion crew exploration vehicle with its four to six crew members and cargo payloads to the International Space Station .
Later lunar missions and eventual trips to Mars are planned .
TFOT has reported on other rocket engine technologies and spacecraft including an antimatter engine using positrons for fuel , a new privately developed lunar lander , an experimental supersonic combustion ramjet or scramjet , and tests of a methane - powered rocket engine .
You can read more about the test process in the official press release here .
You can also find information on NASA ’s Constellation program here and the Ares I rocket here .
Live a comfortable life , not a wasteful one .
Do not spend to impress others .
Do not live life trying to fool yourself into thinking wealth is measured in material objects .
Manage your money wisely so your money does not manage you .
Always live well below your means .
A penny saved is a penny earned .
– Benjamin Franklin
Redefine your definition of “ rich ” .
– I remember sitting in a cubicle at my first professional job staring at a picture of an SUV I wanted to buy ( and eventually did ) .
Now , I sit in my office and look at the pictures of my kids , and just outside my window I can see the beater I drive sitting in the company parking lot .
What a difference a decade makes !
To sum things up , my definition of being rich is having enough money to meet my family ’s basic needs , a few of our wants , and to be able to give some away to others .
Borrow and share .
Everyone wins !
–
We borrowed a DVD from a friend instead of renting or buying and had a little snack from our own fridge !
Way cheaper than using gas to drive to the theater / rental place , paying for a movie or Amazon Prime , and paying for a snack .
Avoid the mall .
– Going to the mall is not entertainment !
We used to go when we were bored .
Of course , we usually ended up spending money while we were there .
If you need clothes , then shop sales or go to stores that offer name - brands at a discount .
You can save a ton on these items if you are a smart shopper .
Dave Ramsey says , “ Never pay retail ! ”
We probably save $ 15 to $ 30 per month by staying away from the mall .
Limit your intake of advertisements .
– Advertising sucks .
That ’s the cold , hard truth .
It ’s engineered to make you feel like you ’re incomplete , that you have an unfulfilled need , that you ’re not good enough .
Buy with cash .
–
You ca n’t spend money you do n’t have .
Many bank accounts provide overdraft protection , so even with a debit card , it ’s easier to go over your account balance than you think .
Find a better deal and actually SAVE the difference .
– Regardless of what they sell , if you ’ve switched companies for price reasons , save the difference .
Think of phone companies , internet access , cell phones , credit cards , and others .
Adhere to a long - term investment strategy .
– I ’m a long - term investor .
The stock portion of my portfolio is spread over several mutual funds , a few ETFs and a few individual stocks .
Each and every one of these holdings was carefully chosen , after thorough research .
I believe in these stocks and funds .
I consider them as my best bet in growing my money – LONG TERM .
Curb your consumerism ! –
Have you ever watched how a child can play with a cardboard box for hours , and leave the toy that came in it by the wayside ?
How is it that children can enjoy themselves without a lot of “ stuff ” , but we as adults feel the need to reward ourselves by buying more stuff ?
Stay Healthy !
Medical problems drain bank accounts .
– James M. Rippe , M.D is a best - selling author , world - renowned cardiologist , and founder of the Rippe Lifestyle Institute .
He explains that if you look at all the risk factors for dying , the one that is most predictive is fitness level .
In addition , an older person with high cardiovascular fitness is healthier than a younger person who is physically inactive .
By increasing your fitness level , you can actually roll back your biological clock .
Stay in and relax .
–
So , think about it the next time you go out .
Are you going for with a purpose ?
Maybe the solution is to not go out at all .
Stay home and save !
Save up for something you really want or need .
Gradually prepare yourself for a rainy day .
–
Even when things are going great , and you feel on top of the world , you must always be prepared for a change .
If you take the time and patience to set yourself up properly , then when things to take a turn for the worse , you will be prepared to handle it .
If you live above your means , then when the slightest change occurs , you will not be prepared to adapt .
Financial flexibility is more important then keeping up with the Jones ’ .
Stop competing .
Forget about the Jones ’ altogether .
–
If getting rich makes us happy , then why do n’t countries as a whole get happier as they grow wealthier ?
They discovered that as a country gets wealthier there ’s no overall increase in happiness .
Why ?
We continually compare our wealth against that of others .
We are competitive and envious .
Add to that the fact that Western countries encourage people to strive for more and more , and you have a formula that spins many into depression .
Get out of the “ easy street ” mentality .
– I think there is too much emphasis on the quick fix or the easy option in today ’s society .
For example taking diet pills to lose weight instead of the “ hard option ” – exercising and eating well ….
money is sometimes being used as a substitute for hard work .
Do you think there is an increasing expectation that you can get want you want by throwing money around instead of working hard and “ earning ” it ?
Avoid impulse buying .
Buy things you truly need .
–
Do n’t you just love the excitement you feel after coming home with a new TV ?
Driving home in a new car ?
Opening the box on a new pair of shoes ?
I sure do .
But , from watching the behavior of myself and my friends I ’ve found that the new quickly becomes just another item .
The excitement of novelty passes quickly .
Time is money .
Properly manage your time .
–
The fewer tasks you have , the less you have to do to organize them .
Focus only on those tasks that give you the absolute most return on your time investment , and you will become more productive and have less to do .
You will need only the simplest tools and system , and you will be much less stressed .
I think that ’s a winning combination .
Focus always on simplifying , reducing , eliminating .
And keep your focus on what ’s important .
Everything else is easy .
Find ways to give without spending .
–
Want a quick , easy and ( almost ) free way to be guaranteed that you ’ll make someone ’s day special ?
Send them a letter .
Why not set aside some time this weekend to sit down and write to a few people ?
If you do n’t enjoy writing , try buying some nice postcards of your home town .
If you ’ve got an artistic streak , why not design your own note cards ?
You do n’t have to write a long letter for it to be effective .
It ’s the thought that counts and the personal touch that makes it special .
Do n’t let greed and deceit get the best of you .
– According to Stephen R. Covey , if you reach an admirable end through the wrong means it will ultimately turn to dust in your hands .
This is due to unintended consequences that are not seen or evident at first .
The example he gives in The 8th Habit is :
The parent who yells at their kids to clean their rooms will accomplish the end of having a clean room .
But this very means has the potential to negatively affect relationships , and it is unlikely the room will stay clean when the parent leaves town for a few days .
Now , to return to the topic of wealth , I think it is possible to see much of the world ’s current financial problems as stemming from people who wrongly believe the ends justify the means .
My advice ?
It is fine to aspire to wealth , but do n’t lose sight of the means to accomplishing it .
Never ever pay retail .
–
You can easily save hundreds of dollars a year on clothing purchases by waiting for sales or shopping at discount retailers like Marshalls .
Better yet , avoid name brand clothing all together .
Also , check out these best selling books for more financial tips :
Photo by : CayUSA
Like virtually no one else in the country , I stayed up to watch the final US presidential debate the other night , which started at the user - friendly time of 2 am and lasted 350 hours , if you count all the post - match analysis .
All the rolling news channels were covering it live , of course , so my choice of network was largely based on aesthetics .
Sky News had the colour turned up to cartoon levels , so that was out .
The BBC had a more sober palette , and was showing it in widescreen , but there were n't enough distracting tickers and graphics to maintain my attention - I know they 're bad , but I just can't help myself - so before long I started channel - surfing .
The moment I alighted on CNN , I knew I was going to stay there .
Why ?
Because they had an animated graph .
It looked like a heart monitor .
For a moment , I thought it was displaying the opponents ' pulses .
Or maybe it was hooked up to a pad in their seats , and was scrupulously monitoring the amount of arse sweat they 'd generate if a tricky question reared its head .
But no .
Instead it was supposed to be a visual representation of the ever - shifting mind - set of a group of uncommitted Ohio voters .
Rather than shoving electrodes into said voters ' brains , so they looked like miserable cats in an anti-vivisection poster , CNN had taken the humane route and given them some sort of approval - rating widget .
So if you were holding one , and Obama said something you did n't like , you turned the dial down , and if McCain said something you did like , you turned it up .
And vice versa .
There was one line for women and another for men , so you could see how the different sexes had different reactions .
Sadly , that was the full extent of demographic separation .
They could 've broken it down a little further .
It would 've been fascinating to see how , say , overweight ginger - haired postmen felt about the possibility of a new free trade agreement with Colombia , but the lazy bastards at CNN could n't be arsed to tell us .
This shocking oversight aside , watching the wobbly line snake up and down as the candidates spoke was mesmerising .
So mesmerising you could n't really hear what they were saying .
In fact , it turned the debate into a video game - like SingStar , the PlayStation karaoke thing where you get drunk and try to belt your way through Girls Just Wanna Have Fun without hitting too many bum notes .
When the delicate subject of abortion came up , the line became yet more fiddly , and turned into one of those infuriating puzzles where you have to move a metal loop along a twisty - turny electrified wire without touching the sides .
Since it 's impossible not to root for one candidate or another , this meant that you found yourself egging your favourite on in craven and bizarre ways .
" Shit , the line 's dropping - quick , make a rash promise to the American people !
Say you 'll eliminate taxes !
Claim to be Christ !
Offer free hand - jobs !
Anything ! "
At one point I found myself thinking it'd be useful if people had those approval - monitor graphs on their faces in real life , so when you were talking to them at parties you could tell , at a glance , just how interested or bored they were .
Then I remembered that 's what basic facial expressions are for .
Nature always gets there first .
Speaking of facial expressions , during the eight or nine nanoseconds I was n't focused intently on the animated line , the lingering reaction shots provided much entertainment .
The screen was split in two so you could see their faces while the other was talking .
Obama smiled a lot , so much in fact that he started resembling a reality show contestant watching a compilation of his " best bits " .
McCain 's face did n't know quite what to do with itself .
It kept trying to look furious .
Then you 'd see him remember that looking furious does n't play well , so he 'd arrange his face into a tight , eerie grin , while appearing to grow increasingly furious with himself for failing to hide his earlier fury , thereby creating an unfortunate anger - based feedback loop .
He should 've worn a mask .
Is the world ready for a masked president ?
Hell , yeah .
How about one in a Sarah Palin mask ?
Or Chico Marx ?
Or Jason Voorhees from Friday the 13th ?
That 'd really have thrown Obama off his stride , and given the networks something else to debate ad nauseam , thereby putting McCain back at the top of the news agenda .
Is this a new maverick strategy , or a mental breakdown ?
The pundits would be at it for hours .
Despite the visual distractions , a few words and noises did register in my brain .
Obama 's voice is so soothing , I kept thinking he was about to start advertising coffee .
" I want to say to the American people : this is the finest , mellowest blend your money can buy . "
McCain , meanwhile , was narrating a children 's story about Joe the Plumber .
Maybe it 's a back - up plan : if he does n't win the presidency , he 's going to launch a stop- motion animation series on Nickelodeon .
There 's probably a warehouse full of Joe the Plumber action figures out there somewhere in the Arizona desert just waiting for the say - so .
I kept waiting for Obama to counter McCain 's talk of Joe the Plumber by bringing up Boris the Spider or Dennis the Menace or something , but no .
He started addressing Joe too .
Before long they were both at it , appealing to Joe straight down the lens , which meant I had to keep looking behind me in case he was standing there , fixing a pipe .
Then it was over and I went to bed .
At least I think I did .
Perhaps it was all a dream .
Certainly felt that way .
An election in Narnia .
And they all lived happily ever after .
The end .
• This week Charlie struggled to understand the interface on his new phone : " It 's like a cross between Windows and a sarcastic cartoon about Windows , with the added disadvantage that you have to try to operate it with your stubby little thumbs . "
Freedom Not Fear : the Big Picture unveiled on Parliament Square
Thanks to everyone who came along to Parliament Square this morning and made the ORG / No2ID “ Big Picture ” event such a success .
The sun was shining as we constructed a massive 4 m x 5 m collage of all the photos you ’ve been uploading of UK surveillance state ephemeraover the past couple of weeks .
The result was this huge , Big -Brother - esque photo of Gordon Brown looking over Parliament Square against a background of barbed wire , handcuffs and double helices : an image of the society of total surveillance the UK is rapidly becoming .
Our message was clear : although as individuals we only see incremental invasions of our privacy , put together , these creeping changes constitute a wholesale shift towards a society predicated not on freedom , but on fear .
As you can see from the photos of the event , despite the seriousness of our message , we had a lot of fun delivering it to Parliament .
Thanks to the ORG and No2ID communities , Action on Rights for Children and Godalming Quakers ( and of course to the special envoy sent from the under - twos community to speak out against ContactPoint ) , for coming along and helping out .
Credits to Christopher Scally for artwork , AndreaMosaic for the mosaicing tools , Tom Ackers for Production Coordination and everyone who contributed photos of surveillance state ephemera .
We ’ll be making a high quality download of the image available for re-use next week .
Until then , you can see more images of the event here .
Inundated by rabbits , Robben Island in South Africa , will close for several weeks as officials cull the local population , BBC News reports .
The island is home to the prison where former South African President Nelson Mandela was held for 18 years .
According to officials , the rabbit population has become so unwieldy that it endangers the island ’s vegetation and historic buildings .
“ The current population is so large that it threatens to permanently damage the island ’s sensitive vegetation , and poses a serious threat to other fauna species , ” said Seelan Naidoo , an official at the Robben Island museum .
The UN World Heritage site , which has become one of the country ’s most famous tourist attractions , will close from November 1 - 16 so officials can carry out a humane culling of the animals .
Officials also say they will carry out an island - wide sterilization program to keep the rabbit population at a manageable and sustainable size .
Image credit : peterastn via flickr under a Creative Commons License
BMW is rolling ahead with plans for the all - electric Mini we told you about back in July , and it has at least one test mule tooling around the streets of Germany , where a photographer snapped some pix .
Although the car in the pix posted over at Car & Driver looks just like a regular Mini , a close look at the photo above shows it 's got no tailpipe .
You can't quite make out the sticker , but it reads " HYBRID Erprobungsfahrzeug , " which means " Hybrid vehicle testing . "
Yeah , that could suggest there 's an engine under the hood , but that would mean the car would have an exhaust pipe .
Check out the pix at Car & Driver — copyright issues preclude us from posting them here — and you 'll see for yourself .
It does n't have one .
Details are scarce , but Autocar says the Mini EV will use a lithium - ion battery , have a range of 100 to 135 miles and a 0 - to - 60 time of less than 9 seconds .
Last we heard , BMW planned to build just 500 electric Minis and bring them all to California to help meet the Golden State 's zero-emissions vehicle mandate that requires automakers to build 7,500 non-polluting cars by 2014 .
Do n't expect to get your hands on one , though — BMW says 490 of them will be leased " to selected customers , " and the other 10 will hit the auto show circuit .
Still , that has n't kept one Mini EV fanboy from launching an online petition urging BMW to bring the car to the masses .
So far , he 's got 694 signatures .
Want to add your name ?
Click here .
The Mini EV is the work of BMW 's Project i , a program launched earlier this year to develop low - emission city cars .
There 's no word on when BMW will bring the cars to California , but we 're told the car will make its debut next month at the Los Angeles auto show .
What is the Death Star ?
The Death Star , from the movie Star Wars , can be considered a hybrid " pumpkin carve / pumpkin sculpt " .
Pumpkin carving involves using the pumpkin almost as a surface for an image that is carved into the pumpkin .
This is pretty much a 2D image .
A pumpkin sculpt uses the pumpkin itself as a 3D object .
Because the pumpkin itself is the object and not a pattern on a pumpkin , we can probably call it a sculpture .
But unlike most sculptures , the way you carve it is exactly how you might do a pattern .
So lets get started .
If you have questions , please post them in the carvingpumpkins.com forum thread where the tutorial is posted .
If its during pumpkin carving season , I will be looking at this regularly ( but I might be carving , so wait a few hours for a response ! ) .
How Long Does it Take , and Is it Worth It ?
In all , if you start with a large pumpkin , you can expect to spend anywhere from 4 - 10 hours in making your Death Star .
If you 've never spent this long on a pumpkin , I can only tell you that if you 're hoping for an awesome reaction , you will have a very hard time beating the Death Star .
This thing is a HUGE hit with everyone .
Even jaded teenagers are blown away .
Even online , check out last year 's Wired.com 's contest for the geekiest pumpkin carves , and you 'll see the Death Star sitting HIGH atop some absolutely terrific competition .
What Skills Do I Need ? :
This tutorial assumes you have done pumpkin carving before .
Specifically , I am not going through the details of how to do a skinned pumpkin carve , where you can either cut all the way through , cut just the skin off or leave the pumpkin skin on to have a 3 - color pumpkin .
If you 're even mildly fluent with this type of pumpkin carving , you should find that Carving the Death Star is quite easy , if time consuming .
If you need to learn the basics , I highly recommend going to the CarvingPumpkins.com Instructions section , and then to visit the Q&A board for questions .
I would like to think it was my passion for the arts that led me to strip naked with 150 strangers and jump into a heated swimming pool on a rooftop in east London .
We were the volunteers who had agreed to be photographed by the ( fully clothed ) artist Spencer Tunick for his latest " live " installation .
But as I bobbed among the swell of naked bodies , I wondered if this was art , pornography , or just rampant exhibitionism .
Whatever its definition , I had disrobed on the roof of the private members ' club Shoreditch House , a former warehouse , at about the same time that most of the country was preparing for bed .
If a breakaway faction among us had not been orchestrating a high - spirited " Mexican wave " in the water , then this baroque , voluptuous vision of nudity might have passed as a scene from a modern - day Fellini film .
But this was Britain , and we appeared to be doing nudity with Benny Hill sniggering , comical tan lines and plenty of plonk .
Tunick , the American artist best known for creating " epic " sculptures around the world involving up to 18,000 people at a time , photographed in precise formations , had scaled down the numbers for his latest project .
In recent times , he has been working on his " Party Series " , which attempts to recreate Renaissance - style paintings in modern settings .
He hopes to exhibit the result in about two years .
" This is about nudity that takes places in the context of a party , " he said , before the shoot on Thursday night .
" It 's about the bodies ; shapes that are sensual but not overtly sexual .
For some , it 's a party climax , but I want the party to continue after I go . "
While at times it may have felt closer to Carry
On than Cara - vaggio – with some last - minute changes of mind , leaving several men clutching their modesty – there was a Bacchanalian spirit of rebellion and revelry in the air .
Only half an hour earlier , we had been a roomful of nervous strangers signing consent forms and pondering the terrors of total exposure .
Guests , among them entrepreneurs , headhunters , artists and lawyers , were offered plenty of complimentary wine .
Yet , despite the Dutch courage , there was still a moment of panic when Tunick asked us to strip .
One moment we were making polite conversation about the cold air , the next we were propped up against each other 's buttocks , lying intertwined on the floor , as requested by Tunick .
Surprisingly , a few who had been slow to disrobe suddenly appeared body - confident as they strode to centre stage ; some danced , others struck a pose .
Only the minority crept around the edges , with hollow - eyed expressions .
As I took off the final items of clothing , the warning words of Stephane Janssen , a 72 - year - old from Brussels who had featured in 11 previous naked sculptures , echoed loudly in my mind .
He said Tunick , now his friend , could be exacting .
" He has an idea of how he wants things .
If you have a tattoo , you might be sent to the back .
The same for a big butt . "
I braced for the worst .
Tunick , who was inspired by the 1960s artists staging public " happenings " , said : " I enjoy seeing the change in people 's spirits when they are naked , their enthusiasm to go beyond their limits , shedding their clothing .
I like working with people who have a new outlook for a short period .
It also feels like taking colour off a canvas and starting over again with white . "
Naked ambition
Spencer Tunick , 41 , began photographing unclothed individuals and small groups in the late 1980s after graduating from art college in Boston , Massachusetts .
He progressed to organising massive human sculptures to emphasise the abstract rather than sexual side of naked bodies and has created more than 75 temporary installations , each with hundreds or thousands of naked human bodies in public locations all over the world , including Mexico City , where 18,000 people posed in 2007 .
Belfast Telegraph
1,000 Christian families flee north Iraqi city : governor Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday October 11 , 2008
Print This Email This MOSUL , Iraq ( AFP ) â Nearly 1,000 Christian families have fled their homes in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul following the worst wave of violence against them in five years , provincial governor Duraid Kashmula said on Saturday .
The Christians had taken shelter over the past 24 hours in schools and churches in the northern and eastern fringes of Nineveh province after attacks that have killed at least 11 Christians since September 28 , Kashumula said .
At least three homes of Christians were blown up by unidentified attackers in the Sukkar district of Mosul , regarded by US and Iraqi security forces of one of the last urban bastions of the Al - Qaeda in Iraq .
" The ( violence ) is the fiercest campaign against the Christians since 2003 , " Kashmula said .
" Among those killed over the past 11 days were a doctor , an engineer and a handicapped person . "
The latest flight came as Chaldean Archbishop Louis Sako this week called on the US military as well as the government of Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki to protect Christians and other minorities in the face of a rash of deadly attacks .
In a recent interview with AFP , Sako called on the Americans to do more to protect Christians and other minorities .
" We are the target of a campaign of liquidation , a campaign of violence .
The objective is political , " Sako said .
He said that since the US - led invasion of 2003 , more than 200 Christians had been killed and a string of churches attacked , and added that the violence had intensified in recent weeks , particularly in the north .
It was now time for Prime Minister Maliki's Shiite Muslim - led government to deliver on repeated promises to do more to protect Iraq 's minorities , Sako said .
" We have heard many words from Prime Minister Maliki , but unfortunately this has not translated into reality , " he said .
" We continue to be targeted .
We want solutions , not promises . "
There were around 800,000 Christians in Iraq at the time of the US - led invasion , a number that has now shrunk by a third as the faithful have fled the country , the archbishop said .
He said Christians are dependent on the government and its US backers for protection .
Unlike the Shiite majority , the Sunni Arab former elite or the Kurds , they have no powerful tribes or militias to defend them .
" The Christians of Iraq are not militias or tribes to defend themselves , we have a bitter feeling of injustice , because innocent people are killed and we do not know why , " he said .
Christians used to pay protection money to insurgents groups , but the increase in violence in the past few months has forced some villages to start organising their own fighting forces to protect themselves .
In March , the body of the Chaldean archbishop of Mosul , Paul Faraj Rahho , was found in a shallow grave in the city two weeks after he was kidnapped .
Rahho , 65 , was abducted during a shootout in which three of his companions were killed as he returned home from celebrating mass on February 29 .
In Baghdad , gunmen shot dead a Syrian Orthodox priest , Youssef Adel , near his home in the city centre in April in an attack condemned by Pope Benedict XVI .
Former archbishop of Canterbury Lord George Carey has warned that the ethnic cleansing of Christians from Iraq had intensified since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein .
Iraq 's Christian community includes various denominations , including Syrian Orthodox and Catholic , and Armenian Orthodox and Roman Catholic congregations .
Jonathan S. Landay , McClatchy Newspapers
The Senate Intelligence Committee is examining allegations by two former U.S. military linguists that the super - secret National Security Agency routinely eavesdropped on the private telephone calls of American military officers , journalists and aid workers .
NSA interceptors purportedly shared some intercepts of highly personal conversations , including “ phone sex . ”
If the allegations are true , they could re-ignite a political firestorm over the administration ’s post - 9/11 eavesdropping operations and its efforts to collect vast quantities of data about Americans ’ tax , medical and travel records ; credit card purchases ; e-mails and other information .
President Bush and other senior officials have repeatedly asserted that after the 9/11 attacks ; the NSA only monitored the private communications of Americans who were suspected of links to al Qaida or other terrorist groups without court orders .
( Original Article )
What do failing banks and foreclosed houses have to do with race tracks ?
A lot , apparently , if you 're Charles Schumer .
The New York Senator added an earmark to the nation 's $ 700 billion " rescue plan " that will extend current tax laws for race tracks that allow them to be considered the same as amusement parks in the eyes of the IRS .
As long as that 's the case , track facilities can write off improvements to their concession stands , parking lots and the tracks themselves over a seven - year period rather than 15 years .
On the surface this sounds like small potatoes , but adding up the numbers reveals that the tracks will save $ 100 million in taxes by writing off improvements over a shorter span of time .
That means less of the earnings from each of those seven years will go towards taxes , helping the track owners achieve a higher annual profit in the short term .
The race track earmark was n't in the House bill that got shot down last week , but was added by Senator Schumer to the 450 - page bill , along with a number of other earmarks by other senators , to attract a few more Yes votes when the bill returned to the House of Representatives .
It must have worked , as the House passed the bill today by a vote of 263- 171 and it was signed into law by President Bush this afternoon .
We feel rescued already .
[ Source : Miami Herald
The pleasant spa town of Bad Kreuznach , astride the River Nahe in the rolling farmland of southwestern Germany , was until a few years ago best known for its American army base and its fine local Riesling .
But the Americans have since moved away , the economic blow only partly softened by the expansion of a local Michelin plant .
This year 's grape harvest has been threatened by downpours of near - biblical proportions .
And now , Bad Kreuznach finds itself at the centre of one of the most bizarre , high - profile murder mysteries in the country 's history - the search for an apparent serial killer whom police and prosecutors call , simply , ' The Woman Without a Face ' .
They have no fingerprints to go on .
No witnesses .
No description .
What they do have is a trail of DNA , now stretching back 15 years and across three countries - as well as a grisly new reason to put a face to her double helix .
A case that had for years been gnawingly disturbing , yet still fairly obscure , has leapt on to the front pages of German newspapers .
For it appears now that the mystery woman may not only be a killer , but a cop-killer .
In April 2007 , Michèle Kiesewetter , a 22 - year - old policewoman from an elite drugs squad , was taking a lunch break with a colleague in their BMW patrol car in Heilbronn , nearly 100 miles from Bad Kreuznach .
Two people climbed into the back seat and shot the officers from behind , killing the woman and seriously injuring her 25 - year - old partner .
The assailants struck so quickly their victims had not even drawn their weapons .
As dozens of green - uniformed officers , carrying a smiling portrait of their murdered colleague , paraded at her funeral , the case shocked and moved the country .
It also sparked one of the largest criminal investigations in German history - with results that at first puzzled , then stunned , the investigators .
The only clue was microscopic traces of DNA , found on the centre console and the rear passenger seat of the BMW .
And when the samples were finally fully secured , tested and compared with Germany 's central crime database nearly three months later , there was an extraordinary match - from two quite different murder scenes stretching back a decade and a half .
The ' Woman Without a Face ' had , it seemed , struck again .
If nothing else , the frenzy of media coverage that followed did at least give the mystery woman a name .
' The Phantom of Heilbronn ' , the headline writers soon dubbed her , as newspapers , magazines and documentary - makers chronicled the police efforts to hunt down their elusive suspect .
And the more the police probed , the more matches they turned up , not only with a string of further crimes across southern Germany but , as the DNA call went out across Europe , with nearly a dozen break - ins and vehicle thefts across the border in Austria and France .
Most galling of all for the investigators , her DNA signature has continued to turn up at new crime sites since Heilbronn - most bizarrely , perhaps , a few months ago when the corpses of three Georgian car dealers were trawled from a river near Heppenheim , south of Frankfurt .
Two men were jailed for the killing , an Iraqi and a Somali .
In the Iraqi suspect 's battered old Ford , forensic officers found traces of the same DNA found in the police car in Heilbronn .
But how did it get there ?
Who is the woman whose genetic calling card has been found at more than 20 scenes of theft , assault and murder hundreds of miles and more than a dozen years apart ?
If their Iraqi suspect can help , police say , he 's not telling .
More than 100 police and prosecutors in three separate teams across Germany , backed by DNA analysis from the BKA in Wiesbaden ( Germany 's equivalent of the FBI ) and by officers in Austria and France are now involved in an increasingly frantic effort to answer those questions .
But nowhere is the sense of determination - and growing frustration - felt more keenly than in a large , pale - yellow building in the centre of Bad Kreuznach .
With its long , cavernous hallways and quiet cubbyhole offices , it has the feel of a Fifties insurance office , or a firm of actuaries .
In fact , it is the headquarters of the prosecutors ' office of the state of Rheinland - Pfalz .
And it was here , 15 years ago , that the search for the Woman Without a Face began - with a DNA sample on the rim of a brightly painted teacup .
The cup belonged to a 62 - year - old woman in the nearby town of Idar - Oberstein , favoured by tourists for the Church of the Rock perched on the hills outside and by businessmen as one of the leading gem-cutting centres in Europe .
On 23 May 1993 , a neighbour who had knocked on her door and got no answer phoned the police .
When they arrived , they found Lieselotte Schlenger dead , strangled by a strand of wire taken from a bouquet of flowers in her sitting room .
' The only clue was the DNA , ' recalls Günter Horn , the boyish - looking 44 - year - old prosecutor in charge of unravelling a mystery that has since reached far beyond that first killing .
Dozens of potential witnesses were interviewed at the time , but no one had seen or heard anything suspicious .
After a while , the case was all but forgotten , set aside in the increasingly vain hope that fresh evidence might one day turn up .
Perhaps , police figured , the woman might at some point be arrested for another , less serious crime , and their puzzle piece would fit .
But eight years later , in 2001 , Horn says as he thumbs through two now - bulging pink cardboard files on the case , came a much more alarming match .
In Freiburg , in the far southwestern corner of Germany , a 61 - year - old antiques dealer was found dead - again , strangled .
The DNA at the scene was identical to that at the Idar - Oberstein murder .
It next appeared five months later , just a few dozen miles from Bad Kreuznach , on a discarded heroin syringe .
The soiled needle was turned in to police by a distraught woman whose seven - year - old son had unsuspectingly stepped on it in a playground in the town of Gerolstein , not far from the border with Belgium .
And in the increasingly fraught police efforts to unravel the mystery since the policewoman was killed in Heilbronn , checking the evidence against nearly half a million records held at the BKA in Wiesbaden , a dizzying mosaic of other DNA matches has emerged - and with it the beginning of a portrait of their quarry , and the company she keeps .
On the night of 24 October 2001 , two weeks after the syringe was found , a caravan was burgled on the outskirts of Mainz , not far from Bad Kreuznach .
DNA taken from an abandoned biscuit outside matched the Woman Without a Face .
On New Year 's Day in 2003 , there was a break - in at an office in Dietzenbach , seven miles outside of Frankfurt .
Her DNA was there , too .
In December 2003 , a car was stolen in Heilbronn .
It was later abandoned , and when it was tested , her DNA was found on the petrol cap .
In Karlsruhe in 2005 , there was a late - night robbery at a bar .
Her DNA was found on two beer bottles and an empty wine glass .
The following year , across the French border in Besançon , it turned up again - on a toy pistol used in a robbery .
And it turned up , too , in nearly a dozen break - ins at shops and offices , and several car thefts , in Austria .
At some of the crime scenes , the genetic print of presumed accomplices was also found , though according to Horn ' it was never the same ones ' .
At least three men have been arrested - from Slovakia , Serbia and Moldova .
But again , if they know anything about the Phantom of Heilbronn , they 're not saying .
And on the afternoon of 6 May 2005 , she - or traces of her - reappeared much closer to Bad Kreuznach , at an attempted murder in the cathedral city of Worms .
A member of the local gypsy community turned a 7.65 - calibre pistol on his brother , and police promptly arrested the gunman - only to find , after forensic checks in Wiesbaden , that the mystery woman 's DNA was on one of the bullets .
' But there are still no witnesses , and no other evidence , ' says Horn .
' All of us on the various teams talk to each other two or three times a month .
We meet , we email , but mostly we wait for another report saying the same DNA has turned up . '
The most recent , he says with a resigned sigh , came ' just a few months ago - from a fishing lodge in a little town called Saarhölzbach , in Saarland , near the Luxembourg border .
Someone came in at night and sneaked up behind the woman who was in charge of the cleaning staff , struck her hard on the back of the head , stole 300 euros , and left .
' Our suspect 's DNA was found in the room - not on the woman who was robbed , and who never saw the attacker , but in the room ...
Another clue , I guess .
But to be honest , we 're still no nearer to knowing who she is . '
It is not for lack of trying .
A €100,000 reward is now on offer .
Saliva swabs have been taken , too , from hundreds of women in southern Germany , France , even Belgium and Italy .
The testing strategy has been based on the hints - guesses , really , Horn acknowledges - from which the investigators have been struggling to build a coherent picture of the woman whose trail began on the rim of a teacup 15 years ago .
The syringe suggests drug use .
The apparent randomness of the break - ins , the small amounts often taken , point to targets of opportunity and a desperate need for cash .
The fact that many of the crime scenes have been in or around Horn 's patch suggest that the Woman Without a Face is ' still in southern Germany , still nearby ' .
Yet the geographical range of some of the crimes , the bizarre links with the murdered Georgians and the bullet used in the gypsy feud in Worms have convinced the police that she may have ties with one of the loosely linked groups and communities who move back and forth across Europe 's increasingly porous frontiers .
Horn , pointing to the evidence from the Austrian burglary sites , speculates that she may be part of an ' organised group of burglars from Eastern Europe ' .
But a colleague quickly interrupts : ' Even in jail , these people do n't talk . '
The DNA testers have taken samples from nearly 3,000 ' homeless women , women who are drug users , women who have a record of a serious crime ' , Horn says .
But so far there has been no match .
He adds that he is not at all surprised by the growing , gruesome fascination of the case for the media .
' There are the murders .
And the mystery . '
And , of course , what Horn calls the allure of ' the modern equivalent of fingerprints - DNA .'
DNA stands for deoxyribonucleic acid , which carries the genetic instructions from which all human beings are made , and it earned the scientists James Watson and Francis Crick a Nobel Prize for their work in identifying how it was structured .
But it was another British academic , the Leicester University geneticist Sir Alec Jeffreys , who paved the way for the marriage between genetic science and crime - solving .
In the Eighties , Jeffreys pioneered ' DNA profiling ' - based on generating a digital code , with a shrinkingly small probability of being found in another person , from the individual pattern in which brief portions of our DNA repeat themselves .
The technique was first used to crack a major crime in 1988 , when Jeffreys was called in to help solve a pair of shocking cases , three years apart .
Two teenage girls in the Leicestershire village of Narborough , Dawn Ashworth and Lynda Mann , had been sexually assaulted and murdered .
A young man was already in custody and had reportedly confessed to one of the killings .
But DNA profiling soon established that a local baker , named Colin Pitchfork , was in fact the murderer .
It was a breakthrough which , in the two decades since , has transformed the way crime is investigated , prosecuted and , of course , written about .
DNA ' evidence ' has dominated media coverage of countless high - profile crimes , most dramatically the murder of a number of prostitutes in Ipswich in 2006 , and the disappearance of Madeleine McCann last year .
Even crime fiction has changed beyond recognition .
Sherlock Holmes has given way to the likes of Kay Scarpetta , the DNA - savvy forensic scientist created by the best - selling American crime writer Patricia Cornwell .
So far , the one thing that DNA evidence has unequivocally revealed about the presumed murderer Günter Horn has spent years hoping to find is that she is a woman .
Some of the limitations of what else can be gleaned from the rim of a teacup , an empty beer bottle , a biscuit crumble , a toy gun or a real bullet are peculiarly German .
In the shadow of a Holocaust in which genetic pseudo - science became a handmaiden to genocide , there are strict limitations on DNA records held in Wiesbaden .
Only the full details of individuals convicted of serious crime can be added to the database .
And so far , at least , the Woman Without a Face is also a woman without a criminal record .
There are limits , too , in the aftermath of Hitler 's glorification of his blue - eyed , blond - haired ' master race ' , on what kind of scientific questions can be asked of the DNA samples that have linked the Woman Without a Face to the far - flung crime scenes .
Race and ethnicity are off - limits , as are eye and hair colour .
Horn is particularly quick to bat away suggestions raised in the wake of the Heilbronn killing , which was not far from a gypsy community , and the clan shooting in Worms , that the mystery woman may have ties to the gypsy , or Romany , community , which was targeted during the Holocaust , alongside the similarly ' non- Aryan ' Jews .
' There are lots of people and communities who move around , ' he says , before adding that the real problem - his real frustration - is that there are other , more serious limitations to the almost magical power now sometimes attributed to DNA .
He points to rumours in Austria , where limits on DNA testing are less stringent , suggesting that she may have blonde hair and blue eyes .
' But the fact is that there would be a significant percentage of error in any such conclusion ...
And in a population of 80 million people , that error would be measured in hundreds of thousands of people . '
It is a message of caution echoed at Europe 's leading DNA crime laboratory , the Forensic Science Service ( FSS ) in Birmingham , and by Jeffreys himself .
After Portuguese police first talked up their later discredited ' DNA evidence ' , suggesting Madeleine McCann 's parents might have been involved in her disappearance , Jeffreys was quoted as saying that even the FSS relies on a genetic database with insufficient ' markers ' fully to rule out the possibility of error .
A spokesperson at the FSS adds that Horn is right to be especially sceptical of the value of reports suggesting that Germany 's mystery killer might be blonde and blue - eyed .
' It is true , ' she says , ' that there is a test for identifying redheads , but only because so few of the population have red hair . '
But even a test like that can't ' identify ' a criminal .
And in cases where there is ' nothing else to go on ' , genetic profiling - particularly since the technique works by using repetitive ' junk ' DNA rather than the genetically encoding sequences - can provide ' only intelligence , only an inference ' .
Yes , says the spokesperson , DNA can be an enormously powerful tool in crime investigations , especially in matching a culprit to a series of crimes , or in reheating ' cold cases ' .
But in the end it is only ' one tool ' alongside many others - not least what Günter Horn describes as good , old - fashioned ' police work ' .
In Bad Kreuznach , and across Germany , that police work continues .
Horn fully expects another round of calls , emails and reports in the days ahead from the other teams at work on what has become the most intractable case he and his colleagues have ever handled .
The pressure for a solution is steadily building , stoked by a stream of breathlessly worded reports in the media and by a growing array of speculation and conspiracy theories in a town that still awaits a solution to the murder that started the mystery 15 years ago .
' Of course I 'm following the case of The Phantom .
We all are , ' remarks Christof Braun , a local taxi driver .
' Every few weeks , it seems , there 's a story that this DNA has been found at a crime scene somewhere else .
Who knows ?
Maybe the Phantom is even dead , and some other criminal is leaving traces of her DNA to fool the police !'
Horn , for his part , suspects the solution to the string of murders and other crimes , when it comes , will begin with the addition of a remarkably ordinary face to the still - unfocused picture assembled from the genetic traces she has left so widely and for so long .
' The Phantom ' is not , he is certain , some ' criminal genius ' who is cleverly outwitting the police and prosecutors of Germany and much of Europe .
' She leaves no fingerprints because she wears gloves , ' he says .
' That is pretty standard . '
There are no witnesses , presumably , because she steals in , she strikes , and she leaves .
Horn and his colleagues also recognise that even if they do finally match the DNA that has turned up at crime scenes around Europe with its owner , that will be only the beginning , not the end , of their real work .
They will have to establish definitively how and why the DNA - and its owner - got there ; what role she played , particularly at crime scenes where the DNA tests suggest other intruders were with her ; and of course build a case that will stand up in a court of law .
And if he and his colleagues remain confident that they will eventually get their woman , Horn is frank when asked how long that might take .
' Maybe another five years , ' he says , smiling .
' Maybe 10 years .
Or maybe tomorrow . '
So is he waiting for the Woman Without a Face to slip up - to leave a clue more useful , if less tantalising , than her DNA ?
For a witness ?
A tip - off ?
' Maybe all of those things , ' Horn replies .
' And in the end , just a bit of luck . '
Wow .
A decision by the Environmental Protection Agency today has ruled that all new and proposed coal - fired power plants must have their carbon dioxide emissions regulated .
What this means is that 30 permits for new coal - fired power plants in the seven state directly regulated by the EPA ’s permitting process , plus projects on all Indian Reservations will immediately die because of this ruling .
Wow .
A decision by the Environmental Protection Agency today has ruled that all new and proposed coal - fired power plants must have their carbon dioxide emissions regulated .
What this means is that 30 permits for new coal - fired power plants in the seven state directly regulated by the EPA ’s permitting process , plus projects on all Indian Reservations will immediately die because of this ruling .
Joanna Spalding , the Sierra Club attorney who successfully argued the case , delivered this statement :
Today ’s decision opens the way for meaningful action to fight global warming and is a major step in bringing about a clean energy economy .
This is one more sign that we must begin repowering , refueling and rebuilding America .
The EAB rejected every Bush Administration excuse for failing to regulate the largest source of greenhouse gases in the United States .
This decision gives the Obama Administration a clean slate to begin building our clean energy economy for the 21st century .
Here ’s the official statement from Sierra Club on the decision .
And here ’s the official ruling by the Environmental Appeals Board ( PDF ) .
The U.S. produces about 25 percent of global carbon dioxide emissions from burning fossil fuels .
Burning coal contributes 40 percent of U.S. CO2 emissions .
Coal is the most carbon intensive fossil fuel .
According to the United Nations Environment Program , coal emits around 1.7 times as much carbon per unit of energy when burned as does natural gas and 1.25 times as much as oil .
Please take a moment and vote for this amazing news on Digg.com !
“ Senator [ George ] Mitchell [ D - ME ] was the [ Senate ] majority leader and [ Democratic Senator ] Howell Heflin [ D - AL ] was his stooge and he was doing what he was told because they had , the rest were Democrats in the hearing .
So it ’s sort of a classic political smear job on John . ”
– John Dowd , lawyer for John McCain , on McCain campaign conference call to discuss the Keating Five Scandal , October 6 , 2008 .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Sex was an endless topic of conversation for the characters in director Kevin Smith ’s 1994 breakthrough hit “ Clerks , ” but in his new movie “ Zack and Miri Make a Porno , ” sex is more than talked about , it ’s on display .
The director of " Zack and Miri Make a Porno " , Kevin Smith , attends the premiere of the film in Los Angeles October 20 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Phil McCarte
“ Zack and Miri Make a Porno ” debuts in theaters on Friday and is likely to be labeled as Smith ’s most sex - filled movie yet in a career that is long on topics of sex , raunchy humor and scatology .
His 1997 film “ Chasing Amy ” tells of a woman who had sex with two men .
“ Dogma ” ( 1999 ) has a demonic character made of excrement .
In “ Clerks , ” a woman mistakenly has sex with a dead man in the dark and its sequel , 2006 ’s “ Clerks II , ” features a show involving a donkey -- enough said .
Still , Smith told Reuters in a recent interview that sex is not the point in “ Zack and Miri . ”
Love is .
The director uses sex as a way to explore human lives and relationships .
“ For me , a character is fully explored when you can really get your head around them , when you know a bunch about them , ” Smith said .
“ And there ’s no better way of knowing a person than knowing what their sex life is . ”
Zack and Miri ( Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks ) are not porn stars -- at least not until their dead - end jobs leave the platonic friends with no electricity or running water in the apartment they share in frigid Pittsburgh .
So , they enlist the help of some eager exhibitionists to make an amateur porn movie they believe will earn them enough money to lessen their predicament .
Zack and Miri promise each other that having sex on camera will not ruin their friendship , but making a porno movie proves to be more emotionally complicated than they expect .
“ The movie definitely lives up to its title .
Zack and Miri do indeed make a porno , ” Smith said .
“ But that being said , the movie ’s not really about it . ”
“ PORNO ” TOO HOT ?
Still , it took some convincing to get the Motion Picture Association of America to see the movie the way Smith does .
The MPAA represents major Hollywood studios , and its ratings are used as a way to classify the content within a film .
In the case of “ Zack and Miri , ” it was initially rated “ NC - 17 , ” which means no children 17 years - old and under are permitted .
Very often that rating has swayed some viewers and advertisers to think a film is , in fact , pornographic , even though it is not in the eyes of the MPAA ratings board .
Smith agrees some scenes “ push the edge of the envelope ” as to what could be considered porn , but he appealed the rating .
Eventually , it was reduced to “ R , ” which means people 17 and under can see it if they are accompanied by an adult .
Rogen , 26 , fresh off the success of his marijuana - themed summer hit “ Pineapple Express ” and the 2007 sex comedies “ Knocked Up ” and “ Superbad , ” -- all rated R -- said he never understood why “ Zack and Miri ” almost received an NC - 17 .
“ I honestly feel like if people saw it they would have been like , ‘ This is NC - 17 ? ’ ” Rogen said .
“ And they would have been disappointed ... I know enough about movies to know we ’re not doing anything that has n’t been done in movies rated PG - 13 . ”
Advertising the film , which is being released by The Weinstein Co , has proven tricky .
Officials in Philadelphia , for instance , declared their bus stops off - limits to ads because the film ’s story involved pornography , and TV spots are airing as just “ Zack and Miri ” without “ make a porno ” being spoken along with the title .
“ I ’m stunned that people have that big of an objection to the word , ” Smith said .
“ Porno is not a bad word , it ’s a word that describes something .
It ’s a word that describes a genre or a field of filmmaking , ” he said .
After John McCain canceled a CNN interview because CNN anchor Campbell Brown refused to take campaign spin for an answer , it 's worth asking what Faustian bargain ABC's Charles Gibson just made with the campaign to get his McCain exclusive .
An agreement not to ask about the elephants in the room ?
UPDATE : According to ABC
News senior vice president Jeff Schneider , they do n't agree to restrictions on interviews .
But he also noted that ABC booked the interview last week , which we believe means it would n't have been an exclusive if McCain had n't cancelled on Larry King .
See Also : McCain Retaliates Against CNN For Asking Tough Questions
Der Rechtsstreit um einen nicht existenten , aber angeblich Krebs auslösenden Mobilfunksender in Österreich ist beigelegt .
Der Salzburger Mobilfunk - und WLAN - Gegner und Umweltmediziner Dr. Gerd Oberfeld hat zur Kenntnis genommen , dass es an dem von ihm untersuchten Standort im steirischen Hausmanstätten nie eine C - Netz - Sendeanlage gegeben hat .
Oberfeld hatte Anfang des Jahres eine Langzeitstudie ( 1984 bis 1997 ) veröffentlicht , die in österreichischen Medien mit Schlagzeilen wie " Handymasten verursachen Krebs " rezipiert wurde .
In der Studie wurde ein erhöhtes Krebsrisiko bei Anwohnern einer österreichischen C - Netz - Mobilfunkanlage ( NMT 450 MHz ) festgestellt .
Tatsächlich gab es an dem Standort aber gar keine solche Sendeanlage .
Die Mobilkom Austria ( als Rechtsnachfolger des damaligen C - Netz - Betreibers Post - und Telegraphenverwaltung ) forderte den Studienautor daher auf , seine Studie zurückzuziehen .
Als dieser der Aufforderung nicht nachkam , klagte das Unternehmen .
Noch vor der für den morgigen Dienstag angesetzten zweiten Verhandlung haben sich die Parteien nun verglichen .
" Späte Einsicht : Dr. Gerd Oberfeld zieht Mobilfunk - Studie zurück " , freut sich die Mobilkom in einer Mitteilung .
Doch Oberfeld widersprach gegenüber heise online dieser Darstellung : " Ich nehme zur Kenntnis , dass an dem Standort keine C - Netz - Anlage war . "
Jedoch ziehe er seine Studie nicht zurück , sondern werde sie " an den neuen Kenntnisstand anpassen . "
Es gelte zu eruieren , was die Krebsfälle tatsächlich verursacht habe .
Auf welche Weise er versuchen werde , das aufzuklären , wollte Oberfeld nicht sagen .
Durch seinen Rückzieher verhindert er eine wahrscheinliche Verurteilung .
Die Mobilkom verzichtet auf einen Ersatz ihrer Kosten durch den Beklagten .
" Uns ging es vor allem darum , dass die österreichische Bevölkerung nicht durch nachweislich unzutreffende Behauptungen in die Irre geführt wird " , erklärte Mobilkom - CEO Boris Nemsic .
" Wir fordern im Interesse aller eine seriöse wissenschaftliche Diskussion über die Auswirkungen des Mobilfunks .
In der Studie von Dr. Oberfeld wurden aber Aussagen auf einer nicht existenten Grundlage getätigt , durch die zahlreiche Menschen in ganz Österreich schwer verunsichert wurden . "
Die Mobilkom legte im Gerichtsverfahren mit Ausnahme eines amtlichen Luftbildes ( PDF - Datei ) keine Beweise vor , die nicht schon im Vorfeld des Prozesses bekannt gewesen wären .
Oberfeld stellt die Beweiskraft des Luftbilds in Frage , weil man darauf unmöglich erkennen könne , ob eine C - Netz - Sendenanlage auf dem Hausdach vorhanden sei oder nicht .
Warum er sich trotzdem auf den Prozess eingelassen hatte , erklärt er damit , dass er die Angaben der Mobilkom zunächst nicht geglaubt habe .
Über den Sommer habe er jedoch vergeblich versucht , Beweise für die Existenz der Sendeanlage zu finden .
Zudem habe sich jener
Techniker , der einem Oberfeld - Mitarbeiter gegenüber Angaben über eine Sendeanlage in Hausmannstätten gemacht haben soll , nach Mobilkom - Angaben anders an das Gespräch erinnert .
Inzwischen könne er den Standpunkt der Mobilkom aber nachvollziehen , räumt Oberfeld ein .
Daher habe er sich mit dem Mobilfunker verglichen .
( Daniel AJ Sokolov ) / ( vbr )
You 'll remember the Durham fish oil " trial " story , possibly the greatest example of scientific incompetence documented from a local authority .
Initially it said - to blanket media coverage - that it was running a trial on fish oils , giving pills to 3,000 children to see if it improved GCSE performance .
I pointed out , along with several academics , that the experiment was incompetently designed , and would only produce false positive results .
The council responded that this was okay , as it had n't called it a " trial " .
This was untrue : it had , repeatedly , in press releases and interviews , and anyway , whatever you called it , this was still a stupid experiment .
Durham 's response was to edit the online version of its press release to remove the word " trial " .
Then I asked what it was going to do in this experiment , how it was going to measure results , and more .
It refused to give me this information - for an experiment by a public body performed on thousands of children - so I used the Freedom of Information Act .
It still refused .
Then hundreds of you wrote to its information commissioner , using the FoI , and it refused again , accusing us of running a " vexacious campaign " .
Then the GCSE results for Durham came out .
They were n't too great , so I asked for the results of the " trial " .
Durham refused to give me this information .
Then it announced , bizarrely , in a formal response to a written question : " It was never intended , and the county council never suggested , that it would use this initiative to draw conclusions about the effectiveness or otherwise of using fish oil to boost exam results . "
This was , once again , untrue .
Durham 's own press release had clearly said it was giving out the pills " to see whether the proven benefits it has already brought children and young people in earlier trials can boost exam performances too " .
The council 's chief schools inspector , Dave Ford , said : " The countywide trial will continue until the pupils complete their GCSE examinations next June , and the first test of the supplement 's effectiveness will be when they sit their ' mock ' exams this December . "
Suddenly this trial did not exist .
Now , bafflingly , in defiance of its previous denials , Durham has released some results .
" Detailed analysis of the outcome of the initiative , " it says , " shows that pupils who took the Omega - 3 supplement did better than those who did not . "
Hardly .
Let 's try to disentangle what it thinks it has done .
" Initially , just over 3,000 year 11 pupils began the study , taking the Omega - 3 tablets at school and at home .
By the time GCSE examinations came around , 832 pupils had 80 % or greater compliance . "
This is appalling .
2,168 of its subjects dropped out of the trial : it must count these people in the results .
It does not .
This makes the rest of its claimed results even more meaningless .
" Mr Ford and his colleagues then sought to identify the same number of year 11 pupils who had not taken the supplement and match them to those who had , according to school , gender , prior attainment and social background . "
It originally said it was going to compare children 's predicted GCSE performance ( whatever on earth that means ) against actual performance .
It refused to say how it would analyse this , despite hundreds of requests .
" The GCSE results of 629 ' matched pairs ' - fish oil takers and non-fish oil takers - were then analysed . "
Who are these 629 ?
I thought it was 832 ?
But more importantly , by selectively only looking at the results from the pupils who were most highly adherent to the capsules regime , it has skewed its sample .
It has discovered that school performance is better in children who are more highly adherent to a school regime involving pills , and who are , in all probability , also more adherent to everything at school , harder - working , better - performing , and so on .
This result has nothing to do with the pills .
It is laughably incompetent science .
Fish oil pills are the biggest selling food supplement product in the UK , and still no one has ever tested them properly .
Durham council had the children , and the pills , necessary to perform a decent piece of research .
The only thing it was missing was the rigour .
The real question now is this : why has Dave Ford performed an incompetent experiment on thousands of children ?
And , more importantly , why has Durham council let him ?
A good coder has as many uses for hash functions as George Washington Carver did for peanuts — but law enforcement is fond of these digital fingerprinting techniques as well , because they allow reams of data to be rapidly sifted and identified .
Legal scholars , however , have spent a decade puzzling over whether the use of hash value analysis in a criminal investigation counts as a Fourth Amendment " search . "
A federal court in Pennsylvania last week became the first to rule that it does — but one legal expert says an appeal is very likely .
Chief Judge Yvette Kane of the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania penned the opinion in United States v. Crist , granting Robert Crist 's request for the suppression of child pornography police found on his computer .
Crist had fallen behind on his rent , and his landlord hired a father - and - son pair to move the delinquent tenant 's belongings out to the curb , where a friend of one of the movers , Seth Hipple , picked up Crist 's computer .
When Crist returned home , he began freaking out over his vanished machine — while Hipple was freaking out over what he'd found in a folder on the hard drive : Videos appearing to depict underage sex , which he promptly deleted .
Hipple called the East Pennsboro Township Police Department , and though the computer had been reported stolen , it soon found its way to the Pennsylvania Attorney General 's Office , where special agent David Buckwash made an image of the hard drive and began sifting through its contents using a specialized forensics program called EnCase .
Rather than directly examining the contents of the hard drive , Buckwash initially ran the imaged files through an MD5 hash algorithm , producing a unique ( for practical purposes ) digital fingerprint , or hash value , for each one .
He then compared these smaller hash values with a database of the hash values of known and suspected child porn , maintained by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children .
He came up with five definite hits and 171 videos containing " suspected " child porn .
He then moved to gallery view , inspecting all the photos on the drive , and ultimately finding nearly 1,600 images that appeared to be child pornography .
None of this , however , had been done with a warrant .
That raised two intriguing legal questions .
First , longstanding precedent holds that if a private party , unprompted by police , conducts a search — by opening a package or briefcase , for instance — then the owner has lost their " reasonable expectation of privacy " in the searched object .
That means police are in the clear if they proceed to examine whatever the private party has discovered .
But it 's not always clear how this rule applies in particular cases .
If a private person opens a briefcase , police might scrutinize it more closely when they take a look — but the exception clearly does n't mean that police can scour an entire house , ripping open mattresses and digging through closets , just because someone else has already wandered through the place .
So had Crist lost his expectation of privacy in the entire hard drive , or only in the few files and folders Hipple had seen ?
Even if the entire hard drive was n't to be considered fair game , however , a more interesting question remained :
Was the analysis of hash values of the files on the hard drive a search at all ?
The question was first broached in a 1996 Yale Law Journal article titled " Cyberspace , general searches , and digital contraband . "
The author noted an interesting quirk of Fourth Amendment jurisprudence : Courts have held that a " search " occurs when someone 's " expectation of privacy " is violated , provided that expectation is one that society is prepared to regard as " reasonable . "
But they 've also held that there is no such " reasonable expectation " as regards the possession of illegal materials , like narcotics or child porn .
In 2004 , the Supreme Court would rely on this logic in the case of Illinois v. Caballes to hold that a trained drug dog's sniff , which only reveals the presence or absence of illegal drugs , does not count as a search .
In the digital realm , this raised the possibility of what we might call , with a nod to novelist Erica Jong , a " zipless search " — a more or less perfect means of detecting only contraband , circumventing the Fourth Amendment 's warrant requirement .
If hash value analysis is n't a search , then even if the state went too far in directly inspecting the hard drive , the evidence of a hash match against the NCMEC database might still be admissible .
But Judge Kane rejected that logic , writing :
By subjecting the entire computer to a hash value analysis — every file , internet history , picture , and " buddy list " became available for Government review .
Such examination constitutes a search .
But as George Washinton University law professor Orin Kerr , author of the Justice Department 's computer search manual , wrote on the widely - read Volokh Conspiracy blog , this is almost maddeningly brief and vague .
" Which stage was the search — the creating the duplicate ? " asked Kerr .
" The running of the hash ?
It 's not really clear . "
And as Kerr notes , though the court alludes to the Caballes dog - sniff ruling earlier in its opinion , it does not directly take up the question of the " zipless search , " or explain how the hash analysis differs from a dog sniff .
The answer could be massively significant , since it would determine , for instance , whether law enforcement agents serving a valid warrant against one user on a huge server are entitled to scan the entire machine , rather than only their target 's files , for illicit material .
The second question is whether Buckwash " expanded the scope of the private search " conducted by Hipple when he imaged and scrutinized Crist 's entire hard drive .
In United States v. Runyan , the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals seemed to accept the application of a " closed container " metaphor to digital storage devices .
Just as the privacy interest in the contents of a package are lost once someone has opened it , the contents of a digital storage medium are fair game once it has been accessed .
But as Kerr has pointed out in his paper , " Searches and Seizures in a Digital World , " physical metaphors are tricky in a world of bits .
Is the computer really like a " container " ?
Or given the vast amounts of information a hard drive can contain , does it make more sense to think of the drive as analogous to a warehouse , where the " container " is an individual file or folder ?
Kerr ultimately opts for an " exposure theory " of digital searches , according to which only the information that has been displayed to a human user should be considered " searched , " leaving the privacy interest in all the other data intact .
In this case , Judge Kane seemed to agree that Hipple 's " search " of a few files did not void Crist 's privacy interest in the rest of the drive , and that in any event Buckwash 's forensic analysis was qualitatively different and more extensive than Hipple 's casual examination .
Kerr , however , told Ars that he expects the government to appeal the ruling , both because the argument for counting hash analysis as a " search " is so brief , and because the court 's application of the Runyan precedent is subject to dispute .
That makes United States v. Crist a case to watch .
Until now , the constitutional status of hash value analysis has been unclear .
But if the Third Circuit Court of Appeals should disagree with Judge Kane 's reasoning , it could send a signal that a new era of zipless searching is at hand .
Whom do we remember the most in crucial conditions such as accidents , when we need immediate aid or recovery ?
The answer is one and only – the Doctor .
They are God ’s sent angels who cure people .
However , in a research held by David Fishbain and colleagues at the University of Miami , Florida it was revealed that 1 in 20 patients from approximately 800 physical rehabilitation patients who are admitted in the hospital , feel like killing their doctor .
The researchers say that the thought of killing his or her doctor is not unknown or unusual as the simple reason can be that those patients who are experiencing severe pain and are going through the treatments feel more uncomfortable and become impatient .
The research has also found that 1 in 50 patients also showed the urge of killing their doctor , who were n’t going through treatment for any ailment .
New Scientist has reported that some of the doctors are practically killed by their patients , and many have been attacked and even get harmed or injured .
Who wants to harm and why , if that ’s known , then to a certain extent the attacks can be reduced .
Mistrust or disbelief in doctors can also be a reason causing this problem , says Fishbain .
Patients who are involved in the disability compensation case are named as “ kill - MD ” ; by Fishbain .
Fishbain added that patients tend to be in the assumption that doctors would not support their compensation claims and thus patients feel angry .
The findings have been presented at the American Pain Society meeting this month in Tampa , Florida .
The scale of the ground game
The Obama campaign knocked on a million doors in Ohio -- today .
So his Ohio communications director , Isaac Baker , tells Victoria McGrane .
Check here to read about new rules and features implemented on this forum .
Members of the myMBonline staff are a diverse bunch , not only specializing in Mercedes - Benz , but are car enthusiasts in general .
Read more about the team here .
Provide feedback regarding your past experiences with dealerships , shops , vendors , or members of this forum .
Buy / Sell / Trade your parts or vehicles here .
* 125 post minimum to create an ad *
Check this forum for specials , sales , and group buys being offered by forum sponsors .
* Registered Members Only *
Do not enter if you are easily offended .
Anything goes but remember to treat all members with respect !
Personal attacks will not be tolerated .
Show off your ride here for other members to drool over .
Need a P'shop or a specific pic of a car / mod ?
Ask for it here as well .
Want to hang out and talk about cars or other " vehicles " ?
Heard a rumor ?
This forum is for enthusiasts to discuss and review ALL past , present , and future makes / models .
Discuss Motorsports related topics here .
Drag Racing , Road Course Racing , Autocross , etc .
Discuss general topics relating to ALL Mercedes - Benz models .
Seen a member or car of importance roaming the streets lately ?
Report them here .
New here ?
Stop by to introduce yourself and your ride .
Looking for a set of new wheels or tires ?
Need help with fitment questions ?
Discuss all wheel / tire topics here .
Discuss topics related to all Suspension & Brakes upgrade .
Discuss all audio sound system , security , mobile video , and navigation system topics in this forum .
Discuss all topics related to lighting modifications .
Discuss all topics related to interior modifications .
Discuss all topics related to exterior modifications .
Discuss polishes , waxes , and other car care products / techniques in this forum .
Discuss topics related to engine / transmission theory , modifications , and tuning .
Discuss service / maintenance topics in this forum .
Discuss all topics related to the current model R63 AMG's .
Discuss all topics related to the 2000 - present model M - Class AMG SUV's .
Discuss all topics related to the 2003-2005 G - Class AMG SUV's .
Discuss all topics related to the 2002 - present model SLK - Class AMG's .
Discuss all topics related to the 2003 - 2006 SL - Class AMG's .
Discuss all topics related to the 2001 - present model S - Class AMG's .
Discuss all topics related to the 2006 - present model CLS - Class AMG's .
Discuss all topics related to the past and present CL - Class AMG's .
Discuss all topics related the CLK - Class AMG Coupes and Convertibles .
Discuss all topics related to the E - Class AMG's .
Discuss all topics related to the C - Class AMG's .
Discuss all topics related to the A - Class AMG hatchbacks
Discuss all topics related to Vintage Mercedes - Benz Classic vehicles and other models .
Discuss all topics related to the Maybach ultra luxury sedan .
Discuss all topics related to the CLS - class 4 - door coupe .
Discuss all topics related to the CLK - Class Coupe .
Discuss all topics related to the CL - Class Coupe .
Discuss all topics related to the S - Class Sedan and Coupe .
Discuss all topics related to the E - Class Sedan , Coupe , and Estate ( Wagon ) .
Discuss all topics related to the C - Class Sedan , Coupe , and Estate ( Wagon ) .
Discuss all topics related to the 190E / D class Sedan .
Discuss all topics related to the SLK - Class Roadster convertibles .
Discuss all topics related to the SL - Class Roadster convertibles .
Discuss all topics related to the McLaren SLR .
Discuss all topics related to the SMART ultra compact car .
Discuss all topics related to the Unimog industrial trucks .
Discuss all topics related to the V - Class Vans here .
Discuss all topics related to the ( W251 ) R - Class mini-van .
Discuss all topics related to the M / ML - Class Sport Utility Vehicle ( SUV ) .
Discuss all topics related to the new ( X164 ) GL - Class Sport Utility Vehicle ( SUV ) .
Discuss all topics related to the ( W463 ) G - Glass Sport Utility Vehicle ( SUV ) .
Discuss all topics related to the ( W168 , W169 ) A - Class Hatchback .
There is a controversial question placed before California voters today , Proposition 8 which will legally impede same - sex couples to marry if it passes .
Plenty of money has been placed to pass the measure , most prominently , the Mormon Church which poured approximately 20 million dollars into the campaign to pass it .
The progressive viewpoint is to champion the cause of same - sex marriage , and at first I would be so inclined , as it is n’t fair to discriminate how people choose to unite regardless of their sexual orientation .
The deeper problem is the word “ marriage ” itself .
This issue will not go away , and the best way to transcend it , is to give the word “ marriage ” to religion and have the state only perform civil unions for ALL couples .
I am not a fan of marriage as an institution to begin with .
I ’ve already argued that it has nothing to do with love , yet I can concede that there are potential reasons why two people would want to get married : children and property .
Civil unions can provide the identical protections without calling it marriage .
Giving religion the word , will dismantle the lever which those who wish to project their religious morality through the mechanism of the state .
Those who get the religious ceremony would still need to get a civil union to be recognized by the state .
Those same - sex couples of faith who still wish to get married , may need to wait for a while , yet surely there will be some progressive religious groups who would perform the ceremony , since the freedom of religion is inviolate .
Additionally , by giving the word marriage to religion , it gives greater clarity to the division of church and state .
All this time and energy fighting over a word is pointless , attention that keeps us distracted from more important issues , like the economy , the environment and questions of war and peace .
Those with progressive secular values could simply abandon the quibble over one word , it simply is n’t worth it .
Religion can even take the words “ husband ” and “ wife ” and we can embrace the inclusive gender neutral “ spouse ” .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
A blog by psychoanalyst Michael Jolkovski who looks at music ensembles , businesses & creative teams and other examples of human nature at work and play .
There is a common theme to all of this .
I promise .
In what appears to be an increasingly common problem , hairline cracks are beginning to form on Apple 's new iPhone 3G .
While most of the cracks are reportedly affecting the white model , this is likely due to the increased visibility of the dark fracture on the white case as opposed to any differences in materials between the white and black units .
At the moment , the issue seems largely cosmetic and does n't appear to interfere with the operation of the phone .
Now bust out the magnifying glass and let us know if you 're seeing the same . : Reader Darius shows off a whisker crack on his kid - glove handled black iPhone 3G with the help of some blue lighting -- meow .
See it after the break .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Read -- MacRumors forum Read -- Apple Discussions
Recognize reality , but do n't become negative .
You realize that this society is moribund , that people are in denial , that most of them are stupid and / or have vapid values , that jobs are for tools and that your government is basically a retard with a FEMA card .
Your job , if you reflect on it , is to master this system , and you can , because you 're a realist .
There 's no point running away to your bedroom , retarded record store job , and drugs , convincing yourself that you 've escaped it all .
You have n't .
In twenty years , you 'll hate yourself .
( Look at the rock - n - roll burnouts from failed bands you see flogging their wares for proof of that ... )
It 's better to admit that some things are gonna suck , but if you play it well , you can come out ahead and be a leader of men for your virtuous conduct and direct assertion of reality .
There is no point going after the things that are n't going to change .
Too many heads of the Hydra .
Instead , strike at the core of society : its lack of realistic leaders who show others better ways to act , to conduct their lives and businesses , to think , and so forth .
Your favorite rock music may have run its course -- probably temporarily -- but the heavy metal spirit and mythic imagination lives on .
Create ; do not retreat .
Strike hard and fast every god damn day .
This world does n't need more people obsessed by entertainment , withdrawn into themselves , making excuses for being failures because society suxx and it oppresses them .
Make something of it .
You can and you owe it to yourself and your ancestors to do this .
DLAMH
There 's a point to this : as civilization collapses , most people are going to give up and start pleasing only themselves and abandoning every other pursuit -- which is exactly what caused the decline , strengthens it and what makes our lives a mess daily when we have to interact with our selfish , oblivious , cruel and often imbecilic fellow citizens .
You either join the giving - up - and - pretending - you 're - too - cool - to - care trend , or you start working to reverse the situation -- which benefits both you and the world at large , including both society and nature .
Our civilization is not the first to have failed .
Others have preceded us , great civilizations with learning and culture , although maybe not our technology .
Not all will go down in the slow " whimper and not a bang " that takes thriving civilizations like ancient Greece and leaves behind burnt - out husks that get dominated and invaded by once - weaker enemies .
You can be one of those people who makes a difference , becomes a leader , counteracts the trend .
Or , you can fire up the Wii , plop your ass on the sofa and become one with the entropy .
There is a choice .
No one is " oppressing " you ; this is a cycle of history .
But you 're defined by whether you act or passively watch .
Beth Ostrosky : Witch Costume is Halloween HOT ( Photos )
There is something slightly wicked about 's new wifeas she flaunts her witches costume at Animal Fair magazine 's 8th Annual Halloween Pet Costume Party in New York City yesterday .
The couple are still newlyweds , with their media hyped nuptials occurring just a few short weeks ago on October 3 , 2008 .
Check out some great wedding pics here .
We 've recently featured some other great Halloween events including Jada Pinkett Smith and other celebrities at Dream Halloween .
One of our favorite photo spreads is Halloween at the Playboy Mansion .
If you want a good chuckle , check out Shauna Sand aka Barbie at the Pumpkin Patch .
Check out sexy
Beth in our photo gallery below .
We 've also included a few other notable costumes for your viewing pleasure .
Photos : WENN
Lehman 's Bankruptcy and the Hidden $ 138 Billion Bailout of JP Morgan
We are living in heady times .
On Monday morning , something VERY strange occurred :
$ 138 Billion Post - Bankruptcy JP Morgan Advance to Lehman ; At Least $ 87 B Repaid by Fed
Two readers , Steve and Julian e-mailed us about the Bloomberg story below , that the Fed repaid JP Morgan for an advance made to Lehman after its bankruptcy filing :
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. , the securities firm that filed the biggest bankruptcy in history yesterday , was advanced $ 138 billion this week by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to settle Lehman trades and keep financial markets stable , according to a court filing .
One advance of $ 87 billion was made on Sept. 15 after the pre-dawn filing , and another of $ 51 billion was made the following day , according to a bankruptcy court documents posted today .
Both were made to settle securities transactions with customers of Lehman and its clearance parties , the filings said .
The advances were necessary ``to avoid a disruption of the financial markets , '' Lehman said in the filing .
The first advance was repaid by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Lehman said .
The bank did n't say if the second amount was repaid .
Both advances were ``guaranteed by Lehman '' through collateral of the firm 's holding company , the filing said .
The advances were made at the request of Lehman and the Federal Reserve , according to the filing .
Lehman disclosed the advances in a motion seeking court permission to give JPMorgan 's claims special status in its attempts to recover any advances .
Lehman said that if that status is n't granted , JPMorgan may not be able to make future advances needed to clear and settle trades .
`` The granting of the relief requested is in the best interests of the estate and its stakeholders and the public markets , '' Lehman said , adding the advances would be ``essential to Lehman 's customers . ''
JPMorgan may make future advances at its sole discretion , all of which would be guaranteed by Lehman under its agreement to pledge collateral , Lehman said .
JPMorgan said in a statement in court documents that it has had a clearing agreement with Lehman since June 2000 , and had pledged its collateral under an Aug. 26 guarantee .
Since the Federal Reserve reimbursed J.P. Morgan , presumably and ostensibly , with public monies [ that taxpayers will be on the hook for ] – does n't the public have the right to know what that 138 billion was spent on ?
Investment banks are dropping like flies , owing to their involvement in credit derivatives – this is a fact .
J. P. Morgan is – HANDS DOWN – the largest derivatives player in the world with a book of 90 Trillion in notional value at March 31 , 2008 – with 9 % of the book composed of Credit Derivatives .
That amounts to a cool 8.1 Trillion worth of Credit Derivatives .
We know this from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 's Quarterly Derivatives Report – pg. 24
Would n't you suppose that would be enough to bury any institution ?
Who knows , maybe it did .
We only learned about the 138 billion advance from a court document where Lehman was seeking to give claims of J.P. Morgan “ special status ” .
I must admit , this looks special indeed :
By Rob Kirby
http://www.kirbyanalytics.com/
Rob Kirby is the editor of the Kirby Analytics Bi-weekly Online Newsletter , which provides proprietry Macroeconomic Research .
Many of Rob 's published articles are archived at http://www.financialsense.com/fsu/editorials/kirby/archive.html , and edited by Mary Puplava of http://www.financialsense.com
Rob Kirby Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
These boy detectives try to figure out how much impact their parents will have on them .
Image Source / Getty Images
Twins -- when Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have them , it 's fascinating .
When they appear to Jack Nicholson in the corridors of the Overlook Hotel in the film " The Shining , " it 's freaky .
When Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny DeVito claim to be them , it 's comedy gold .
And while multiple births represent one of the great wonders of life in their own right , they provide important clues in the mysterious case of nature versus nurture .
This case is concerned with how much of our personhood is due to what we came into the world with -- our genes .
Do our genes determine how smart we 'll be ?
Who we 'll love ?
What we 'll prefer to eat for dinner ?
Or does what happens once you 're in the world make a bigger difference ?
Will parents or peers or pop stars ultimately shape the person you become ?
One way for researchers to figure out where genes end and where environment begins is in the study of identical twins , who share the same genes .
Scientists have been studying twins to figure out the impact of genes on everything from math ability to predisposition for breast cancer .
Twins represent such a rich research minefield for neuroscientists that an annual festival in Twinsburg , Ohio serves as a recruitment party of sorts [ source : Revill , Asthana ] .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The separation of twins is when scientists may be able to really examine nature versus nurture .
So far , however , only one study has ever looked at separated twins from infancy through adulthood , and we wo n't know the results of that study until 2066 .
In the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s , child psychiatrist Peter Neubauer and child psychologist Viola Bernard led a study in which twins and triplets that were given up for adoption at a certain New York adoption agency were separated and studied throughout the duration of their lives [ source : Wright ] .
When the siblings were placed with their respective families , the parents were told that the child was part of an ongoing research study that would require regular interviews and evaluations .
No one , however , was told that the child was a twin or triplet , or that the study involved the influence of nature versus nurture .
In 1981 , the state of New York began requiring that siblings be kept together in the adoption process , and Neubauer realized that the public might not be receptive to a study that used this separation method [ source : Richman ] .
The results were sealed and placed at Yale University until 2066 .
The memoir " Identical Strangers " is the story of Paula Bernstein and Elyse Schein , who were a part of the study .
The sisters were reunited when they were both 35 years old ; all but four subjects of the 13 - child study have found their missing sibling [ source : Richman ] .
In promoting the book , Bernstein and Schein may provide a sneak peek at Neubauer and Bernard 's results .
Bernstein and Schein say it 's undeniable that genetics play a major role ; Bernstein puts the number at more than 50 percent [ source : Sunday Herald Sun ] .
The women discovered they had things in common that included a habit of sucking on the same fingers and the same major in college [ source : Sunday Herald Sun ] .
As for other matters , the women report that they are , as Bernstein put it in an interview with National Public Radio , " different people with different life histories " [ source : Richman ] .
For now , it seems we 're at a stalemate , so go to the next page to see if we can solve " The Puzzle of Why the Brain Stops Working . "
Anyone who reads
Ars knows that we have concerns about ISP monitoring and the deep packet inspection that often goes along with it , but Colorado Law School prof Paul
Ohm takes these worries to the next level — then hauls them thirty floors up in the elevator , climbs the dingy stairway to the roof , and scales the attached cell phone tower .
According to Ohm 's new paper , ISP use of deep packet inspection gear could well lead to " the greatest reduction of user privacy in the history of the Internet , and users will suffer dire harms . "
Be warned , all ye who enter here :
Ohm 's paper is so depressing that you may need to cope by intravenously administering large quantities of lolcat directly to the bloodstream .
The bad news
The basic arguments are ones we 've made repeatedly ( as shown by Ohm 's repeated Ars footnotes ) , but Ohm makes a powerful case for the dangers of ISP filtering based on the staggering amount of personal and private information they routinely have access to .
" In modern connected life , " he writes , " almost no other entity poses a greater threat to privacy than the ISP .
ISPs pose a much greater threat to privacy than other online entities and they even pose a greater threat than offline institutions as well , including doctors , psychiatrists , and lawyers . "
Greater , even , than Google .
Internet - savvy users are fully aware of this , of course , but most have n't had major concerns about all that sensitive data they 're pushing through the tubes .
ISPs have generally been solid on privacy , as Ohm concedes , and they 've lacked the technical means to really invade that privacy , anyway .
So why all this talk of a privacy apocalypse that will see blood raining from the skies and screams of the damned outside making it tough to keep concentrating on that World of Warcraft session ?
The two bulldozers , in Ohm 's view , that are remaking the ISP landscape are " deep packet inspection gear " and " tremendous commercial pressures . "
ISPs at last have the technical capacity to monitor huge amounts of user web traffic in realtime , and advertisers like NebuAd and Phorm are ( or were ) simultaneously offering large cash payments for access to Internet traffic .
Apart from these two major commercial forces , government mandates also lurk in the background .
CALEA rules have forced ISPs to install this sort of gear in order to provide full wiretap access to a user 's Internet data stream when required by law .
And content owners have been leaning on governments around the world , which in turn are leaning on ISPs to do something about the illicit P2P problem .
Filtering has been one solution beloved of copyright owners , and ISPs like AT&T have even publicly committed to doing so .
And then , of course , there 's Comcast .
... and the good news
All these situations set the stage for the one - act play , Privacy : A Tragedy .
But Ohm makes the case that much of this ISP monitoring and surveillance is already illegal thanks to strong US wiretapping laws .
We 've seen a preview of this argument already in the NebuAd case , where Congress raised the exact same question ; unless these services are truly opt - in , some of them seem to run afoul of the rules preventing ISPs and phone companies from tapping electronic communications .
" Regulators need not regulate anew to prevent the worst ISP monitoring abuses , because these acts are probably already illegal under the American wiretapping laws , " Ohm says .
Especially in the legal analysis , conclusions tend to be tentative , but Ohm is n't afraid of the occasional strong statement .
While some forms of network management and surveillance may gain legitimacy from the implied consent of users ( who chose to sign up for the service and empower ISPs to act on their behalf , for instance , against viruses or spam ) , major Internet backbone providers often have no direct customer relationship with the people whose data they transport .
" Tier 1 providers , " says Ohm , " the providers who run the fastest networks and do no directly serve any users — are almost certainly prohibited under these [ wiretapping ] laws from conducting deep - packet inspection ...
Vendors might even be committing a federal crime by selling this technology . "
Perhaps his most provocative point is that " network neutrality " and robust privacy actually turn out to have quite similar ( though not identical ) consequences .
If Ohm is correct about the power of existing privacy and wiretap laws , he thinks that many of the concerns expressed by the network neutrality crowd can be addressed without contentious new rules .
If providers cannot scrutinize user communications closely — because of the wiretapping laws — they also cannot discriminate between different types of traffic , " he writes .
" A private network is a more neutral network . "
So forget what I said about the need for lolcats .
If Ohm is right and the goals of the net neutrality crusaders can be won by driving on existing highways rather than forging new roads , his analysis might be seen as excellent news for the movement .
So good , in fact , that backers might need a dose of the fail whale to keep themselves from going giddy .
Further reading :
MOSCOW , Oct. 11 ( UPI ) --
Plans to add crew members to the International Space Station might be delayed , the head of the Russian space agency Roscosmos said Saturday .
RIA Novosti reported the space agency is considering a boost the number of astronauts on the space station from three to six in 2009 .
Advertisement
" I doubt that the ISS crew will be increased to six people from next year because the final decision has not been taken yet , " Roscosmos head Anatoly Perminov said .
" All countries participating in the ISS program have to decide it . "
Perminov said he would discuss the possible delay next week with Jean - Jacques Dordain , the head of the European Space Agency .
Russia is to launch a crew of three -- including U.S. astronaut Mike Fincke , Russian cosmonaut Yury Lonchakov and U.S. space tourist Richard Garriott -- to the International Space Station Sunday .
Colbert : All of Toontown is in the tank for Barack David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday October 22 , 2008
Print This Email This Comedy Central 's Stephen Colbert reported Tuesday on the looming menace of ACORN and the dire threat it poses of Mickey Mouse actually showing up to vote .
At the last presidential debate , John McCain called ACORN 's voter registration drive " one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy . "
" ACORN has conducted a huge voter registration effort , and not all the registrations are valid , " Colbert explain , noting that of the 1.3 million voter registrations collected by ACORN , some are duplicates while others have obvious problems , such as being filled in under the name of " Mickey Mouse " or " Donald Duck . "
ACORN insists that this would not amount to voter fraud unless Mickey Mouse showed up somewhere to vote .
" Nation , we can not let Mickey Mouse vote , " pleaded Colbert in his fake - pundit persona .
" He 's obviously an Obama supporter . "
Colbert proved his point with a recent photo of Obama in Florida holding a set of Mickey Mouse ears with his name embroidered on the front .
" Let 's face it folks , " he stated .
" All of Toontown is in the tank for Barack . "
" Nation , we must make sure cartoons do n't vote , " continued Colbert .
" I say the simplest way is to drop an anvil on the head of every voter .
If a single lump rises out of their scalp and little birds start circling their head -- we nab them for voter fraud .
If their skull is crushed , they can go ahead and vote . "
" That might still let through some imaginary voters , " Colbert fretted .
He insisted that all newly registered voters should be considered suspect because polls show 65 % of them planning to vote for Obama .
" We may not be able to make all these fake new voters real , " concluded Colbert , " so we have to make all the real new voters fake -- by getting rid of all new registrations .
We 'll just go back to when we knew every vote was legit : 2004 . "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Colbert Report , broadcast October 21 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Little did I know that when I lost everything last year , I was doing research .
At the time I thought it was just stupidity or bad luck or both .
But now that the economy ’s crashing , it turns out I ’ve been out there gathering valuable tips for millions of new paupers .
And let me clarify , I ’m talking real poverty .
My wife and I fell through many layers of poverty in a few months .
First we revisited the genteel poverty known to grad students , the sort of poverty where you have scary dreams about the rent and eat a simple , wholesome diet towards the end of the month .
But we fell right through that into the sort of Dickensian privation spoiled first - worlders like me never expected to experience .
That ’s the kind of poverty a lot of people are going to be experiencing soon — because I ’m here to tell you , it can happen here and it can happen to you .
And it ’s remarkably unpleasant .
You may be saying “ Duh ! ” here but you ’re probably not imagining the proper sort of unpleasantness .
So I ’ll try to lay out what to watch for , how to hunker down when it ’s not just a matter of cutting back or selling your second car but having no car at all , having no money for heat or food .
All the things we learned are going to seem pretty obvious , but remember that it ’s very hard to think clearly when your life has collapsed .
These are what they call the old verities , the truths of life before the middle class was ( briefly ) in session :
Warmth .
Above all you need to have a dry warm place to sleep .
We had only an unheated boat , and that was not enough .
We woke up to the thump of sea ice banging against the hull and realized that the old world was still very much in session .
When we finally fled to stay with family , we stayed in our blankets up against their gas fireplace for weeks .
You wo n’t even want food much after a while .
You ’ll want heat itself , not the chemical middle man .
You are going to realize that cold is the most frightening thing in the world .
In older English dialects , “ to starve ” meant “ to freeze . ”
You will see why .
Car .
Got one ?
Maybe you should sell it .
Cars drain the last dollars out of you .
And there ’s something worse : cops can smell desperation , and they hate the poor .
I did n’t use to hate cops much , except drug cops , but God , I hate them now .
The real purpose of cops is to keep poor people off the roads .
That ’s their only real goal .
On my way to an interview for a job that could have gotten us out of the gutter , a cop stopped me because my insurance was two weeks overdue — for the simple reason we did n’t have money to pay it .
She gave me a $ 600 ticket for that , plus $ 120 for not having an updated address on my driver ’s license .
Then she called for a tow truck and told me , “ So , a lesson learned here today ! ” as I watched my car towed away and trudged off with our terrified dog down a typical Western suburban road : four lanes of fast traffic with no sidewalks .
Are you poor ?
The cops are your enemy now .
Accept it .
The car is how they ’ll try to get you .
Sell it if you can — which is to say , if there ’s any decent public transportation — hah ! — where you live .
Shame .
As in , forget about it .
Shame is an affectation .
I do n’t even need to say this , really .
Once you ’ve experienced actual cold and hunger , your good old Ouldivai Gorge mammal body and brain will take over , and believe me , shame wo n’t be a problem .
You ’ll also find that most of the social stuff is easier than you ’d expect .
These people are in show biz in a way ; they have to be , just to survive .
Makes them lively .
And though I suppose it all depends on where you are when you lose out , in my experience they ’re not especially violent .
They talk about it a lot , but so do all the white jocks I ever met , and in neither case does anything actually happen .
They ’re flinchy people , mainly , who spend a lot of time waiting for things .
When you ’re waiting , you get very frustrated but you do n’t want to shake things up .
So they ’re tense , bitter , sociable , gossipy and treacherous — a fine cross-section of the population .
After waiting around with them in line at the local food bank , sharing “ how I ended up here ” stories and hanging out with them around a propane heater trying to stay warm , I relaxed a lot .
They ’re not going to mug you .
They are going to try to get any cash you have , and God did they get a huge chunk of our last resources , but it was friendly , schmooze - based extortion , just like in the middle - class world .
All that was missing was the deodorant .
Food Banks .
These places , usually in the basement of a church ( because churches are the only public institutions in the new suburbs of western North America ) hand out baskets of groceries every week or , more often , two weeks .
You have to wait a long time , so learn your refugee skills .
Come early , get a number first , and be nice - but - pushy .
It ’s a delicate operation being nice - but - pushy , but you ’ll learn it .
The “ nice ” part is because you need to ask people for help and advice ; you ’re not rich enough to be solitary any more .
The pushy part is simple : it ’s to prevent you from being ignored .
So always talk to people , but never show money or mention it , if you have any .
Antidepressants .
Get on them right away , if you ’re not already .
If you are , up your dose .
Because it ’s going to hurt .
Does n’t matter how much Marxist theory you ’ve absorbed , does n’t matter that you can put your fall into global context ; it ’s happening to YOU now , and it ’s going to hurt like you would n’t believe .
You ’re an American , and you share that culture ’s values whether you like it or not .
So you define yourself by your job , car and house .
When they go , you ’re going to hate yourself .
Do n’t even bother arguing about it .
It ’s going to happen .
Just take the damn Prozac .
Would you refuse a coat in Siberia ?
Refusing Prozac after falling into poverty makes about as much sense .
Tom Cruise can go fuck himself .
Prozac saved our lives .
I wo n’t go into the sordid details but really , I do n’t think we ’d be here now if Saint Prozac had n’t extended a sacred hand to us .
So the second you slip beneath genteel poverty toward the street , find the nearest Free Clinic , and do n’t be deterred by the smell of the crowd in the waiting room .
Smell is going to be a problem for you at first but after a few weeks you wo n’t mind , because you smell too and so does everyone around you .
If you want a break from the relentless olfactory fact of being around unwashed large mammals , sidle up to somebody who smokes .
That ’s the one good thing about cigarettes , and it may be why losers all smoke .
Do n’t smoke just for that , though .
Cigarettes are insanely expensive and turn lots of poor people into cringing beggars .
Do n't you think someone who allegedly got a degree in journalism might actually be able to name some papers or magazines she has recently read ?
( I say " allegedly " because we do not have her college transcript or any other documents allowing us to check her public statements , most of which have so far been lies ) .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
If the BA Is the Work of the Devil , It ’s Not His Best Work
If the BA is the work of the devil , it ’s not his best work .
So why is Charles Murray making such a big fuss ?
Murray gives us a simple argument .
For most people , completing a BA is a bad investment .
Each of us has his or her own comparative advantage , so not all of us should become college graduates .
In spite of this , a large share of the American youth aspires to get a BA , either because of strong social pressure to get a BA , or the illusion that the BA pays off for everyone in the labor market .
There ’s nothing wrong with the logic of this argument .
In fact , you will see that I agree with important parts of it .
But is it empirically relevant ?
Perhaps , but for the most part it seems exaggerated .
Economists have been estimating the rate of return to investments in education for over 50 years .
By that I do n’t just mean a statistical association between high levels of education and high earnings , one which we can attribute to the fact that highly educated people are also more intelligent and well connected , and therefore they would have higher earnings even if they had not acquired schooling .
Economists have moved beyond statistical associations , and are now able to show that the average earnings of individuals increase in response to increases in their levels of education ( which come by forcing them to enroll in school , by giving them monetary incentives , or by any other means ) .
It is well accepted that in the U.S. this increase in earnings is , on average , not much lower than 10 % per year of schooling .
Estimates can be even higher if you take the return to a BA ( as opposed to the return to a year of education multiplied by four ) .
If this is true , education is a very productive investment , and by this standard it beats most other investments in the economy .
Even if we believe the economists ’ estimates of the return to education , averages are not very useful for any given person pondering whether to take up a BA .
The reason is that every individual is different , so even if a BA pays off for a few individuals , and even if it pays off when we average across people , it may not pay off for most people .
Each of us has different skills giving us a comparative advantage in a given occupation , and acquiring a college education is not everyone ’s comparative advantage .
This is a central component of Murray ’s argument , and one with which I agree completely .
Of course , as with any other investment , there is risk in the investment in human capital , and at age 17 most of us do not know how good a college graduate we will be .
Once the BA is completed , some BA graduates may regret their decision to complete a BA , but at age 17 they could not forecast that they would be at the low end of the distribution of college wages .
Some others , who are not able to complete their BA , may regret they even started .
Even though this has been shown to be important empirically , risk is not what is upsetting Murray .
Risk is a natural part of decisionmaking .
What he is claiming is that many individuals are being induced to enroll in a BA program because of social pressure , even when it is clear that a BA is a bad idea for them .
So how successful is this argument in explaining the data ?
Recent research shows that , empirically , the expected rate of return to college varies widely across individuals :
As we expand college attendance we attract individuals who are increasingly less suitable to attend college , and who have lower expected returns to college than the ones who are already there .
Nevertheless , these studies also show that most people can expect a relatively high return to college .
Even if we take the most pessimistic estimates for the return to education for those outside the elite ( whom economists would call the marginal students ) , they are probably above 7 % per year of college , and they are not lower for a year of a BA as opposed to a year of any other type of post - secondary schooling .
Individuals for whom a BA degree is truly a bad idea are just not enrolling in college anyway .
In fact , the best predictor of college enrollment , or of completion of a BA , is cognitive ability , and most individuals with low levels of cognitive ability end up never enrolling in college .
So , what ’s the punch line ?
Murray is correct in stating that a BA is not for everyone , and may be right in saying that some people are wasting their time getting a BA , but for most of the population I doubt that the case he is making is of great importance .
As he says , firms are not stupid , and will not pay for a BA degree if a BA is not teaching anything to their potential recruits .
Similarly , I believe that individuals make mistakes , but at this level they are probably not as serious as Murray is implying .
For most of those enrolling in college , a BA has a good expected return , but there is some risk .
In a nutshell , this is what the data shows , at least according to recent research by James Heckman from the University of Chicago and several co-authors , me included .
Do we really think that social pressure to get a BA , and misinformation about the value of a BA , will induce generations of youth ( and their parents ! ) to systematically engage in bad education decisions ?
Why would they be doing that over and over again , if it was such a bad investment ?
Charles Murray is not the first to state that individuals overestimate the returns to college .
Almost 30 years ago , in The Overeducated American , Richard Freeman had a similar argument , but the decade that followed the publication of his book witnessed a dramatic increase in the returns to college and in college attendance .
Why is this argument correct today ?
Perhaps Murray is right , and we need a more specialized and shorter post - high school education system , like in an apprenticeship system .
Or perhaps we need to keep people in school for a bit longer learning general skills that allow them to be flexible in the modern world .
I do n’t know the answer to this question , and in spite of what I have said so far , I do n’t disagree with Murray ’s proposition that the school system could be more efficient , and more adequate to the economy ’s needs .
If that ’s the case , we need to converge to a better system , and we are already seeing several changes in the way people acquire education , with a multitude of new programs and online courses emerging every day .
I may be young and inexperienced , and I am no Charles Murray ( I say this with admiration and respect ) , but I do not think this problem is such a big deal .
However , there is something else that I believe is a big deal .
In 2003 , Jim Heckman and I published a paper entitled Human Capital Policy ( a chapter in Inequality in America : What Role For Human Capital Policies , edited by the MIT Press ) .
Figure 1 in that paper , which is reproduced below ( and which has been reproduced by many others , before and after us ) , graphs the proportion of individuals in successive cohorts attaining a college degree , a high school degree , and dropping out of high school ( these are whites only , but similar patterns hold for other race groups ; the data comes from the 2000 Current Population Survey ) .
This figure shows that both the college enrollment rate and the high school dropout rate were rapidly improving for the cohorts born in the first half of last century , but for the cohorts born after 1950 there is a dramatic stagnation in education attainment .
If education is an important engine of economic growth , a stagnant quality of the workforce may cause problems for growth in the years to come .
This stagnation occurred in spite of enormous increases in the returns to college in the 1980s and 1990s .
So it may be that Murray ’s contention that individuals are not responding to economic incentives is true , but if anything it is because they , or their parents , underestimate the value of education .
Heckman and I argue that at very early ages we detect important gaps in the cognitive achievement of individuals coming from different backgrounds , which in turn are the main predictor of the gaps in their college enrollment .
So , if we want to foster skill accumulation , we need to start with strong investments in early childhood , giving us a foundation on which follow up investments can successfully build on .
That ’s the real education problem , and that ’s where the devil is really causing damage .
But that discussion is not for today .
–
Pedro Carneiro is Lecturer in Economics at University College London
Barack Obama has erased traditional Republican advantages in four key bellwether counties .
Poll : Obama leads in 3 of 4 key Bush counties
Barack Obama has erased traditional Republican advantages in four key bellwether counties that President Bush won in 2000 and 2004 , according to a new Politico / InsiderAdvantage survey .
Each county is critical to the outcome in the battleground state where it is located .
In Washoe County , near Reno , Nev. , Obama leads McCain 46 percent to 45 percent , with 6 percent undecided .
Obama posts a wider 50 percent - 44 percent lead with 5 percent undecided in Raleigh , North Carolina 's Wake County , and another 6 point lead in Hillsborough County , Fla. , where Tampa is located .
There , he edges McCain 47 percent to 41 percent , with 11 percent undecided .
Advertisement
Among the four counties tested , McCain leads in only one : Jefferson County , Colo. , a populous Denver suburb .
McCain is ahead there by a margin of 45 percent to 43 percent , with 8 percent undecided .
At first glance , these Politico / InsiderAdvantage numbers might not look so troubling for McCain , who trailed Obama by 10 points in an ABC / Washington Post national survey , released Monday .
But these four counties are crucial battlegrounds in four of the most competitive states in the presidential race .
In recent years , the Republican path to the White House has run through these areas .
In 2004 , President Bush won Washoe County , Nevada 's second - most populous county , by a four - point margin over Massachusetts Sen. John F. Kerry .
This year , when Obama is expected to run up a big vote lead in Las Vegas ' Clark County , McCain is unlikely to be able to afford a loss in Washoe .
Colorado's Jefferson County supported GOP presidential candidates by an average of almost 18 points between 1976 and 2004 .
While it has n't supported a Democrat since 1964 , Jeffco has become much more politically marginal in recent years — in 2004 , Bush beat Kerry there , 52 percent to 47 percent .
It was no coincidence that McCain running mate Sarah Palin made her first solo campaign appearance after the Republican National Convention in Jefferson .
Tampa's Hillsborough County , which Bush carried 53 percent to 46 percent in 2004 , and Raleigh 's Wake County , which Bush won 51 percent to 49 percent in 2004 , have been more evenly divided historically .
With substantial minority populations and , in Wake County 's case , a more affluent and educated electorate , they began this campaign as less friendly territory for McCain .
Still , Bush carried both counties in his two presidential bids and Obama 's strong performances in these areas represent a troubling sign for the McCain campaign .
InsiderAdvantage pollster Matt Towery , who conducted the survey , said McCain 's lagging numbers could be largely attributed to weak showings among independents and male voters .
" When you begin to see McCain fall apart in these states , it 's because that male split becomes less and less , " said Towery , who emphasized that McCain would have to perform well among men to make up for Obama 's strong advantage with women voters .
Nevada 's Washoe County features a dramatic gender gap , with women favoring Obama , 54 percent to 36 percent , and men choosing McCain , 55 percent to 38 percent .
But in Florida 's Hillsborough County , Obama not only won 49 percent of women voters , to McCain 's 43 percent , but he captured a plurality of male voters , beating McCain 45 percent to 39 percent .
In North Carolina 's Wake County , the state 's second - most populous after Charlotte 's Mecklenburg County , McCain came closer to Obama 's share of the female vote , with the Democrat leading by just over four points .
But among men , Obama led McCain 51 percent to 43 percent — an untenable split for the Republican nominee .
Hillsborough County 's trend toward Obama mirrors the overall GOP slippage in the Sunshine State in recent polls , as Florida Hispanics , a demographic once dominated by conservative Cuban - Americans , flirt with the Democratic Party .
Hillsborough County Hispanics support Obama over McCain , 60 percent to 40 percent .
That 's a smaller margin than Obama 's national margin among Hispanics .
But given the historically Republican tilt of Florida 's Hispanic population it's a margin that should worry McCain , Towery said .
" I would say a majority of the Hispanic vote in Florida is not the anti-Castro , Cuban - American vote , " said Towery , citing both Florida 's growing Puerto Rican and Mexican - American populations , as well as the increased presence of younger , more liberal Cuban - Americans as reasons for this trend .
Exit polls in 2004 showed Bush defeating Kerry among Florida Hispanics , 56 percent to 44 percent .
In North Carolina , the growth of college - educated , high - income voting areas has helped move the state toward the Democratic column .
The state 's large African - American population gives Obama an extra demographic boost that could make the difference on Election Day .
" Wake was very marginally Republican in 2004 , " Towery said .
" [ Obama ] carried it almost 2 - to - 1 over Hillary Clinton , and that is because it 's located in the Research Triangle and it has basically the sort of demographics you would expect to see for the profile that Obama does well in . "
Even outside the Research Triangle , though , North Carolina has drifted toward the Democrats this year , with Obama establishing a narrow lead in most statewide polling and Democratic Senate candidate Kay Hagan , a state legislator , locked in a tight race with GOP Sen .
Elizabeth Dole , who is seeking reelection to a second term .
Where the other Politico / InsiderAdvantage county - level polls showed similar results to statewide polling , only in Jefferson County did the result — a razor - thin edge for McCain — clash with the results of recent state - level surveys .
An InsiderAdvantage poll released last week showed Obama ahead in Colorado , 51 - 45 percent .
McCain 's lead in Jefferson , Towery said , was in part an expression of the county 's Republican lean .
Forty percent of Jefferson County voters identify as Republicans , with just 28 percent calling themselves Democrats .
But even in spite of this identification edge , and the county 's Republican voting history , Obama is competitive there thanks to strong support among independents , who favor him by a 48 percent to 30 percent .
Among the bellwether counties surveyed , there is still some promise for McCain .
While Obama is leading or tied in these places , his strength is based on support among groups that would typically vote Republican — and who might be easier for McCain to take back .
In theory , McCain should have an easier time winning over male voters or white independents than women voters or Hispanics .
" If somehow John McCain should pull something off that turns things around , " Towery said , or if the markets find steadier footing , " then there is the possibility that McCain 's numbers could start to tick up . "
For now , though , this snapshot of four of the country 's most competitive counties shows Obama peeling off voters who once made these areas reliably Republican in presidential elections and exploiting political and demographic trends that were already sending these counties in his direction .
The Politico / InsiderAdvantage telephone surveys in Jefferson County and Hillsborough County were conducted Oct. 12 .
The Hillsborough survey included 638 likely voters , with a margin of error of plus or minus 3.8 percent .
The Jefferson survey included 408 likely voters , with a margin of error of plus or minus 5 percent .
The Politico / InsiderAdvantage telephone surveys in Wake County and Washoe County were conducted Oct. 9 .
The Wake survey included 646 likely voters , with a margin of error of plus or minus 3.7 percent .
The Washoe survey included 586 likely voters , with a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percent .
Antipodr
Enter an address , location , zip code , or anything and this tool will show you the exact opposite place on Earth !
Why Do Senators Running for President Get Paid ?
Dear Stumped :
I 'd like to know if both senators running for president still receive their full congressional salary while they 're not working .
Last time I looked , my job did not pay me if I was not actually on the job .
TP Tatko
Dear TP :
Not working ?!
What do you mean ?
Running for president is a grueling task .
And is n't it part of a senator 's job description ?
OK , that 's a bit cheeky .
The serious answer to your question is yes , Barack Obama and John McCain are still drawing their senatorial salaries of $ 169,660 .
I do n't agree with your premise that this is unseemly or improper .
The people of Arizona and Illinois hired John McCain and Barack Obama to represent them in the Senate , and presumably these senators have communicated to their constituents what they are doing , and why .
If the people of those states do n't feel they are well represented by these presidential candidates , they can refuse to re-elect them .
But all other things being equal , most Americans probably would like to see their home - state senator vie for the White House .
The Senate has become such a mega - millionaire club , plenty of its members hardly need their salary to make ends meet .
We should n't further encourage this trend in national politics by forcing congressional aspirants to the presidency to forego their salaries .
Call me old - fashioned , but I 'd like to think you should still be able to run for president without being independently wealthy .
Dear Stumped ,
Why is the media making so much out of John Edwards 's adulterous affair , while completely ignoring the fact that not only did John McCain have an adulterous affair during his first marriage , but he 's the one now running for president , even with his adulterous history ?
Mary L. Grabski
Dear Mary :
I do n't think you can accuse the media of " making so much " out of Edwards 's affair .
On the contrary , there is a great deal of second - guessing these days about the lengths to which mainstream media outlets went out of their way not to report a story that was lighting up the tabs and the blogosphere .
We obsess excessively about our politicians ' sex lives , but voters have the right to assess candidates using whatever benchmarks are important to them .
As I wrote recently , McCain 's personal past , and what it says about the man , is something we each have to reach our own conclusions about .
The media is hardly burying McCain 's past , as you suggest .
But as a matter of news judgment , there is a difference between McCain 's dubious transition from his first wife to his second , more than 30 years ago before he entered politics , and Edwards 's behavior in 2006 , when he was taking a breather between presidential runs .
The fact that Edwards 's friend Rielle Hunter was given a well - paying job on the campaign ( to film videos that even the campaign 's manager is calling frivolous ) and was subsequently packed off to a $ 3 million home in Santa Barbara , courtesy of an Edwards donor , further raises the story 's newsworthy quotient .
There remain a lot of threads for reporters ( and law enforcement agencies , to the extent campaign funds may have been spent improperly for personal reasons ) to explore .
Dear Stumped :
Since the War on Drugs is an obvious failure , and the Mexican drug lords are battling it out on the border , would n't it be wise to invade Mexico now , as a continuation of the Bush policy of pre-emptive war ?
John Hartman
Dear John :
Your note brings to mind an old Mexican joke that was popular in the early 1970's .
The Mexican army 's top general rushes in to see President Luis Echeverria , the butt of many jokes questioning his intelligence , and says : " Mr. President , I have figured out how we solve all our nation 's problems .
Let 's attack the United States .
They will have to invade and annex us .
What could be better than becoming part of the U.S. ? "
The president looks at his general for a minute , thinking it over , then asks : " But what if we win ? " Ha ...
Get it ?
El presidente was so out to lunch he thought his army could prevail against the Americans .
I do n't know if you are being tongue - in - cheek or not .
This sort of tonal uncertainty is one of the problems with e-mail .
It 's gotten me in lots of trouble , which is why I often find myself throwing in a smiley face or other cues to emphasize when I am being less than serious .
Maybe whoever wrote the memo to Georgia 's president the other day , suggesting the Georgian Republic take on Russian troops in South Ossetia , should have added a smiley face .
As in : " Hey , I know , why do n't we take on the Russian army ? :) "
Without the smiley face to clue him in , Georgia 's President Mikhail Saakashvili pulled an Echeverria in what many analysts are charitably calling a " miscalculation . "
Speaking of that conflict , the West is reaping what it sowed , to some extent , with our ungracious Cold War victory .
The rush to incorporate former Warsaw Pact members into NATO -- and now former Soviet Republics themselves -- was a rather vindictive response to the Soviets ' peaceful withdrawal from Eastern Europe , and a betrayal of the implicit deal struck at the time of German reunification .
If Vladimir Putin is capitalizing on an aggrieved nationalism and Russia 's sense of having being stabbed in the back , we can only blame ourselves for making it possible .
And if Georgia is deluded into thinking we would get involved in such a conflict , we can blame ourselves for that , too .
As an aside ( ok , yet another one ) , while criticism of lobbyists in this campaign is overblown , there is something unsettling about reading that McCain 's views of this conflict are being shaped by a foreign policy adviser who made money lobbying for the idiotic ( there is no other word , sorry ) proposition that Georgia should join NATO .
By Andres Martinez | August 12 , 2008 ; 12:00 AM ET
Previous : When Candidates Lie | Next : I Am Not Georgian
Posted by : Ryan | August 14 , 2008 7:59 PM
Posted by : Luise of the Phoenix | August 13 , 2008 6:44 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | August 13 , 2008 12:22 AM
Posted by : exalto | August 12 , 2008 4:44 PM
Posted by : dcp | August 12 , 2008 4:03 PM
Posted by : dcp | August 12 , 2008 3:43 PM
Posted by : Doubtom | August 12 , 2008 3:17 PM
Posted by : zaney8 | August 12 , 2008 12:55 PM
Posted by : Tom W | August 12 , 2008 12:46 PM
Posted by : RealCalGal | August 12 , 2008 12:41 PM
Posted by : mobedda | August 12 , 2008 10:13 AM
Posted by : CT | August 12 , 2008 10:11 AM
Posted by : Ryan | August 12 , 2008 9:28 AM
Posted by : rev arthita Maitra social scienlist fro democratic reforms in world including in usa | August 12 , 2008 9:18 AM
Posted by : Jeff Crocket | August 12 , 2008 9:14 AM
Posted by : Jimbo | August 12 , 2008 9:04 AM
Posted by : Cheez | August 12 , 2008 7:59 AM
Posted by : Randy Macon | August 12 , 2008 7:15 AM
Posted by : Frank Schmitz | August 12 , 2008 6:57 AM
Posted by : ExPat2 | August 12 , 2008 2:20 AM
Posted by : Ricky | August 12 , 2008 12:24 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Introducing the Boost parser framework
One of the more complicated tasks for a C++ programmer is coding a parser within a reasonable time period .
Using the GNU Flex / Bison or ANTLR parser generator typically makes sense when you 're developing a compiler for a full - blown language like SQL or C++ ; but for grammars with a simpler Backus Naur Form ( BNF ) , the steep learning curve of these tools do n't always justify the investment .
Another alternative is to use regular - expression libraries that come bundled with standard Linux® distributions or the Boost regex or tokenizer libraries , but these do n't scale well with more involved grammars .
This article introduces the highly scalable Spirit parser framework from Boost .
This parser generator works on an Extended Backus Naur Form ( EBNF ) specification coded in C++ , significantly reducing development time .
For further reading , see the very detailed Spirit documentation .
Install Spirit
You can download the Spirit framework for free from the Boost Web site ( see the Related topics section ) .
Note the following before you begin developing with Spirit :
You must include the < spirit.hpp > header in the sources .
This header makes heavy use of template meta- programming and functors .
All code in this article has been compiled using g++- 3.4.4 .
Make sure you 're using a compiler that supports these C++ features .
header in the sources .
This header makes heavy use of template meta- programming and functors .
All code in this article has been compiled using g++- 3.4.4 .
Make sure you 're using a compiler that supports these C++ features .
Part of the Spirit framework internally uses the regular - expression library from Boost .
After installation , check for the regex.h header in the installed code base .
header in the installed code base .
Make sure the root directory of the Boost installation is in the compiler include search path .
search path .
Spirit is a header - only library , so no extra libraries are needed at link time .
This is n't true for the regex library .
To include the regex sources as headers only , use the preprocessor directive define BOOST_SPIRIT_NO_REGEX_LIB in your code .
Your first Spirit program
Given a random list of words , in true C++ style your first Spirit program lists the number of unique occurrences of Hello World ( that is , consecutive occurrences of the words Hello and World in the input stream ) found in the list .
See Listing 1 ; the output is 2 .
Listing 1 .
Code to list the number of times the words Hello World occur in an input stream
#define BOOST_SPIRIT_NO_REGEX_LIB
#include " regex.h " # include " spirit.hpp " # include " boost/spirit/actor.hpp " using namespace boost :: spirit ; const string input =
" This Hello World program using Spirit counts the number of Hello World occurrences in the input " ; int main ( ) { int count = 0 ; parse ( input.c_str ( ) , *( str_p ( " Hello World " ) [ increment_a( count ) ] | anychar_p ) ) ; cout << count >> endl ; return 0 ; }
The power of the Spirit framework lies in the fact that it provides built - in parsers for a host of basic types like individual characters , numbers , and strings .
More complex parsers are typically created using these built - in parser objects .
In Listing 1 , str_p and anychar_p are predefined parsers from Spirit -- str_p matches the string it 's supplied with ( in this case , Hello World ) and on success calls the increment_a routine to increment count by 1 . anychar_p is another predefined parser that matches any character .
Let 's now turn to the parse function , which is arguably the most important routine in the Spirit framework .
It accepts an input stream and a grammar , and internally it runs the stream through this grammar .
In this case , the input stream comes from input.c_str ( ) , and str_p and anychar_p provide the semantics for the grammar .
If you 're familiar with parsing , you 'll quickly realize that the second argument to the parse function is equivalent to providing a BNF .
Other predefined Spirit parsers
Consider a string that follows this pattern : < employee name : string > < employee id : int > < employee rating : float > .
You need to populate the Employee data structure based on data extracted from this string .
Here 's a typical string : " Alex 8 9.2 Jim 91 5.6 " .
Spirit has predefined parsers for characters ( alpha_p ) , integers ( int_p ) , and real numbers ( real_p ) .
Based on this , it 's safe to argue that the parse routine should be called with syntax like this : parse ( input.c_str ( ) , alpha_p >> int_p >> real_p ) .
The logic is that parse will look first for a string , then for an integer , and finally for a real , in that order , in the input stream .
Does this work ?
No. Listing 2 shows a working code snippet that can parse this data for you .
Listing 2 . Using the alpha_p , int_p and real_p predefined parsers
#define BOOST_SPIRIT_NO_REGEX_LIB
#include " regex.h " #include " spirit.hpp " # include " boost/spirit/actor/assign_actor.hpp " using namespace std ; using namespace boost : : spirit ; const string input = " Alex 8 9.2 Jim 91 5.6 " ; typedef struct { string name ; int idcode ; float rating ; } Employee ; int main ( ) { string name ; int idcode ; float rating ; int status = parse ( input.c_str ( ) , *(( +alpha_p ) [ assign_a( name ) ] >> ' ' >> int_p[assign_a( idcode ) ] >> ' ' >> real_p[ assign_a( rating ) ] >> ! blank_p ) ) . full ; cout << status << endl ; return 0 ; }
The original invocation fails for these reasons :
alpha_p parses a single character .
To parse a string , you must use + alpha_p ( this is similar to the EBNF + operator that implies one or more , except that Spirit uses it before and not after ) .
parses a single character .
To parse a string , you must use ( this is similar to the EBNF operator that implies one or more , except that Spirit uses it before and not after ) .
Blank spaces separate the string , integer , and real numbers .
This behavior must be accounted for .
You can do so two ways : use ' ' ; or , better , use the blank_p predefined parser , which accounts for both spaces and tabs .
Here 's the modified parse invocation :
parse ( input.c_str ( ) , *((+alpha_p ) >> ' ' >> int_p >> ' ' >> real_p ) >> ! blank_p ) ;
The second argument strictly matches a non-alphanumeric string followed by a space followed by an integer followed by another space and finally a real number .
Once the parser reaches the real number , it finds a space / tab and either restarts matching the sequence or terminates .
The !
operator means zero or one occurrence of a space / tab .
The * operator implies zero or more occurrences of this sequence and therefore matches an empty string .
It 's easy to see that a direct correlation exists between the second argument and the potential grammar rule that a traditional parser would use .
Here 's the typical grammar rule for the current requirement :
: S -> ( ALPHA INT REAL ) *
The tokens ALPHA , INT , and REAL are typically provided from the lexer .
For example , INT is defined as ( 0 - 9 ) +.
With Spirit , the steps are merged .
How do you know if something 's wrong ?
There are several ways to figure out if something 's gone wrong with your parser .
The easiest way to check is to test the data structure returned from the parse method .
The return data structure is known as parse_info , and the hit field indicates whether the parsing is successful .
Listing 3 shows the parse_info structure from the Boost sources .
Listing 3 .
The parse_info structure that the parse method returns
template < typename IteratorT = char const *> struct parse_info { IteratorT stop ; // points to final parse position bool hit ; // true when parsing is successful bool full ; // when the parser consumed all the input std:: size_t length ; // number of characters consumed by parser parse_info( IteratorT const& stop_ = IteratorT ( ) , bool hit_ = false , bool full_ = false , std:: size_t length_ = 0 ) : stop( stop_ ) , hit ( hit_ ) , full ( full_ ) , length ( length_ ) {} template < typename ParseInfoT > parse_info( ParseInfoT const& pi ) : stop( pi.stop ) , hit ( pi.hit ) , full ( pi.full ) , length ( pi.length ) {} } ;
What is assign_a ?
Once a predefined parser matches a string , the result needs to be stored somewhere .
Using the assign_a construct , the parsed string is assigned to the corresponding variable .
The general class of constructs that assign / modify variables in the Spirit framework are known as actors and are located in the boost / spirit / actor folder .
Spirit operators and their semantics
Spirit comes with several predefined operators .
Table 1 summarizes these operators and their semantics .
The following examples use these operators .
Table 1 . Spirit operators and their semantics
Operator Semantics x >> y
Match x followed by y x | y Match x or y x & y Match x and y x â y Match x but not y x ^ y Match x or y but not both *x Match x zero or more times +x
Match x one or more times !x
Match x zero or one time ( x )
Match x ; used for priority - based grouping x [ function expression ]
Execute the function / functor if x is matched x % y Match x one or more times , separated by occurrences of y
With the understanding you 've developed thus far , you can now define the grammar for a floating - point number in C .
The BNF is shown in Listing 4 .
Listing 4 . BNF for a floating - point number
Real - Number : Fractional - Part ( Exponent - Part ) ?
Fractional - Part : ( DIGIT ) * DOT ( DIGIT ) + | ( DIGIT ) + DOT Exponent - Part : ( ' e ' | ' E ' ) ( '+'| '-' ) ?
( DIGIT ) + DIGIT : [ ' 0 '-' 9 ' ]
DOT : '.'
The equivalent Spirit grammar is provided in Listing 5 .
Listing 5 . Spirit grammar for a floating - point number , equivalent to the BNF in Listing 4
Real - Number = Fractional - Part >> !
Exponent - Part | +digit_p >>
Exponent - Part ; Fractional - Part = * digit_p >> '.' >> +digit_p | +digit_p >> '.' ; Exponent - Part = ( ' e ' | ' E ' ) >> !('+' | '-') >> +digit_p ;
Observe that Y = A >>
B in the context of Spirit is the same as Y : A B in the context of parsers , where A and B can be either terminals or non-terminals .
Also note that the user does n't need to define grammar for such trivial stuff : Spirit already has the predefined parser real_p to parse real numbers .
Predefined parsers in Spirit
The flexibility of the Spirit framework comes from the fact that it has a number of predefined parsers for common situations .
Table 2 provides a list of some of these parsers .
Table 2 . Some of the predefined parsers in Spirit
Parser Semantics ch_p Matches a single character .
range_p
Matches a single character from a range of characters created from a low / high character pair .
For example , range_p ( 'a ' , 'z ' ) matches all characters between a and z. anychar_p Matches any single character , including the NULL terminator \0 .
str_p
Matches a string : for example , str_p ( " mystring " ) matches the string mystring .
blank_p
Matches a continuous sequence of whitespace and tabs .
space_p Similar to blank_p but also matches return and newline characters .
digit_p Matches a single numeric digit .
upper_p Matches any uppercase character .
nothing_p Diagnostic tool ; never matches anything and always fails .
Spirit directives
This section discusses directives , which are yet another powerful Spirit feature .
The lexers for case - insensitive languages like Pascal and VHDL are slightly more complicated because they must parse , for example , begin and BEGin and generate the same token for the parser .
Spirit accomplishes this feat by using parser directives .
For instance , the predefined directive as_lower_d converts the input stream to lowercase ( see Listing 6 ) .
Listing 6 .
Using the as_lower_d directive for case - insensitive parsing
#define BOOST_SPIRIT_NO_REGEX_LIB
#include " regex.h " #include " spirit.hpp " # include " boost/spirit/actor/assign_actor.hpp " using namespace std ; using namespace boost : : spirit ; const string input =
" THis iS a ranDOm sTRInG " ; int main ( ) { string val ; int status = parse ( input.c_str ( ) , as_lower_d [ str_p ( " this is a random string " ) [ assign_a ( val ) ] ] ) . full ; cout << status << endl ; cout << val << endl ; return 0 ; }
The output from Listing 6 is 1 , THis iS a ranDOm sTRInG .
It 's important to understand the difference between the parsers and the parser directives -- the latter only modify the behavior of the enclosed parser , essentially augmenting the policies of that parser .
Spirit provides other predefined parser directives as well as ways to write some of your own .
Let 's look now at the longest_d parser directive .
Consider Listing 7 , and try to guess the output .
Listing 7 .
Parsing with ambiguous grammar
#define BOOST_SPIRIT_NO_REGEX_LIB
#include " regex.h " #include " spirit.hpp " # include " boost/spirit/actor/assign_actor.hpp " using namespace std ; using namespace boost : : spirit ; const string input = " 20245.1 " ; int main ( ) { int val ; int status = parse ( input.c_str ( ) , int_p[ assign_a ( val ) ] | real_p ) .
full ; cout << status << " " << val << endl ; return 0 ; }
The output from Listing 7 is 0 20245 .
Why is this happening ?
Clearly , the entire input buffer has n't been consumed while parsing , which is why status is 0 .
To understand this , it 's important to keep in mind how Spirit parses : given multiple alternatives to a rule example , S : R1 | R2 | .. | RN , the one to the left gets the maximum priority .
This is similar to the way C/C++ handle conditionals : in an expression if ( x && y ) , if x is true , then y is n't evaluated .
This behavior helps keep the tool fast .
In this case , int_p matches 20245 -- but after that it encounters a dot and has no rule to parse it .
So , the parser exits .
You could solve this problem by regrouping all the available alternatives to a grammar rule , but manual regrouping is often error prone .
The smarter way to handle this is to use the longest_d directive , which tries to match the rule that consumes the maximum length from the input stream .
Listing 8 shows a modified call to the parse routine .
Listing 8 .
Using the longest_d predefined parser directive
int status = parse ( input.c_str ( ) , longest_d [ int_p | real_p [ assign_a ( val ) ] ] ) . full ;
With this change , the output is now 1 20245.1 .
Develop a full - fledged grammar in Spirit
This section delves into designing a set of user - defined grammar rules using the Spirit framework .
Here 's what Spirit requires in order to design your own grammar :
Create a derived class inherited from the predefined grammar class .
The grammar class is a template class that is parameterized by its derived class DerivedT and the context class ContextT .
The declaration for the grammar class is as follows : template < typename DerivedT , typename ContextT = parser_context <> > struct grammar ;
The derived class that you design must have a nested template class / structure named definition ( you may not change this name ) .
The definition class has the following properties :
It 's a template class with the typename ScannerT .
.
The grammar rules are defined in its constructor .
The constructor is passed a reference to the actual grammar self .
.
A member function named start must be present ; it signifies the start rule .
Listing 9 shows the basic skeleton of a user - defined grammar .
Listing 9 .
Outline of the user - defined grammar class
struct my - grammar : public grammar < my - grammar > { template < typename ScannerT > struct definition { rule < ScannerT > startRule ; definition ( my - grammar const& self ) { /* define grammar rules here */ } rule < ScannerT > const& start ( ) const { return startRule ; } } ; } ;
Suppose you want to try to support the simple grammar shown in Listing 10 , which partially parses C/C++ enumerations .
Listing 10 .
Simple grammar for C/C++ enums
enum_specifier : ENUM '{ ' enumerator_list ' } ' | ENUM IDENTIFIER '{ ' enumerator_list ' } ' | ENUM IDENTIFIER ; enumerator_list : enumerator | enumerator_list ' , ' enumerator ; enumerator : IDENTIFIER ; ENUM : " enum " ; IDENTIFIER : ['a '..'z ' ] +;
Listing 11 shows the corresponding Spirit code .
The output of the program is 1 , indicating successful parsing .
Listing 11 .
Spirit code for parsing C/C++ enumerations
#define BOOST_SPIRIT_NO_REGEX_LIB
#include " regex.h " #include " spirit.hpp " # include " boost/spirit/actor/assign_actor.hpp " using namespace std ; using namespace boost :: spirit ; struct my_enum : public grammar < my_enum > { template < typename ScannerT > struct definition { definition ( my_enum const& self ) { enum_specifier = enum_p >> '{' >> enum_list >> '} ' ; enum_p = str_p ( " enum " ) ; enum_list = +id_p >> *(' , ' >> +id_p ) ; id_p = range_p ( 'a ' , 'z ' ) ; } rule < ScannerT > enum_specifier , enum_p , enum_list , id_p ; rule < ScannerT > const& start ( ) const { return enum_specifier ; } } ; } ; string input = " enum { ah , bk } " ; int main ( ) { my_enum e ; int status = parse ( input.c_str ( ) , e , space_p ) .hit ; cout << status << endl ; return 0 ; }
Conclusion
This article has provided a reasonably detailed first look at the Boost Spirit framework for parsing .
For more information , see the Related topics section .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
When purchasing server processors directly from Intel , Google has insisted on a guarantee that the chips can operate at temperatures five degrees centigrade higher than their standard qualification , according to a former Google employee .
This allowed the search giant to maintain higher temperatures within its data centers , the ex-employee says , and save millions of dollars each year in cooling costs .
If the chips failed prematurely at these higher temperatures , the former Googler says , Intel was obliged to replace them at no extra charge .
Intel denies this was ever the case .
" This is NOT true , " a company spokesman said in an email .
Google declined to comment on its relationship with Intel .
" Google invests heavily in technical facilities and has dozens of facilities around the world with many computers , " reads a statement from the company .
" However , we do n't disclose details about our infrastructure or supplier relationships . "
The ex-Google employee learned of this Intel pact a little more than a year ago , during a Google " Tech Talk " open to anyone at the company .
The talk was given by a Google thermal dynamics engineer , part of a small team - perhaps no larger than two people - that oversees heat issues inside the company 's data centers .
According to the same ex-employee , it is now the norm for Google to construct its data centers by piecing together intermodal shipping containers pre-packed with servers and cooling equipment .
In 2003 , Google filed for a patent on this sort of modular data center , and the patent was granted last October .
This modular setup - known internally as Project Will Power - allows Google to construct the building blocks for each data center at a central location and then ship them around the world as needed .
Robert X Cringely first leaked word of Google 's modular data center work in 2005 , claiming the project began after representatives of the Internet Archive pitched the idea to Google co-founder Larry Page .
Heat Saves
It 's no secret that Google builds its own data centers - and many of the servers within .
It 's long been said that after the top server vendors , the ad broker consumes more processors and hard disks than anyone else in the world - and Intel freely acknowledges that it provides at least some of the chips .
Intel also customizes power saving motherboards for Google - a service not afforded other customers .
But our source tells us that any motherboard pact is separate from the companies ' high temperature chip agreement .
If Google can leverage an extra five degrees centigrade from Intel , it can save a few penguins - and some serious cash .
According to Data Center Knowledge , Google runs at least 36 data centers across the globe , and several more are under construction .
One of the newer sites , in The Dalles , Oregon , includes three data center buildings , each measuring 68,680 square feet .
According to Mark Monroe , Sun Microsystems ' director of sustainable computing , data center managers can save 4 per cent in energy costs for every degree ( Fahrenheit ) they raise the thermostat .
If you run your data center at a higher temp , you use less power and spend less money on the equipment needed to cool it down .
But if you raise the thermostat , you may void your hardware warranties .
" The hardware manufacturer will usually have a temperature range , " says Rich Miller , editor of Data Center Knowledge .
" If the equipment is running outside of the range , the manufacturer might be inclined to challenge any sort of returns or credits .
That 's the thinking across the industry . "
When ‘ renting ’ Florida Panthers Ice Dancers for $ 100 an hour there is a very specific rule you must follow .
In fact , the rule is spelled out bluntly on the request form .
Your hands will be shown in the picture .
And they can be on the woman .
Just let them see ’em .
“ Keep that right hand where I can see it . ”
If you are a Panthers sponsor a dancer will cost you $ 100 an hour .
Non-sponsors will have to shell out $ 200 .
Dancers will be sent to a variety of events such as kids birthday parties .
When the day comes for us to have children this will be a guarantee for little Timmy .
A grand on 5 dancers should do the trick .
But the little ones will have to be reminded .
We need to see your hands .
[ Rent a Florida Panthers Ice Dancer ]
[ NHL ’s Hottest Ice Dancers : 2008 - 2009 ]
I ’ve had more time to read the Dodd proposal — and it is a big improvement over the Paulson plan .
The key feature , I believe , is the equity participation : if Treasury buys assets , it gets warrants that can be converted into equity if the price of the purchased assets falls .
This both guarantees against a pure bailout of the financial firms , and opens the door to a real infusion of capital , if that becomes necessary — and I think it will .
Can this be done ?
Can the Paulson juggernaut be stopped ?
I ’m starting to think yes .
Paulson displayed a lot of arrogance here — he basically marched in and said Daddy knows best , do n’t worry your pretty little heads about the details .
He offered no , zero , zilch explanation of how the plan was supposed to work — just “ it ’s a crisis and we need to act now . ”
And he overreached , especially with that demand for immunity from any review .
Now we ’ve had a lot of pushback from economists and financial analysts , and the realization has sunk in that this particular daddy has shown very little sign of knowing best .
So there ’s a real chance to do something quite different .
Thanks to Reuters for the excellent fodder !
We 're too lazy to photoshop this pic , but you might not be ...
UPDATE : check out tons of great photo remixes below the jump !
The deadline for this contest has passed and a winner will be selected within the next few days , thanks for all of the great entries .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States has asked Japan and NATO allies who have refused to send troops to Afghanistan to pay the estimated $ 17 billion needed to build up the Afghan army , according to U.S. defense officials .
Afghan National
Army soldiers raise their rifles as they train in Kabul September 21 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Ahmad Masood
The push to quickly increase the size of Afghanistan ’s army and spread the cost of the initiative underscores the financial and military strain the war has placed on the United States and NATO members , many also operating in Iraq and elsewhere .
“ The faster we get the ( Afghan army ) to the size and strength they need to be , the less they depend on us for providing security , and God knows we operate far more expensively than the Afghan national security forces do , ” said Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell .
“ At a minimum it ’s going to cost $ 17 billion .
That ’s a hefty price - tag and someone ’s got to pay it , ” Morrell said .
“ This may be one of those cases where countries that have had a reluctance to contribute forces , in particular combat forces , may be able to take part in this mission through a financial contribution to the development of the Afghan National Army . ”
The new Pentagon push to share costs more widely reflects a realization among U.S. officials that some allies simply will not put troops into the war despite heavy pressure from Washington - something Europe has been telling the United States for more than a year .
But it also threatens to create just the type of two - tiered NATO alliance that U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates warned against early this year .
FIGHT , OR WRITE A CHECK
Gates in February said NATO risked a split between allies willing to “ fight and die ” and those who were not .
Morrell last week cast it as “ those who fight and those who write checks . ”
The NATO mission in Afghanistan will be discussed later this week at a meeting in Budapest .
It will be the last NATO meeting of defense ministers during the Bush administration and Gates , who has repeatedly and publicly chided allies for two years to put more resources into the war , is expected to press the issue of cost sharing .
The meeting comes as the Bush administration conducts a comprehensive review of its strategy in Afghanistan , where security has steadily deteriorated despite a doubling of foreign troops over two years .
Britain ’s commander in Afghanistan , in fact , has said the war against the Taliban cannot be won .
U.S. officials said NATO was not conducting any parallel review , although the senior commander has just submitted an updated and secret list of troop and equipment requirements .
The United States has 33,000 troops in Afghanistan .
About 22,000 are part of NATO ’s force of nearly 48,000 troops .
The United States contributes the most troops by far among allies , followed by Britain with about 8,000 .
Commanders say they still need three more brigades , or about 10,000 to 12,000 troops .
Those troops will most likely come from the United States next year , Morrell said .
The Afghan army plans to double in size to 134,000 soldiers over five years at a cost of $ 17 billion to $ 20 billion , according to estimates from U.S. officials .
The United States has already approached Japan about paying part of that bill .
But Morrell said the request was made to Japan ’s previous government , whose prime minister abruptly resigned in September , and that the request may have to be made again to the new government in Tokyo .
He did not say what other countries were asked to pay .
It ’s a well known fact , the perfect time for bar staff to offer a new drink to their customers is when their glass is almost empty .
So to help bar owners who have a surface table inside their establishment , Microsoft is currently working on experimental “ Surfaceware ” that can detect how much liquid remains inside customers ’ glasses , getting them drunk , and emptying their wallet , faster than ever .
[ Via Engadget ]
The ACLU notes that the FBI made public Friday its new rules for opening investigations which basically say " facts not required " .
New FBI guidelines governing investigations were released today after being signed by Attorney General Michael Mukasey .
The American Civil Liberties Union quickly blasted the Department of Justice and FBI for ignoring calls for more stringent protections of Americans ' rights .
The guidelines replace existing bureau guidelines for five types of investigations : general criminal , national security , foreign intelligence , civil disorders and demonstrations .
The ACLU has been vocal in its disapproval of the overly broad guidelines , citing both the FBI 's and DOJ 's documented records of internal abuse .
The new guidelines reduce standards for beginning " assessments " ( precursors to investigations ) , conducting surveillance and gathering evidence , meaning the threshold to beginning investigations across the board will be lowered .
More troubling still , the guidelines allow a person 's race or ethnic background to be used as a factor in opening an investigation , a move the ACLU believes may institute racial profiling as a matter of policy .
The police state arrives by small increments , not all at once .
As arrests prior to the RNC in St. Paul prove , you can now be arrested for thought crimes .
Working for the clampdown .
Like the rest of the world , I ’ve been completely obsessed with the presidential election and nonstop news coverage .
My drug of choice ?
Gabe Rivera ’s Memeorandum , the political sister site of Techmeme , which constantly surfaces the most controversial stories being discussed by political bloggers .
While most political blogs are extremely partisan , their biases are n’t immediately obvious to outsiders like me .
I wanted to see , at a glance , how conservative or liberal the blogs were without clicking through to every article .
With the help of del.icio.us founder Joshua Schachter , we used a recommendation algorithm to score every blog on Memeorandum based on their linking activity in the last three months .
Then I wrote a Greasemonkey script to pull that information out of Google Spreadsheets , and colorize Memeorandum on - the - fly .
Left - leaning blogs are blue and right - leaning blogs are red , with darker colors representing strong biases .
Check out the screenshot below , and install the Greasemonkey script or standalone Firefox extension to try it yourself .
Note :
The colors do n’t necessarily represent each blogger ’s personal views or biases .
It ’s a reflection of their linking activity .
The algorithm looks at the stories that bloggers linked to before , relative to all other bloggers , and groups them accordingly .
People that link to things that only conservatives find interesting will be classified as bright red , even if they are personally moderate or liberal , and vice - versa .
The algorithm ca n’t read minds , so do n’t be offended if you feel misrepresented .
It ’s only looking at the data .
For example , while Nate Silver of FiveThirty Eight may be a Democrat , he has a tendency to link to stories conservative bloggers are discussing slightly more often than liberal bloggers , so he ’s shaded very slightly red .
( Geeks can read on for more details about how this works . )
Install it !
Greasemonkey users : memeorandum_colors.user.js
Standalone Firefox Extension : memeorandumcolors.xpi
After it ’s installed , go to any page on Memeorandum and wait a second for the coloring to appear .
I hope you like it !
How It Works ( Nerds Only )
The first challenge was getting the data .
I emailed Gabe Rivera , and he graciously gave offered a full dump of every blog listed on Memeorandum .
This did n’t include relationship data , showing which blogs linked to which stories , so Joshua and I crawled the site instead .
Using the historical archives , we took a snapshot of the site ’s homepage for every six hours for the last three months — about 360 total .
With a Python script , Joshua scraped the links from the saved HTML to get the link data .
Armed with the spreadsheet of over 50,000 blogger - to - article relationships , we needed to somehow find correlations in the data .
We used a method called Singular Value Decomposition ( SVD ) , a method to break down complex data in matrices to its component parts .
It ’s extremely flexible , used in applications as diverse as weather prediction , movie recommendations , genome modeling , clustering search results , and image compression .
Inspired by GovTrack ’s use of SVD to visualize the political spectrum for members of Congress , we attempted to do the same thing for political blogs .
Here ’s how Joshua describes the methodology :
I created an adjacency matrix , with discussion sites as the rows and the discussed articles as the columns .
When a site discusses an article on Memeorandum , we fill in a 1 in that cell ; everything else is left as zero .
Every site becomes a very high dimensionality vector into link - space .
This is very difficult to visualize .
( Unless your monitor displays many dimensions .
Mine only has two . )
Since a bunch of sites tend to link to the same groups in the same way , we do n’t need all those dimensions .
So , very roughly , what SVD lets us do is reproject the points in space into a new coordinate system , so that the points that are similar are near each other and we know which dimensions are most important .
We can take just the most significant ones .
We could use two or three for a nifty visualization , but we wanted to show the bias as a spectrum , which is just a single dimension .
In this case , the second most significant dimension ( v2 ) ends up corresponding to linking similarity .
The first dimension ( v1 ) corresponds to how much linking they do in general .
Curiously , when running the exact same analysis on Techmeme , the second most significant dimension ends up being Business vs. Technology .
( The conservatives / liberals of the geek world ? )
Did you get all that ?
If you ’d like to try to figure out what the other dimensions represent , take a look at columns v3 - v5 on the full spreadsheet below and let us know if you come up with anything .
( We did n’t have much luck . )
Once we ’d realized that the second dimension ( v2 ) highly correlated with political leaning , we uploaded the spreadsheet into Google Spreadsheets and created a new column with a normalized score , scaled between a range of - 1 and 1 .
The spreadsheet , with all of the sources and their respective scores , is below .
( Download the Excel document or CSV if you want to sort or filter the data . )
After deriving the scores , writing the Greasemonkey was straightforward .
Google offers XML feeds for Spreadsheets , so I queried this public feed of our data using XMLHttpRequest , parsed it , and colored it based on the score .
If you have any improvements to the code , please pass them on by emailing me or IMing me using my contact information at the top of the page .
Conclusion
I ’d love to know what dedicated Memeorandum fans think of this .
For me , it makes the site much easier to skim .
At a glance , I can see what left - wing and right - wing bloggers each find interesting and , more importantly , when there ’s an article that ’s of genuine interest to both parties .
It ’s also interesting to quickly see which bloggers cross party lines , willing to link to stories that do n’t favor their own candidates .
I hope you like it , and please contribute your changes to make it better !
Further Reading
Puffinware ’s SVD tutorial is one of the most concise , coherent explanations of SVD I could find for the layman .
Ilya Grigorik applied SVD to build a recommendation system in Ruby , with great explanations and source code .
Simon
Funk explains how he used SVD to tie for third in the Netflix Prize leaderboard ( for a short time ) .
For those interested in network analysis of the political blogosphere , this 2005 academic paper by Lada Adamic and Natalie Glance looked at bloggers during the 2004 election .
It ’s two very separate worlds , as shown in this chart .
Also , Microsoft Research ’s Blews and Political Streams projects visualize bias and emotion for stories surfacing on political blogs .
This was my first Greasemonkey script , and I found Mark Pilgrim ’s Dive into Greasemonkey invaluable .
I highly recommend writing a couple scripts yourself ; it ’s incredibly empowering to modify other people ’s websites .
A special thanks to Gabe Rivera for building Memeorandum and Techmeme and for supporting this little project .
Updates
October 10 : J. Chris Anderson built a bookmarklet for use with non-Firefox browsers , or by anyone who just wants to test it out without installing an extension .
This also has the benefit of working on sites beyond Memeorandum , like Google News .
( Though , of course , it will only color sites that appear in our spreadsheet . )
October 11 : Brendan O’Connor compared our unsupervised machine - derived rankings to human judgments of political bias on Skewz , and found there ’s a significant correlation .
He released the code and full dataset on his entry .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
11/09/2008
' Pro-family ' : A brazen movement seeking control of our lives
by Jeremy Hooper
Seeing themselves as having earned anti-gay capital in the election , our " pro-family " opposition is getting quite full of themselves .
They are emboldened by their success in once again using the tyranny of a majority to inject ugliness into early 21st century American history , and they are even more arrogantly than ever using their " victory " to paint the judiciary as a rag tag ban of black robed who know less about the constitution than do religiously motivated people of faith .
Take , for example , comments like the following from Focus on the Family 's Bruce Hausknecht :
Alexander Hamilton envisioned the judiciary as " the least dangerous branch " of government because it could exercise " neither force nor will " — meaning it had no authority to create law or rights .
The Founders had it right :
The people govern .
Thirty marriage amendments later , we 're still trying to teach the courts their proper role .
Oh , the ol ' Alexander Hamilton line .
It 's a favorite of social conservatives .
Seriously , Google it and you will find everyone from The Alliance Defense Fund to Renew America to BYU Law referencing the " least dangerous branch " in their arguments against marriage equality .
You will also find several more instances where Focus on the Family has used the lines .
Only problem for the far - right legal beagles who rely on such a terse presentation of Federalist No. 78 ?
IT 'S COMPLETELY ANTI-INTELLECTUAL TO ANYONE WHO ACTUALLY READS ALL OF WHAT ALEXANDER HAMILTON HAD TO SAY !!!
We wo n't bore you with all the details and nuances regarding " the effects of occasional ill humors in the society , " " the injury of the private rights of particular classes of citizens , by unjust and partial laws , " and judges who " do their duty as faithful guardians of the Constitution , where legislative invasions of it had been instigated by the major voice of the community . "
But if you want to actually , oh , I do n't know -- LOOK AT A 220 YEAR OLD DOCUMENT WITH A CRITICAL , COMPLEX EYE THAT CAN'T BE BOILED DOWN TO A SIMPLE SOUND BITE ! -- then you can go read it for yourself .
Mr. Hausknecht might think he and his fellows are " teaching " the courts about their roles .
The truth , however , is that they are misleading the public about minority rights and deserved protections .
They are overlooking that civil rights history has long been decided in the courts , where reasoned justices have have the foresight to see beyond the public opinion of the day .
They are taking the fantastic , thoroughly American concept of " the will of the people " and extending it to mean that " the people " are free to impose their faith - based will in ways that stifle others ' civil liberties .
And , perhaps most egregiously , they are acting as if justices who grant marriage equality are " creating " laws , when in reality these learned robed beings are simply correcting shortsighted roadblocks that , in an unbiased society , would have never been in place .
It 's up for debate whether the anti-gay sides ' typically flawed attacks on the judiciary are due to ( a ) views that they 've genuinely formed through their own study , or ( b ) their choice to sign up for a movement that relies on duplicity and deception at virtually every turn .
But no matter the reason , the reality is that it 's folks like Bruce Hausknecht who truly need to be taught a thing or two about the judiciary and its crucial role in leading gays to their fair and equal day .
The intensely frustrating thing about that fact ?
" Pro-family " law is an absurdist art form that relies almost exclusively on aggressive mouths , not a reasoned system of collective knowledge that places high value on receptive ears !
After 30 Marriage Amendments , Will Judges Get the Message ?
[ FOF CitizenLink ]
**SEE ALSO : Back in 2005 , The Rude Pundit also took on the far - right 's shortsighted usage of Federalist # 78 .
Your thoughts
Keep smiling Bruce .
It wo n't be long before the courts teach you your place .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Nov 9 , 2008 11:37:23 PM
Alexander Hamilton was a douche bag and Aaron Burr did the country a great service .
Posted by : John Ozed | Nov 10 , 2008 9:27:19 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Shock waves from the global financial crisis are now being felt in almost every corner of working America as companies press the eject button on increasing numbers of employees .
Jeremy Conway , 13 , sells apples while dressed in period costume outside the New York Stock Exchange in New York , September 30 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
While the ax has been falling for months in the financial and home - building industries -- where the current economic downturn started -- as well as the Detroit auto industry , makers of everything from soft drinks to water filtration systems have unveiled hefty rounds of job cuts in recent weeks as they brace for what some predict could become a long and deep recession .
In the past week alone , companies including PepsiCo Inc and Danaher Corp said they would lay off thousands of workers , while the state of Massachusetts disclosed plans to cut its payroll by 1,000 as it faces a tax shortfall .
The situation is poised to worsen as the holidays approach and many businesses scrutinize budgets for the coming year .
The sad truth is that Christmas layoffs are common in tough times .
“ It ’s a fairly grim outlook , ” said Michael Goodman , director of economic and public policy research at the Donahue Institute of the University of Massachusetts .
“ I do n’t know of any sector of the economy that will be spared . ”
A four - week moving average of new U.S. government jobless claims last week hit its highest point in seven years .
Ed Yardeni , chief investment strategist for Yardeni Research , is hoping that the U.S. government ’s $ 700 billion bailout package will slow the job cuts .
“ If this rescue plan does n’t work , then ... you could see something much worse that could feel like a recession or a depression , with all sorts of people losing jobs , ” Yardeni said .
A survey of more than 100 chief financial officers and other senior executives -- conducted Wednesday -- found 56 percent expect to reduce payrolls over the coming year .
A majority polled by CFO Magazine also predicted falling revenues and plan to cut operating costs by at least 5 percent .
CUTS , FEAR SPREAD
Workers are scared .
Some 47 percent polled last month by Workplace Options said news of the financial crisis made them fearful about job security , and 25 percent said they had begun scanning help - wanted ads or updating their resumes .
“ I ’m being more conservative about spending -- I ’m concerned , ” said Donald Gaunt , a 52 - year - old construction worker from Smithville , Rhode Island , who said he has enough work to last through the end of this year but was n’t sure about 2009 .
“ It has n’t been this bad since the early 1980s . ”
Workers in the financial sector , as well as those involved in home building and at the struggling Detroit automakers , have already been hit by round after round of layoffs .
The failure of investment banks Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc and Bear Stearns Cos resulted in tens of thousands of people losing their jobs , but even banks that have survived the crisis , including Bank of America Corp and Citigroup , have cut head count dramatically .
General Motors Corp said this week that it would close plants in Michigan , Wisconsin and Delaware and cut more than 4,000 jobs .
The cuts are spreading into other sectors :
* PepsiCo on Tuesday said it would cut 3,300 jobs , almost 2 percent of its work force , in a bid to cut costs .
* Danaher , which also makes Craftsman tools , said on Thursday it would lay off 1,000 workers and close 12 plants .
* Rockwell Automation
Inc said it would lay off about 3 percent of its staff , or 600 people .
That news came on September 30 , the last day of the U.S. manufacturer ’s fiscal year .
* Textron Inc , the world ’s largest maker of corporate jets , said an unspecified number of jobs would be cut as it scales back its financial operation .
* Leggett & Platt Inc , which makes bed springs and store shelving , said it was cutting back hours at some factories and , in the words of Chief Executive Dave Haffner , “ must move to reduce staff .
We are already doing so . ”
It did not disclose the number of jobs it plans to eliminate .
FEW OTHER CHOICES
Temporary employment may also prove harder to find .
Consumer electronics retailer Best Buy Co , which normally bulks up staffing in the holiday season , plans to cut seasonal hiring by as many as 10,000 workers this year after hiring about 26,000 in 2007 .
“ When we see job losses and rising unemployment , this does not just affect those who lost their job , ” said Lawrence Mishel , president of the partly labor - funded Economic Policy Institute think tank .
“ Wages grow more slowly when there ’s higher unemployment , so the downturn will be affecting most working families through reduced hours of work , ” said Mishel .
“ This is not something that affects a small part of the workforce . ”
With the pace of layoffs picking up , the cycle becomes a vicious one , pressuring consumer spending and hurting home values yet again .
“ As people lose their jobs , they cut back on their consumption , and people are less able to afford their mortgages , which are already strained , ” said Ron Blackwell , chief economist at the AFL - CIO , the largest U.S. labor federation .
“ And so people lose their houses , which continues to aggravate the financial problems .
So it ’s reinforcing in that way and it ’s also spreading .
“ This recession -- and I did n’t see it this way a month ago -- is going to be global in scope , ” Blackwell said .
“ Here ’s a little news flash , ” Sarah Palin , the governor of Alaska and the Republican candidate for Vice - President , announced in September , during her début at the Party ’s Convention , in St. Paul .
“ I ’m not a member of the permanent political establishment .
And I ’ve learned quickly these past few days that if you ’re not a member in good standing of the Washington élite then some in the media consider a candidate unqualified for that reason alone . ”
But , she added , “ I ’m not going to Washington to seek their good opinion . ”
In 2007 , Palin entertained top conservative pundits at the governor ’s mansion .
Illustration by Richard Thompson
In subsequent speeches , Palin has cast herself as an antidote to the élitist culture inside the Beltway .
“ I ’m certainly a Washington outsider , and I ’m proud of that , because I think that that is what we need , ” she recently told Fox News .
During her first interview as John McCain ’s running mate , with ABC ’s Charlie Gibson , Palin was asked about her lack of experience in foreign policy .
She replied , “ We ’ve got to remember what the desire is in this nation at this time .
It is for no more politics as usual , and somebody ’s big fat résumé , maybe , that shows decades and decades in the Washington establishment . . .
Americans are getting sick and tired of that self - dealing , and kind of that closed - door , good - ol ’ - boy network that has been the Washington élite . ”
Palin ’s sudden rise to prominence , however , owes more to members of the Washington élite than her rhetoric has suggested .
Paulette Simpson , the head of the Alaska Federation of Republican Women , who has known Palin since 2002 , said , “ From the beginning , she ’s been underestimated .
She ’s very smart .
She ’s ambitious . ”
John Bitney , a top policy adviser on Palin ’s 2006 gubernatorial campaign , said , “ Sarah ’s very conscientious about crafting the story of Sarah .
She ’s all about the hockey mom and Mrs. Palin Goes to Washington — the anti-politician politician . ”
Bitney is from Wasilla , Palin ’s home town , and has known her since junior high school , where they both played in the band .
He considers Palin a friend , even though after becoming governor , in December , 2006 , she dismissed him .
He is now the chief of staff to the speaker of the Alaska House .
Upon being elected governor , Palin began developing relationships with Washington insiders , who later championed the idea of putting her on the 2008 ticket .
“ There ’s some political opportunism on her part , ” Bitney said .
For years , “ she ’s had D.C. in mind . ”
He added , “ She ’s not interested in being on the junior - varsity team . ”
During her gubernatorial campaign , Bitney said , he began predicting to Palin that she would make the short list of Republican Vice - Presidential prospects .
“ She had the biography , I told her , to be a contender , ” he recalled .
At first , Palin only laughed .
But within a few months of being sworn in she and others in her circle noticed that a blogger named Adam Brickley had started a movement to draft her as Vice - President .
Palin also learned that a number of prominent conservative pundits would soon be passing through Juneau , on cruises sponsored by right - leaning political magazines .
She invited these insiders to the governor ’s mansion , and even led some of them on a helicopter tour .
Throughout the campaign , Palin has mocked what she calls “ the mainstream media . ”
Yet her administration made a concerted effort to attract the attention of East Coast publications .
In late 2007 , the state hired a public - relations firm with strong East Coast connections , which began promoting Palin and a natural - gas pipeline that she was backing in Alaska .
The contract was for thirty - seven thousand dollars .
The publicist on the project , Marcia Brier , the head of MCB Communications , in Needham , Massachusetts , was asked to approach media outlets in Washington and New York , according to the Washington Post .
“ I believe Alaska has a very small press organization , ” Brier told me .
“ They hired an outside consultant in order to get that East Coast press . ”
Brier crafted a campaign depicting Palin as bravely taking on powerful oil interests by choosing a Canadian firm , TransCanada , rather than an American conglomerate such as ExxonMobil , to build the pipeline .
( “ Big Oil Under Siege ” was the title of a typical press release . )
Brier pitched Palin to publications such as the Times , the Washington Post , and Fortune .
From the start of her political career , Palin has positioned herself as an insurgent intent on dislodging entrenched interests .
In 1996 , a campaign pamphlet for her first mayoral run—recently obtained by _ The New Republic — _strikes the same note of populist resentment that Palin did at the Convention : “ I ’m tired of ‘ business as usual ’ in this town , and of the ‘ Good Ol ’ Boys ’ network that runs the show here . ”
Yet Palin has routinely turned to members of Washington ’s Old Guard for help .
After she became the mayor of Wasilla , Palin oversaw the hiring of a law firm to represent the town ’s interests in Washington , D.C. The Wasilla account was handled by Steven Silver , a Washington - area lobbyist who had been the chief of staff to Alaska ’s long - serving Republican senator Ted Stevens , who was indicted in July on charges of accepting illegal gifts and is now standing trial .
( Silver declined to discuss his ties to Palin . )
As the Washington Post reported , Silver ’s efforts in the capital helped Wasilla , a town of sixty - seven hundred residents , secure twenty - seven million dollars in federal earmarks .
During this election season , however , Palin has presented herself as more abstemious , saying , “ I ’ve championed reform to end the abuses of earmark spending by Congress . ”
In February , 2007 , Adam Brickley gave himself a mission : he began searching for a running mate for McCain who could halt the momentum of the Democrats .
Brickley , a self - described “ obsessive ” political junkie who recently graduated from the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , told me that he began by “ randomly searching Wikipedia and election sites for Republican women . ”
Though he generally opposes affirmative action , gender drove his choice .
“ People were talking about Hillary at the time , ” he recalled .
Brickley said that he “ puzzled over every Republican female politician I knew . ”
Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison , of Texas , “ waffled on social issues ” ; Senator Olympia Snowe , of Maine , was too moderate .
He was running out of options , he recalled , when he said to himself , “ What about that lady who just got elected in Alaska ? ”
Online research revealed that she had a strong grassroots following ; as Brickley put it , “ I hate to use the words ‘ cult of personality , ’ but she reminded me of Obama . ”
Brickley registered a Web site — palinforvp.blogspot.com — which began getting attention in the conservative blogosphere .
In the month before Palin was picked by McCain , Brickley said , his Web site was receiving about three thousand hits a day .
Support for Palin had spread from one right - of - center Internet site to the next .
First , the popular conservative blogger InstaPundit mentioned Brickley ’s campaign .
Then a site called the American Scene said that Palin was “ very appealing ” ; another , Stop the A.C.L.U. , described her as “ a great choice . ”
The traditional conservative media soon got in on the act : The American Spectator embraced Palin , and Rush Limbaugh , the radio host , praised her as “ a babe . ”
Brickley ’s family , once evangelical Christians , now practice what he calls “ Messianic Judaism . ”
They believe that Jesus is the Messiah , but they also observe the Jewish holidays and attend synagogue ; as Brickley puts it , “ Jesus was Jewish , so to be like Him you need to be Jewish , too . ”
Brickley said that “ the hand of God ” played a role in choosing Palin : “ The longer I worked on it the less I felt I was driving it .
Something else was at work . ”
Brickley is an authentic heartland voice , but he is also the product of an effort by wealthy conservative organizations in Washington to train activists .
He has attended several workshops sponsored by the Leadership Institute , a group based in the Washington area and founded in 1979 by the Christian conservative activist Morton Blackwell .
“ I ’m building a movement , ” Blackwell told me .
Brickley also participated in a leadership summit held by Young America ’s Foundation ( motto : “ The Conservative Movement Starts Here ” ) and was an intern at the Heritage Foundation .
He currently lives in a dormitory , on Capitol Hill , run by the Heritage Foundation , and is an intern with townhall.com , a top conservative Web site .
While Brickley and others were spreading the word about Palin on the Internet , Palin was wooing a number of well - connected Washington conservative thinkers .
In a stroke of luck , Palin did not have to go to the capital to meet these members of “ the permanent political establishment ” ; they came to Alaska .
Shortly after taking office , Palin received two memos from Paulette Simpson , the Alaska Federation of Republican Women leader , noting that two prominent conservative magazines —
The Weekly Standard , owned by Rupert Murdoch ’s News Corporation , and National Review , founded by William F. Buckley , Jr.— were planning luxury cruises to Alaska in the summer of 2007 , which would make stops in Juneau .
Writers and editors from these publications had been enlisted to deliver lectures to politically minded vacationers .
“ The Governor was more than happy to meet these guys , ” Joe Balash , a special staff assistant to Palin , recalled .
On June 18 , 2007 , the first group disembarked in Juneau from the Holland America Line ’s M.S. Oosterdam , and went to the governor ’s mansion , a white wooden Colonial house with six two - story columns , for lunch .
The contingent featured three of The Weekly Standard ’s top writers : William Kristol , the magazine ’s Washington - based editor , who is also an Op - Ed columnist for the Times and a regular commentator on “ Fox News Sunday ” ; Fred Barnes , the magazine ’s executive editor and the co-host of “ The Beltway Boys , ” a political talk show on Fox News ; and Michael Gerson , the former chief speechwriter for President Bush and a Washington Post columnist .
By all accounts , the luncheon was a high - spirited , informal occasion .
Kristol brought his wife and daughter ; Gerson brought his wife and two children .
Barnes , who brought his sister and his wife , sat on one side of Governor Palin , who presided at the head of the long table in the mansion ’s formal dining room ; the Kristols sat on the other .
Gerson was at the opposite end , as was Palin ’s chief of staff at the time , Mike Tibbles , who is now working for Senator Stevens ’s reëlection campaign .
The menu featured halibut cheeks — the choicest part of the fish .
Before the meal , Palin delivered a lengthy grace .
Simpson , who was at the luncheon , said , “ I told a girlfriend afterwards , ‘ That was some grace ! ’
It really set the tone . ”
Joe Balash , Palin ’s assistant , who was also present , said , “ There are not many politicians who will say grace with the conviction of faith she has .
It ’s a daily part of her life . ”
Palin was joined by her lieutenant governor and by Alaska ’s attorney general .
Also present was a local woman involved in upholding the Juneau school system ’s right to suspend a student who had displayed a satirical banner — “ Bong Hits 4 Jesus ” — across the street from his school .
The student had sued the school district , on First Amendment grounds , and , at the time of the lunch , the case was before the Supreme Court .
( The school district won . )
During the lunch , everyone was charmed when the Governor ’s small daughter Piper popped in to inquire about dessert .
Fred Barnes recalled being “ struck by how smart Palin was , and how unusually confident .
Maybe because she had been a beauty queen , and a star athlete , and succeeded at almost everything she had done . ”
It did n’t escape his notice , too , that she was “ exceptionally pretty . ”
According to a former Alaska official who attended the lunch , the visitors wanted to do something “ touristy , ” so a “ flight - seeing ” trip was arranged .
Their destination was a gold mine in Berners Bay , some forty - five miles north of Juneau .
For Palin and several staff members , the state leased two helicopters from a private company , Coastal , for two and a half hours , at a cost of four thousand dollars .
( The pundits paid for their own aircraft . )
Palin explained that environmentalists had invoked the Clean Water Act to oppose a plan by a mining company , Coeur Alaska , to dump waste from the extraction of gold into a pristine lake in the Tongass National Forest .
Palin rejected the environmentalists ’ claims .
( The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against Coeur Alaska , and the dispute is now before the Supreme Court . )
Barnes was dazzled by Palin ’s handling of the hundred or so mineworkers who gathered to meet the group .
“ She clearly was not intimidated by crowds — or men ! ” he said .
“ She ’s got real star quality . ”
Police believe a meteorite crashed near Alice Springs on Friday night .
Residents at the remote Wallare Rock Hole Community report hearing a loud bang and feeling the ground shake at around 7:00 pm local time .
Alice Springs Police have ruled out an aviation accident , saying authorities have accounted for all aircraft .
Watch Commander Senior Sergeant Malcolm
Passmore says officers went to the community to investigate but did not find anything .
He says police will now talk to the US Seismic Activity Centre to see if it can provide any clues as to the meteorite 's location .
" Some other follow - ups were done with the tower here at the Alice Springs airport and some further enquires are going to made here today with the seismic monitoring station here in Alice Springs , " he said .
Mick Tickner from the Apatula Community Store describes seeing a spectacular light .
" [ It ] started off just a light trail as it passed across the sky and flared into a super brilliant gold and white light , and then looked like it was heading towards the Alice Springs area , " he said .
Search the Blog About us Here at Airshipworld we are always trying to give you the newest airship and LTA news , if you have something that you want to share with the world please contact us .
If you want to promote your airship company , your books , magazine , if it has to do with LTA , not nessecarily airships do n't hesitate to contact us .
Our email address is airshipworld at gmail dot com .
Subscribe to Airshipworld Subscribe in a Feedreader
Subscribe to Airshipworld by Email
Donate Support Airshipworld with a donation , just click the button and you will be redirected to a donation page .
Technorati & Del.icio.us
Welcome to nerds ' corner , and yet another small print criticism of a trivial act of borderline dubiousness which will lead to distorted evidence , irrational decisions , and bad outcomes in what I like to call " the real world " .
So the ClinPsyc blog ( clinpsyc.blogspot.com ) has spotted that the drug company Lilly has published identical data on duloxetine - a newish antidepressant drug - twice over , in two entirely separate scientific papers .
The first article is from the January 2008 edition of the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry , a study which concludes that the " switch to duloxetine was associated with significant improvements in both emotional and painful physical symptoms of depression " .
The second concluded the same thing .
ClinPsyc went through both papers and checked all the numbers in the data tables , finding that they were essentially identical .
A few different subscales were reported in each paper , and the emphasis in the second is more on pain than depression , but other than that , this is identical data .
There are several reasons why this is interesting .
Firstly , duplicate publication distorts a reader 's impression of how much evidence is out there .
If you think there are two trials showing that something works , then obviously that 's much more impressive than if there 's just one .
" Of course I prescribe it , " you can hear the doctors say .
" I 've seen two trials showing that it works . "
I got on to the lead author of the paper , who explained that the second paper expanded more on the " pain " aspects of the results .
That is slightly fair enough .
He also claimed that the second paper referenced the first .
This is true in the strictest sense of the phrase : it did indeed make reference to its existence as a previous experiment , but it gave no indication that this was the same experiment , and for the reader , without going forensic on the numbers , there was no way to know that the data here was all from that previous study , and largely , simply , reproduced .
It looked like two studies .
It just did .
Duplicate publication can also distort the results of " meta- analyses " , big studies where the results of lots of trials are brought together into one big spreadsheet .
Because then , if you can't spot what 's duplicated , some evidence is actually counted twice in the numerical results .
This is why it is more acceptable to publish duplicates if you at least acknowledge that you have done so .
By way of example , I am being clear that I will now rehash a paragraph I wrote several years ago on the work of Dr Martin Tramer .
Tramer was looking at the efficacy of a nausea drug called ondansetron , and noticed that lots of the data seemed to be replicated : the results for many individual patients had been written up several times , in slightly different forms , in apparently different studies , in different journals .
Crucially , data which showed the drug in a better light were more likely to be duplicated than the data which showed it to be less impressive , and overall this led to a 23 % overestimate of the drug 's efficacy .
But the other thing to notice about this duloxetine experiment is that its design made the Durham fish oil " trial " look like a work of genius .
There was no control group , and it simply looks at whether pain improves after swapping to duloxetine from a previous antidepressant ( either instantly , or with a gradual crossover of prescriptions , which might induce a vague sense that one thing is somehow being compared with another ) .
You do n't need to be a professor of clinical trial methodology to recognise that some people 's pain will improve anyway , under those conditions , regardless of what 's in the pill ( and regardless of whether prescriptions are tapered into each other ) , through a combination of the placebo effect , and the fact that sometimes , in fact quite often , things like pain do just get better with time .
And this might have been a worthwhile study to do if you had good grounds to believe that duloxetine really did improve physical pain in depression - as Lilly has claimed for a while - and you just needed to work out the best dosing regime .
But a meta - analysis published earlier this year looked at all the evidence for that claim .
Its title is Duloxetine Does Not Relieve Painful Physical Symptoms in Depression : A Meta-Analysis .
Nobody knows how common duplicate publication is in academia .
Two days after ClinPsyc published its story The MacGuffin ( chekhovsgun.blogspot.com ) found an identical story around a different drug .
Just from mentioning this story I 've picked up another from my friend Will in the next room .
These are afterthoughts by academics , water cooler comments , but once posted on the internet they become searchable , and notable , and slightly embarrassing .
• Please send your bad science to bad.science@theguardian.com
The Hubble Space Telescope is up and kickin ' once again , and just to prove it , check this puppy out :
AWESOME !
That 's Arp 147 , a pair of interacting galaxies .
Halton Arp , an astronomer , made an extensive catalog of funny - looking galaxies , most of which are due to near or direct collisions between galaxies .
It looks like the one on the left glided right through the one on the right .
Ring shapes are common after such encounters , though I must admit I 'm a little baffled by the smooth ring with the off - kilter core of the left - hand galaxy .
The odd angle of the galaxy to us -- it 's almost edge - on -- may be contributing to this particularly peculiar view .
The bigger galaxy is blue because the collision triggered huge amounts of star formation .
That means massive stars get born , and they 're blue .
They are also much , much brighter than other stars being born , so they dominate the light we see , making the whole galaxy look blue .
Interesting that the smaller galaxy is not really blue as well , indicating that it had a milder star - formation burst if any .
I do n't know why .
I may have to dig through the literature when I have time .
This is a pretty interesting pair of galaxies !
The Hubble folks are billing this picture as a " Perfect 10 " , because the galaxies kinda sorta look like a " 10 " .
A little .
Maybe .
But the good news is that this is from the Wide Field / Planetary Camera 2 , which was shut down until a few days ago .
It went offline when engineers were trying to restore Hubble back to speed after a major piece of hardware failed .
They were able to get a backup piece working , but other problems delayed the operation .
Now , however , things are looking good , and it looks like we have a working telescope .
Sometime early next year NASA will launch a Space Shuttle mission to perform a final manned upgrade to the observatory , installing two new cameras and a bunch of hardware that will extend its life another few years .
Let me add that this has been pretty amazing .
Hubble is an extremely complicated piece of machinery , and it can be really fickle .
The fact that it works at all is a testament to human accomplishment , and that it runs so well even after the number and scale of problems it's had is really an incredible achievement for the engineers and scientists who have worked on it .
My sincere and hearty congratulations go to NASA .
Well done !
And let me add that the image above was taken just two days ago , so my astonishment and amazement are directed at the HST imaging team , who must have drained all the coffee in Baltimore to get this done so quickly .
Edited to add : I just heard from my friend Lisa Frattare at Hubble : she worked on the image , along with Zolt Levay and Max Mutchler .
I was right ; they put in major hours to get this image cleaned up , prettified , and published .
Nice work everyone !
Among the many cock - and - bull stories set afoot by the Bush administration during the leadup to its attack on Iraq was the one about the now - infamous drones of death .
Later , it became sufficiently clear that this alleged threat had no more substance than the others the administration and the lapdog mainstream media had served up to a credulous public .
Although the ludicrously primitive Iraqi drones had no capacity whatsoever to harm the American public , the lethality of U.S. drones is another matter .
Predator drones equipped with Hellfire missiles now provide the U.S. government with a means of flying over territory that U.S. ground troops dare not penetrate , observing activities on the ground , and killing people there with , shall we say , a minimum of due process .
In November 2002 , for example , BBC News reported : “ America ’s Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) carried out an attack in Yemen that killed six suspected members of Osama Bin Laden ’s al - Qaeda network , according to US officials .
The men died when the jeep they were travelling in was hit by a missile fired from an unmanned CIA plane — believed to be a Predator drone , the US sources said . ”
U.S. forces have also used the Predator actively in Afghanistan and , most recently , in the Waziristan region of Pakistan .
Today , I read an account of a drone attack near the town of Miramshah in North Waziristan that is reported to have “ killed at least 14 people and injured 12 others , ” including “ at least six women and children . ”
In Afghanistan , such aerial attacks , not always by drones , of course , have created a ticklish dilemma for the Karzai government as it pretends to be a real government , rather than the U.S. puppet it actually is .
Official protests have become increasingly vociferous , though I have seen no evidence that the U.S. forces intend to change their operations in response .
What an awesome power the president and , with his authorization , his subordinate officers possess : they can kill people at will , including those persons ’ wives and children , with no risk whatever of receiving return fire or other retribution .
Surely this is the long - sought culmination of the Republican ’s quest to establish “ law and order . ”
What leads me to remark on this matter , however , is not its technological nuts and bolts or its connection with master - puppet relations in southwest Asia , but rather the complete insouciance with which the American public greets reports of deaths by drone .
I do not exaggerate if I say that the general reaction is “ ho - hum . ”
Well , the average American says , that disposes nicely of another “ bad guy . ”
The gratuitous murder of the bad guy ’s family members , neighbors , and other innocent persons in the vicinity appears to create no blip on the average American ’s moral radar screen .
Perhaps Americans do not consider Yemenis , Afghanis , and Pakistanis to be real human beings whose right to life we are obliged to respect ?
Is death by drone simply another occasion when the president , having labeled a set of actions as a “ war , ” believes and acts as if he has carte blanche to dish out death and destruction willy nilly ?
Of course , reports of drone attacks usually refer to militants , Taliban forces , or al Qaeda members .
To this information , we might well respond : yeah , who says ?
If we are content to assume that U.S. intelligence agents , who nearly always get their information from collaborators in the target territories , really know whom they are targeting , then we are certainly easily satisfied .
One does not have to make an extensive survey of U.S. government claims about Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , and other places in southwest Asia over the past seven years to see that for the most part the U.S. commanders , from the Commander in Chief on down to the sweatiest noncom on patrol , are either more or less clueless or the biggest liars on the planet .
I do not rule out that they are both .
The upshot is that the people who cooperate in getting to the point at which someone pushes the button to send the Hellfire toward its selected target may in fact not know for sure whom they are about the kill , or how many others will be killed along with this ostensible “ enemy ” or who those others are .
Without launching into a massive geopolitical inquiry , we might well pause from time to time to ask , What are U.S. forces doing in Afghanistan and Pakistan anyhow ?
Surely they are not there to capture or kill the persons responsible for the crimes of 9/11 , because they have already proved beyond all doubt that they are incapable of doing so ( as Osama bin Laden ’s videos periodically remind us ) .
They are , however , all too capable of diverting their energies from that objective toward unrelated goals , such as attacking and occupying Iraq .
We Americans find ourselves , then , observing with extreme moral disengagement as the president and his subordinates murder persons whose identities remain uncertain along with assorted others whose only crime is being in the same area as the targeted individuals — after all , the Hellfire , which makes a very big blast , can scarcely be described as a surgically precise killing instrument .
Moreover , the president ’s use of this remote - control - execution device apparently has no geographical limits , because , as he assures us , the “ war on terror ” has none .
Today , a dirt road in Waziristan ; tomorrow , the Santa Monica Freeway .
It will be interesting to see , when drone attacks are carried out in this country , whether the American public gives a damn .
Barack Obama became the first US Presidential candidate in 16 years to buy prime airtime for a 30 minute talk to the nation tonight ( or the Obama Infomercial as it ’s become known ) , and the video is now online for those who missed it :
Early feedback from the press has been positive : the editing is A + as one site put it ( and it is ) , and the message strong .
If you ’ve seen it already , or watch it here for the first time , what do you think ?
Update : the live part from the end of the Obama Infomercial below
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Low - income borrowers were today warned against signing up for an Argos payment card , which has an interest rate of up to 222.7 % .
The Easy Shop Card , which the retailer has launched in partnership with sub - prime lender Provident Personal Credit , is aimed at cash - strapped shoppers who want to borrow between £ 100 and £ 500 to spend in the store .
The lender 's website says applying for the card is " simple and straightforward " with " no complicated forms " , and that borrowers can make " affordable , fixed , regular repayments - collected by a local agent " .
However , the interest rates on offer are significantly higher than those available on standard credit cards , where APRs tend to be below 30 % .
On a £ 300 loan repaid over a year the website quotes a typical APR of 183.2 % , while shorter - term borrowing attracts even higher rates .
A consumer borrowing £ 100 on the card would be charged £ 35 in interest if they repaid it at a rate of £ 5 a week over 27 weeks , giving an APR of 222.7 % .
According to price comparison website uSwitch , a shopper using the card to purchase a Nintendo Wii console from Argos for £ 179.99 would have to repay £ 248.46 over six months .
Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrat 's shadow chancellor , described the promotion of the card in the run up to Christmas as " wicked " .
" A lot of people are finding it increasingly difficult to borrow from the mainstream high street banks .
Many may well feel they have to fall back on things like this .
There is a real risk of a very large number of people being exploited as a result , " he said .
" In my view it is wicked to be promoting such high interest cards and loans at Christmas , when people feel under pressure . "
Louise Bond , personal finance manager at uSwitch.com , said the card providers seemed to be " cashing in on desperate consumers " .
" Despite the recession life does have to go on , but we strongly advise people not to be lured into this type of deal .
It may seem like a quick fix but in will cost you dear in the long run , " she said .
But Provident Financial defended the card saying it was no different to other home credit loans , except that people were given the money on plastic rather than in cash .
The group said the £ 35 for borrowing £ 100 was a charge rather than an interest payment , adding that people would not face addition penalty charges or interest charges if they fell behind with repayments .
It added that the APR figure was misleading due to the short time frame in which the loan was repaid .
A spokesman said : " The amount people owe can never rise .
There are no interest or default charges . "
The following projects are no longer being updated or maintained .
However , they will continue to remain available through this archive .
DISMUKE'S 78 RPM BLOG
Features vintage recordings from a wide variety of musical genres from my personal 78 rpm record collection .
I updated this blog on an occasional , as time permitted basis between 2011 and 2015 .
As much as I enjoyed putting together the postings I simply had too many other higher priority commitments to justify further updates .
The content , however , never goes out of date so there are a lot of great recordings for those who are discovering it for the first time to explore .
DISMUKE'S MESSAGE BOARD
This message board provided those who enjoyed Radio Dismuke and this site an opportunity to meet and interact .
Discussions about any aspect of the early 20th century and its popular culture were welcome .
For a few years , this board was quite active and enjoyed a core group of members who regularly posted interesting information and engaging conversation .
Unfortunately , there was a period where spammers were developing automated bots faster than message board software providers were able to keep up with .
Ever increasing volumes of spam postings and fake user registrations made the administrative work of maintaining the board increasingly burdensome .
While the board is no longer active it remains online as many of the postings are interesting and informative .
It continues to receive a lot of traffic , though these days it comes as a result of search engine inquiries .
Dismuke 's Hit of the Week
The Hit of the Week section of this site was updated between 1999 and 2010 .
Recordings posted prior to late 2003 were digitized without the audio restoration equipment I subsequently acquired .
Audio files are in Real Audio format only - the mp3 links in the later postings no longer work .
While RealAudio is no longer in widespread usage , one can still download the RealPlayer software needed to play the files .
Dismuke 's Virtual Talking Machine
Dismuke 's Virtual Talking Machine was the original name of this entire website .
What is archived here under the name is the original portion updated between 1998 through 1999 .
The Virtual Talking Machine was among the early websites to stream vintage recordings and received favorable write ups and reviews from several major media organizations .
All recordings in this section are in Real Audio format .
While RealAudio is no longer in widespread usage , one can still download the RealPlayer software needed to play the files .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/a\/a9\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-11-Version-4.jpg\/v4-460px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-11-Version-4.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/a\/a9\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-11-Version-4.jpg\/aid375615-v4-728px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-11-Version-4.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
1 Gather your supplies .
If you cannot remove your showerhead , you can still soak it using vinegar and a plastic bag .
Here is what you will need : A plastic bag large enough to fit over your showerhead
A piece of string or a twist tie
Distilled white vinegar
An old toothbrush
Soft cloth , such as microfiber or flannel
If you cannot remove your showerhead , you can still soak it using vinegar and a plastic bag .
Here is what you will need :
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/e\/e5\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-12-Version-4.jpg\/v4-460px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-12-Version-4.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/e\/e5\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-12-Version-4.jpg\/aid375615-v4-728px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-12-Version-4.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"} 2
Fill the bag partway with vinegar .
Do not fill it all the way , or the vinegar will pour out when you try to put the showerhead into it .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/6\/69\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-13-Version-4.jpg\/v4-460px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-13-Version-4.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/ thumb\/6\/69\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-13-Version-4.jpg\/aid375615-v4-728px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-13-Version-4.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"} 3
Place the bag over the showerhead .
Hold the bag under the showerhead and pull it open .
Slowly bring it upwards until it is covering the showerhead and the showerhead is in the vinegar .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/1\/1e\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-14-Version-4.jpg\/v4-460px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-14-Version-4.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/1\/1e\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-14-Version-4.jpg\/aid375615-v4-728px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-14-Version-4.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
4
Secure the bag to the showerhead with a piece of string or twist tie .
You can do this by holding the top of the bag tightly around the neck of the showerhead , and then tying a piece of string or a twist tie tightly around it .
Carefully let go of the bag and make sure that it wo n't fall off before stepping away .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/b\/bd\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-15-Version-4.jpg\/v4-460px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-15-Version-4.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/b\/bd\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-15-Version-4.jpg\/aid375615-v4-728px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-15-Version-4.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
5
Let the showerhead soak for 30 minutes to overnight .
The dirtier your showerhead is , the longer it will have to soak .
If the showerhead is made from brass , or has a gold or nickel coating , then take the bag off after 30 minutes .
You can always repeat the process after you have rinsed the showerhead .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/1\/1b\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-16-Version-4.jpg\/v4-460px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-16-Version-4.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/1\/1b\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-16-Version-4.jpg\/aid375615-v4-728px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-16-Version-4.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"} 6 Remove the bag .
Hold the bag with one hand and carefully untie it with the other .
Tip the bag over and empty out the vinegar .
Be careful not to let the vinegar splash into your eyes .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/4\/49\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-17-Version-4.jpg\/v4-460px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-17-Version-4.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/ thumb\/4\/49\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-17-Version-4.jpg\/aid375615-v4-728px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-17-Version-4.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
7
Turn on the water for a few moments , then turn it off .
This will flush out any mineral deposits that might be stuck inside the showerhead .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/d\/d3\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-18-Version-4.jpg\/v4-460px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-18-Version-4.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/d\/d3\/Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-18-Version-4.jpg\/aid375615-v4-728px-Clean-the-Showerhead-with-Vinegar-Step-18-Version-4.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
8 Scrub the showerhead using an old toothbrush , then turn the water back on .
Focus on the base of the showerhead , where the water comes out , as this is the area that will get the most buildup .
Turn the water back on again to flush more residue out .
Keep scrubbing the showerhead and turning the water on until you cannot see anymore mineral residue .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) is going after several television networks for issuing YouTube takedown notices on campaign videos .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) is going after several television networks for issuing YouTube takedown notices on campaign videos .
EFF on Monday penned a letter to CBS , Fox , NBC Universal , and the Christian Broadcasting Network , and asked that they stop issuing Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) takedown notices on campaign videos posted to YouTube .
" It is our sincere hope that , in the final days of this election season , you will stop sending DMCA takedown notices that target the use of short clips of news footage in election - related videos , whether posted by the presidential campaigns or by individual citizens expressing their views , " wrote Fred von Lohmann , a senior intellectual property attorney at EFF .
Republican presidential hopeful John McCain 's campaign last week sent a letter to YouTube requesting that it give a " full legal review " to all DMCA takedown notices aimed at videos from political candidates and campaign .
YouTube later rejected that request , but EFF said the problem is not with the video hosting site but with the networks that issue the takedown requests in the first place .
The McCain campaign identified CBS , CBN , and Fox as copyright owners who have targeted political videos on YouTube , while NBC has admitted to submitting takedown notices for videos from the Obama campaign , von Lohmann wrote .
" We understand your organizations ' desire to be seen as neutral , but given the extremely short nature of the clips at issue and the context in which these clips appear , it is unlikely that anyone would believe that the use of the clips by a candidate means that your organizations are somehow supporting that candidate , " he said .
Instead , these uses are " paradigmatic examples of fair use , " von Lohmann said .
If someone spots a video on a site like YouTube that they believe to contain copyrighted material , they can file a DMCA takedown notice with YouTube .
YouTube will remove the video and notify the person who posted it .
If the owner believes they are within their rights to post the material , they can file a counter notification and YouTube will investigate .
If the video is found to contain no offending material , YouTube must re-post the video within 10 to 14 days .
The McCain campaign argued that that 10 - to 14 - day period can be a lifetime during a political campaign .
It urged YouTube to review videos from campaigns or candidates before immediately removing them from the site .
YouTube said that extending that courtesy to videos for U.S. campaigns alone would be unfair , and that in most cases , it did not have enough information to make a judgment about whether the video constituted fair use or a copyright infringement .
The McCain campaign 's request was " inadequate , " according to EFF .
" It is not enough to protect the interests of political candidates and campaigns , while failing to safeguard the First Amendment interests of the millions of other YouTube users that post non-infringing political videos on a daily basis , " von Lohmann wrote in a letter to YouTube .
EFF argued that YouTube should re-post non-offending videos immediately rather than waiting the usual 10 to 14 days .
" The relatively small number of counter - notices filed by users should make this a manageable task for YouTube personnel , " von Lohmann argued .
Meanwhile , if YouTube finds that a takedown notice aimed at a particular account is invalid , all subsequent takedown notices regarding that account should not be pulled down immediately , according to EFF .
" You Tube should refuse to remove the video , secure in the knowledge that it has no need of the DMCA safe harbors , " EFF wrote .
Von Lohmann acknowledged that YouTube does not always have enough information to make a fair use determination , but argued that " there are clear cases , particularly where short news clips are used in the course of a political video intended as commentary or criticism , " he wrote .
YouTube , CBS , and NBC did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Fox said it does not have any comment at this time .
Meanwhile , the Center for Democracy and Technology on Tuesday wrote a letter to the legal teams of the McCain and Obama campaigns asking that once the election is over , they publicize which " overagressive copyright claims may have stifled political expression during the campaign cycle . "
" Wrongful takedown requests should have consequences , and public exposure is one way to ensure that they do , " wrote Leslie Harris , president and CEO of CDT , and David Sohn , the group 's senior policy counsel .
" Disclosure could help promote public understanding of the role of fair use in civic discourse . "
Editor 's Note :
This story was updated at 445 pm Eastern with comments from Fox and CDT .
BBC News website reader Henk Dop took this photo in central Namibia where he says Toyota Hilux 4x4 vehicles are popular .
Send in your photographs of Africa to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , with “ AFRICA PICS ” in the subject field .
The trailer for Control Alt Delete .
Control Alt Delete is a moody romantic comedy exploring fetishism , addiction and love in the information age .
As our hero Lewis struggles to integrate his public and private persona's , he realizes he may not be the only one harboring a dirty little secret .
Duration
3 min 12 sec
Views
107,214
Posted On
September 18 , 2008 Director
Cameron Labine
Writer
Cameron Labine
Studio
Independent
Release
November 10 , 2008 Cast
Sonja Bennett
Laura Bertram
Keith Dallas
Alisen Down
Bro Gilbert Trailer Tracks
No Music Available Comedy
Drama
Sonja Bennett
Tyler Labine
Why You Should Consider Rim Packages
A San Francisco hacker faces up to 10 years imprisonment for intruding into the computers of theme park giant Six Flags , posting a message of love for his girlfriend and inundating the company with bot - produced job applications reading " THIS SITE WAS HACKED . "
Over a five - day period in 2004 , Mark Kahn , 27 , left messages in the amusement park company 's network to his girlfriend : " I Love you , Laura , " the authorities said .
The IP address from where the hacking originated were traced to web sites used by Kahn , including his personal web site where he posted blogs , pictures of his girlfriend Laura and pictures of cats , according to South Carolina U.S. Attorney W. Walter Wilkins , South Carolina 's U.S. attorney .
One picture of a cat helped the authorities nab Kahn , who pleaded ( . pdf ) guilty last week to one count of hacking ( .pdf ) .
Authorities enlarged one picture with a cat on a keyboard and saw a web address to a site in which the hacker described the intrusion .
Agents then tracked down Kahn , posing as potential IT employers , according to Wilkins .
Wilkins said the defendant discussed the Six Flags attack and Kahn later confessed to the FBI .
Kahn could not be immediately located for comment .
His attorney , Jessica Salvini of South Carolina , did not return messages seeking comment .
The authorities did not provide a motive .
Kahn is expected to be sentenced later this year
Photo Missty
See Also :
And this is why you build a super yatch , with missiles and submarines and a crew of 70 ex-SAS soldiers , when it dawns on you that your billions in wealth were not the result of real hard work or ingenuity but the result of shady deals , loans for shares and political favours that enabled you to buy a 50 % controlling stake in the giant Russian oil company Sibneft for $ 50 million - way under the market value at the time and in hindsight under valued not in the tens of millions but billions .
Or just to show off how rich you are !
WELLINGTON ( Reuters Life ! ) - Financial markets may be melting and economies in recession , but that has n’t put consumers off quality New Zealand wine , as booming exports show .
A man drinks red wine in a file photo .
REUTERS / Stoyan Nenov
The country ’s boutique wine industry notched record sales in September and with similar results expected for October , it is on track for its planned NZ $ 1 billion ( $ 545 million ) annual earnings by 2010 .
“ In two words : our wine is world - class , ” said New Zealand Winegrowers chief executive Philip Gregan .
“ Our harvest was much bigger than last year ’s , bigger than anticipated .
That reflects the fact that there was a very good growing season from December through March , ” he added .
A record 14.4 million bottles of New Zealand wine worth around NZ$ 100 million ( $ 56 million ) were sold worldwide in September and early figures suggest October will be just as big .
A prominent “ New World ” wine producer , New Zealand is best known for its sauvignon blanc but has a growing reputation for pinot noir , and targets exports at the top end of the market .
Most of the country ’s more than 500 winemakers are boutique , small scale operations producing low volumes of niche varieties .
One such boutique company is Framingham Wines , operating in New Zealand ’s major wine region Marlborough , located at the top of the South island .
It produced six botrytis fungus affected dessert wines this year where the grapes were left to almost rot on the vine .
The result was a vintage of just 250 bottles of a sweet wine , known popularly as “ stickies . ”
“ To me the most important thing is what is in the bottle .
We did n’t make them to make money , we made them because we could , ” said winemaker Andrew Hetley .
“ We wanted to celebrate those weather conditions we had during vintage , rather than sit back and moan about them . ”
Britain is New Zealand ’s premium market , but Gregan said a big effort is being made to expand sales in non-traditional markets such as the United States and Asia .
“ The product is good , it ’s just getting it known which is the challenge in those non-traditional markets , ” he explained .
New Zealand produces less than 0.5 percent of global wine output and about 1 percent of world exports , but producers are anxious to avoid being labeled bulk purveyors .
Neighboring Australia is a major global “ New World ” wine producer and exporter , with well - known brands including Penfolds and Jacob ’s Creek .
“ The plan is to try not to let volume lead to any lowering of perception about the quality of our wines .
Wine companies are working very hard to achieve that , ” Gregan said .
( Additional reporting by Gyles Beckford )
JOHNSTOWN , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) -- Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin charged into the culture wars Saturday in Pennsylvania , painting Sen. Barack Obama as a radical on abortion rights .
The stop comes amid news that Palin violated Alaska ethics law by trying to get her former brother - in - law fired from the state police , a state investigator 's report for the bipartisan Legislative Council concluded Friday .
Ethics woes aside , Palin focused her attention on abortion -- an issue that rallies the conservative base but some say alienates independent and women voters .
" In times like these with wars and financial crisis , I know that it may be easy to forget even as deep and abiding a concern as the right to life , and it seems that our opponent kind of hopes you will forget that , " Palin told a crowd in Johnstown .
" He hopes that you wo n't notice how radical , absolutely radical his idea is on this , and his record is , until it 's too late . "
Palin has mostly avoided raising her opposition to abortion rights on the campaign trail since she was tapped as Sen .
John McCain 's running mate , a fact she readily acknowledged in her remarks .
Watch more of Palin 's views on abortion »
But Palin said Obama 's record on the matter is too extreme to be ignored , and she spent 10 minutes of her 30 - minute speech discussing abortion .
" A vote for Barack Obama is a vote for activist courts that will continue to smother the open and democratic debate that we deserve and that we need on this issue of life , " she said .
" Obama is a politician who has long since left behind even the middle ground on the issue of life . "
Obama opposes any constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court 's decision in Roe v. Wade and disagreed with Supreme Court ruling to uphold the " Partial Birth Abortion Ban Act . "
He did not cast a vote on Prohibiting Funds for Groups that Perform Abortions amendment in 2007 .
Palin opposes abortion in all cases , including rape and incest , except when a mother 's life is in danger , and said she believes Roe v.
Wade should be overturned and the decision given to the states .
McCain voted for the Prohibit Partial Birth Abortion bill in 2003 and " yes " for Prohibiting Funds for Groups that Perform Abortions amendment in 2007 .
He believes Roe v.
Wade is a flawed decision that must be overturned , and also supports the Supreme Court ruling upholding the Partial Birth Abortion Ban Act .
Palin also talked about a remark Obama made about sex education while campaigning in Johnstown in March , when he told a voter he did n't want his daughters " punished with a baby " or " punished with an STD " if they were not educated about sex and made a mistake .
" So I listened when our opponent defended his unconditional support for unlimited abortions and he said he said that a woman should n't have to be ' Punished with a baby , ' " Palin said as the audience jeered at Obama .
" Ladies and gentlemen , he said that right here in Johnstown .
' Punished with a baby . '
It 's about time we called him on it . "
Obama is also in Pennsylvania Saturday -- campaigning in the heavily Democratic city of Philadelphia .
During his four - stop swing around the city , Obama acknowledged McCain 's efforts to " tone down the rhetoric " on the campaign trail .
" I appreciated his reminder that we can disagree while still being respectful of each other .
I 've said it before , and I 'll say it again -- Sen.
McCain has served this country with honor , and he deserves our thanks for that , " Obama told an early morning crowd assembled in the northern part of the city .
Watch more of Obama 's comments »
Ever since last weekend , when Palin first accused Obama of " palling around with a terrorist , " referring to 1960s radical William Ayers , rowdy crowds have called Obama a liar , terrorist and worse .
At an event Friday in Lakeville , Minnesota , McCain referred to Obama as a " decent person " and praised him as a " family man " after two voters expressed fear over Obama being elected .
Watch McCain tell voters not to be afraid of Obama »
But the Arizona senator was met by a sea of boos when asking the crowd to be more respectful toward Obama .
When the crowd began to boo , McCain told them " No , no .
I want everyone to be respectful . "
Obama later dispensed with polite talk and pivoted to his main campaign trail argument that McCain is out of touch on the economy .
" Sen. McCain 's campaign manager actually said that Sen.
McCain was n't talking about the market because there 's just not much a candidate for president can say -- and they are n't sure what he'd say each day even if he did talk about it , " Obama said .
" But here 's the thing Philadelphia .
They can run misleading ads , and pursue the politics of anything goes , they can try to change the subject .
They can do that what they want to do because the American people understand what 's going on -- but it 's not going to work .
Not this time . "
CNN 's Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick and Sasha Johnson contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama • Sarah Palin
Representative Rahm Emanuel , left , President - elect Barack Obama ’s chief of staff , called the president of an Arab - American group today to apologize for comments his father made to an Israeli newspaper .
In the remarks , Benjamin Emanuel discussed the potential impact of his son ’s new position on U.S. - Israeli relations .
“ Obviously he ’ll influence the president to be pro-Israel .
Why would n’t he ?
What is he , an Arab ?
He ’s not going to be mopping floors at the White House , ” the elder Mr. Emanuel told the Israeli daily Ma’ariv , according to English - language reports in The Jerusalem Post and The Jewish Telegraphic Agency .
Calling the comment an “ unacceptable smear , ” the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee had sent the younger Emanuel a letter ( copied to Mr. Obama ) calling on him to “ disavow and repudiate these remarks publicly . ”
“ All we ask is to be treated in the same way as any other ethnic , racial or minority group , ” said Kareem Shora , the A.D.C. ’s executive director .
“ We ’re not treating it as simply an Arab - American issue , we ’re trying to treat it as an American issue . ”
That led to Rahm Emanuel ’s apology today .
“ Today , Representative Emanuel called Mary Rose Oakar , president of the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee , apologized on behalf of his family and offered to meet with representatives of the Arab - American community at an appropriate time in the future , ” said Nick Papas , a spokesman for the congressman .
Before Mr. Emanuel made his apology , Mr. Shora said the structure of the elder Mr. Emanuel ’s remarks made their meaning clear .
“ The sequence of the statement was very important , ” he said , adding that the ‘ Arab ’ line “ was not separated in any way ” from the ‘ mopping ’ line .
He said there would be public outcry if “ Arab ” had been replaced with the name of any other ethnic group .
Benjamin Emanuel is not yet available for comment , according to an associate at the office of Ari Emanuel , a Hollywood agent and the congressman ’s brother , to whom a message on the father ’s answering machine referred press calls .
Mr. Obama ’s campaign declined to address the issue .
“ We need to bring our forever wars to a responsible end , ” the document states .
“ Our military engagements , which have spanned from West Africa to Southeast Asia , have cost more than $ 5 trillion and claimed more than half a million lives .
Our war in Afghanistan is the longest war in American history ...
Researchers working at the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) have demonstrated for the first time the existence of a key magnetic -- as opposed to electronic -- property of specially built semiconductor devices .
This discovery raises hopes for even smaller and faster gadgets that could result from magnetic data storage in a semiconductor material , which could then quickly process the data through built - in logic circuits controlled by electric fields .
Magnetic data storage is currently utilized with great success in consumer products such as computer hard drives and MP3 players .
But these storage devices are based on metallic materials .
These conventional hard drives can only hold data ; they have to send the data to a semiconductor - based device to process the data , slowing down performance .
In a new paper , * researchers from NIST , Korea University and the University of Notre Dame have confirmed theorists ' hopes that thin magnetic layers of semiconductor material could exhibit a prized property known as antiferromagnetic coupling -- in which one layer spontaneously aligns its magnetic pole in the opposite direction as the next magnetic layer .
The discovery of antiferromagnetic coupling in metals was the basis of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physics , but it is only recently that it has become conceivable for semiconductor materials .
Semiconductors with magnetic properties would not only be able to process data , but also store it .
The most widely studied magnetic semiconductor is gallium arsenide ( GaAs ) with magnetic atoms ( manganese ) taking the place of some of the gallium atoms .
Theorists had predicted that by creating thin films of this material separated by a nonmagnetic material of just the right thickness and electrical properties , one could engineer antiferromagnetic ( AF ) coupling .
With magnetic fields , one could then switch the magnetization of one of the layers back and forth to create " spintronic " logic circuits , ones that operate not only under the usual control of electric fields but also the influence of magnetic fields ( manipulating a property known as spin , which could be imagined as tiny internal bar magnets in particles such as electrons ) .
The team , working at the NIST Center for Neutron Research , studied these multilayer stacks using a technique known as polarized neutron reflectometry .
In this technique , a beam of neutrons is bounced off the stacks .
Since neutrons are magnetic , and are able to easily penetrate through the entire stack , the reflected neutrons provide information about the magnetic properties of the individual layers .
At low temperatures and small magnetic fields , the polarized neutron data unambiguously confirm the existence of an antiparallel magnetic alignment of neighboring layers .
When the magnetic field was increased , the neutron data indicated a parallel alignment of all layers .
These results demonstrate that AF coupling is achievable in GaMnAs - based multilayers , a seminal property that now opens up a multitude of device possibilities for this novel material .
While the phenomenon only occurs at very cold temperatures in the material ( about 30 K ) , the researchers believe these results will help inform theorists who could then better understand how to create room - temperature devices with the same magnetic properties .
###
* J.-H. Chung , S.J. Chung , S. Lee , B.J. Kirby , J.A. Borchers , Y.J. Cho , X.Liu and J.K. Furdyna , Carrier - mediated antiferromagnetic interlayer exchange coupling in diluted magnetic semiconductor multilayers Ga1 - xMnxAs / GaAs : Be. Physical Review Letters , to be published .
Today ’s question :
At what point does a minister cross a line between merely sharing private views and involving a church in a political campaign , thereby inviting IRS scrutiny ?
Previously , Lynn and Stanley debated whether churches should receive tax exemptions at all and if federal tax law muzzles free speech from the pulpit .
Ministers are already free to speak for themselves
Point : Barry W. Lynn
There is no question , Erik , that when a person becomes a minister , rabbi , priest or other religious leader , he or she does not lose the capacity to participate in partisan political activities .
However , any activity in support of or in opposition to candidates for public office must be done in a manner that does n’t indicate or imply that the religious figure is bringing the weight of a religious institution behind him .
It also means that that church leader cannot utilize the resources of the church to promote his personal partisan views .
Over the years , Americans United for Separation of Church and State has reported to the Internal Revenue Service instances in which we felt that pastors had gone way over the line in using the “ assets ” of their tax - exempt organizations to promote specific candidates .
For example , we thought it was wrong when a Nevada pastor invited Democratic candidate Barack Obama to speak at a service days before the Nevada caucuses .
In introducing Obama , the pastor said he wished the caucuses were that very afternoon so he could vote for the senator .
We reported a Florida minister who posted a “ warning ” on his ministry website during the Republican primary saying that a vote for Mitt Romney was a “ vote for Satan ” -- this high - tech hate thereby funded by the pastor ’s tax - exempt ministry .
If the Nevada pastor had announced his support for Obama at a news conference at city hall and made it clear that he was speaking for himself , he would be within his rights .
If the Florida pastor had posted his anti-Mormon screed on his personal Facebook page , there would be no legal problem .
Clearly , though , when a minister uses the pulpit , a church newsletter or an editorial in an archdiocesan newspaper to make a promotional statement , the IRS can and should attribute that to his organization .
Similarly , if a pastor allows a favored candidate to distribute campaign material with the church bulletin or place pamphlets on car windshields in the church parking lot , he violates federal tax law .
Those few pastors who agree with your position , Erik , try all kinds of “ clever ” techniques to circumvent the law .
Recently , we reported a Tennessee pastor who had said during a Sunday sermon that he could not tell people who to vote for in the upcoming school board election .
Instead , he reported that when he appeared earlier in the week on a local radio show , he endorsed three candidates and then named them .
Brilliant !
Well , not really ; more like sleazy .
Curiously , all three of the minister ’s favored candidates lost the election .
Clergy can form political action committees .
There was one in Madison , Wis. , for many years .
They never met or held news conferences at any of their churches or synagogues ; they never suggested that they were speaking for persons other than themselves .
They spoke out just as other citizens can .
In short , Erik , there is so much legal political activity that pastors can engage in on their own time and with their own resources .
I do n’t know why you are working so hard to drag their churches into quicksand on Sunday morning .
The Rev. Barry W. Lynn is executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State .
He is an ordained minister in the United Church of Christ and a longtime civil liberties attorney .
Let pastors be pastors -- even on politics
Counterpoint : Erik Stanley
Barry , you ’re willing to let a pastor be a pastor anywhere and everywhere during election season -- except in his pulpit .
By your standard , a pastor clad in clerical garb could stand before the church and proclaim , “ I am speaking only for myself , and I oppose Sen. Joe Smith for president . ”
Yet the same pastor cannot walk into the pulpit , open the Bible , and preach a thorough , biblical sermon about how candidate Smith violated moral principles when he enacted legislation leading to a financial debacle on Wall Street .
Remarkable .
That is where your fundamental misunderstanding comes into play .
The Pulpit Initiative is designed to allow a pastor to be a pastor -- free of government censorship or control and free of fear that if he somehow says something wrong , he will be derided in the media by your organization and even face a visit by the IRS .
In 2004 , you called for the IRS to investigate a Catholic bishop who did n’t even mention a candidate by name , saying instead that the bishop ’s comments in a letter to church members were nonetheless “ code language ” for an endorsement .
Barry , neither government nor advocacy groups like yours should be the “ speech police ” to monitor and censor churches .
Bear in mind that the IRS is n’t concerned about “ political ” speech in the pulpit as such -- a pastor can talk all he wants about a sitting president .
But a minister is silenced when it comes to educating his congregation about the moral dimensions of a candidate ’s beliefs and actions .
In short , you would disable every religious community from considering the scriptural and doctrinal implications of a candidate while they still have time to do something about it .
That is one reason that a pastor ’s “ individual ” right to speak is not enough .
Christian pastors have long felt the obligation to inform their congregations on engaging the broader culture .
Pastors have praised and panned American military leaders , celebrities , business moguls and even sitting politicians , often to good effect .
But when it comes to the congregation ’s obligation to vote , vote wisely and vote morally , only one class of Americans gets a free pass from the pulpit ’s moral scrutiny : candidates .
You fret about the use of “ church assets , ” but the real weight of the church comes from 2,000 years of moral wisdom , not one Sunday ’s collection plate .
If there really were an issue about money , that ’s what campaign finance laws are for .
What you do n’t do is chill or kill free speech to fix another problem indirectly .
Most remarkably , you paint a future picture of churches gone politically wild .
History has a much different assessment .
From when the Constitution was ratified in 1788 until 1954 , no law stopped pastors from speaking freely about the moral qualifications of candidates for office .
For 166 years , churches kept on being churches ; pastors did not devolve into “ political bosses ” even when they often spoke forcefully about candidates ’ moral virtues and vices .
To be sure , the government often wrinkles its nose at free speech , but that ’s why we have a 1st Amendment .
That amendment stops the trampling of free speech .
Erik Stanley is senior legal counsel and head of the Pulpit Initiative for the Alliance Defense Fund , a legal alliance of Christian attorneys and like - minded organizations defending the right of people to freely live out their faith .
Drax Group , the owner of Britain 's most carbon - intensive power station , is turning green with a £ 2bn plan to build the country 's first large - scale biomass plants which burn plant - based materials .
The three facilities in Hull , Immingham and probably the North Yorkshire village of Drax itself , will have the capacity to produce 900 megawatts of electricity - enough to supply 3 % of the country 's total needs - but environmental groups warned that Drax must ensure the crop fuel is sustainable .
The company , which runs a massive coal - fired power station at Drax , has told shareholders that some of the cash it was going to pay back by way of dividends will now be switched into building biomass .
But it said this would reap long - term rewards .
" This is an exciting opportunity for Drax to develop its business and to deliver shareholder value by exploiting our core competencies , whilst achieving fuel diversification and carbon abatement , " said Dorothy Thompson , Drax 's chief executive .
" We are strongly of the view that investment in the generation sector will provide attractive returns .
We believe our venture into dedicated biomass - fired generation underpins our commitment to reducing the carbon footprint of electricity generation . "
Drax will build , own and operate the three plants in co-operation with Siemens of Germany through a 60 / 40 joint venture .
Drax will manage and operate the plants , which should be running by 2014 , while Siemens will provide the turbine technology .
The British power group has already secured rights to port sites at Immingham and Hull and is looking at the possibility of constructing a third facility near the coal - fired station which has itself been experimenting with burning plant - based materials such as old timber and straw alongside its base load of coal .
So far , the biomass sector is in its infancy , with only a very small number of larger plants planned and a handful of very small ones in operation .
The port sites suggest that the bulk of the wood and other materials that will be used in the biomass plants will be imported .
Drax declined to say how much of the fuel would be imported but admitted it would take time to build up local supplies .
Doug Parr , chief scientist at Greenpeace , said biomass plants could help in the fight against climate change , but only if they make the most of the waste heat they produce and use fuel from carefully chosen sources .
" Otherwise they 're cutting down trees , shipping them across the world and then throwing away the energy they get from them .
Drax already owns the single most polluting power station in Britain , and if they fail to get the technology right on these power plants they could be making their carbon footprint bigger . "
The company said its full - year earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortisation would be " modestly higher " than the current market consensus , and trading conditions in commodity markets in which it operates have improved .
Drax disappointed some in the City by saying it would distribute all excess cash through dividends until 2010 when it would switch to paying out half of all underlying earnings .
Drax said it had the support of its main shareholders for its moves to go green .
( CNN ) -- Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Sarah Palin spoke Tuesday to CNN's Drew Griffin .
It was her first interview with the network .
Here are excerpts :
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin speaks with CNN's Drew Griffin Tuesday .
CNN : You seemed to be very much on your game .
You get huge crowds .
Even bigger crowds than [ Republican presidential candidate Sen . ]
John McCain .
Why is that ?
Sarah Palin : I think it's what I 'm representing and what the message is and that is true reform of government that is so needed , and having a representative of someone who has a track record of showing that , yeah , you can , you can do this , you can reform , you can put government back on the side of the people , you can fight corruption .
You can actually take steps towards helping our nation become energy - independent and all those things that we 're talking about .
I think that more and more Americans are realizing that , well , good , we have a candidate who has actually done some of those things and it's not just , talkin ' the talk , she 's gonna tell us how she 's done this .
CNN : Let 's talk about some of that , because , I mean , two months ago , it was all about who you were , where you were from and Wasilla , Alaska .
I think , now it 's just the economy .
And you are the only person in this race with executive experience , who 's taken over governments as mayor and governor .
What will you do , day one , to tell the American people , things are changing for the better ?
Watch the entire interview »
Palin :
You know , that 's a good point about that experience and we do n't like to toot our own horn so we do n't , I do n't talk about my experience that much in terms of years in office or in positions that have been executive experience but , I have , I do have more experience than [ Democratic presidential candidate Sen . ]
Barack Obama does .
You know , he had served for his 300 days before he became a presidential candidate and that was n't in executive office , of course , but , as an executive , working with John McCain , we will take on the special interests and we will clean up Wall Street and some of the abuse of the power in Washington , D.C. , also to first and foremost get government back on the side of the people , and , we do this economically speaking here , by cutting taxes , not increasing them , allowing our small businesses and our families to keep more of what they earn , and produce so that they can reinvest according to their priorities .
Not politicians ' priorities and special interests ' priorities .
Our small businesses , keeping more of what they earn , that allows them to create more jobs , they 're gonna be hiring more people , that gets our economy going .
That 's what has happened in the opportunities that I 've had in executive positions as mayor , manager , and as governor .
It works .
Reining in government growth , recognizing government certainly plays appropriate roles in building infrastructure , providing tools for our families , for our businesses , but then government kinda getting outta the way as you have great oversight making sure that there is n't the corruption and the abuse , but government , I think get outta the way and let the private sector do what it does best .
CNN : Yeah , but , I mean we 're in a crisis right now .
Palin :
We are .
CNN : And the plans that you mention take time , you have to go through Congress .
If you guys win , you 'll both most likely be working with a Democratic Congress .
It 's gonna be a slow process .
What I 'm trying to find out from you -- from John McCain as well , day one , people want a difference , to make a difference in the economy , as we 're seeing daily , swings in the stock market , houses going foreclosed on --
Palin : Mm-hmm .
Well , day one , you bring in everyone around that table , too , you bring in the congressional leadership , and , assuming that there will be , certainly , Democrats , at that table , that 's good , too , these are gonna be bipartisan approaches that must be taken , I have that executive experience also having formed a cabinet up there in Alaska that , you know , we 've got independents and Democrats and Republicans whom I have appointed to our administrative positions to that , we have the best of ideas coming together in order to best serve the people .
John McCain , too , he 's been known as the maverick to take on his own party when need be , to reach over the aisle and work with the other party also .
Now , Barack Obama has not been able to do that , he 's gone with , what is it , 96 percent of the time with Democrat leadership .
Not having that , I think , ability or willingness to work with the other side .
So as an executive , we need to create that team that is full of good ideas and not let obsessive partisanship get in the way , as we start taking the measures to shore up our economy , which already Congress is working on with the rescue package , with some of the bailout packages , the provisions in there that can work , too , but it 's gonna take everybody working together .
CNN : Will you and John McCain appoint Democrats to cabinet positions ?
Palin : I do n't know why you would n't , if they , if these Democrats are best suited to serve , and if they will not let obsessive partisanship get in the way of just doing what 's right with a team effort , and support of the president to get this economy moving , and to win these wars , to meet these great challenges , I would n't have as my litmus test a party affiliation .
CNN : Yeah .
Uh , Joe the plumber ?
Palin : Yeah .
CNN : Socialism , it 's come up on the campaign trail now .
Palin : Sure .
CNN : Governor , is Barack Obama a socialist ?
Palin : I 'm not gonna call him a socialist , but , as Joe the plumber had suggested , in fact he came right out and said it sounds like socialism to him and he speaks for so many Americans who are quite concerned now , after hearing finally what Barack Obama 's true intentions are with his tax and economic plan , and that is , to take more from small businesses , more from our families , and then redistribute that according to his priorities .
That is , that is not good for the entrepreneurial spirit that has built this great country .
That is not good for our economy , certainly it 's not good for the opportunities that our small businesses should have , to keep more of what they produce , in order to hire more people , create more jobs .
That 's what gets the economy going .
So , finally Joe the plumber and as we talked about today in the speech , too , he 's representing , you know , Jane the engineer and Molly the dental hygienist and Chuck the teacher and , and all these good , hard - working Americans who are , finally , were able to hear in very plain talk the other night , what Barack Obama 's intentions were to redistribute wealth .
CNN : Do you think his intention though , if not a socialist , is to move away from capitalism , true capitalism ?
Palin :
Well , anyone who would want to increase taxes at a time like this , especially with economic woes that are adversely affecting all of us , anybody who would want to do that to take more from businesses and our families , and then dole those dollars out according to their priorities , that , that is not a principal of capitalism .
CNN : Some are saying we 're already moving towards socialism with the bailout , the banking industry investment that this government has made , that John McCain and Barack Obama have signed on for .
What is your views on that and yet another possible supplement to the income of Americans .
Palin :
We cannot start moving closer and closer to socialism .
That will destroy the entrepreneurial spirit in America .
That will punish hard work and productivity , and that work ethic that we try to instill in our children so that they will know that they can be rewarded for their productivity , for their hard work .
We cannot move in that direction , that it should be so concerning for any American voter to consider that perhaps there are some who would like us to go there .
Now , as for the economic bailout provisions and the measures that have already been taken , it is a time of crisis and government did have to step in playing an appropriate role to shore up the housing market to make sure that we 're thawing out some of the potentially frozen credit lines and credit markets , government did have to step in there .
But now that we 're hearing that the Democrats want an additional stimulus package or bailout package for what , hundreds of billions of dollars more , this is not a time to use the economic crisis as an excuse for reckless spending and for greater , bigger government and to move the private sector to the back burner and let government be assumed to be the be-all , end - all solution to the economic challenges that we have .
That 's what 's scaring me now about hearing that the Democrats have an even greater economic bailout package , but we do n't know all the details of it yet and we 'll certainly pay close attention to it .
CNN : On its face are you against that ?
Palin :
On its face , I want to make sure that this is not being used by the Democrats as a time for bigger government , more dollars being taken from taxpayers to bail out anybody , any entity that 's been engaged in corruption , in self - dealing , in greed , there on Wall Street or in D.C. that has adversely affected Main Street , so , on its face , I , what we 're gonna need to know more about what the Democrats have in mind for this additional bailout .
CNN : You know , as , you 're a fiscal conservative .
Palin : Yes .
CNN : As a fiscal conservative , I 'm looking at the McCain proposals .
And all of them seem to involve heavy amounts of government money , or government involvement , whether it be home mortgages or propping up the banking industry .
I mean , are you square with that ?
Palin : I beg to differ with that , because what McCain has talked about with shoring up the home mortgage market also to make sure that we , we 're gonna have a level playing field here .
He 's not asking for an additional hundreds of billions of dollars , he 's saying , OK , with the $ 700 billion that his colleagues and he there in Congress have already approved , let 's make sure that the priority is , we 're gonna help the homeowners who had been kinda sucked into the wrong mortgage , and that was via predatory lenders taking advantage unfortunately and exploiting too many Americans .
He 's saying let 's take the dollars that are already there and let 's best use them .
Let 's , he 's not saying , more , more , more government intervention and more dollars .
He 's saying , let 's best use the dollars that have already been approved .
CNN : What is your role going to be as vice president ?
Palin :
Well , we 've talked a lot about that , John McCain and I have , about the missions that I 'll get to embark on if we are so blessed to be hired by the American people to work for them .
It 's gonna be government reform , because that is what I 've been able to do as a mayor and as a governor .
You take on the special interests and the self - dealings .
Yep , you ruffle feathers and you have the scars to prove it afterwards , but you have to take that on to give the American people that faith back in their own government .
This is their government and we gotta put it back on their side .
So , government reform and energy independence , can't wait to work on that .
That 's been my forte as the governor of an energy - producing state and as a former chair of the energy regulator entity up there in Alaska .
So , look forward to that and that 's a matter of national security and our economic prosperity opportunities .
That though , too , the other mission that John and I are anxious for me to lead on is helping our families who have children with special needs , ushering in that spirit to Washington , D.C. , where we saw , we 're gonna give every child a chance and a good educational opportunity will be provided .
That 's gonna be a matter , too , of prioritizing the federal dollars that are already there and making sure that every child is given opportunity .
CNN : Governor , our time is very short and I must ask you just two questions , one is on [ Palin 's former brother - in - law , Alaska State Trooper Mike ]
Wooten , if there 's one thing that 's followed you negatively --
Palin : Tasergate , right , right ,
CNN : You call it Tasergate ,
Palin :
We sure do .
CNN : Troopergate , whatever .
The Branchflower Report said you were perfectly in your right , to fire [ Alaska Public Safety Commissioner Walt ] Monegan .
Palin : Right .
CNN : But also found out that you violated the ethics .
Was it a mistake to allow your husband to use your office to try to pressure the troopers to fire Mr. Wooten .
Palin :
Not at all because A , that , the trooper who had tasered his kid and had , you know , made death threats against my family and said he was gonna bring the governor down and all that .
My husband did exactly , I think , what any sensible , reasonable father , husband would do who was concerned about their family 's safety .
CNN : But was it a mistake to allow him to use the governor 's office to that extent ?
Palin :
Not when you look at other governors ' track records when they had their spouse as for instance [ former Alaska Gov. Frank Murkowski ] had his spouse as his top adviser , and she was in meetings , she was in the office so , you know , kinda , of a double standard here .
But what Todd was what any reasonable husband and father would do .
He followed the instruction of the Department of Public Safety 's own personal security detail that is our personal protection .
They asked Todd , you have a problem with this state trooper , he is a threat , you need to take that to the commissioner of the Department of Public Safety .
Todd did exactly that and then of course , he got clobbered for it , now in the media because there 's a misunderstanding of what he 's done .
Our Department of Law in Alaska has right there on its Web site -- it said , if you have a problem with an Alaska state trooper , the paragraph says , you go to the Commissioner of Department of Public Safety and you share that concern with him .
That 's what Todd did .
So no , I do n't think that it was an abuse of power of my office at all .
And I was very thankful that that report cleared me of any illegal dealings or anything else .
I replaced the commissioner because he was not doing the job that I expect of my cabinet members .
That is , you serve the Alaskan population up there .
Of course he 's a cabinet member who was assigned to do that , to the best of our team 's ability and you have a lotta energy , you fulfill the vision that we have laid out for you , and he was n't doing that and that 's why he was replaced .
CNN : Governor , if in two weeks you 're not elected , do you come back at the top of the ticket in 2012 ?
Palin : I 'm concerned about and focused on just the next two weeks , Drew , and again getting that message out there to the American public .
Thankfully , too , the American public is seeing clearer and clearer what the choices are in these tickets .
I think , some revelation just occurred , not just with Joe the plumber but revelation occurred with [ Democratic vice presidential candidate ]
Joe Biden 's comment the other night that , he telling his Democratic financial donors saying that , he said mark my word , there 's gonna be economic , and , or international crisis he said , if Barack Obama is elected , because he will be tested and he said there are four or five scenarios that will result in an international crisis with an untested presidential candidate in Barack Obama and -- first I think we need to thank Joe for the warning there .
But , Joe 's words there I think , can shed some light , too , in terms of the contrast you have in the tickets .
John McCain is a tested leader .
He has gone through great adversity .
He has the scars to prove it .
He has shown his true leadership .
It has n't just been all talk , and Joe Biden 's comments there about an untested , as he had said in the primary , unprepared candidate to be president , I think was very telling .
CNN : Have you guys been briefed on any scenario like this ?
Palin :
On the four or five scenarios , that , well , who knows what Joe Biden was talking about , you know ?
It , all you have to do , though , is look back at Obama 's foreign policy agenda and you can assume what some of those scenarios may be .
As he considers sitting down and talking to [ Iranian President Mahmoud ] Ahmadinejad or [ former Cuban President ] Fidel Castro or [ North Korean President ] Kim Jong
Il , some of these dictators , without preconditions being met , essentially validating some of what those dictators have been engaged in , that could be one of the scenarios that Joe Biden is talking about is , as a result of that , that proclamation that he would meet without preconditions being met first .
That could be a scenario that results in a testing of our country , and , the four or five other scenarios that he 's talking about , I do n't know , I hope that Joe Biden will explain it .
CNN : I guess we have to wrap it up .
Palin : Yes .
CNN : I mean I could go on with you forever .
Palin :
So could I , on that one especially .
CNN : [ LAUGHS ]
I mean , did Joe Biden get a pass ?
Palin : Drew , you need to ask your colleagues and I guess your bosses or whoever is in charge of all this , why does Joe Biden get a pass on such a thing ?
Can you imagine if I would 've said such a thing ?
No , I think that , you know , we would be hounded and held accountable for , what in the world did you mean by that , VP presidential candidate ?
Why would you say that , mark my words , this nation will undergo international crisis if you elect Barack Obama ?
If I would 've said that you guys 'd clobbered me .
CNN : You 're right .
[ LAUGHTER ]
You 're right .
Can I ask one more question ?
Palin : Sure , good .
CNN : You 've talked about America .
And certain parts of America , that are maybe more American than other parts of American , Are there ?
Palin : Ehhh , I do n't want that misunderstood .
No , I do not want that misunderstood .
You know , when I go to these rallies and we see the patriotism just shining through these people 's faces and the Vietnam veterans wearing their hats so proudly and they have tears in their eyes as we sing our national anthem and it is so inspiring and I say that this is true America , you get it , you understand how important it is that in the next four years we have a leader who will fight for you .
I certainly do n't want that interpreted as one area being more patriotic or more American than another .
If that 's the way it 's come across , I apologize .
All About Sarah Palin • John McCain • U.S. Presidential Election
By scent of health on Sep 5 , 2008 in featured , healthy living , science
Would we live longer if you give up fast food or meat ?
Nowadays we can learn the answer to this question with the help of genetic analysis .
1953 the scientists discovered DNA and 50 years later they can already decode it .
This is why everyone can order a genetic analysis and to get an information about his / her personal heath situation .
According to the scientists everything comes to the genes we have and our interaction with the environment .
Faith or Genes .
The genes make us different to each other .
On them depends not only the hair color but , also the processes that take place in our body and its ability to get rid of the toxins .
As a result , for two persons who have the same conditions of life and the same age the results of a event / reaction might be completely different .
Today the slogan ” Drink tomato juice – it is healthy ” comes with a small correction – for most people it is healthy , but if you want to know if you are one of them get your genes tested .
For the same reason , a vegetarian who is your age might look 10 years younger than you , but it does not mean that you will necessarily look the same way if you follow his / her eating habits .
Because the genetic analysis might show that you need more vitamin B for example and you need to put emphasis on different food .
The scientists have calculated that an individual food program can make your life 14 years longer .
The conclusion is that , if we want to feel good and be healthier we need to learn more about our genes and if we can not change our genes , we need to change the environment
photo : flickr
Obama jokes about his identity Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Presidential candidate Barack Obama has joked about his identity at a white - tie charity dinner .
Both Obama and John McCain swapped their usual campaign jibes for self - deprecating jokes and tongue - in - cheek banter at the fundraising event in New York .
SEE ALSO McCain's ' underdog ' joke ( 00.52 ) MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Gifu police have searched the waste facility and recovered 683 Y10,000 bills , each one of which is worth £ 67 and appear to have been deliberately torn in half .
The other bank notes were in Y5,000 and Y1,000 denominations .
As the Daylight Savings Time change looms , a research paper first reported in the Journal earlier this year , is making the rounds again .
The National Bureau of Economic Research presents the paper written by Matthew Kotchen and Laura Grant of the University of California , Santa Barbara .
Frankin was n’t saving any candlewax by waking up an [ … ]
A modest STL tutorial
I am using a software tool called hyperlatex to create this document .
The tutorial is also available in gzip - compressed postscript form or zip - compressed postscript form .
For those wanting to install a copy of these pages on their system , they may be freely copied providing they are not modified in any significant way ( other than , say , locale changes ) .
The file tut . tar . Z contains a tarred distribution of the pages .
Please note that I will be making modifications to this document in the coming months , so you may want to occasionally check for changes .
I will start putting in version numbers , and if I can manage to , changebars .
I started looking at STL in 1995 ; for a long time I could compile only minimal subsets of the HP version of the library .
More recently , the compilers used by the students I teach have been able to support more of STL , and I have been adding it to the introductory and advanced courses I teach .
Now , at the beginning of 1998 , I use STL in the labs for all of the courses I teach .
I have been using C++ since 1988 , and teaching C++ and object - oriented design courses in industry since 1990 .
I really like the design philosophies in STL ; I think that you can learn a great deal about how generalization can simplify programming by understanding why STL is constructed the way it is .
Mark Nelson 's book on STL is very good if you want to understand the internal details , but is probably overkill for many people .
Musser and Saini have a good book on STL , but it is a bit out - of - date .
I have n't seen very much online documentation on STL , apart from the good but rather dense paper by Stepanov and Lee , I thought I would try to write something to give people a taste of what a good library will be do for them .
Another reason for getting people to start trying out STL soon is to put pressure on the compiler - writers to get their compilers patched up enough to take the strain it puts on them ...
I would greatly appreciate comments or suggestions from anyone .
STL contains five kinds of components : containers , iterators , algorithms , function objects and allocators .
In the section Example I present a simple example , introducing each of the five categories of STL components one at a time .
In the section Philosophy I explain the rationale behind the organization of STL , and give some hints on the best ways to use it .
( Not yet written )
The Components section goes into each category of component in more detail .
The section Extending STL shows how to define your own types to satisfy the STL requirements .
( Not yet written )
Most of you probably use some kind of auto - allocating array - like type .
STL has one called vector .
To illustrate how vector works , we will start with a simple C++ program that reads integers , sorts them , and prints them out .
We will gradually replace bits of this program with STL calls .
#include < stdlib.h > # include < iostream.h > // a and b point to integers .
cmp returns - 1 if a is less than b , // 0 if they are equal , and 1 if a is greater than b. inline int cmp ( const void * a , const void * b ) { int aa = *( int *) a ; int bb = *( int *) b ; return ( aa < bb ) ?
- 1 : ( aa > bb ) ?
1 : 0 ; } // Read a list of integers from stdin // Sort ( c library qsort ) //
Print the list main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { const int size = 1000 ; // array of 1000 integers int array [ size ] ; int n = 0 ; // read an integer into the n+1 th element of array while ( cin >> array [ n++ ] ) ; n--; // it got incremented once too many times qsort ( array , n , sizeof ( int ) , cmp ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < n ; i++) cout << array [ i ] << "
" ; }
STL provides a number of container types , representing objects that contain other objects .
One of these containers is a class called vector that behaves like an array , but can grow itself as necessary .
One of the operations on vector is push_back , which pushes an element onto the end of the vector ( growing it by one ) .
A vector contains a block of contiguous initialized elements -- if element index k has been initialized , then so have all the ones with indices less than k .
A vector can be presized , supplying the size at construction , and you can ask a vector how many elements it has with size .
This is the logical number of elements -- the number of elements up to the highest - indexed one you have used .
There is a also a notion of capacity -- the number of elements the vector can hold before reallocating .
Let 's read the elements and push them onto the end of a vector .
This removes the arbitrary limit on the number of elements that can be read .
Also , instead of using qsort , we will use the STL sort routine , one of the many algorithms provided by STL .
The sort routine is generic , in that it will work on many different types of containers .
The way this is done is by having algorithms deal not with containers directly , but with iterators .
Iterators provide a way of specifying a position in a container .
An iterator can be incremented or dereferenced , and two iterators can be compared .
There is a special iterator value called " past - the - end " .
You can ask a vector for an iterator that points to the first element with the message begin .
You can get a past - the - end iterator with the message end .
The code
vector < int > v ; // add some integers to v vector : : iterator i1 = v.begin( ) ; vector : : iterator i2 = v.end ( ) ;
Operations like sort take two iterators to specify the source range .
To get the source elements , they increment and dereference the first iterator until it is equal to the second iterator .
Note that this is a semi-open range : it includes the start but not the end .
Two vector iterators compare equal if they refer to the same element of the same vector .
Putting this together , here is the new program :
#include < string.h > # include < algo.h > # include < vector.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < iostream .h> main ( ) { vector < int > v ; // create an empty vector of integers int input ; while ( cin >> input ) // while not end of file v.push_back ( input ) ; // append to vector // sort takes two random iterators , and sorts the elements between // them .
As is always the case in STL , this includes the value // referred to by first but not the one referred to by last ; indeed , // this is often the past - the - end value , and is therefore not // dereferenceable . sort ( v.begin( ) , v.end ( ) ) ; int n = v.size ( ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < n ; i++) cout << v[ i ] << "
" ; }
In addition to iterating through containers , iterators can iterate over streams , either to read elements or to write them .
An input stream like cin has the right functionality for an input iterator : it provides access to a sequence of elements .
The trouble is , it has the wrong interface for an iterator : operations that use iterators expect to be able to increment them and dereference them .
STL provides adaptors , types that transform the interface of other types .
This is very much how electrical adaptors work .
One very useful adaptor is istream_iterator .
This is a template type ( of course ! ) ; you parameterize it by the type of object you want to read from the stream .
In this case we want integers , so we would use an istream_iterator < int > .
Istream iterators are initialized by giving them a stream , and thereafter , dereferencing the iterator reads an element from the stream , and incrementing the iterator has no effect .
An istream iterator that is created with the default constructor has the past - the - end value , as does an iterator whose stream has reached the end of file .
In order to read the elements into the vector from standard input , we will use the STL copy algorithm ; this takes three iterators .
The first two specify the source range , and the third specifies the destination .
The names can get pretty messy , so make good use of typedefs .
Iterators are actually parameterized on two types ; the second is a distance type , which I believe is really of use only on operating systems with multiple memory models .
Here is a typedef for an iterator that will read from a stream of integers :
typedef istream_iterator < int , ptrdiff_t > istream_iterator_int ;
istream_iterators
typedef istream_iterator < int > istream_iterator_int ;
copy ( istream_iterator_int ( cin ) , istream_iterator_int ( ) , v.begin ( ) ) ;
There is a bit of a problem with the third iterator , though : if v does not have enough space to hold all the elements , the iterator will run off the end , and we will dereference a past - the - end iterator ( which will cause a segfault ) .
What we really want is an iterator that will do insertion rather than overwriting .
There is an adaptor to do this , called back_insert_iterator .
This type is parameterized by the container type you want to insert into .
So input is done like this :
typedef istream_iterator < int , ptrdiff_t > istream_iterator_int ; vector <int > v ; istream_iterator_int start ( cin ) ; istream_iterator_int end ; back_insert_iterator < vector < int > > dest ( v ) ; copy ( start , end , dest ) ;
copy ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , ostream_iterator < int > ( cout , "
" ) ) ;
ostream_iterator
ostream_iterator
Putting this all together ,
#include < string.h > # include < algo.h > # include < vector.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < iostream .h> main ( ) { vector < int > v ; istream_iterator < int , ptrdiff_t > start ( cin ) ; istream_iterator < int , ptrdiff_t > end ; back_insert_iterator < vector < int > > dest ( v ) ; copy ( start , end , dest ) ; sort ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) ) ; copy ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , ostream_iterator < int >( cout , "
" ) ) ; }
I find the final version of the program the cleanest , because it reflects the way I think of the computation happening : the vector is copied into memory , sorted , and copied out again .
In general , in STL , operations are done on containers as a whole , rather than iterating through the elements of the container explicitly in a loop .
One obvious advantage of this is that it lends itself easily to parallelization or hairy optimizations ( e.g. , one could be clever about the order the elements were accessed in to help avoid thrashing ) .
Most of the STL algorithms apply to ranges of elements in a container , rather than to the container as a whole .
While this is obviously more general than having operations always apply to the entire container , it makes for slightly clumsy syntax .
Some implementations of STL ( e.g. , ObjectSpace ) , provide supplementary versions of the algorithms for common cases .
For example , STL has an algorithm count that counts the number of times a particular element appears in a container :
template < class InputIterator , class T , class Size > void count ( InputIterator start , InputIterator end , const T& value , Size& n ) ;
v
int n = 0 ; count ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , 42 , n ) ;
os_count
int n = os_count ( v , 42 ) ;
The Standard Template Library is designed for use with a style of programming called generic programming .
The essential idea behind generic programming is to create components that can be composed easily without losing any performance .
In some sense , it moves the effort that is done at run-time in object - oriented programming ( dynamic binding ) to compile - time , using templates .
Containers are objects that conceptually contain other objects .
They use certain basic properties of the objects ( ability to copy , etc. ) but otherwise do not depend on the type of object they contain .
STL containers may contain pointers to objects , though in this case you will need to do a little extra work .
vectors , lists , deques , sets , multisets , maps , multimaps , queues , stacks , and priority queues , did I miss any ?
are all provided .
Perhaps more importantly , built - in containers ( C arrays ) and user - defined containers can also be used as STL containers ; this is generally useful when applying operations to the containers , e.g. , sorting a container .
Using user - defined types as STL containers can be accomplished by satisfying the requirements listed in the STL container requirements definition .
If this is not feasible , you can define an adaptor class that changes the interface to satisfy the requirements .
All the types are " templated " , of course , so you can have a vector of ints or Windows or a vector of vector of sets of multimaps of strings to Students .
Sweat , compiler - writers , sweat !
To give you a brief idea of the containers that are available , here is the hierarchy :
Contiguous blocks of objects ; you can insert elements at any point in the sequence , but the performance will depend on the type of sequence and where you are inserting .
Provide restricted versions of these types , in which some operations are not allowed .
Associative containers are a generalization of sequences .
Sequences are indexed by integers ; associative containers can be indexed by any type .
The most common type to use as a key is a string ; you can have a set of strings , or a map from strings to employees , and so forth .
It is often useful to have other types as keys ; for example , if I want to keep track of the names of all the Widgets in an application , I could use a map from Widgets to Strings .
Sets allow you to add and delete elements , query for membership , and iterate through the set .
Multisets are just like sets , except that you can have several copies of the same element ( these are often called bags ) .
Multimaps are just like maps except that a key can be associated with several values .
Should add other containers : priority queue , bit vector , queue .
Here is a program that generates a random permutation of the first n integers , where n is specified on the command line .
#include < iostream.h> # include < vector.h > # include < algo.h > # include < iterator.h > main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { int n = atoi ( argv [ 1 ] ) ; // argument checking removed for clarity vector < int > v ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < n ; i++ ) // append integers 0 to n - 1 to v v.push_back ( i ) ; random_shuffle ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) ) ; // shuffle copy ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , ostream_iterator < int > ( cout , "
" ) ) ; // print }
n
It is quite common to want a sequence of elements with arithmetically increasing values ; common enough that there is an algorithm that does something like this for us .
It is called iota :
template < class ForwardIterator , class T > void iota ( ForwardIterator first , ForwardIterator last , T value ) ;
vector < int > a( 100 ) ; // initial size 100 iota ( a.begin ( ) , a.end ( ) , 0 ) ;
a
Unfortunately , this is not quite what we wanted -- this overwrites an existing vector , whereas in our case , we had an empty vector , and we wanted the elements appended to it .
There are two problems here .
The first is that the termination condition for the iota function is specified by an iterator ; the loop terminates when the moving iterator becomes equal to the terminal iterator .
Many algorithms in STL come in several flavors , corresponding to different terminating conditions .
For example , generate uses two iterators to specify a range ; generate_n uses one iterator and an integer to specify the range .
The iota function , unfortunately , does not have an iota_n counterpart , but it is very easy to write :
template < class ForwardIterator , class T > void iota_n ( ForwardIterator first , int n , T value ) { for ( int i = 0 ; i < n ; i++) * first ++ = value ++ ; }
back_inserter
#include < iostream.h> # include < vector.h > # include < algo.h > # include < iterator.h > main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { int n = atoi ( argv [ 1 ] ) ; // argument checking removed for clarity vector < int > v ; iota_n ( v.begin ( ) , 100 , back_inserter ( v ) ) ; random_shuffle ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) ) ; // shuffle copy ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , ostream_iterator < int > ( cout , "
" ) ) ; // print }
back_inserter
Iterators are like location specifiers for containers or streams of data , in the same way that an int* can be used as a location specifier for an array of integers , or an ifstream can be used as a location specifier for a file .
STL provides a variety of iterators for its different collection types and for streams .
Input iterators provide access to data sources .
The source may be an STL container , another type of container , a stream , a virtual source ( such as a set of permutations ) , etc .
Output iterators provide access to data sinks : locations to store the results of a computation .
The sink may be an STL container , a user - defined container , a stream , etc .
Just input and output iterators are enough to do quite a lot , since many operations boil down to copying objects around .
For example , this function copies all the elements of a container v to standard output .
ostream_iterator is an adaptor ; it is an output iterator type .
The iterator operations are defined so that in the case below , assigning through the iterator prints to standard output , with each print followed by a newline .
copy ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , ostream_iterator < int > ( cout , " \
" ) ) ;
The third argument is an adaptor that turns an ostream like cout into an output iterator ; do n't worry about the details for now .
A similar operation reads data into a vector ( for now , we will assume the vector has enough space allocated already ) :
copy ( istream_iterator < int > ( cin ) , istream_iterator < int > ( ) , v.begin ( ) ) ;
A forward iterator allows traversal of the sequence , reading and / or writing each element , but no backing up .
Many algorithms request a forward iterator , for example
long *p = new int [ 1000 ] ; fill ( p , p+100 , 0 ) ; fill ( p+101 , p+1000 , 0xDeadBeef ) ;
Bidirectional iterators can be moved forward or backward , and can be used to read or write the elements of the sequence .
Moving an iterator from one part of the sequence to another takes time proportional to the number of elements between the two .
All the STL containers provide at least bidirectional iterators : lists , sets , maps , and so on can be traversed forward or backward .
Some containers provide even more flexible indexing :
Random access iterators can jump from any place to any other place in constant time I am not sure that this is required , and it is certainly allowed to be amortized constant time .
Every C pointer type is an STL random iterator for a C array container .
If you have a random - access container , you can perform all sorts of nifty operations on it , such as mapping over a vector , with or without accumulation , finding and replacing elements satisfying predicates , partitions , shuffling , and many more .
The extent of this library never ceases to amaze me given that the source code is really quite small .
I think that is a testimony to this kind of generic programming .
The STL algorithms are template C++ functions to perform operations on containers .
In order to be able to work with many different types of containers , the algorithms do not take containers as arguments .
Instead , they take iterators that specify part or all of a container .
In this way the algorithms can be used to work on entities that are not containers ; for example , the function copy can be used to copy data from standard input into a vector .
Some algorithms require only the capabilities of input iterators , while others require random access ( e.g. , to sort ) .
The algorithms include sorting operations ( sort , merge , min , max ... ) , searching operations ( find , count , equal ... ) , mutating operations ( transform , replace , fill , rotate , shuffle ... ) , and generalized numeric operations ( accumulate , adjacent difference ... ) .
Function objects are STL's way of representing " executable data " .
For example , one of the STL algorithms is for_each .
This applies a function to each object in a container .
You need to be able to specify what to do to each object in the container .
Function objects are objects on which at least one parenthesis operation (. . . ) is defined .
They are used for three main purposes : generating data , testing data ( predicates ) , and applying operations .
Algorithms like generate walk through a range , calling a function object at each step , and assigning the result of the function to the current element .
[ picture ]
For example , here is a function that always returns 0 :
int zero ( ) { return 0 ; }
generate
vector < int > v ( 100 ) ; generate ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , zero ) ;
[ In an aside ]
There are several problems with using static variables in a function to store state .
There can only be one position remembered in the sequence -- copies of the function object will all always be positioned at the same point in the sequence .
[ Other problems ? ]
Here is a class Iota .
It provides an arithmetic sequence , starting with some initial value , and repeatedly adding an increment to it .
The function call operator returns the current value and moves on to the next element of the sequence .
The template is defined with two types S and T .
Usually these will be the same , but they might be different , e.g. , Date and int .
It is usually a good idea to ask yourself if there is some straightforward generalization of what you are about to do -- if it does n't make things much more complicated , it is probably worth it .
template < class S , class T > class Iota { S cur ; T inc ; public : Iota ( const S& initial , const T& increment ) : cur ( initial ) , inc ( increment ) { } S operator ( ) ( ) { S tmp ( cur ) ; cur += inc ; return tmp ; } } ;
S a ( b ) a += b
S
T
S
T
int
vector < int > v ( 365 ) ; generate ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , Iota < int , int > ( 0 , 1 ) ) ; cout << v << endl ;
template < class S , class T> Iota < S , T > makeIota ( const S& s , const T& t ) { return Iota < S , T > ( s , t ) ; }
vector < int > v ( 365 ) ; generate ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , makeIota ( 0 , 1 ) ) ; cout << v << endl ;
The second type of function object is used to test things ; the parenthesis operator will be defined to return something that can be tested for truth .
find_if uses a function object to test each element of a range , returning an iterator pointing to the first element that satisfies the test .
In this case , the function object takes an argument , the element of the range , and returns a boolean :
bool greaterThanZero ( int i ) return i > 0 ;
This could be used to move to the first strictly positive element of a range :
typedef vector < int >:: iterator iterator ; typedef vector < int > vector ; typedef ostream_iterator < int > output ; vector v ; iterator iter = find_if ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , greaterThanZero ) ; if ( iter == v.end ( ) ) cout << " no elements greater than zero " << endl ; else { cout << " elements starting from first greater than zero : " ; copy ( iter , v.end ( ) , output ( cout , " " ) ) ; }
class InRange { const
T& low ; const
T& high ; public : InRange ( const T& l , const T& h ) : low ( l ) , high ( h ) { } bool operator ( ) ( const T& t ) { return !
( t < l ) && t < h ; } } ;
typedef vector < int >:: iterator iterator ; typedef vector < int > vector ; typedef ostream_iterator < int > output ; vector v ( 100 ) ; generate ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , rand ) ; iterator iter ( v ) ; while ( iter != v.end ( ) ) { iter = find ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , InRange ( 0 , 10000 ) ) ; cout << * iter << endl ; }
There are many pre-defined ( templated , of course ) function objects that can be used -- many algorithms expect a function as an argument .
example
Sometimes you have a class that does the right thing , but has the wrong interface for your purposes .
Adaptors are classes that sit between you and another class , and translate the messages you want to send into the messages the other class wants to receive .
For example , the copy function expects an input iterator to get its data from .
The istream class has the right functionality : it acts as a source of data , but it has the wrong interface : it uses << etc .
There is an adaptor called istream_iterator that provides the interface that copy expects , translating requests into istream operations .
Other adaptors provide backward - moving iterators from forward - moving iterators , and queues from lists , for example .
Adaptors are very useful , but you do n't have to understand them to use STL ; treat them as black magic for now .
I confess I do n't really understand STL 's allocation model properly yet , so I wo n't say anything about this for now .
You do n't need to know anything about them for now either .
The STL iterator model is somewhat different from most iterators I have seen .
Most importantly , it is very flexible in regards to the type of thing iterators are ranging over .
Containers are conceptually grouped by the type of access iterators can provide to them , and iterations on any random access container ( for example ) is done the same way -- the object doing the iteration does not know what kind of container it is .
The other important difference is that whereas many iterator mechanisms are mainly intended for iteration over the entire collection , STL always deals in terms of ranges , though of course the entire collection is just a particular range .
Be careful not to confuse the past - the - end iterator value with the " null " value that other iterator types often provide to indicate the end of the container .
In particular , do n't use the past - the - end iterator to indicate an error ; if you want to indicate errors , you should provide singular iterator values ; I will describe these in the section on iterators .
There is just a sketch of the problem and solution here .
Students are associated with a list of courses , and courses with a list of timeslots .
We want to know which students have different courses with same timeslot .
Uses :
algorithms : copy , find
iterators : istream_iterator , ostream_iterator
adaptors : istream_iterator , ostream_iterator
containers : multiset , set
name [ course ... ] ...
course [ timeslot ... ] ...
Jak_Kirman
The program must print out the names of students who have collisions in their course schedules , along with the courses causing the collisions .
Repetitions in the lists of courses or lists of timeslots should be ignored .
a b +
( a+b )
As an added bonus , the types we define will allow us to combine arbitrary streams of input with arbitrary operations .
algorithms : copy , find
iterators : input_iterator , istream_iterator , ostream_iterator
functions : binary_function , unary_function
adaptors : istream_iterator , ostream_iterator
containers : stack , vector
2 cost1 * 3 cost2 * + 5 /
( ( 2 * cost1 ) + ( 3 * cost2 ) ) /
5
I will have a stack of input_iterators :
template < class T> typedef input_iterator < T> * input_iterator_p ; template < class T> typedef stack < vector < input_iterator_p < T> > > input_stack ;
I will have a kind of input_iterator called constant_source , for which
increment does nothing
dereference returns the constant
template < class T , class Distance > // default Distance = ptrdiff_t class constant_source : public input_iterator < T , Distance > { private : const
T& value ; bool bad ; public : friend bool operator== ( const number_source <T , Distance > & x , const number_source <T , Distance >& y ) { return x.bad == y.bad ; } number_source ( ) : bad ( true ) {} number_source ( const T& t ) : value ( t ) , bad ( false ) {} number_source < T , Distance >& operator ++( int = 0 ) { return * this ; } const T& operator * ( ) const { return value ; } } ;
s1
s2
func
binary_function <T, T , T>
increment increments s1 and s2 dereference dereferences s1 and s2 , applies func and returns the result
template < class T , class Distance > // default Distance = ptrdiff_t class combiner : public input_iterator < T , Distance > { protected : void read ( ) { ++ source1 ; ++source2 ; value = func ( * source1 , * source2 ) ; } friend bool operator== ( const combiner < T , Distance > & x , const combiner < T , Distance > & y ) { return ( x.source1 == source1 ) && ( y.source1 == source2 ) ; } combiner ( ) : source1 ( ) , source2 ( ) {} combiner ( input_iterator < T , Distance > & s1 , input_iterator < T , Distance > & s2 , binary_function < T , T, T> f ) : source1 ( s1 ) , source2 ( s2 ) , func ( f ) combiner < T , Distance > & operator ++( ) { read ( ) ; return * this ; } combiner < T , Distance >& operator ++( int ) { combiner < T , Distance > & tmp = * this ; read ( ) ; return tmp ; const T& operator * ( ) const { return value ; } } ;
file1
file2
main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { combiner < double > adder ( istream_iterator < double > ( ifstream ( argv [ 1 ] ) ) , istream_iterator < double >( ifstream ( argv [ 2 ] ) ) , plus< double > ) ; copy ( adder , combiner < double > ( ) , ostream_iterator < double > ( cout ) ) ; }
Suppose we want to apply a function to all the elements of a vector .
We can define the function locally , since it is a type definition .
It can take any context it needs in the constructor , and store it internally .
This is not as elegant as lisp or perl 's lexical scoping , but it is better than nothing .
function add Offset ( vector < int > & v , int n ) { // we want to add n to each element of v struct AddN : public unary_function < int > { AddN ( int n ) : _n ( n ) {} ; int operator ( ) ( const int& k ) { return k + n ; } } ; transform ( v.begin ( ) , v.end ( ) , v.begin ( ) , AddN( n ) ) ; }
Why does n't STL have null iterator values ?
STL iterators are supposed to be generalized pointers , right ?
That phrase has been bandied about a great deal , but it is very misleading .
STL iterators are generalizations of array pointers , that is , a pointer set to point into an array , and then incremented or decremented .
It does not make sense to talk about such a pointer having a null value .
In C and C++ , null pointers are used to indicate errors , or abnormal conditions .
When you have a C++ iterator type , there is normally only one kind of error value it will return : one indicating " I fell off the end of the list " .
It is natural , therefore , for most iterator classes to use null as the " past - the - end " value .
If you find yourself wanting a null STL iterator , you probably want the past - the - end value .
In " Alice Through the Looking Glass " , Alice meets Humpty Dumpty , and they have a discussion during which Humpty uses a word to mean something completely different from its usual meaning .
Alice protests that that was not what the word meant ; words mean what the dictionary says .
Humpty says that words mean what he wants them to mean ; he pays them enough .
Courtesy of Eric Anderson and J Coleman , here is the section , taken from < a href = " http://www.cs.indiana.edu/metastuff/looking/looking.txt.gz " > the text at Indiana University </a>:
` When _I_ use a word , ' Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone , `it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor less . '
` The question is , ' said Alice , `whether you CAN make words mean so many different things . '
` The question is , ' said Humpty Dumpty , `which is to be master - - that 's all . '
Humpty const is the " conceptual " const , or design const , which says that the object has the same appearance to the user after the operation as before , and that it is ok to apply the operation to objects that must not be modified .
In a String class ,
class String { private : char * _data ; mutable int _len ; public : String ( const char * data ) : _data ( data ) , _len ( - 1 ) { } void capitalize ( ) { char *p = _data ; while ( * p ) * p = toupper ( * p++ ) ; } int length ( ) const { if ( _len == - 1 ) _len = strlen ( _data ) ; return _len ; } } ;
length is Humpty const ( the user thinks of it as an operation that does not modify the string , and it can be applied to constant strings ) , but not Alice const , since _len changes .
The keyword mutable allows you to change a variable so specified in a const member function .
jak@cs.brown.edu
BARACK OBAMA hopes to wrap up the Democratic nomination next week , as the three last primaries , combined with an expected slew of superdelegate announcements , carry him over the threshold of victory .
Already , his team is focusing on winning the White House .
With an electorate sick of war , costly petrol and George Bush , the odds favour him .
Intrade , a betting site , puts his chances at 58 % .
If he ( or , should a miracle occur , Mrs Clinton ) stumbles , however , it may be because the electoral college has worked against the Democrats .
With five months of campaigning still ahead , all predictions should be taken with a fistful of salt .
Nonetheless , it is at least plausible that he ( or she ) might rack up pointlessly large majorities in liberal states while narrowly failing to carry enough swing states to win .
Geography , as so often in history , is key .
The electoral map did not change much between the last two presidential elections .
Only three states , all small , switched sides between 2000 and 2004 : Iowa , New Hampshire and New Mexico .
But this year could be very different .
John McCain is an unusual Republican , distrusted by the party 's evangelical base but popular with independents .
Mr Obama 's prospects are even harder to discern , since no black American has ever come this close to the presidency and people may lie to pollsters about his candidacy .
How , then , might the electoral map be redrawn this year ?
A good place to start looking is California .
Most analysts say that this is probably not a swing state : John Kerry carried it by ten points .
But since it is the biggest prize , with 55 electoral votes out of the 270 needed to win , it can not be ignored .
California 's Latinos like Mr McCain 's pro-immigration stance , but many of them loathe his party .
The California Republican Party is a mess , stuffed with nativists and managing to be simultaneously chaotic and doctrinaire .
Mr McCain 's age may also count against him in a state where youth is worshipped .
On the plus side for Mr McCain , his defence of free trade will hurt him less in the Pacific West than in the rustbelt , since the region visibly benefits from trade with Asia and Mexico .
Coming from next - door Arizona , he has a feel for Western issues , such as water and public - land use , which Mr Obama lacks .
And California 's popular Republican governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , will lend Mr McCain some star power on the hustings .
In Florida , with its crucial 27 electoral votes , the picture is reversed .
Even though he cannot take anything for granted , Mr McCain is roughly eight points ahead in the polls .
Mr Obama has serious problems in the Sunshine State .
He struggles to woo elderly voters .
His idealistic approach to tyrants strikes Cuban - Americans in Miami as naive .
What is more , if the Democratic Party cannot find a way to make the votes cast in Florida 's Democratic primary this year count , many Florida Democrats who supported Hilary Clinton will still be seething in November .
Another point in Mr McCain 's favour is that Florida 's governor , Charlie Crist , who is even more popular and perma- tanned than Arnie , backs him whole - heartedly .
There is talk of Mr McCain picking Mr Crist as his running - mate — he was one of three possibles invited to the senator 's ranch last week .
Mr Crist 's current bachelorhood may count against him with socially conservative voters , but Mr McCain really needs to win Florida .
The closest battles in big states could be in Pennsylvania and Ohio .
Both states have a lot of white working - class voters who think the economy is in terrible shape and foreign trade is much to blame .
Their protectionism pulls them to vote for Democrats .
But their love of guns and distaste for abortion pull the other way .
Mr Obama simply has to hold Pennsylvania .
Polls show him six points ahead of Mr McCain , but his thrashing by Hillary Clinton in the primary should give him pause .
He might woo her supporters by choosing Ed Rendell , the governor of Pennsylvania and a long - time Clintonite , as his running - mate .
Doing so , however , would prevent him from picking the governor of Ohio , Ted Strickland , another Clinton loyalist whose help he might well need .
Ohio , with its 20 college votes , single - handedly tipped the 2004 election to Mr Bush .
A poll of polls by RealClearPolitics.com shows Mr Obama only a whisker ahead of Mr McCain in Ohio .
Voters there tend to prefer Mr Obama 's economic populism , but to think Mr McCain would be a more reliable commander - in - chief .
Mr McCain could perhaps blunt Mr Obama 's advantage on economic issues by picking Rob Portman , a former head of the Office of Management and Budget , as his vice - presidential nominee .
Not only is Mr Portman widely admired ; he is also from Ohio .
Mr Obama faces several challenges in his own backyard .
Across the lake from his home state of Illinois lies Michigan , a Democratic state whose 17 electoral votes are up for grabs .
As luck would have it , Michigan is the other state where Democratic primary votes seem unlikely to count this year , leaving many Hillary - loving locals angry .
Polls show Mr Obama and Mr McCain neck and neck there , though Mr Obama 's NAFTA - scapegoating is an easier sell than Mr McCain 's blunt assertion that “ some of the jobs that have left the state of Michigan are not coming back . ”
Three more states that border Illinois will be fiercely contested : Missouri , Iowa and Wisconsin .
Missouri went for Mr Bush by seven points in 2004 , but turfed out a Republican senator in 2006 .
Because eastern Missouri touches Illinois , people there have been able to watch Mr Obama 's TV adverts since before he was nationally famous .
And sizeable black populations in St Louis and Kansas City will flock to him .
Many in Missouri are culturally conservative , however , and Republicans will remind them of Mr Obama 's ultra-liberal voting record in the Senate .
Wisconsin , with ten electoral votes , narrowly backed Mr Kerry in 2004 .
Mr Obama , who did well in the Wisconsin primary even among groups he normally fails to excite , such as white blue - collar workers , hopes to do better .
The polls are all over the place .
AP
In happier times
Iowa is smaller , with only seven electoral votes , but the terrain favours Mr Obama .
Mr Bush won there by a single point in 2004 .
Mr Obama kick - started his national career by winning the Iowa caucuses in January .
Mr McCain , who resists showering corn farmers with subsidies , lost miserably there .
Mr Obama hopes that the vast enthusiasm for his candidacy among African Americans will translate into electoral votes .
It will help , of course .
But unfortunately for him , America 's black population is concentrated in the South , most of which seems impregnably Republican .
Some 30 % of Georgians , for example , are black , but even a huge increase in black turnout will be hard pressed to overturn the 17 - point margin by which Mr Bush won there in 2004 .
Mr Obama 's chances are better in the upper southern states of North Carolina and Virginia .
Both voted for Mr Bush , but both are becoming more liberal as yuppies move in .
A combination of blacks and college - educated whites has given both states Democratic governors .
Mr Obama is six points behind Mr McCain in North Carolina and only one point behind in Virginia .
Armchair strategists urge him to pick a Virginian running - mate .
Tim Kaine , the governor , is often mentioned .
So is Jim Webb , Virginia 's junior senator and a former secretary of the navy .
Mr Webb would shore up Mr Obama 's perceived weakness on national security .
But some harsh things he once said about women in combat will upset a lot of former Hillary voters .
Among Mr McCain 's targets is Minnesota , which has not voted Republican in a presidential race since 1972 but is turning purple .
Mr Kerry won the state by three points .
Mr Obama 's poll lead is larger , but fragile .
The Republicans will be holding their convention in Minneapolis - St Paul this year .
And Mr McCain might pick Minnesota 's governor , Tim Pawlenty , as his running - mate .
Party insiders warm to both Mr Pawlenty 's record and his humble roots .
His mother died when he was 16 .
He says he wants the Republicans to be “ the party of Sam's Club [ ie , people who shop at Wal - Mart ] , not the country club ” .
The final battleground will be in the Mountain West , where libertarian voters like their taxes low and their government unpreachy .
This makes Colorado , Nevada and New Mexico all “ purple ” states , which is why Mr Obama visited all three this week and the Democrats will hold their convention in Denver .
Colorado voted for Mr Bush by five points but elected a Democratic governor in 2006 .
Nevada backed Mr Bush by two points but constantly re-elects the Senate majority leader , Harry Reid .
New Mexico backed Mr Bush by one point but has a Democratic governor , Bill Richardson .
Mr McCain will make much of his local - boy status , since Arizona touches all three states .
Were he to pick the conservative Mike Huckabee as his running - mate , however , he would alienate the Mormons in Nevada , who resented the former Arkansas governor 's unsubtle digs at their faith during his Republican primary tussle with Mitt Romney , a Mormon .
But even winning all three would not compensate Mr Obama for a loss in Pennsylvania .
The sheer number of battleground states plays to Mr Obama 's strengths .
He will have much more money than any previous presidential candidate , and will be able to unleash a barrage of ads on every battlefield .
He can fight hard for every remotely winnable state and force Mr McCain to spend time and money defending supposedly safe ones .
Both candidates ' vice - presidential picks will be endlessly scrutinised .
Seasoned observers say running - mates seldom affect the final result .
But if the race is close , both sides will look for any advantage they can find .
T- Mobile sold right out of its original allotment of G1 pre-orders quick , fast and in a hurry , and even the second round has been claimed in a flash .
What 's it all mean ?
It means that someone at T - Mobile and Google are sitting in a fancy restaurant in France sipping on the good stuff , and it also means that 1.5 million G1s have already been reserved for eager early adopters .
In addition to that , another couple of million are all set to take the retail scene by storm later this month .
In other words , folks are genuinely stoked about the possibilities of Android , and scads of 'em have already committed to the OS ( and HTC 's design , by extension ) before even having a chance to toy around with it in person .
No pressure at all , Google . [ Via Pulse2
Updated WASHINGTON — Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell endorsed Senator Barack Obama for president on Sunday morning as a candidate who was reaching out in a “ more diverse and inclusive way across our society ” and offering a “ calm , patient , intellectual , steady approach ” to the nation ’s problems .
The endorsement , on the NBC public affairs program “ Meet the Press , ” was a major blow to Senator John McCain , who has been a good friend of Mr. Powell for decades .
Mr. Powell , a Republican , has advised Mr. McCain in the past on foreign policy .
Mr. Powell told reporters after the taping of “ Meet the Press ” that he had been disturbed in recent weeks by the negative tone of Mr. McCain ’s campaign , particularly its focus on Mr. Obama ’s passing relationship with William Ayers , a 1960s radical and founder of the Weather Underground .
The McCain campaign has sought to promote the idea that Mr. Obama is “ palling around with terrorists , ” in the words of Mr. McCain ’s running mate , Gov. Sarah Palin , because of Mr. Obama ’s weak links to Mr. Ayers .
“ I thought that was over the top , ” Mr. Powell told reporters .
“ It was beyond just good political fighting back and forth . ”
Mr. Powell did offer Mr. McCain a small dose of solace by calling him a different kind of Republican , although one who would support the party ’s standard positions .
“ As gifted as he is , he is essentially going to execute the Republican agenda , the orthodoxy of the Republican agenda , with a new face and a maverick approach to it , and he’d be quite good at it , ” Mr. Powell said .
“ But I think we need a generational change . ”
In offering his endorsement , Mr. Powell becomes the highest profile Republican to add his support to the Democratic ticket .
Aides said it was not yet known whether the two men would campaign together – or what Mr. Powell would do alone – in the final two weeks of the presidential campaign .
Those talks , aides said , were underway on Sunday .
Mr. Powell ’s endorsement exposed a fundamental policy rift in the fractious Republican party foreign policy establishment between the so - called pragmatists , a number of whom have come to view the Iraq war or its execution as a mistake , and a competing camp , the neoconservatives , whose thinking dominated President Bush ’s first term and played a pivotal role in building the case for war .
Mr. Powell , who is of the pragmatist camp and has been critical of the Bush administration ’s conduct of the war , was said by friends in recent months to be disturbed by some of the neoconservatives who have surrounded Mr. McCain as foreign policy advisers in his presidential campaign .
The McCain campaign ’s top foreign policy aide is Randy Scheunemann , who was a foreign policy adviser to former Senators Trent Lott and Bob Dole and who has longtime ties to neoconservatives .
In 2002 , Mr. Scheunemann was a founder of the hawkish Committee for the Liberation of Iraq and was an enthusiastic supporter of the Iraqi exile and Pentagon favorite , Ahmad Chalabi , who was viewed with suspicion and distaste at the State Department when Mr. Powell was secretary of state .
Mr. Powell met with both Mr. McCain and Mr. Obama in June in preparation to make a possible endorsement .
He has said repeatedly in recent months that he wanted to wait until after the political conventions and the presidential debates before making a decision .
Mr. Powell ’s support of Mr. Obama was not a surprise to people who know him well and within Washington ’s foreign policy establishment , but the Obama campaign welcomed it as a powerful reassurance to voters about Mr. Obama ’s national security credentials .
Other voters , however , could discount it as an action of a disgruntled member of the Bush administration or as simply the support of one African American for another .
Mr. Powell also told reporters on Sunday that he was troubled that a number of Americans believe that Mr. Obama is a Muslim , although he did not directly link that supposition to the McCain campaign .
At a recent town - hall style meeting , Mr. McCain told an audience member who said she thought that Mr. Obama was an “ Arab , ” “ no , ma’am , he ’s a decent family man . ”
“ These are the kinds of images going out on Al Jazeera that are killing us around the world , ” Mr. Powell said .
“ And we have got to say to the world it does n’t make any difference who you are and what you are .
If you ’re an American you ’re an American . ”
On Fox News Sunday , Mr. McCain shrugged off the endorsement by Mr. Powell .
“ Well , I ’ve always admired and respected General Powell , ’’ he said .
“ We ’re longtime friends .
This does n’t come as a surprise .
But I ’m also very pleased to have the endorsement of four former Secretaries of State , State Kissinger , Baker , Eagleburger and Haig and I ’m proud to have the endorsement of well over 200 retired army generals and admirals .
I respect and continue to respect and admire Secretary Powell . ’’
Mr. Obama called General Powell at 10 a.m. to thank him for the endorsement and told him “ how honored he was to have it , ” said Robert Gibbs , a senior adviser to Mr. Obama .
The two spoke about 10 minutes .
“ He said he looked forward to taking advantage of his advice in the next two weeks and hopefully over the next four years , ” Mr. Gibbs said .
Jeff Zeleny and Michael Cooper contributed reporting .
Ben Smith weighs in on the shocking news that McCain is now saying the Keating Five investigation was a set - up , a witch hunt , a partisan smear job , and that he did nothing wrong .
But if mcCain did nothing wrong , then why did he admit all these years to making a giant mistake during the Keating Five fiasco , a mistake that supposedly made McCain the maverick he is today ?
Or was McCain ’s giant mistake admitting guilt and taking ownership of his character flaws ?
From Ben at Politico :
I ’d always thought McCain ’s great strength in defending the Keating affair was that he ’d acknolwedged making a huge mistake , and spent his career repenting by recasting himself as a reformer .
So when his campaign puts his lawyer on the line with reporters to contest the details of a congressional inquiry that , largely , let McCain off the hook , does n’t that cloud the sin-confession - atonement dynamic a bit ?
In Halperin ’s account , McCain lawyer John Dowd described McCain ’s “ former relationship with Charles Keating as ‘ social friends , ' ” and called the situation a “ classic political smear job on John . ”
Dowd also “ thinks that the committee went too far in suggesting that McCain ’s intervention with regulators was poor judgment , ” Halperin writes .
But if so , what ’s this giant mistake that transformed McCain into a reformer ?
And as Ben noted earlier , McCain ’s Keating Five admission is the ENTIRE basis of his maverick brand :
[ I ] n his 2002 autobiography , “ the worst mistake of my life . ”
He remade himself as a reformer in reaction to the scandal .
McCain ’s case is n’t that you should ignore his sin , or that it is n’t a sin ; it ’s that he ’s expiated it .
Not any more .
It ’s George Bush all over again .
Do n’t own up to anything .
Deny everything .
There are no facts that can ’ be disputed – even 20 year old facts that you ’ve already copped to .
Amazing .
[ / caption ]
Astronomers are confused .
As if gamma-ray bursts ( GRBs ) were n’t mysterious enough , there ’s something else to add to the bag of confusion .
GRB events are missing from the furthermost reaches of the Universe .
Right around the time when there should be a lot of GRBs , during the “ star forming epoch ” ( when stars were just beginning to evolve after the Big Bang ) , there appears to be none .
Zero .
There ’s no ancient flashes of massive star death to be found .
What ’s more , there does n’t appear to be any afterglow from previous gamma-ray bursts either .
So what ’s going on ?
Were there no GRB events before 12.8 billion years ago ?
Possibly … although there might be another answer .
They are out there but we just ca n’t see them .
Gamma-ray bursts are the biggest and brightest explosions in our Universe since the Big Bang .
When a GRB detonates , it can easily outshine its host galaxy containing billions of stars .
These energetic events have been observed since the 1960 ’s and only until recently have astronomers found an explanation as to what GRBs are .
A GRB occurs when a young metal - poor massive star has used up all its fuel and , like a supernova , collapses under its own gravitational field .
The rapid - spinning star then funnels intense beams of radiation from its poles in the form of gamma-rays .
Should one of these beams be directed toward Earth , we see a disproportionately bright explosion ( as a vast amount of energy is channelled through the poles ) .
Until the “ collapsar model ” was devised , astronomers were at a loss to explain these energetic events .
The collapsar model appears to explain GRBs lasting for two seconds or more .
However , there is another class of GRB , of much shorter timescales , that does not fit in with the collapsar model .
Short - period GRBs may be the result of violent interactions between black holes and a neutron stars .
So , does this mean GRBs are becoming less mysterious ?
Actually , GRB theory has just become a little more complicated .
It would appear that no GRBs occurred before 12.8 billion years ago .
Last month , the most distant ( and therefore oldest ) GRB was detected 12.8 billion light years away , but that in itself is strange .
During the time when the first stars started to form ( around 13.4 billion years ago ) , they were by definition “ metal - poor ” stars ( heavier elements , such as metals , were only possible after several generations of stellar evolution ) , so this should be a period of time when GRBs were regularly lighting up the night sky .
However , according to observations of the most distant galaxies containing the youngest stars , GRB events seem to be non-existent .
One explanation put forward is the effect of red shift .
As the Universe expands , space - time stretches .
As light travels from the most distant reaches of the Universe , perhaps the light itself from GRBs has been so stretched ( red- shifted ) that the electromagnetic emissions simply cannot be detected by our instrumentation .
These huge explosions could be happening , but as the emitted light has been so red- shifted , by the time the light reaches us , perhaps the emission does not resemble a GRB .
Even the afterglow of one of these massive explosions would be unrecognisable in this case , the light observed would be shifted all the way into the infrared .
So will any GRBs be discovered further away than 12.8 billion light years ?
I think we ’ll have to wait until we build some improved infrared observatories or recognise what a distant , ancient GRB looks like …
Source : NASA
Voting for a Republican president runs in the blood of places like Gainesville .
The pretty little town of 15,000 sits in north Texas ranch country and it is safe to say that Barack Obama has few fans here .
Certainly Jim Farquhar , who works in the justice system , has taken to heart warnings that Obama has links with dangerous radicals , such as former 1960s militant Bill Ayers .
' Obama scares me .
He has all these friendships .
You just do n't know how that might effect him once he gets into office , ' Farquhar said as he stood outside Gainsville 's sturdy old courthouse .
' I 'm voting for John McCain . '
Such worries are increasingly not shared by many other Americans .
Weeks of relentless attacks on Obama by McCain and his running mate Sarah Palin have not succeeded in denting Obama 's lead .
Instead it has strengthened .
Across America , battleground states such as Ohio and Pennsylvania are falling into Obama 's column and southern states such as Virginia and North Carolina are going from red to blue .
Some Democratic insiders are even whispering about the prospect of a landslide .
The flipside of that is a potentially devastating Republican loss .
If current polling holds true , the party may be reduced to its core support in the solid red heartland that runs through Texas , Oklahoma , Alabama , Georgia and other southern and western states .
That would trigger a profound crisis for a party that just three years ago was basking in the afterglow of a convincing presidential win and dreaming of creating a ' permanent majority ' .
Now that same Republican party could face a prolonged period in the political wilderness , working out how to appeal to an American public that seems prepared to send a pro-choice , black senator from Chicago to the White House and reject a conservative Republican war hero .
' The Republican party is going to have to work out what sort of party it actually wants to be .
It 's a changing world for them , ' said Professor Shaun Bowler , a political scientist at the University of California at Riverside .
It might not be easy .
A powerful Democratic win could wipe out Republican moderates .
It could leave the party in the grip of its conservative and evangelical base who remain critical of figures such as McCain but who are wildly enthusiastic about politicians such as Palin .
The Republican party could end up in a bitter civil war for its political future . '
One of the key battlegrounds in that conflict will be the role of religion in Republican politics .
The evangelical base has been a key part of the political coalition that has brought the party such success in recent years .
Political guru Karl Rove cemented evangelical ideas into President George W Bush 's brand of conservatism and used them to inspire a very effective ' get out the vote ' team in elections .
Rove focused on social issues such as gay marriage and abortion as a way of ensuring fanatical evangelical support .
Nothing came to symbolise the power of the evangelical movement more than the rise of mega-churches , especially in staunchly Republican areas .
These enormous edifices now dot the landscape of many states and Texas is no exception .
In the northern Dallas suburb of Prosper , a new mega - church has just opened .
It is called Prestonwood North and is a branch of its mother church a few miles south in Plano , a fast - growing city of some 260,000 people .
At first glance the church looks like a sparkling new office development , identical to many other buildings popping up on farmland as these ' exurbs ' of Dallas succumb to development .
But the large cross on its front reveals the truth .
Taken as a whole , Prestonwood now has almost 30,000 members , making it one of the largest churches in America .
It was recently named as one of America 's 50 most influential churches .
It certainly fits in in Prosper .
Once a hamlet , it is gradually being swallowed by the suburbs , but its politics remain God and guns .
' People around here all voted for Bush .
That has not really changed .
It 's a churchgoing kind of place , ' said Michelle Williams , 32 , a dental nurse .
In Texas , church and politics have been mixing .
In recent weeks , leading evangelical leaders in the state have endorsed McCain from their pulpits .
They include Pastor Gary Simons , who heads a church near Dallas .
He compared Obama to King Herod , the biblical child killer , because of his support for abortion .
' How many of you would want to go to the polls and vote for Herod ? '
Simons asked his congregation .
But increasingly such nakedly political preaching is looking out of step with many religious voters .
Obama , who is a regular churchgoer and looks at ease in religious surroundings , has made huge strides in appealing to evangelical voters .
His campaign has aggressively courted the religious vote , holding regular meetings with evangelical leaders .
That is in marked contrast to the 2004 Democratic nominee , John Kerry .
It has worked too .
A recent survey showed Obama and McCain in a virtual dead heat among born - again Christians , with support for McCain running at 45 per cent and Obama on 43 per cent .
In 2004 , Bush won 62 per cent of that vote .
' If Obama goes on to win , one of the significant stories will be the profile of the faith vote ... the Democrats are poised to make up significant ground among born again and evangelical voters , ' said David Kinnaman , president of the evangelical research group that carried out the poll .
The trend is also likely to reflect growing differences in the evangelical movement itself ; changes that are leaving the Republican party behind .
Far from being a monolithic bloc , evangelicals have increasingly embraced a wider variety of causes .
Some are just as likely to campaign on fighting Aids and issues in the developing world as to crusade against abortion and gay marriage .
One of the hottest topics in conservative Christianity at the moment is environmental conservation and global warming , neither of which is a Republican strong suit .
Yet , following a possible November defeat , the Republican party itself could still remain firmly in the hands of its conservative evangelical wing .
Even as America drifts away from causes that right - wing evangelicals care about , the Republican base remains fixated on them .
After all , McCain was forced to court the evangelical vote in order to secure the nomination himself .
To cement his position , he ended up choosing Palin - a true religious conservative - as his running mate .
That move electrified die - hard Republicans but turned off other voters for whom the collapsing economy - not fighting the teaching of evolution in schools or banning abortion - has become the overriding concern .
It allowed Obama to seize the vital middle ground .
' In the Republican party itself it seems that the Christian right is going to be in the ascendancy .
But that is looking like a losing political strategy for the future , ' said Bowler .
There is increasingly a sense that what works for the Republican base no longer works for the rest of the country , even in the heart of red state America .
Take Kingfisher , Oklahoma .
The town sits in the middle of a county that is one of the reddest in America when it comes to presidential politics .
It voted for Bush over Kerry in 2004 by a staggering 85 per cent to 15 per cent .
Even now the state of Oklahoma remains spectacularly loyal to the Republicans .
The most recent poll showed McCain 24 points ahead of Obama .
A previous one gave him a lead of more than 30 per cent .
But even in Kingfisher the signs of Republican disarray are not hard to find .
Businesswoman Charlene Franks is put off by the campaign that McCain and Palin are running .
' I am voting for McCain but I do n't really like it .
It 's the economy that matters right now and groceries are getting expensive .
We really do n't eat that much any more , ' she said .
Her views on Palin were not complimentary either .
' She is not ready to be president , ' Franks said .
Ready or not , Palin is still likely to be one of the most dominant forces in Republican politics after the election .
Unlike McCain , she draws thousands to her rallies .
She has developed a genuinely enthusiastic following among activists who are dedicated to her cause .
Already there is speculation that Palin , if McCain loses in November , will be the hottest pick for the nomination in 2012 .
That will be made easier by a large - scale electoral defeat .
In a process reminiscent of the Labour party in the 1980s and the Conservatives in the late 1990s , the Republicans could end up as an extremist rump , reduced to a few stronghold states and obsessed with causes that seem not to matter to the general public .
Across America , moderate Republicans are facing a tough battle as the Democrats look set to increase greatly their strength in Congress .
Some analysts are seeing Democratic gains of up to nine Senate seats and 30 seats in the House of Representatives .
In a leaked Republican party document last week , an incredible 58 House seats were ranked as potentially at risk with 11 of them virtually written off as already lost .
If the Democrats perform strongly enough to control 60 Senate seats then they would have a virtual free rein over the political landscape .
Republicans would probably survive only in their heartland , thus thrusting the party further right at a time when the country has shifted left .
That would mark a profound change similar to Ronald Reagan 's win in 1980 which seemed to usher in a conservative - dominated era .
The possibility has many Republican pundits terrified .
' The end of the Reagan era ? ' blared one headline in the political magazine National Journal .
The Wall Street Journal added fuel to the fire with an editorial that went ever further .
' Get ready for change we have n't seen since 1965 or 1933 , ' it warned under the headline : ' A liberal supermajority ' .
Such a prospect angers conservative Republicans .
But much of that anger is directed at the current occupant of the White House .
For eight years Bush preached conservatism from the Oval Office .
He spoke of a desire for small government , limited spending and an emphasis on social issues such as fighting abortion .
Instead the size of government has increased - mostly due to the creation of the Department of Homeland Security - and spending has rocketed because of Iraq and Afghanistan .
On social issues , Bush has delivered a more conservative Supreme Court but abortion remains legal .
In a final blow to conservative ideals , the economic crisis has seen Bush 's administration preside over the semi-nationalisation of swaths of the financial services industry .
No wonder there is anger on the streets of places like Gainesville .
After all , the Texas town backed Bush in 2004 with 79 per cent of the vote .
Now its people feel they did not get what they voted for .
' There 's been no leadership .
I liked Bush as a man .
He was not very polished , but that was part of his appeal .
But things have not turned out well , ' said Bill Wilkinson , a writer , as he walked past a cafe on Gainesville 's town square .
Of course , it is still premature to declare an Obama victory .
' Anything can happen .
But the election is clearly Obama 's to lose , ' said Kinnaman .
McCain has built a long political career on unlikely comebacks .
He might yet pull off the biggest surprise of his life .
But for the moment the signs are grim across the Republican heartland .
From Kingfisher , Oklahoma , to Gainesville , Texas , and far beyond the mood is sour .
' I guess it looks like Obama is going to make it , ' said Farquhar .
' But no one is happy about it .
It is going to be beyond just having another tax - and - spend liberal in office . '
That will be for the future to decide .
But for the moment it looks as if Obama and the Democrats are preparing for the highest office in America , to add to their control of both House and Senate .
The Republicans , meanwhile , are bracing for what could be a painful period of exile .
• This article was amended on Wednesday October 29 2008 .
We referred to Barack Obama as the ' pro- life black senator from Chicago ' .
Obama supports a women 's right to choose ; we meant ' pro-choice ' .
This has been corrected .
HELSINKI / LONDON ( Reuters ) - Nokia hopes giving away the Symbian technology used in its high - end mobile phones will encourage Internet developers to build innovative applications on the platform , helping it win back market share .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
A freely available Symbian operating system to be controlled by an independent foundation would reinvigorate the platform because developers of new Internet applications in areas such as social networking and navigation will be more likely to use it as a platform , Nokia said on Wednesday .
“ I strongly believe an open ecosystem wins over an ecosystem run by a captain , or I should say a dictatorship , ” Nokia ’s Executive Vice President for Devices Kai Oistamo told a conference of Symbian partners and developers in London .
“ Collaboration is the key .
Creating a bigger pie together creates a bigger share for all of us . ”
Making the platform freely available to developers was the objective when Nokia , the world ’s number one mobile phone maker , agreed in June to buy out its partners in Symbian for $ 410 million , he said .
Nokia has sold more than 180 million Symbian smartphones -- phones that have the capabilities of computers -- and has developed the platform ’s most successful user interface , S60 .
But the technology faces increasing competition from Google , Apple and RIM , which have raised the bar for the smartphone industry , eating into its market .
Nokia responded with its buy - out plan , which is awaiting clearance from Chinese and European regulators .
The company said on Wednesday it still expected approval by the end of the year .
Lee Williams , head of the S60 organization at Nokia ’s devices business , was nominated to be executive director of the not - for - profit Symbian Foundation on Wednesday .
“ The new entrants have brought a tremendous level of awareness , ” Williams told Reuters in an interview .
“ Among mainstream consumers we are seeing a tremendous level of interest toward smartphones . ”
Since June , 52 companies have said they plan to join the not - for - profit foundation , including all major mobile phone makers , giving it an edge over Google ’s Android , which has 34 members , in the battle for the mobile phone software market .
Symbian said sweeping away licensing fees would cost it royalties which totaled $ 300 million last year .
“ We want developers from all domains to come and play , ” Symbian Ltd Chief Executive Nigel Clifford said in a keynote speech on Tuesday .
“ Up to now developers have been a little bit put off by licensing . ”
Nokia expects to release the first unified Symbian Foundation software next year and introduce a completely new platform by June 2010 .
Recipe by Chef # 393234
Mediterranean twist on traditional nachos .
Fresh tasting and a delightful change of pace
The new MacBook Pro 2008 is , at last , the worthy successor to the mythical PowerBook Titanium .
From its new design - with an iMac - style glass screen , smooth Air - style surfaces , and no-button trackpad - to its guts - with new processors and both an Nvidia GeForce 9400 M and 9600M GT - it 's a pretty impressive machine .
Full specs and details after the jump .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
The MacBook Pro 2008 comes with
• The latest Intel Core 2 Duo processors running at 2.4GHz and 2.53GHz .
• Nvidia GeForce 9400 m , a chipset that includes a graphics processors .
70 percent of it is the processor , with 16 parallel chips in one and 54 gigaflops .
• Nvidia GeForce 9600 m GT graphics :
- 32 parallel graphics cores
- 120 gigaflops
- 512 MBytes .
• New multi - touch glass trackpad that acts as single button , providing a click feedback when you push it .
• The trackpad is 39 % larger than previous models .
• It admits four - finger gestures , so you can call exposé now by using the four fingers , as well as to activate app switching .
• LED displays , which makes the screen a lot thinner .
• All connections are one side .
• Black MacBook
Air style keyboard .
• Mini DisplayPort connector .
Advertisement
The specs and prices
• Standard Model : $ 1999
- 15.4 - inch screen
- 2.4GHz processor
- 2GB DDR3-RAM
- Geforce 9400 M and 9600M GT
- 250 Gig HDD
- Super-Drive
Advertisement
• Better Model : $ 2499
- 15.4 - inch screen
- 2.53GHz
- 4 GB RAM
- 512 MB on 9600GT
- 320 GIG HDD
Like with the MacBook Air , you can get a 128 GB solid state drive as an option .
Both are shipping today and you can get a Best Model with a 2.8 GHz processor .
Advertisement
Jobs also had a laundry list for the hippies and the treehuggers at Greenpeace .
The new MacBook Pro is :
• Arsenic free
• BFR free
• Mecurry free
• PVC free
• Recyclable
• Ships in a a 37 % smaller packaging .
Advertisement
Apple official press release on the MacBook Pro
The 2.4 GHz , 15 - inch aluminum MacBook Pro , for a suggested retail price of $ 1,999 ( US ) , includes : 15.4 - inch widescreen LED - backlit 1440 x 900 glossy display ;
2.4 GHz Intel Core 2
Duo with 3MB shared L2 cache ;
1066 MHz front - side bus ;
2GB 1066 MHz DDR3 SDRAM , expandable to 4GB ;
NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M integrated graphics ;
NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT discrete graphics with 256MB GDDR3 video memory ;
250GB serial ATA hard drive running at 5400 rpm , with Sudden Motion Sensor ;
a slot - load 8X SuperDrive with double - layer support ( DVD±R DL / DVD±RW / CD - RW ) optical drive ;
Mini DisplayPort for video output ( adapters sold separately ) ;
built - in AirPort Extreme 802.11n wireless networking and Bluetooth 2.1+EDR ;
Gigabit Ethernet port ;
built - in iSight video camera ;
two USB 2.0 ports ;
one FireWire® 800 port ;
ExpressCard / 34 expansion card slot ;
one audio line in and one audio line out port , each supporting both optical digital and analog ;
glass Multi-Touch trackpad and illuminated keyboard ; and
85 Watt MagSafe Power Adapter .
The 2.53 GHz aluminum MacBook Pro , for a suggested retail price of $ 2,499 ( US ) , includes : 15.4 - inch widescreen LED - backlit 1440 x 900 glossy display ;
2.53 GHz Intel Core 2
Duo with 6MB shared L2 cache ;
1066 MHz front - side bus ;
4GB 1066 MHz DDR3 SDRAM ;
NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M integrated graphics ;
NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT discrete graphics with 512MB GDDR3 video memory ;
320 GB serial ATA hard drive running at 5400 rpm , with Sudden Motion Sensor ;
a slot - load 8X SuperDrive with double - layer support ( DVD±R DL / DVD±RW / CD - RW ) optical drive ;
Mini DisplayPort for video output ( adapters sold separately ) ;
built - in AirPort Extreme 802.11n wireless networking and Bluetooth 2.1+EDR ;
Gigabit Ethernet port ;
built - in iSight video camera ;
two USB 2.0 ports ;
one FireWire 800 port ;
ExpressCard / 34 expansion card slot ;
one audio line in and one audio line out port , each supporting both optical digital and analog ;
glass Multi-Touch trackpad and illuminated keyboard ; and
85 Watt MagSafe Power Adapter .
Build - to - order options for the MacBook Pro include a 2.8 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor , the ability to upgrade to 4GB 1066 MHz DDR3 SDRAM , 250 GB 7200 rpm , 320 GB 5400 rpm or a 320 GB 7200 rpm hard drive , a 128 GB solid state drive , Mini DisplayPort to DVI Adapter , Mini DisplayPort to Dual - Link DVI Adapter ( for 30 - inch DVI display ) , Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter , Apple USB Modem , Apple Remote , Apple MagSafe Airline Adapter and the AppleCare Protection Plan .
Advertisement
[ Apple event liveblog ]
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) -- College senior Kyla Berry was looking forward to voting in her first presidential election , even carrying her voter registration card in her wallet .
" Vote suppression is real .
It does sometimes happen , " said Daniel P. Tokaji , a law professor at Ohio State University .
But about two weeks ago , Berry got disturbing news from local election officials .
" This office has received notification from the state of Georgia indicating that you are not a citizen of the United States and therefore , not eligible to vote , " a letter from the Fulton County Department of Registration and Elections said .
But Berry is a U.S. citizen , born in Boston , Massachusetts .
She has a passport and a birth certificate to prove it .
Watch some of the concerns of voting experts »
The letter , which was dated October 2 , gave her a week from the time it was dated to prove her citizenship .
There was a problem , though -- the letter was postmarked October 9 .
" It was the most bizarre thing .
I immediately called my mother and asked her to send me my birth certificate , and then I was like , ' It 's too late , apparently , ' " Berry said .
Berry is one of more than 50,000 registered Georgia voters who have been " flagged " because of a computer mismatch in their personal identification information .
At least 4,500 of those people are having their citizenship questioned and the burden is on them to prove eligibility to vote .
Experts say lists of people with mismatches are often systematically cut , or " purged , " from voter rolls .
It 's a scenario that 's being repeated all across the country , with cases like Berry 's raising fears of potential vote suppression in crucial swing states .
" What most people do n't know is that every year , elections officials strike millions of names from the voter rolls using processes that are secret , prone to error and vulnerable to manipulation , " said Wendy Weiser , an elections expert with New York University 's Brennan Center for Justice .
" That means that lots and lots of eligible voters could get knocked off the voter rolls without any notice and , in many cases , without any opportunity to correct it before Election Day . "
Weiser acknowledged that " purging done well and with proper accountability " is necessary to remove people who have died or moved out of state .
" But the problem is it 's not necessary to do inaccurate purges that catch up thousands of eligible voters without any notice or any opportunity to fix it before Election Day and really without any public scrutiny at all , " she said .
Such allegations have flared up across the United States during this election cycle , most notably in Ohio , where a recent lawsuit has already gone to the U.S. Supreme Court .
There , the state Republican Party sued Ohio's Democratic secretary of state in an effort to make her generate a list of people who had mismatched information .
But Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner said generating such a list would create numerous problems too close to the election and possibly disenfranchise hundreds of thousands of voters .
The Supreme Court last week ruled against the GOP on appeal of a lower court order directing Brunner to prepare the list .
In Florida , election officials found that 75 percent of about 20,000 voter registration applications from a three - week period in September were mismatched due to typographical and administrative errors .
Florida 's Republican secretary of state ordered the computer match system implemented in early September .
In Wisconsin , Republican Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen sued the state 's election board after it voted against a proposal to implement a " no- match " policy .
The board conducted an audit of its voter rolls and found a 22 percent match failure rate -- including for four of the six members of the board .
The Brennan Center has also documented cases across the country of possible illegal purging , impediments to college student voting and difficulties accessing voter registration .
A lawsuit has been filed over Georgia 's mismatch system , and the state is also under fire for requesting Social Security records for verification checks on about 2 million voters -- more requests than any other state .
One of the lawyers involved in the lawsuit says Georgia is violating a federal law that prohibits widespread voter purges within 90 days of the election , arguing that the letters were sent out too close to the election date .
" They are systematically using these lists and matching them and using those matches to send these letters out to voters , " said McDonald , director of the ACLU Voting Rights Project in Georgia .
" It 's not , you know , an individualized notion of people maybe not being citizens or not being residents .
They 're using a systematic purging procedure that 's expressly prohibited by federal laws . "
Asked if he believed that eligible voters were purged in Georgia , McDonald said , " If people who are properly eligible , are getting improperly challenged and purged , the answer would be ' Yes , ' " he said .
Elise Shore , regional counsel for the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , said letters like those sent to Berry appear to violate two federal laws against voter purging within 90 days of the election .
" People are being targeted , and people are being told they are non-citizens , including both naturalized citizens and U.S. - born citizens , " said Shore , another plaintiff in the Georgia lawsuit .
" They 're being told they 're not eligible to vote , based on information in a database that has n't been checked and approved by the Department of Justice , and that we know has flaws in it . "
Georgia 's Secretary of State Karen Handel , a Republican who began working on purging voter rolls since she was elected in 2006 , said that wo n't happen .
If there are errors , she said , there is still plenty of time to resolve the problems .
iReport.com :
Are you voting early ?
Handel says she is not worried the verification process will prevent eligible voters from casting a ballot .
" In this state and all states , there 's a process to ensure that a voter who comes in -- even if there 's a question about their status -- that they will vote either provisional or challenge ballot , which is a paper ballot , " she said .
" So then the voter has ample opportunity to clarify any issues or address them , " Handel added .
" And I think that 's a really important process . "
Handel denied the efforts to verify the vote are suppression .
" This is about ensuring the integrity of our elections , " she said .
" It is imperative to have checks and balances on the front end , during the processes and on the back end .
That 's what the verification process is about . "
So someone like Kyla Berry will be allowed to cast a provisional ballot when she votes , but it 's up to county election officials whether those ballots would actually count .
Berry says she will try to vote , but she 's not confident it will count .
" I know this happens , but I cannot believe it 's happening to me , " she said .
" If I were n't allowed to vote , I would just feel like that would be ... like the worst thing ever -- a travesty . "
All About Elections and Voting • U.S. Presidential Election
Traci Bingham vs Shauna Sand Pumpkin Patch Attire
Last week whenhit the pumpkin patch wearing an ensemble that resembled an Easter egg , we thought she had taken the award for most overdressed celebrity but that was before we came across these photos of
Mr. Bones Pumpkin Patch was used to film a scene from Gimme My Reality Show !
Bingham is vying for top honors and a show of her own and / or the U.S. presidency .
And why not , she should be the president ... right ?
Check out the photo gallery below .
Now look at what Shauna Sand wore and let us know who seems more desperate for attention .
Photos : WENN
The Icon Programming Language
Icon is a high - level , general - purpose programming language novel features including string scanning and goal - directed evaluation .
Download Icon for Unix ( including Linux , Macintosh , and Cygwin )
Download Icon for Microsoft Windows
PRINCETON , NJ --
The latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking update shows John McCain moving ahead of Barack Obama , 48 % to 45 % , when registered voters are asked for whom they would vote if the presidential election were held today .
These results are based on Sept. 4 - 6 interviewing , and include two full days of polling after the conclusion of the Republican National Convention last Thursday night .
McCain has outpolled Obama on both Friday and Saturday , and is receiving a convention bounce just as Obama did last week .
Tomorrow 's report will be the first in which all interviews were conducted after the conclusion of the convention .
Gallup measures convention bounces by comparing candidate support in the last poll done entirely before a party 's presidential nominating convention begins with the first polling conducted entirely after its conclusion .
McCain's 48 % share of the vote ties for his largest since Gallup tracking began in early March .
He registered the same level of support in early May .
This is also McCain 's largest advantage over Obama since early May , when he led by as much as six percentage points .
Obama has led McCain for most of the campaign , and for nearly all of the time since clinching the Democratic nomination in early June .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . ) -- Jeff Jones
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Sep. 4 - 6 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,765 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
USA Today has a bizarrely neutral article up about how white supremacists are toning down their image to better appeal to the masses .
They ’re updating their uniforms ( from brown Nazi uniform with a swastika armband to black fatigues ) , changing their names ( from Keystone State Skinheads to Keystone United ) , and altering their tactics ( from violent confrontations to gatherings in public libraries ) .
And if anecdotal evidence can be trusted , it ’s working !
According to Jeff Schoep , head of the National Socialist Movement , more and more white folks are being drawn to the movement as they become upset about immigration , worry about Obama , and fret about the economy .
“ We are the answer for white people , ” Schoep said .
Yikes !
But let ’s step back here a second .
Are we supposed to believe the MSM and its inherent biases against white supremacists ?
Not a chance .
Which is why we went to Stormfront , a white nationalist site with 144,000 registered members .
What are the soldiers on the ground saying about this supposed rebranding ?
A Republican women ’s club in San Bernardino County sent out a recent newsletter with a photo of Barack Obama surrounded by fried chicken , watermelon and ribs , sparking widespread outrage and rebuke from GOP leaders and Democrats .
The illustration shows the Democratic presidential candidate ’s head atop a donkey ’s body on a bogus $ 10 bill referred to as “ Obama Bucks . ”
Inscribed on the money are the words “ United States Food Stamps ” surrounded by stereotypical African American food .
The October newsletter went out to about 200 members of the Chaffey Community Republican Women , Federated , based in Upland .
“ I apologize to anyone who was offended because that was not my intent , ” said club President Diane Fedele .
“ It was poor judgment on my part .
It was strictly an attempt to point out the outrageousness of Obama ’s statement that he does n’t look like all those other presidents on the dollar bills . ”
Advertisement
The caption reads : “ Obama talks about all those presidents that got their names on bills .
If elected , what bill would he be on ?????
Food Stamps , what else ! ”
Fedele said the mailer merely parodied the statements Obama made during a debate last summer and was n’t racist .
“ If I was racist , I would have looked at it through racist eyes , ” she said .
“ I am not racist , which is why it probably did n’t register . ”
Club member Kristina Sandoval agreed .
Advertisement
“ None of us are racists , ” she said .
The use of watermelon , ribs and fried chicken was innocent , she said .
“ Everyone eats those foods , it ’s not a racial thing . ”
That ’s not how club member Acquanetta Warren -- a Fontana city councilwoman and an African American -- saw it .
Advertisement
“ My daughter who is 16 was standing over my shoulder when I opened the e-mail , and her mouth dropped wide open , ” Warren said .
“ I actually turned the screen away and sent her to her room so she would n’t see .
I do n’t want to talk to anyone ; I want a written apology so the public knows that this is not right and this is not representative of the way Republicans think . ”
She ’s known
Fedele a long time and is shocked by the newsletter .
“ When she did n’t see a problem with this , I knew something was wrong , ” said Warren , who is also vice chairwoman of the California Republican Party for the Inland Empire .
“ This is an isolated , crazy thing .
Our chairman is outraged .
We just do n’t do this . ”
Indeed , Fedele drew a sharp reprimand from Ron Nehring , California Republican Party chairman .
Advertisement
“ Any material that invokes issues related to race is absolutely unacceptable , tarnishes our party , diminishes the hard work of the tens of thousands of volunteers who are working hard every day for our candidates , and must be condemned , ” he said in a statement Thursday .
“ This material I ’ve seen inspires nothing but divisiveness and hostility and has absolutely no place in this election , or any public discourse . ”
His statement also referred to an image on the Sacramento County GOP website this week showing Obama in a turban beside Osama bin Laden with the words :
“ The difference between Osama and Obama is just a little B.S. ”
The site also exhorted members to “ Waterboard Barack Obama . ”
“ I called the chairman and said , ‘ You need to take that off your website , ’ and he took it off , ” said Hector Barajas , spokesman for the state GOP .
Fedele and the others at the Chaffey Community Republican club are volunteers and ca n’t be fired .
Aside from politics , they also do volunteer and charity work throughout the community .
Advertisement
Gary Ovitt , a county supervisor and chairman of the San Bernardino County Republican Party , is scheduled to meet with Fedele on Monday to discuss the incident .
“ He is disgusted and appalled by it , and he believes it is blatantly racist and offensive no matter what the intent was , ” said Burt Southard , Ovitt ’s spokesman .
“ These are individual clubs .
This one in particular may be one of the largest in the state and is one of the most active . ”
A spokesman for the Obama campaign in California , Gabriel Sanchez , declined to comment .
State Sen. Bob Dutton ( R - Rancho Cucamonga ) represents the area , and his wife , a Latina , is a member of the club .
Advertisement
“ I thought it was unacceptable and a failed attempt at humor , ” Dutton said .
“ My wife is n’t taking it personally because she knows the people involved .
I called Diane and talked to her and told her it was inappropriate .
She is a sweet lady without a mean bone in her body .
But we all have to be more sensitive . ”
Democrats were n’t as charitable .
“ I think it ’s sad and unbelievable that they ca n’t see how offensive this is , ” said Carol Robb , head of the San Bernardino County Democratic Party .
“ People are losing their homes , we are in financial chaos and the best they can do is a caricature of Obama on a donkey ’s body and food stamps .
How out of touch with the 21st century can you get ? ”
--
Advertisement
david.kelly@latimes.com
Research Box Title
NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope is back in business .
Just a couple of days after the orbiting observatory was brought back online , Hubble aimed its prime working camera , the Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 ( WFPC2 ) , at a particularly intriguing target , a pair of gravitationally interacting galaxies called Arp 147 .
The image demonstrated that the camera is working exactly as it was before going offline , thereby scoring a " perfect 10 " both for performance and beauty .
The two galaxies happen to be oriented so that they appear to mark the number 10 .
The left - most galaxy , or the " one " in this image , is relatively undisturbed apart from a smooth ring of starlight .
It appears nearly on edge to our line of sight .
The right - most galaxy , resembling a zero , exhibits a clumpy , blue ring of intense star formation .
The blue ring was most probably formed after the galaxy on the left passed through the galaxy on the right .
Just as a pebble thrown into a pond creates an outwardly moving circular wave , a propagating density wave was generated at the point of impact and spread outward .
As this density wave collided with material in the target galaxy that was moving inward due to the gravitational pull of the two galaxies , shocks and dense gas were produced , stimulating star formation .
The dusty reddish knot at the lower left of the blue ring probably marks the location of the original nucleus of the galaxy that was hit .
Arp 147 appears in the Arp Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies , compiled by Halton Arp in the 1960s and published in 1966 .
This picture was assembled from WFPC2 images taken with three separate filters .
The blue , visible - light , and infrared filters are represented by the colors blue , green , and red , respectively .
The galaxy pair was photographed on October 27 - 28 , 2008 .
Arp 147 lies in the constellation Cetus , and it is more than 400 million light - years away from Earth .
In September 2006 Kendra Wiseman , 25 , was reading an old issue of Glamour when she came across a story by Astra Woodcraft titled " Why I Fled Scientology . "
Like Astra , Kendra had grown up in the secretive religion and made the agonizing decision to abandon it .
She wrote to Astra , thanking her for the story .
A year and a half later , Kendra heard another shocker : Jenna Miscavige Hill , the 24 - year - old niece of Scientology leader David Miscavige , had also left the church .
Kendra sent her an e-mail too .
That was the beginning of a new relationship for the three women , who bonded over their unhappy years in the church .
" I worked seven days a week , " says Jenna of her time with Sea Org , the church 's administrative arm .
Astra recalls " the verbal abuse and isolation . "
( Scientology officials strongly dispute the claims , saying that Sea Org members get time off and do interact with the outside world . )
This past February , the trio launched a website , exscientologykids.com , for young people who have left or are thinking of leaving Scientology .
" When a person leaves , " says Kendra , " they face a big void .
We help them fill that . "
The site , which offers support through e-mails , Web chats and phone calls , has about 2,500 visitors per day .
Astra knows how scary that first step outside the church can be and says that 's exactly why the site is needed .
" For me , Scientology perpetuated an atmosphere of fear , " Jenna says .
" But with Astra and Kendra on my side , I 'm not afraid to stand up to it . "
Break out the bubbly , hang up the festive piñata , and dig out those togas because the goods times are here again !
Southern California home sales are up an “ unprecedented ” 65 % from last September .
That is right folks , happy days are here again .
That is until you look at the actual data in this report .
Leave it to the spin masters to turn a pathetic report into an amazing feat of economic accomplishment .
I ’m surprised these people do n’t give each other a Pulitzer just for getting out of bed and brushing their teeth correctly .
Yes , the sales volume is up an unprecedented 65 % but you can also say in the same headline that the median price is down a record 38 % .
Both are unprecedented records and guess which one the media ran with ?
Oh yes !
Fantastic .
Time to get my agent on the phone .
Should n’t the headline above be 50 % of all Southern California home sales are foreclosures ?
The L.A. Times does a better job with their headline .
After all , they are here in the area so they have a better sense of what is going on :
The L.A . Times headline offers a much more tempered report and headline .
But leave it to the Orange County Business Journal to tell you how it is :
That is the true headline here .
The incredibly steep drop in prices .
The peak for Southern California was reached only last summer and stood at $ 505,000 .
The current price for a median priced home is now $ 308,500 .
Why is this significant ?
Because Southern California has more people than many states in the entire union :
Population : SoCal by County :
Los Angeles : 9,948,081
Orange : 3,002,048
Riverside : 2,026,803
San Bernardino : 1,999,332
San Diego : 2,941,454
Ventura : 799,720
Total SoCal Population : 20,717,438
To put this into perspective , Texas has 23 million people in their entire state .
Alaska on the other hand has 670,053 people , or the size of Ventura Country .
Bwhahaha !
Enough of that .
Let us now put on our thinking caps and dig into the craptastic numbers that really show an ugly and Medusa like picture .
You ’ll turn away quickly once you see the data but be warned , you may turn into your favorite granite counter top :
Let us first work through the numbers .
I ’ve circled the two biggest counties responsible for the sales jump .
You ’ll also notice one important point here .
They are the cheapest and have seen the steepest price drops of all counties !
Even though San Bernardino and Riverside account for 19 % of the Southern California population they made up 36 % of all sales last month for the region !
That is why Riverside is up 106 % from a year ago .
Then again , the current median price is $ 237,500 so how will that person feel that bought a home near the peak in December of 2006 when the median price in Riverside was $ 432,000 ?
That is over a 45 % drop from the peak price .
The price of a home in San Bernardino county in December of 2006 was $ 370,000 .
The current price of $ 205,000 is a 44 % drop from that point .
What a shocker that homes are selling after having prices cut in half .
Every county in the area is down approximately 30 % in one year and much more from the actual peak .
If you really dissect the numbers , this September jump is n’t that big .
Let us take the largest county , L.A. and see how the past 8 Septembers have done :
L.A. County September Sales
September 2008 : 6,274 <— “ Amazing ” 65 % jump from last year
September 2007 : 4,361
September 2006 : 7,917
September 2005 : 10,988
September 2004 : 10,501
September 2003 : 11,395
September 2002 : 10,808
September 2001 : 8,831
Is this really a number to go running home about ?
Just because we had a horrific September last year of course any anomaly is going to give a minor boost in home sales .
In this case , it was the fact that Riverside and San Bernardino had a crazy amount of swap meet like bargains and people bought them up .
It is also the case that 50 % of all sales last month were foreclosures .
How is this fantastic news ?
In addition , many of these sales occurred in the middle of the summer before the global stock market smack down occurred .
With these numbers my thesis on why home prices in California wo n’t see a bottom until 2011 is even further reinforced and all 10 reasons are even more viable today .
It is also the case that the summer selling season data has just come to a close .
This is a typical seasonal pattern .
Take a look :
* Click for a bigger picture
Like clockwork , the end of spring and summer are the best selling seasons for housing especially here in California .
The above chart highlights this trend to perfection .
Take a look at the seasonal drops in fall and winter .
The frightening thing is that if you look at the final point on the chart which includes the unprecedented rise this summer , we are at the lowest peak from the last few years .
It will only go down from here since :
( a) Option ARMs are going to recast in large numbers Q4 of 2008 and Q1 of 2009 .
( b) This last month does not include the global market fiasco .
( c) California is in a deep recession .
7.7 % unemployment rate and the budget is being held together with chewing gum .
(d) We are entering into the slow fall and winter selling season
Although there are glimmers of hope in this report , there is much more to be pessimistic about .
Prices are going to drop 50 % from their peak .
This is n’t some doomsday prediction because as you saw , Riverside and San Bernardino are already down approximately 45 % from their peak so they will arrive at this milestone first .
L.A. County which hit a peak of $ 550,000 is now at $ 360,000 or a drop of 34 % .
If L.A. County can see the median home price lose $ 190,000 in value in one year , is it a stretch to say we will see another $ 85,000 reduction in the next 3 years ?
Or a better question is what is going to push prices higher ?
Jobs ?
Demand ?
Somehow I think believing prices are near a bottom is unprecedented .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
SACRAMENTO —
Get ready to remove your fingers from that tiny keyboard while driving .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Wednesday signed into law a measure banning motorists from text - messaging and e-mailing while operating a vehicle .
The law , written by Sen. Joe Simitian , D - Palo Alto , takes effect Jan . 1 .
“ Building on legislation already helping save lives in California , I am happy to sign this bill because it further encourages safe and responsible driving , ” Schwarzenegger said in a statement .
“ Banning electronic text - messaging while driving will keep drivers ’ hands on the wheel and their eyes on the road , making our roadways a safer place for all Californians . ”
Drivers caught using their phones to write , read or send messages will be hit with a $ 20 ticket the first time and $ 50 on each subsequent offense .
The penalty is a base fine , which is uniform across the state , but does not include the fees added by local municipalities .
Simitian also is the author of the law that requires motorists to use hands - free devices if they chat on the phone while driving .
That law went into effect July 1 .
He intended to ban texting shortly before the Legislature approved the hands - free law in 2006 , but decided against including the provision in order to improve the hands - free bill ’s chances of passage .
In pushing for the texting bill , Simitian cited a study that showed that the majority of people who text - message in the United States , also did so while driving .
The texting legislation , SB 28 , introduced in June , received overwhelming support in the Legislature .
“ Texting while driving seems so obviously unsafe , it ’s hard to believe anyone would attempt it , yet everyday observation tells us it ’s all too common , ” Simitian said .
“ I think this bill is a lifesaver . ”
Driver - safety proponents praised the law , though some said the fine is too small .
“ I think it ought to be $ 500 or $ 1,000 for the first time , and double every time thereafter ; it ’s the only way to get people ’s attention , ” said Steve Smith , a consultant to IBM and San Jose resident who gets irked when he sees drivers texting or talking into the phone .
“ It ’s clearly not a deterrent at $ 20 , ” he added , “ nor is it worth our enforcement time to hand our $ 20 tickets . ”
Simitian said the $ 20 base fine , which is the same amount for violating the hands - free law , “ is likely to cost you close to $ 100 out of pocket , ” once penalties and court costs are added .
A third law proposed by Simitian and signed by Schwarzenegger , which took effect July 1 , prohibits drivers under the age of 18 from operating a cell phone — whether using voice or text — at the steering wheel of a moving car .
Contact Edwin Garcia at egarcia@mercurynews.com or ( 916 ) 441-4651 .
64 - Bit Polymorphic Representation
Natural Representations with Bitmasks
val f : 'a → 'b → 'c
val f : 'a * Bool → 'b * Bool → 'c * Bool
val f : Bitmask → ' a → 'b → 'c
See Also
In a previous post , I discussed representations used for polymorphic parameters .
These special data representations are a contract between the language and the runtime which enables the runtime to traverse data structures to collect garbage .
I had neglected to mention this interesting variant of tagged representations that I had come across at one point , but which I believe is not in widespread use .
This representation uses full 64 - bit floating point representations for all polymorphic values , and encodes non-floating point data in the unused bits of NaN values .
IEEE 754 floating point numbers reserve 12 of the 64 bits for flagging NaN values , so the remaining bits are free to use for encoding integers , pointers , and so on .
I have n't found very much empirical data on this approach , but it looks promising .
The polymorphic representation is doubled in size , but the structure is unboxed .
Thus , the polymorphic function call overhead may be slightly higher , but garbage collector pressure is reduced since less boxing is needed .
Numerical code is likely to see the biggest speedups .
Also , this representation can be used to ensure that all values are properly 8 - byte aligned , which is often an efficiency gain in modern memory systems .
This also has the advantage of permitting unboxed floating point values , which is a significant slowdown for the other tagged representations .
A new representation I recently came across is being used in the SML # language .
Consider a typical tagged representation where 1 - bit is co-opted to distinguish integers from pointers .
Each polymorphic parameter must carry this 1 bit .
But there is no reason for this 1 bit to be contained within the parameter itself .
Consider lifting this 1 bit to an extra function parameter , so : becomes : The Bool is the flag indicating whether the parameter is a pointer or an integer .
But using a full function parameter to hold a single bit is a waste , so let 's coalesce all the Bool parameters into a single Bitmask : Bitmask can be an arbitrarily long sequence of bits , and each bit in the mask corresponds to the bit that would normally be in the pointer / integer representation of the corresponding parameter in a typical tagged representation .
By lifting the tag bit to an external parameter , we can now use full natural representations for all parameters .
Calling a polymorphic function now consists of masking and shifting to extract the bit for the given parameter , or assigning one if calling from a monomorphic function .
Bitmasks must also accompany polymorphic data structures .
The presence of any polymorphic type variable implies the requirement for a bitmask .
It 's also not clear how expensive this shifting is in relation to inline tag bits .
SML # does not yet have a native code compiler , so any comparisons to other SML compilers are n't representative .
However , the bitmask representation does not unbox floating point numbers , but a hybrid scheme with the above 64 - bit representation is possible .
Consider the lifted 1 - bit to indicate whether the parameter is word - sized ( 1 ) , or larger ( 0 ) .
Larger parameters require a full 64 - bit representation , while word - sized parameters do not .
The garbage collector thus skips any parameters of bitmask tag value 1 ( since they are unboxed integers ) , and analyzes any values of bitmask tag value 0 as a 64 - bit value .
If the 64 - bit is a NaN , the value is further analyzed to extract a single distinguished bit indicating whether it is a pointer .
If it is not a pointer , it is skipped ( since it is an unboxed floating point value ) .
If it is a pointer , the structure pointed to is traversed .
This last scheme provides natural representations for integers and floating point numbers , and expands the representation of pointers in polymorphic functions by one word .
Other tradeoffs are certainly possible .
The US - based human rights group International Christian Concern ( ICC ) , with Website www.persecution.org, told BosNewsLife that an Algerian court in the town of Ain Turk , 267 miles ( 430 kilometers ) from the capital Algiers , held a hearing on the Christians ’ fate October 16 .
Prosecutors demanded that the three Christians , identified as Youssef Ourahmane , Rachid Seghir and Hamid Ramdani , would be sentenced to " three years of prison and a fine of 500 euros ( $ 630 ) on charges of ‘ insulting Islam , its prophet and threatening the former professing Christian that complained against them ’ , " ICC said , citing local sources .
Earlier , a lower court reportedly already agreed with the punishment , but the accused Christians were apparently not present at the time of the ruling " The defendants then appealed the decision of the lower court on July 15 , 2008 .
The appeal court postponed the hearing until October 21 , 2008 , " ICC explained .
RADICAL MUSLIMS
The case against the three Christian men was reportedly brought by the public prosecutor with the help of a man identified as Shamouma Al - Aid .
He " converted " from Islam to Christianity for a period of time , but he continued to maintain relations with radical Muslims while attending churches and a Bible school , Christians said .
Later he reportedly " reconverted " to Islam and alleged that the three Christians were blaspheming Islam and its prophet Mohammed .
He also alleged that the Christians were threatening him for " reconverting " to Islam , " said ICC , which closely monitored the case .
The group stressed however that there was " a positive development " as a lawyer representing the Algerian Ministry of Religious Affairs said that " the rights of Algerian religious minorities should be respected . "
The court was to make its decision next Wednesday , October 29 .
REGIONAL MANAGER
ICC ’s Regional Manager for Africa , Jonathan Racho said his organization was concerned about the situation .
" As a member of the international community , the Algerian government has the obligation to respect the freedom of religion for its Christian minorities .
It is time for Algerian officials to carry out their obligations by ceasing to interfere with freedom of worship of the country ’s Christian minorities , " Racho added .
He said his rights group urged Christians " to pray for their Algerian brothers and sisters who are going through persecution . "
Christians and Jewish people comprise less than one percent of Algeria ’s mainly Muslim population of roughly 34 million people , according to the United States Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) .
Probable e1000e corruption culprit found ( and 2.6.27.1 released )
[ Kernel ] Posted Oct 16 , 2008 15:01 UTC ( Thu ) by corbet
The probable source of the famous e1000e bug has now been found : it appears to be the ftrace tracing framework .
In particular , it has to do with function tracing when modules are removed from the kernel .
Click below for details on where things went wrong .
Meanwhile , the - stable team has released 2.6.27.1 , which disables ftrace .
Full Story ( comments : 19 )
Shows how a gold - mantled ground squirrel at Crater Lake National Park has learned to solve problems connected with getting food .
Illustrates how an animal can learn to find food that is hidden from view or out of reach .
This is one of the AV Geeks favorite films , mostly because Squeak is somewhat of a working class hero who , in spite of what obstacles " the Man " puts in his way , always perseveres .
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : JayKay49 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 7 , 2018
Subject : I Call
It A Chipmunk I have one out back that taught himself that that human there carries peanuts in his left shirt pocket .
He taught himself to perch on my left shoulder ( no matter where or which way I sit ) and reach in and get the peanut .
Never perches on the right shoulder .
When fed by hand he only uses his paws to grab the peanut , never his mouth .
( good thing because I once got my finger to just touch his incisor which was needle sharp ) .
I never knew chipmunks can be so people friendly .
But just present them once or twice with a peanut and they will be there everyday waiting for you to show up .
Yes they can learn .
Cute intriguing film .
Does n't surprise me what squeak can learn ..
- December 7 , 2018I Call It A Chipmunk
Reviewer : ZelphX - - September 14 , 2018
Subject : Forgotten quotes ...
He 's coo-coo for nuts !
" No , that did n't work , let 's try again " .
- September 14 , 2018 Forgotten quotes ...
Reviewer : mapreader - - August 1 , 2016
Subject : Subtitle file for this video
https://archive.org/details/SqueakTheSqurrelSubtitles
Thanks for sharing this video .
Hello , I transcribed this video for an accessibility course I 'm taking .
If you are interested in downloading the file it can be found here : Thanks for sharing this video .
- August 1 , 2016 Subtitle file for this video
Reviewer : channel15 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 19 , 2016
Subject : Great film but has no one noticed ... that Squeak is a f*$@ing chipmunk ?! - May 19 , 2016
Great film but has no one noticed ...
Reviewer : Marzmay - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 4 , 2015
Subject : ADORABLE
I love this !
- April 4 , 2015ADORABLE
Reviewer : nolight - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 3 , 2006
Subject : nuts nuts nuts A squirrel is getting nuts .
- September 3 , 2006nuts nuts nuts
Reviewer : tirpider - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 2 , 2006
Subject :
My wife loved this !
I got a kiss AND a hug .
- September 2 , 2006
My wife loved this !
Reviewer : GE_Pretzel - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 12 , 2006
Subject : A future MENSA member ?
In this delightful animal psychology film , viewers are introduced to the titular squirrel as he moves about in his native environment .
Squeak briefly interacts with other squirrels , reacts to his reflection in a mirror , and consumes some peanuts from the hand of a patient young girl .
Shortly afterwards , however , the energetic fellow is held captive by researchers and placed into a laboratory setting complete with long pieces of string , wire screens , a glass tube , and a white box .
Through the careful placement of peanuts , Squeak is given the incentive that he needs to gradually solve various puzzles set forth by the hands of an unknown individual .
The film provides a sterling example of how animals that find themselves outside of their habitat can learn new skills after observing their surroundings and the potential functions of the objects in their vicinity .
It would be nice to see Squeak solve a Rubick 's Cube with his resourceful little hands , but he 's probably need a fair amount of time to make any considerable progress .
- May 12 , 2006A future MENSA member ?
Reviewer : Spuzz - favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 18 , 2006
Subject : Animal Psychology for kids !
Interesting film that starts out as a nature film ( and again , the nature film is something we see far too little of here on the archive ) about a cute plucky squirrel named Squeek , who is out in the wild eating nuts and what not .
Soon , we find out heÃÂÃÂs adapted to humans so much that he will eat of your hand !
So that ÃÂÃÂs a good opportunity to kidnap squeak and put him in a cage to do simplistic science experiments on him !
These experiments donÃÂÃÂt border beyond the ÃÂÃÂpull the string for the nutÃÂÃÂ , but itÃÂÃÂs sure curious on how this film develops .
- January 18 , 2006 Animal Psychology for kids !
Reviewer : dog from Nightwatch - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 20 , 2005
Subject : Cute and interesting .
A rather nice little film which looks at the learning ability in squirrels .
It 's amusing and informative at the same time .
- September 20 , 2005 Cute and interesting .
Reviewer : MortyW - favorite favorite favorite - August 1 , 2005
Subject : Squeak the Squirrrel Interesting , but the sound was jerky - on and off , half the time !
- August 1 , 2005 Squeak the Squirrrel
The Royal Bank of Scotland has advised clients to brace for a full - fledged crash in global stock and credit markets over the next three months as inflation paralyses the major central banks .
" A very nasty period is soon to be upon us - be prepared , " said Bob Janjuah , the bank 's credit strategist .
A report by the bank 's research team warns that the S&P 500 index of Wall Street equities is likely to fall by more than 300 points to around 1050 by September as " all the chickens come home to roost " from the excesses of the global boom , with contagion spreading across Europe and emerging markets .
Read more posts by the author of Spleeens ! ,
LUCKY 13 ….
That ’s a lot of cars .
When you have seven homes , that ’s a lot of garages to fill .
After the fuss over the number of residences owned by the two presidential nominees , NEWSWEEK looked into the candidates ’ cars .
And based on public vehicle - registration records , here ’s the score .
John and Cindy McCain : 13 . Barack and Michelle Obama : one .
One vehicle in the McCain fleet has caused a small flap .
United Auto Workers president Ron Gettelfinger , an Obama backer , accused McCain this month of “ flip - flopping ” on who bought daughter Meghan ’s foreign - made Toyota Prius .
McCain said last year that he bought it , but then told a Detroit TV station on Sept. 7 that Meghan “ bought it , I believe , herself . ”
( The McCain campaign did not respond to multiple requests for comment . )
A month ago , the McCain campaign launched a television ad that told voters , “ Life in the spotlight must be grand , but for the rest of us times are tough . ”
And the obvious response to McCain continues to be , “ What do you mean , ‘ us ’ ? ”
Truth be told , I really do n’t much care about McCain ’s lavish wealth .
His second wife is part of a very rich family , and it stands to reason that the couple , in addition to owning a lot of homes , is going to own a lot of cars .
I guess that ’s what extraordinarily wealthy people do .
The problem , though , is that McCain is offering a policy agenda that presupposes everyone is doing as well as the McCains .
He wants more tax breaks for the very wealthy .
He ’s opposed increases to the minimum wage — 19 times .
He ’s insisted that we ’ve experienced “ great progress ” economically under the Bush administration ’s policies .
In the face of a crisis , McCain wants everyone to believe the “ fundamentals of the economy are strong . ”
With 13 cars and more homes than he can count , McCain ’s credibility on these issues could be better .
Private investigators said recruited to aid voter caging Stephen C. Webster
Published : Monday November 3 , 2008
Print This Email This
Is the Republican National Committee hiring private investigators to help Republican lawyers deny contest voters ?
A Monday report from the New Mexico Independent asserts that Investigator David ONiell contacted the paper after being approached by a recruiter with the California firm SETEC Investigations , Todd Stefan .
He expressed concerns that the RNC would be employing the PI 's to work closely with their legal team to ' cage ' voters at the polls on election day .
ONiell told the paper he believes he was contacted because his Web site touts his more than 20 years of experience as a federal law enforcement agent .
In order to ' cage ' a voter -- historically a Republican tactic -- an attorney must challenge the ballot in person at the polls and provide some sort of evidence that the voter is not properly registered .
Typically , this scheme employs returned mail , lists of foreclosures , and other government databases .
A private investigator could be particularly helpful to partisan lawyers seeking to challenge voters , as they would have access to and knowledge of specific databases which may contain information that could disqualify a ballot .
Stefan , the recruiter , denied any affiliation with the RNC , but added : " I dont fully know whos involved .
This is something that , Ill be honest , I m a little bit skittish about . "
" We are very troubled to hear this information and we think it raises serious questions about programs that the RNC is running , " said Jenny Backus , a spokeswoman for the Obama campaign .
The RNC did not comment on the report .
 We wouldnt even take that case if they asked us ,  one private investigator quoted by the paper said .
 There s a wide spectrum of stuff that investigators can do , but that s nothing we would do .
Whoever gets elected gets elected . "
Vote challengers from both party are allowed to contest a voter 's status in many areas of the United States .
" In New Mexico , challengers may challenge voters if they are not legally registered , their names are on the ' purged ' list , they are listed as having received absentee ballots or if they are not ' qualified ' electors , " the Independent notes .
" A qualified elector is someone who is not eligible to vote in New Mexico because , for example , he or she is not a U.S. citizen . "
The paper 's full report is available here .
Word of more investigators being recruited for voter caging is just another development in a story the Independent has been hot on the trail of ever since receiving a report of an investigator intimidating an elderly female voter .
In a previous report , GOP attorney Pat Rogers refused to confirm or deny visits with private investigator Al Romero .
Previously , the GOP had cited 10 examples of voters who are ineligible to cast ballots ; a move which Project Vote -- an organization that works with ACORN -- loudly condemned as false , and asserted the aforementioned voters are indeed eligible .
Two of the 10 New Mexico voters were visited by Al Romero , according to the Independent .
Guadalupe Bojorquez , a 67 - year - old woman , was reportedly intimidated by Romero outside her home in Albuquerque .
After putting Romero on the phone with her son , and pressing him on who he works for , " He told me he worked for Pat Rogers , " said Bojorquez .
Rogers is not a newcomer to playing hardball with democracy .
In 2004 and 2006 , he made claims of voter fraud , and was cited in a Department of Justice report ( PDF link ) as a complainant against former US Attorney David Iglesias , a central figure in the ' Attorneygate ' scandal that brought down ex-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
Iglesias has called the GOP 's anti-fraud efforts a " scare tactic . "
When a writer with the Independent called Romero , the private investigator , he was said to be unavailable .
" When I asked ' With whom am I speaking ? ' he said , ' Hello ? Hello ? Hello ? ' about five times and then hung up , " claims the report .
" I called back and got what sounded like the exact same voice saying , ' You have reached the voicemail of Alfredo Romero . ' "
in /tech / erlang
During my time off between jobs , I decided to spend some time doing fun hacking .
For the last couple days , that ’s meant doing a little benchmarking with Erlang .
Recently , there was a challenge posted by Cedric Beust .
In the wrap - up he lamented that the one Erlang solution posted was “ a bit frightening ” and neither concise nor fast .
Part of this conclusion , I think , was due to the poor formatting of blog comments , and part because the comment submitter included a whole lot of test code and also reimplemented some library functions for no obvious reason .
I modified it to use the standard libraries where appropriate , and made a couple other minor optimizations and got about a 3 x speed - up .
It ’s still much , much slower than the top submission , which is because the top submission is clever , and this is still a brute - force implementation .
I then set out to port the “ crazybob ” solution to Erlang to see how much better we can do .
The Java version uses a hand - rolled linked list to keep track of the available digits .
I decided to use a gb_set for my version .
For small N it ’s a bit slower than the brute - force version , but the scaling is much better .
For N=10 ^10 , it runs in about 26s on my laptop .
This is still something like 50 - 100 times slower than the Java version , but I ’m also not using HiPE , which might close the gap a bit .
I suspect this is not the fastest possible Erlang implementation , because the heavy use of gb_sets is undoubtedly causing a lot of memory churn .
It ’s been pointed out that this is basically a problem of generating permutations , which ought to be possible to do with near constant memory usage .
Here are the results of my benchmarking , and the code .
For each data point , I ran the code 3 times and took the middle value .
For the brute force versions the timings were very consistent , while the “ fast ” version had 10 - 20 % variation between the run , presumably due to vagaries of memory allocation .
I did not actually run the brute force algorithms for 10 ^10 ; the values are generated by extrapolating linearly .
Update : Hynek ( Pichi ) Vychodil wrote a faster version , bringing us within a factor of 10 or so of Java ( and still not using HiPE ) .
Oddly , there ’s a bigger speedup for this version on my machine ( 26s vs 5s ) than on Hynek ’s ( 18s vs 8s ) .
See important updates in the following post
The price of gene sequencing is falling fast and Helicos BioSciences is poised to push it down even further — perhaps below the $ 1,000 mark .
This video offers a beautiful look at their technology .
Other companies are working toward cheaper sequences as well .
Early this month , Applied Biosystems announced that its SOLiD 3 system will be able to sequence a whole human genome for $ 10,000 .
Within a week , startup company Complete Genomics declared that it could accomplish the same task for half of that price .
From a review of medical licensing :
By almost all accounts , the quality of services consumers get from non-physician clinicians is at least on par with what they would get from a physician performing the same services .
Dozens of peer - reviewed studies compare outcomes in situations where patients are treated by a physician , a physician assistant , or an advanced practice nurse .
Outcomes appear similar [ 15 ] – an important factor , considering that non-physician clinicians can provide many services at a much lower cost . …
A review of more than 50 studies by the American Medical Association ’s Council on Medical Education found that the peer reviewed studies " almost uniformly conclude that . . . a non-physician clinician .
. . can provide an acceptable level of care . "
The Council did note that some observers find serious flaws in the literature , including small samples , lack of control subjects , and failure to control for differences in the severity of illness treated by physicians and non-physician clinicians .
Nevertheless , physician groups are unable to point to studies showing worse health outcomes with mid-level clinicians .
Again a deafening silence .
Dozens of studies over decades consistently find no patient health differences between expensive docs and cheaper clinicians , but there is zero momentum to let clinicians replace docs – policy trends go the other way .
The " establishment " complains about flaws in existing studies , but feels no need to do better studies .
What is the point of social science if even relatively clear important results are ignored ?
Do n’t tell me this is just because the public has n’t heard about these studies – the media covers lots of med news they think the public wants to hear .
My local paper has a whole weekly health section .
Obviously the media does n’t think the public wants to hear how they can drastically reduce med costs without sacrificing health .
Medicine is not about health .
School is not about Learning .
FYI , here are some of those many studies :
[ 15 ] Richard O. Nenstiel et al. , " Allied Health and Physician Assistants : A Progressive Partnership , " Journal of Allied Health 26 ( 1997 ) : 133-35 ; Teresa M. O’Connor and Roderick S.Hooker , " Extending Rural and Remote Medicine with a New Type of Health Worker : Physician Assistants , " Australian Journal of Rural Health 15 ( 2007 ) : 346-51 ; Justine Strand , Nancy M. Short , and Elizabeth G. Korb , " The Roles and Supply of Nurse - Midwives , Nurse Practitioners , and Physician Assistants in North Carolina , " North Carolina Medical Journal 68( 2007 ) : 184-85 ; Peter J.Zed , Peter S. Loewen , and Peter J. Jewesson , " A Response to the ACP - ASIM Position Paper on Pharmacist Scope of Practice , " American Journal of Health - System Pharmacy 59 ( 2002 ) : 1453 - 57 ; Michael J. Dacey et al. , " The Effect of Rapid Response Team on Major Clinical Outcome Measures in a Community Hospital , " Critical Care Medicine 35 ( 2007 ) : 2076 - 82 ; R. Tamara Konetzka , William Spector , and M. Rhona Limcangco , " Reducing Hospitalizations from Long - Term Care Settings , " Medical Care Research and Review 2007 .
F. J. van den Biggelaar , P. J. Nelemans , and K. Flobbe , Performance of Radiographers in Mammogram Interpretation : A Systematic Review , " Breast , 2007 ; James D. Woodburn , Kevin L. Smith , and Glen D. Nelson , " Quality of Care in the Retail Health Care Setting Using National Clinical Guidelines for Acute Pharyngitis , " American Journal of Medical Quality 22 ( 2007 ) : 457-62 ; Daisha J.Cipher , Roderick S.Hooker , and Patricia Guerra , " Prescribing Trends by Nurse Practitioners and Physician Assistants in the United States . "
Journal of the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners 18 ( 2006 ) : 291-96 ; Morton Kern , " Letter from the Editor : The Scope of Practice in the Cath Lab : Are There Limits as to What Cath Lab Staff Should Do ? " Cath Lab Digest 14 ( 2006 ) : 6 - 8 ; Leah S. Sansbury et al. , " Physicians ’ Use of Nonphysician Healthcare Providers for Colorectal Cancer Screening , " American Journal of PreventiveMedicine 25 ( 2003 ) : 179-86 ; G. Wivell et al .
" Can Radiographers Read Screening Mammograms ? " Clinical Radiology 58 ( 2003 ) : 63 -67 ; Roderick S. Hooker and Linda F. McCaig , " Use of Physician Assistants and Nurse Practitioners in Primary Care , 1995 - 1999 , " Health Affairs 20 ( 2001 ) : 231-38 ; Roderick .S. Hooker and Linda F. McCaig , " Emergency Department Uses of Physician Assistants and Nurse Practitioners : A National Survey , " American Journal of Emergency Medicine 14 ( 1996 ) : 245-49 ; Gary M. Karlowicz and Jennifer L. McMurray , " Comparison of Neonatal Nurse Practitioners ’ and Pediatric Residents ’ Care of Extremely Low - Birth - Weight Infants , " Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine 154 ( 2000 ) : 1123 - 26 .
For additional citations , see Shirley Svorny , Physicians and Non-Physician Clinicians : Where Does Quality Assurance Come From ? " in What Can States Do to Reform Healthcare , ed. John Graham ( San Francisco : Pacific Research Institute,2006 ) , pp.67 -82 .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
What has shocked many people in China , even those used to a heavily censored media , is how many people knew about the problem before it went public .
Initial investigations by the government suggest that Sanlu first started receiving complaints in December of last year .
By March , the number of complaints was sufficient for it to start its own inquiries .
In May , a baby died in Gansu province in the far west and , by July , authorities there were concerned enough about the number of sick infants that they called in the ministry of health .
Gansu officials suspected Sanlu was to blame – it was the only food many of the babies had consumed .
Since telling Joe the Plumber of his wish to " spread the wealth around , " Barack Obama is being called a socialist .
Is he one ?
No .
At least not in the classic sense of the term .
" Socialism " originally meant government ownership of the major means of production and finance , such as land , coal mines , steel mills , automobile factories , and banks .
A principal promise of socialism was to replace the alleged uncertainty of markets with the comforting certainty of a central economic plan .
No more guessing what consumers will buy next year and how suppliers and rival firms will behave : everyone will be led by government 's visible hand to play his and her role in an all - encompassing central plan .
The " wastes " of competition , cycles of booms and busts , and the " unfairness " of unequal incomes would be tossed into history 's dustbin .
Of course , socialism utterly failed .
But it was n't just a failure of organization or efficiency .
By making the state the arbiter of economic value and social justice , as well as the source of rights , it deprived individuals of their liberty – and tragically , often their lives .
The late Robert Heilbroner – a socialist for most of his life – admitted after the collapse of the Iron Curtain that socialism " was the tragic failure of the twentieth century .
Born of a commitment to remedy the economic and moral defects of capitalism , it has far surpassed capitalism in both economic malfunction and moral cruelty . "
This failure was unavoidable .
It was predicted from the start by wise economists , such as F.A. Hayek , who understood that no government agency can gather and process all the knowledge necessary to plan the productive allocation of millions of different resources .
Likewise , socialism 's requirement that each person behave in ways prescribed by government planners is a recipe for tyranny .
A central plan , by its nature , denies to individuals the right to choose and to innovate .
It replaces a multitude of individual plans – each of which can be relatively easily adjusted in light of competitive market feedback – with one gigantic , monopolistic , and politically favored plan .
A happy difference separating today from the 1930s is that , unlike back then , no serious thinkers or groups in America now push for this kind of full - throttle socialism .
But what about a milder form of socialism ?
If reckoned as an attitude rather than a set of guidelines for running an economy , socialism might well describe Senator Obama 's economics .
Anyone who speaks glibly of " spreading the wealth around " sees wealth not as resulting chiefly from individual effort , initiative , and risk - taking , but from great social forces beyond any private producer 's control .
If , say , the low cost of Dell computers comes mostly from government policies ( such as government schooling for an educated workforce ) and from culture ( such as Americans ' work ethic ) then Michael Dell 's wealth is due less to his own efforts and more to the features of the society that he luckily inhabits .
Wealth , in this view , is produced principally by society .
So society 's claim on it is at least as strong as that of any of the individuals in whose bank accounts it appears .
More important , because wealth is produced mostly by society ( rather than by individuals ) , taxing high - income earners more heavily will do little to reduce total wealth production .
This notion of wealth certainly warrants the name " socialism , " for it gives the abstraction " society " pride of place over flesh - and - blood individuals .
If taxes are reduced on Joe the Plumber 's income , the rationale must be that Joe deserves a larger share of society 's collectively baked pie and not that Joe earned his income or that lower taxes will inspire Joe to work harder .
This " socialism - lite , " however , is as specious as is classic socialism .
And its insidious nature makes it even more dangerous .
Across Europe , this " mild " form of socialism acts as a parasitic ideology that has slowly drained entrepreneurial energy – and freedoms – from its free - market host .
Could it happen in America ?
Consider the words of longtime Socialist Party of America presidential candidate Norman Thomas : " The American people will never knowingly adopt socialism , but under the name of liberalism , they will adopt every fragment of the socialist program until one day America will be a socialist nation without ever knowing how it happened . "
In addition to Medicare , Social Security , and other entitlement programs , the gathering political momentum toward single - payer healthcare – which Obama has proclaimed is his ultimate goal – shows the prescience of Thomas 's words .
The fact that each of us depends upon the efforts of millions of others does not mean that some " society " transcending individuals produces our prosperity .
Rather , it means that the vast system of voluntary market exchange coordinates remarkably well the efforts of millions of individuals into a productive whole .
For Obama to suggest that government interfere in this process more than it already does – to " spread " wealth from Joe to Bill , or vice versa – overlooks not only the voluntary and individual origins of wealth , but the dampening of the incentives for people to contribute energetically to wealth 's continued production .
• Donald J. Boudreaux is professor of economics at George Mason University .
He is the author of " Globalization . "
The Foo Fighters say the use of track " perverts the original sentiment " US rock band the Foo Fighters have told John McCain to stop using song My Hero in his presidential campaign , saying it " tarnishes " the track .
The band said it had been " appropriated without our knowledge " .
But a Republican spokesman said the party had licences to play " millions of different songs " .
Acts including Heart have all asked Mr McCain to stop using their songs , while soul singer Sam Moore has asked the same of Democrat rival Barack Obama .
The Foo Fighters , fronted by former Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl , said they found out their song was being used through reports .
Cease - and - desist
The band said in a statement : " The saddest thing about this is that My Hero was written as a celebration of the common man and his extraordinary potential .
" To have it appropriated without our knowledge and used in a manner that perverts the original sentiment of the lyric just tarnishes the song . "
The saddest thing about this is that My Hero was written as a celebration of the common man and his extraordinary potential
Foo Fighters Republican spokesman Brian Rogers said the campaign " respects copyright " .
" Accordingly , this campaign has obtained and paid for licences from performing rights organisations , giving us permission to play millions of different songs , including My Hero . "
Earlier this month , Heart singers Ann and Nancy Wilson said they had sent a cease - and - desist letter asking the Republicans not to use their 1977 track Barracuda .
They called in lawyers after vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin used the track at a party rally .
And , in August , it was announced that singer Jackson Browne , 59 , was suing McCain for using his hit song Running on Empty in an advert for his campaign .
Browne , who is seeking more than $ 75,000 ( £ 40,000 ) in damages , claimed the advert was an infringement of copyright and will lead people to conclude he endorses McCain .
The Republicans called the legal action a " big to - do about nothing " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The first thing I ’d say is we ’re appalled as well .
These are our fellow soldiers .
These are the people we work with every day , and they represent us .
They wear the same uniform as us , and they let their fellow soldiers down …
Our soldiers could be taken prisoner as well .
And we expect our soldiers to be treated well by the adversary , by the enemy .
And if we can't hold ourselves up as an example of how to treat people with dignity and respect …
We can't ask that other nations to that to our soldiers as well . [...]
So what would I tell the people of Iraq ?
This is wrong .
This is reprehensible .
But this is not representative of the 150,000 soldiers that are over here [...]
I 'd say the same thing to the American people ...
Do n't judge your army based on the actions of a few .
I guarantee that while the military claims that they do n't know what happened , the soldiers ' companies know just about every detail , especially with murderers and rapists running free .
Sexism in the military comes where and when and from whom you least expect it .
When the military is good for women , it 's better than civilian life ever can be ; when it 's bad , it 's a lynching party for women .
The standard depends not on regulations , but on commanders , and there 's subtle ways that they can show the ( male ) troops that the bitches do n't matter .
If your commander cracks down on sexist language without resorting to sarcasm , without blaming ' PC ' or ' over sensitive people ' , you 've got a keeper , and many men rise to the occasion because they see it as a simple matter of justice .
Those men and their regard for the women they serve with are being betrayed by others .
Women are being raped , assaulted , and murdered , and men in power are letting them get away with it .
What are they doing to Iraqis ?
What are theyto do to civilians when they get home ?
Theof cases at Ft. Bragg provides a clue ; men get home , surrounded by the same people they served with and whatever secrets they have , and their wife — their underling , their possession , their servant — mouths off or something and they kill her .
It seems pretty apparent that men who do n't regard women in this way do n't do this kind of thing .
It also seems pretty apparent in the way these cases surface and fade from the public consciousness that this is not a military problem , but a societal one .
After all , we live in the culture these soldiers come from .
The military might be a mostly boys - only club , but a lot of those boys come from single parent homes , and a lot of the men grow up loving and respecting women .
It takes a single voice to stop these crooked investigations .
It took a single soldier to expose Abu Ghraib ; now he 's in hiding for betraying , our .
The leaders are complicit in it , because in the military the buck stops at the top , even though it 's lower - ranking enlisted or women in general who get punished .
A drill Sgt. at the Aberdeen Proving Grounds was convicted of eighteen counts of rape and got six months .
That 's ten days per rape .
The public ate up the story of Jessica Lynch , who told the truth the first chance she got .
Shoshonna Johnston , however — not so much .
A WOC , with a kid , taken captive ?
Too many echoes there .
It 's not like black women have ever been taken captive before in this culture .
Pat Tilman was killed by his own men , and coincidentally , a huge liberal who'd had disagreements with fellow soldiers before .
It 's a tragedy — but is it deliberate ?
When you look at the information the military suppresses , it 's not merely fear of exposure that they 're afraid of .
In case after case , the investigators go to some effort to suppress , deny , and cover up .
This is not the Army way of doing things , this is not what they tell you to do in Basic , what you look up to when you find yourself with military bosses who look out for you before you even know there 's a problem .
This is a betrayal of everything everyone who loves the military loves most .
If the military were eager to avoid shame and repercussions , here 's the way to do it .
Announce what happened , punish the wrong doer severely , and care for the victim .
Investigate fully and openly .
Make sure the changes take .
If you want an honorable military and stand - up soldiers , that 's what you do .
However , this is a new military .
It 's still all - volunteer , but it 's been run into the ground by two wars , and it 's hurting for bodies .
The military needs women to fill gaps , and even so they 're still accepting recruits with criminal records .
Add to that the unreconstructed sexism of our culture , which is intensified in a macho , nearly all - male environment , and you have a recipe for rape and harassment , and , yes , even murder .
Maybe especially murder , because these guys have sat through the same briefings I have , where rape accusations are discussed as if 15 % of the soldiers — the women — were committing fully 50 % of the assaults , and where lots of time is devoted to false accusations and those lying whores who make them .
The military briefing urges ' people ' to avoid alcohol , but it states that 52 % of rapes ' happen ' when alcohol is a. 48 % is nothing to sneeze at — it's well within the margin for error — but that brings up the specter of the cold , calculating sober rapist , while everyone knows that soldiers drink and hahaha you should just keep to your barracks room if you do n't want trouble .
When soldiers ( men , that is ) drink , they just get a little excited .
After all , they spend all their time doing hard jobs , what do you want ?
Women are never accepted as soldiers in this milieu , in this discussion , just the way they 're missing from the public discussion of soldiers , combat , and treatment .
Female soldiers are discussed in terms of attractiveness , marital status , and reproductive results , but male soldiers are never identified as someone's .
Making women second class citizens is what the culture at large does to women , so why is it any surprise that men do it in the military ?
Once you 're second class , well , you 're an acceptable victim .
When you speak up , you 're confusing the paradigm , so the best thing to do is sweep aside the accuser and forget about it .
The word soldier these days is short hand for 'he does n't need to rape ' , and if he does n't need to rape , he does n't need to torture , either , even if those brown - skinned terrorists ask for it .
The military response to Abu Ghraib is instructive .
Exposed by a specialist , the accusations were horrifying and all too true , but the military concentrated on damage control .
One female general and a bunch of lower - ranking soldiers took the fall , but the face of the scandal was not the higher - ranking people but one female soldier : Lynndie England , who got hit by a double whammy ; being a torturer was never in doubt with her , and besides , she was aand women are supposed to be morethan men , did n't you know ?
This pedestal technique , which hit England twice — once on the way up , so to say , and once on the way down — is a way of extorting more work from women while shutting them up silently .
England was judged by the standard and founding wanting , then subjected to more criticism because she failed to meet it .
She was a single mom , but Specialist Charles Granger was a wife beater who somehow evaded the military 's prohibition on wife beaters , and also avoided becoming the face of the scandal .
England had a child with him , but he was never referred to an unwed dad or a ' single father ' — the far more complimentary term applied to men with children .
In fact , Granger 's alleged history of a wife - beating should have been the subject of an investigation by itself , but it surfaced briefly and disappeared .
So do a lot of these accusations .
Wife beaters in the military are supposed to be restricted from contact with weapons , which ends a lot of careers .
Because the military is based on men and men's needs , not a lot of careers are ultimately damaged by these regulations .
If being a ' pussy ' or a whiner is the worst thing you can be , then tuning up such a person is no big deal and might in fact represent a public service .
If your family is n't safe from you , then how safe is the general public ?
How safe are Iraqis ?
How safe is anybody , when service members leave the service with its pesky UCMJ regs and become members of the lawless , gun- and rape - happy Blackwater ?
The military hasall the right things , but the execution is lacking .
Take , for example .
Brig .
Gen. Mark Kimmet , talking about Abu Ghraib : So far , so good .
And here he veers off into base practicality , which ought to be beneath someone discussing the honor of the military .
This needsjustification , so why is he justifying it ?
Why does he need reasons to behave this way ?
Such as this :
It took Hugh Thompson , the hero of My Lai , thirty years to find recognition for doing what all soldiers should be doing : protecting the helpless and doing the right thing .
Kimmet 's justification for not using torture is an attempt to find a reason for decency , as if it 's not its own justification .
If a general needs a reason , then imagine some low life who joined the military from a white supremacist group or a drug gang 's thought processes : no justification needed .
It 's just okay to attack women .
( One thing that continually surprises me is how the sexism of these two groups is completely invisible .
Racism is an official or group activity , but sexism is a private one , every man to his own standards , so it 's okay . )
The military , of course , has regulations against rape and wife - beating , but though the wife - beating rate in the military is estimated to be twice that of the civilian population , punishments do not match the percentage .
I use wife - beating , by the way , because so many military spouses are not in the military , and therefore have no standing if the husband 's attacker is sexist .
Recently , the DOD defied a a subpoena and refused to allow a key sexual assault expert to testify before Congress .
This not the mark of a department that wishes to clean house and fix the problem .
This is desperate ass covering , and the worst thing about all this , all of this , is the suspicion that they 're covering their asses not with the general public but with their own soldiers .
If regulations against sexism and its offspring , rape , abuse , harassment , beating , and murder were enforced , many male soldiers in the military would simply defect or quit .
( Of course , many would simply shrug and go back to their jobs because this is what they 'd been doing all along . )
Still others now have the option of joining Blackwater , for huge salaries , unlimited ammo , and no checks whatsoever on their behavior .
This is the same thing threatened when the military desegregated itself , but there 's a difference .
The people who integrated the military were men .
A man can look at another man and see another person .
Too many men , civilian and military alike , see a woman and do not see a person .
Why change the military on behalf of non-persons who are n't in combat , who are n't real soldiers , who are just there to get some money and get out , and who by their very presence are distracting and detrimental to unit cohesion ?
Why indeed ?
Every time the military covers up a murder as a suicide , they are answering that question :
We wo n't .
Every time a military briefing about rape is given over to sexist slurs against women —
" They just lie about it anyway ; go to a whore instead ; you pay for sex no matter what ; they just change their mind afterward " — military men get the message that all the regs in the world do n't matter one bit on the ground , that it 's business as usual , except in the military it 's easier .
The message is n't being sent to the public .
It 's being sent to men , both in and out of the military .
Evidently , it 's being received , loud and clear .
Crossposted . )
Gone are the days of expensive and time consuming motion - capture techniques .
Contour reality is what could possibly replace it in the near feature .
Continue reading to see more .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Overview
Utilizing the Unreal 3 graphics engine , the Contour reality capture system generates photo - realistic CG human faces in real - time , running on a system powered by dual NVIDIA 8800 GTX cards .
Basically , the performers covered in phosphorescent makeup , which then is tracked by multiple cameras and imaged for 3D geometry .
This technology was built specifically for the video game industry .
Video
Most people know by now that Polaroid recently stopped manufacturing film cameras and all the Polaroid film types .
I do n’t think the general public was really prepared in advance for the loss of an American institution such as Polaroid instant photography , but we who love Polaroid photography got our first taste of what can only be described as panic when we began to see seemingly innocuous notices such as this one , announcing the end of manufacture of Time - Zero film , on Polaroid ’s website .
The author wrote in a cordial understatement , “ We realise that this is disappointing news for our loyal SX - 70 users and we would like to underline that , although the circumstances made it inevitable , it was not an easy decision …
We are very sorry for the inconvenience . ”
If by inconvenience the writer meant the first time in the history of photography that an entire medium would be taken away from the photographers who loved and used it , then it was a convenience .
For me , though , it was much , much more than an inconvenience .
I was one of the many artists who had come to rely almost solely on Polaroid film types to express my passion for instances of light .
Since I have only 82 shots left of my favorite film , which is Time - Zero film , I have devised ways to work with and view my Time - Zero Polas without having to use more of the film just yet .
It was when I began sorting my Polas into categories according to the degree to which the film was or was not expired that a story emerged .
I was surprised to see how the story of my development as a photographer paralleled the story of the decline of the excellent film ; my style was growing a little more “ esoteric ” to match the effects I was getting from the expired film .
Even the beginning of the story is a bit sad , because there will never be fresh Time - Zero film again .
Everything that remains is expired , but there was once the film that I affectionately call Painted Light .
The dreamlike and painterly qualities of Time - Zero film are really accentuated by the use of a camera such as the Pronto !
B , which lacks the ability to accurately focus on an image .
Instead , the photographer estimates the distance of the subject and sets a dial accordingly .
A 1960s wedding gown makes the perfect nostalgic subject for a Polaroid .
This is my mother ’s 1962 wedding gown .
The camera was the Pronto !
B . The model , once again , is Lindsay .
The girlfriend of my oldest son , she is one of my favorite models .
The light becomes her , and she becomes light …
The image of this peony in evening light was taken with my favorite camera , the Polaroid SX - 70 Model 2 .
Because the SX - 70 ( aperture range f/8- f/22 ) determines how wide its aperture will be based on the available light , the photographer has very little control over the depth of field , except to choose the lighting that will result in the desired aperture width .
I ’ve gotten to know my SX - 70 quite well , how it will behave under different lighting conditions , and so forth .
I actually gravitate towards lower light settings for the SX - 70 .
The aperture opens up nice and wide , which really yields some dreamlike results with Time - Zero film .
This simple peony appears almost painted .
It is the color of dreaming …
The next photo is one of my favorite portraits of my daughter …
It is n’t a surprise to those of us who know and love her that , when she finds a piece of wood on the beach , she picks it up , draws a face on it , and names it …
In this case , she named it Chunky .
“ Some ideas arrive in the form of a dream … ”
– The Log Lady in David Lynch ’s and Mark Frost ’s Twin Peaks
Time - Zero interprets light with grace and perhaps a bit of magic …
A detail from vintage signage that is still in use in Grand Marais , MN :
Late summer …
How can a body be so filled with possibility ( of love and of drenching the senses with sensations from an almost autumn afternoon ) that really it is too much for the senses ?
Finally , here is a loose quote in Time - Zero of a portrait of O’Keeffe by Stieglitz .
Time - Zero film , whose sad disappearance was a result of a series of complicated and unforunate events , is an exquisite and extraordinary film type , and its beauty and elegance is painfully underscored by the stranger and darker iterations resulting from its aging .
I wish future photographers would be fortunate enough to have the opportunity and pleasure of working with it , but they will only be able to enjoy its finery by looking at the Polaroids of others .
The blog is the first in a series chronicling the film in its transition from painted light to its bittersweet decline .
The first in a series chronicling the transitions and decline of an aristocrat of film types , Polaroid Time - Zero film …
Polaroids by Elinor Scott - Sutter .
Portrait of a Polaroid
Painted Light
Fire & Ice
The Blues
Memento
A Geek on Hallowe'en
This blog entry is about design and design process using Hallowe 'en as a delivery vehicle .
In early September , I started thinking about Hallowe 'en .
I 've always loved the holiday with its unbridled opportunity for creativity .
Unfortunately , with my active family life , it 's hard to devote as much time to it as I have in the past .
I spent some time talking to my spouse about it and how we wanted Hallowe 'en to be for our family and both she and I are on the same page for making things to enhance our house .
We want our house to become " that house " .
You know the one .
I own a smoke machine and in previous years , I 've set it up on the front porch with the manual remote running into a window so that when kids come to the door , we could send out a burst of smoke behind them .
I had one kid jump off my porch in surprise .
It was worth it .
The problem is that working the remote is a bit of a pain , so I decided to try to build automation for it .
The design goals were :
Needs to be able to detect when children arrive
Needs to be able to trigger the smoke machine
Needs to be able to detect when the smoke machine is ready
Needs to be expandable for future use
Now keep in mind that not only am I decidedly NOT an electrical engineer , I 've never even taken electronics courses .
I have a cursory understanding of circuitry and typically view digital circuitry as programming with a crummy editor .
I dismantled the smoke machine remote and looked it over - a couple of surprises - the machine was running AC right into the remote as the indicator lamp is a neon lamp ( fairly standard part ) and the switch was rated for AC .
This told me that I would probably need a relay to switch the AC .
I wanted to try using solid state relays rather than coil relays for silent operation .
I also decided that I would try to build an IR beam crosser like you have in the entranceway to some stores .
I could mount it on two posts on my porch as an photometric trip wire .
So I read a little bit and while my kids watched The Muppet Show , I sketched up some ideas and notes from the remote :
I had three separate units - the smoke machine activator ( relay ) , the smoke machine ready detector and the trip wire .
My intent was to glue them all together with a microcontroller .
Since I was already familiar with it , I chose the Parallax Basic Stamp , in particular the Stamp I , which has plenty of power for this task and is cheap enough .
With 8 input pins , I was in good shape to grow a system that could in the future flash lights , servos or sound as needed .
The smoke machine ready detector was based on a hunch - if thought that if I could drive a red indicator light from the smoke machine than an phototransistor ( most of which are IR sensitive ) might have a good chance of picking up the signal .
You can see that the trip wire was the most struggling for my poor little brain .
I referred often to Forrest Mimm 's optoelectronics book - very helpful .
Finally , I ordered parts .
I have a Parallax Basic Stamp II system kicking around , and I thought I 'd do initial prototyping and experimentation on that then downgrade it to the Stamp I when it arrived - good thing - shipping on the Stamp I was slow .
Meantime , I also bought a Labor Day closeout on a chest cooler in order to make a fog chiller .
I picked one day a week to sit down after the kids went to sleep to hack on this project .
In the process , I found the following :
The " new old stock " solid state relays I bought were either DOA or I could n't drive them from the microcontroller .
I suspect dead .
Instead of ordering more , I decided to switch to coil relays and to save shipping time , I picked them up at Radio Shack .
Although I was n't happy about having to up the component count , they worked right away .
Meantime , while browsing , I found that Radio Shack was selling an IR motion detector module - the interfacing was 5V , ground , and a logic line .
Under $ 10 ?
Score .
I bought one and scrapped my trip wire idea .
The mechanical relay has to be drive by a transistor to get more oomph than the microcontroller could supply and it needs a diode to keep flyback spikes away from the circuitry ( basically , whenever a mechanical relay opens or closes there are feedback spikes that can damage drive circuits ) .
Generally speaking , when I prototype , I try to buy 1.5 to 2 x the number of parts I need .
As many people know , semiconductors run on magic smoke and if you let the smoke out , they stop working .
This is a good practice and I did break several parts in the process .
Around the same time , I got the smoke machine ready detector working to a degree .
The phototransistor could detect the red light , but not very well .
It was pretty twitchy at best , so I looked for alternatives .
I found several schematics online bur working with AC always makes me antsy and the schematics were n't presented with very high confidence .
Instead I found a single chip that would do the work with minimal external components - it 's pretty much the same circuit I was building , but carefully tuned by an actual EE .
Finally , the Stamp I chips arrived and I could move the modules to a bigger protoboard and rework the driver code for the smaller Stamp .
Unfortunately , I made some mistakes while recreating the relay driver and smoked three transistors and one pin of the stamp isolating it .
Oops .
I debugged and rebuilt .
At this point I had the following set up on my desk at home :
The chip at the far left is a 555 timer that had been on my protoboard .
Continuing on is the MID400 AC Line Monitor ( 8 pin dip ) , the relay , the IR module , a yellow indicator LED and the Basic Stamp carrier board .
The top rail is ground , the bottom rail is 5 V .
I took out a pad of paper and scribbled down each module :
I was committed to using IO Pins 0 , 1 , 3 and 4 .
Note that I skipped pin 2 because I burned it out .
I got each module working individually by testing on simulated inputs and outputs .
I did some quick testing on the real smoke machine and discovered that the remote indicator light either does n't show " ready " or is highly analog - it was showing ready pretty much right away .
Not great , as I only wanted to put out smoke , but it just means that driver might try to run the smoke machine when it 's not ready .
I decided to commit to solder since the week before Hallowe 'en , I 'll be at PDC and have no more time to experiment .
The smoke machine dirver works light a champ and I made a quick decision to do the rest of my testing outside before my spouse flipped .
Here 's the main board :
After some field testing , I tuned the firmware and now have it working .
The software boots up , waits a few minutes for the smoke machine to warm up , then if motion is detected , it turns on the smoke machine for 15 seconds and then goes idle for three minutes ( to let the machine recover and to keep kids on my porch from being smoke out ) .
If the machine does n't detect smoke , every 3 minutes or so it lets out a puff of smoke to keep the house looking extra spooky .
Lessons learned : start earlier than you think .
Be prepared to test a lot and revise .
In this project I had to make several changes because either the technology did n't work or a better piece of technology became available .
I also had a bunch of back up plans - I did n't modify the original remote so if I failed I was no worse off than when I started .
If the smoke driver did n't work , I could run it by hand .
If the smoke chiller did n't work I could do without it .
Other directories hidden on Hanners ' computer : sexy men in kilts , sexy police officers , sexy clean - room technicians .
Here are three comics you must absolutely , positively check out , because they are good : Ugly Hill has some of the punchiest writing and best character designs in webcomics !
Gunnerkrigg Court is this really , really pretty story about , well , it is tough for me to explain .
But the visual style is beautiful and the story compelling .
You should read it !
Schlock Mercenary is one of the great grandaddies in webcomics , a sci- fi epic that mixes humor and science in a way all its own .
Howard Tayler is also the KING of updating on time .
Dude puts the rest of us to shame .
Okay time to go draw another comic !
Tomorrow I get a big new tattoo on my arm .
I expect to be sore and poorer , but happy .
See you Monday !
Oct. 1 , 2008 -- Cereal can be a great choice for a quick and nutritious breakfast , but some choices represent the nutritional equivalent of a doughnut in a bowl , according to a new investigation from Consumer Reports .
The group evaluated 27 of the breakfast cereals that are most heavily marketed to children , considering not just their sugar content , but also the amount of sodium , fiber , calories , and nutrients in a recommended serving .
Two of the worst - rated cereals -- Post ’s Golden Crisps and Kellogg ’s Honey Smacks -- were more than 50 % sugar with very little fiber .
A serving of Honey Smacks has 15 grams of sugar -- 3 more grams than is found in a Dunkin ’ Donuts glazed doughnut .
Golden Crisps has 14 grams of sugar in a 3/ 4 cup serving and less than 1 gram of fiber .
In all , 11 of the tested cereals had 12 or more grams of sugar per serving , or as much as the glazed doughnut , Gayle Williams of Consumer Reports Health tells WebMD .
“ Parents who would never give their children doughnuts for breakfast may be choosing these cereals without knowing that from a nutritional standpoint they really are n’t much better , ” she says .
Traditionally , the firm has split its investments between digital - technology companies and health - related companies .
Occasionally there are forays into businesses that fit neither category , however .
One of these was Kleiner ’s humiliating investment in Segway , the maker of the battery - powered scooter , which , back in 2001 , John Doerr predicted would be the fastest company in history to hit $ 1 billion in sales .
Seven years later , Segway is not even close .
Nonetheless , Segway yielded a different kind of return .
The vehicle ’s creator , the inventor Dean Kamen , spent time at Kleiner talking with Doerr and his partners about the challenges in providing a growing and increasingly urban global population with clean water and energy .
And , as it happened , around the time of the Segway ’s debut , Kleiner received a proposal from a professor at the University of Arizona named K. R. Sridhar , a former NASA scientist , who was working on a solid - oxide fuel cell in his garage in Tucson .
Fuel cells are an old technology , dating back more than 150 years ; they convert a fuel , like natural gas , into electricity through chemical reaction rather than combustion .
Sridhar ’s pitch had some novel technological aspects , and his business plan called for making energy generators — essentially , large box - shaped units for a home basement , or an office building — for buyers who either had no access to an electrical grid or wanted to disconnect themselves from one .
“ You could put natural gas into it and get electricity out , ” Aileen Lee , the partner at Kleiner who researched Sridhar ’s proposal , told me .
“ Or it could be fuel - flexible ” — meaning the boxes could run on , say , ethanol .
At least in theory , the units , which Sridhar called Bloom boxes , would be reliable , quiet and very low in carbon emissions .
I heard a number of explanations about why the firm paused after investing in Bloom Energy in 2002 .
The consensus seems to be that it took time for the partnership to be persuaded that the economy would move in a greener direction and that green tech would have far larger potential payoffs than , say , the ideas for Web sites that were being financed at the time .
Then , in late 2006 , at one of Kleiner ’s corporate retreats , Bill Joy , a founder of Sun Microsystems and a new partner at the firm , displayed what later became known within Kleiner as “ the map of grand challenges . ”
This was a matrix of colored squares that itemized the firm ’s progress in locating potential investments in about 40 different categories : water , transportation , energy efficiency , electricity generation , energy storage and the like .
In the blank spots there were lists of “ things that ought to be possible , ” in Doerr ’s words — ideas , in short , that might produce huge changes and , if Kleiner bought a stake , huge profits .
Thus the grand map was a rough , imaginary outline of a clean - energy economy that did n’t really exist and perhaps would n’t in any meaningful way for decades .
But it helped Kleiner understand what to look for .
That same year , Kleiner officially informed its investors that it would begin putting $ 100 million of its newest fund in green technology .
Doerr , Joy , Ray Lane and John Denniston all joined the green - tech group .
There was little doubt that partners like Lane and Doerr , who have countless connections within America ’s high - tech worlds , would get good green - tech pitches as word got around .
In the meantime , Joy and his more technically minded colleagues “ went outbound , ” in Joy ’s words , which meant they started scouring laboratories throughout the United States , as well as academic departments around the world , for energy ideas that could satisfy challenges on the grand map .
It has become a kind of received wisdom that American and European laboratories have yet to come up with enough innovations to ease our dependence on fossil fuels , or that effective ( and affordable ) technological solutions to climate change are still many decades away .
In truth , there have been scores of recent scientific developments in wind , solar , biofuels and energy efficiency that have not yet entered the market , in part because the private sector has deemed them risky investments in a world where gas , coal and electricity are cheap .
As Andy Karsner , who recently stepped down as the Department of Energy assistant secretary in charge of renewables , told me , “ Venture capital ’s interest in the sector did n’t arise until price signals and climate change came into play a few years ago . ”
Before that , he says , green technology “ was in a state of suspended animation . ”
Dan Arvizu , the head of the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden , Colo. , echoes this sentiment .
Whenever Arvizu testifies in front of Congress on the state of renewables , he told me : “ They always ask the same questions — ‘ When is this going to be real ? ’
And I say : ‘ It ’s real now . ’ ”
Kleiner ’s partners largely shared this view .
“ Our overarching thesis , ” Bill Joy says , “ was that a lot of stuff had already been developed , but there were things that were not yet commercialized because they had been frozen by the low price of oil .
The innovation had occurred , but they had n’t been deployed . ”
In addition to a number of California ventures , Joy and his colleagues ultimately tracked down worthy ideas in Massachusetts , Florida , Texas , Pennsylvania , New York , New Jersey and Georgia , as well as in Israel , Germany and China .
One morning early in the summer , I had breakfast with Joy in Manhattan , and he took a folded sheet of paper from his pocket to show me what remained of the map of grand challenges , under the condition that I would keep confidential the technologies that were not public knowledge .
Some slots remained open , but the firm had identified a number of projects that could be deployed quickly as well as longer - term proposals that might be called breakthroughs .
Whether any would turn into flourishing companies — let alone another Google — was a far more unpredictable matter .
For the time being , at least , Kleiner ’s partners had assembled the ideas for what they intuited to be the future .
At one point during his globe - trotting pursuits , Joy recalled , John Doerr turned to him and said , “ I do n’t think anyone has ever really done venture capital this way . ”
Image Ausra , a start - up in Palo Alto , Calif. , uses mirrors to concentrate solar energy on water pipes to produce steam and , ultimately , electricity .
The first installation , in 2011 , should power more than 100,000 homes .
Credit ... Mitch Epstein for The New York Times
From Idea to I.P.O .
If you look over Kleiner ’s clean - energy portfolio , it ’s apparent that the firm has made a number of large and risky bets .
In part this is because of the evolving economics of venture capital : to get the returns its investors have come to expect — the firm says it has returned an average of $ 1 billion in profits per year to its investors over the past decade — Kleiner has to produce one or two magical success stories every few years .
Some of the risk taking , however , is a product of the firm ’s culture .
Brook Byers , the firm ’s longest - serving partner , told me the place depends on a complementary mix of talents .
This has been the case since the beginning , in 1972 , when Eugene Kleiner , an engineer who had worked at the valley ’s earliest semiconductor companies , went into business with Tom Perkins , a former executive at Hewlett - Packard .
Kleiner , who died a few years ago , was an Austrian - born intellectual of modest tastes — “ a very soft - spoken , very wise , very gentle man , ” according to Doerr .
Perkins was a brash gambler who would later build one of the world ’s most expensive yachts .
You could argue that Perkins , now retired , left the larger imprint on the firm .
As Doerr told me , “ Tom would say , ‘ When you have a great opportunity , push all the chips , all the resources that you can , to the center of the table . ’ ” Perkins , Doerr added , was more his mentor than Kleiner was .
Bloom Energy is a good example of a venture where the chips are now piled high .
Though you would n’t know it from appearances .
Located in a modest , unmarked one - story building with large plate - glass windows off the highway in Sunnyvale , Calif. , Bloom is one of the companies in the Kleiner portfolio closest to unveiling a commercial product .
Over the past two and a half years , engineers at the University of Tennessee in Chattanooga have been testing a five - kilowatt Bloom box , which looks like a squat refrigerator and produces about as much electricity as a typical home requires .
And at this point there seems little doubt that the idea K. R. Sridhar pitched to Kleiner in 2001 has become a high - functioning machine .
“ We installed one of his first units here to assess its durability and performance , to see if it matched the claims , ” Henry McDonald , a professor at Tennessee who is overseeing the Bloom box , says .
McDonald ran the box nonstop on natural gas for 6,000 hours , and its performance beat expectations .
In everyday terms , the box was twice as efficient as a boiler burning natural gas , and its carbon emissions were 60 percent lower .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A " perfect storm " could be building for US election day on November 4 because of a combination of sky - high voter interest , new ballot machines and a shortage of poll staff , the independent Pew group warned yesterday .
The Washington - based group set out a long series of problems still facing the US despite reforms aimed at avoiding a repeat of the 2000 and 2004 debacles .
The launch of the 77 - page report came as legal clashes over voter registration and hours - long queues formed outside booths set up for early voting in states across the US .
Voting is now underway in 46 of the 50 states , though election day is still almost a fortnight away .
Virginia , a battleground state , said it will step up security at polling booths on November 4 .
Election officials fear trouble because of passions aroused by the election , by long queues , or by people being told they are not eligible to vote .
Doug Chapin , director of Pew's electionline.org , said : " People talk about meltdown .
It is over - optimistic to think that 130 million people can vote and something does not go wrong ...
We have spent eight years sorting the plumbing , but on November 4 we are going to crank up the system . "
The excitement created by Barack Obama could result in a record turnout , with African - Americans and young voters , both previously less likely to vote , predicted to cast ballots in large numbers this time round .
New voters are registering in record numbers in almost every state .
Officials in Virginia recently ordered 200,000 more voter registration forms .
Thousands of lawyers are being recruited by Obama and John McCain to police polling booths , offering advice to supporters denied the vote or challenging the eligibility of rivals .
Pew is one of the most respected research organisations in the US , and publishes annual updates on the state of the election process .
Yesterday 's report , Election preview 2008 : what if we had an election and everyone came ? , says : " Eight years after the uncovered problems in the 2000 election and more than five years after the creation of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 , millions of Americans will head to the polls on November 4 in what many are predicting will be the highest - turnout election in recent memory .
" Like the infamous Nor'easter that sank the Andrea Gail , another perfect storm may be brewing , only this one has the potential to combine a record turnout with an insufficient number of poll workers and a voting system still in flux . "
Election officials are struggling in some places to recruit the tens of thousands of extra staff that will be needed .
Another problem for election officials is the electronic voting systems introduced in many states after the " hanging chads " controversy in Florida in 2000 .
The report notes that voting machines bought only six years ago have been replaced in Florida , California and other states after officials and Congress became concerned about security and reliability .
Some states and counties have returned to paper , but with optical scanners that should theoretically allow for faster counting .
This amounts to the third change since 2000 .
One of the biggest flashpoints is voter registration , particularly in states such as Ohio , Indiana , Florida , Pennsylvania , Georgia and Missouri .
Chapin said there is fierce litigation in Indiana and Georgia , where new rules require voters to show photo IDs .
Republicans claim this it aimed at preventing vote fraud , while Democrats argue it is a form of voter suppression .
The report identifies 11 states where there could be problems on election day , along with Washington DC : Indiana , Georgia , Florida , Ohio , Missouri , Pennsylvania , Wisconsin , New Mexico , Nevada , Colorado and Virginia .
Officials are encouraging early voting and absentee ballots to try to relieve the pressure on November 4 .
• This article was amended on Thursday October 23 2008 .
We have adjusted our definition of Washington DC in the second - to - last paragraph .
John Hodgman 's new book MORE INFORMATION THAN YOU REQUIRE hits the streets on October 21 , but by no means is today 's episode of Boing Boing tv any sort of , oh , how do the marketing people say it — it 's not a book trailer , and it is by no means a promotional vehicle for said book .
No , we just noticed the star of Apple ads and Daily Show hijinks wandering aimlessly in the streets outside the BBtv studio this week .
We invited him in for scotch and cocoa , and shared questions posed to him by BBtv viewers through the popular internet messaging website known as " The Twitter . "
We do n't know how all those books managed to stack themselves from studio floor to ceiling .
We are not holding those books in front of our faces in the first 10 seconds of this episode so that you might see the cover — we 're doing low - impact pilates .
HEY LOOK , IT'S A CONTEST :
If you would like to receive a Hodgmanically autographed copy of the book for which this episode is not a promotional trailer , reply to @xenijardin on The Twitter with the answer to this question :
What area of expertise does Hodgman credit Boing Boing tv for on page 592 of this excellent book ? "
We will select a winner randomly .
Friends , spouses , love - slaves , and business partners of Boing Boing and Boing Boing tv are not eligible .
( Serious face : this episode is n't an ad , we 're just ridiculously hardcore fans of Hodgman .
Watch our trufan - trailer here , then , seriously , go buy the book ) .
Link to Boing Boing tv blog post with instructions on how to subscribe to our daily video podcast .
Here 's the direct MP4 link to this episode .
Previously on Boing Boing tv :
* John Hodgman in BBtv's SPAMasterpiece Theater , Vol II : " Wuthering Wire Transfers . "
* John Hodgman in BBtv's SPAMasterpiece Theater .
* John Hodgman : More Information Than You Require .
From AC360 Nov. 12 , 2008 : Anderson Cooper brings on Dan Savage and Tony Perkins to debate Proposition 8 and the protests against it .
Savage makes Perkins look like the hapless James Dobson mouthpiece he is .
I 'm sorry .
This is all about civil liberties in my book .
It 's all about freedom , something the right - wingers trumpet to the media whenever it suits them .
Why are they so afraid of gay marriage ?
DAN SAVAGE : Part of the democratic process is if you 're going to throw a punch you 're going to have a punch thrown back .
You do n't get to march in the public square , slime people , malign people and demagogue against people and then jump behind a bush and say , no God we 're a church .
You can't criticize us .
You can't bring it back to our frond doors and say we have a problem with what you 've been saying about us in public and doing to us in the public square .
The Mormon Church has politicized itself with this movement and -- in California to ban same - sex marriage .
And it was n't just the Mormon Church encouraged its followers .
The first prophet of the Mormon Church had a letter read from every temple , every Mormon temple in the land instructing its members as a religious duty to donate time and money to this campaign .
You cannot campaign against the vulnerable minority group in this country in the political arena without expecting some sort of response
Full transcript from CNN below :
DAN SAVAGE , AUTHOR , " THE COMMITMENT " :
Part of the democratic process is if you 're going to throw a punch you 're going to have a punch thrown back .
You do n't get to march in the public square , slime people , malign people and demagogue against people and then jump behind a bush and say , no God we 're a church .
You can't criticize us .
You can't bring it back to our front doors and say we have a problem with what you 've been saying about us in public and doing to us in the public square .
The Mormon Church has politicized itself with this movement and -- in California to ban same - sex marriage .
And it was n't just the Mormon Church encouraged its followers .
The first prophet of the Mormon Church had a letter read from every temple , every Mormon temple in the land instructing its members as a religious duty to donate time and money to this campaign .
You cannot campaign against the vulnerable minority group in this country in the political arena without expecting some sort of response .
COOPER : Tony , is what the church did appropriate ?
And I know you 've been critical of the demonstrations .
Is it inappropriate for demonstrators you think to focus on the Mormon Church ?
TONY PERKINS , PRESIDENT FAMILY RESEARCH COUNCIL :
Well , I mean , you can also focus on the African - American churches , where African - Americans voted over 70 percent of them voted for the marriage amendment in California .
This really underscores what many people were saying that this advancement of same - sex marriage was going to bring about this confrontation with religious liberties .
And it 's very frightening when you begin to see --
SAVAGE : There is no confrontation with religious liberties .
PERKINS : -- these demonstrations of Violating the spaces of the church and going in and disrupting their services .
SAVAGE : That has n't happened .
PERKINS : Yes , it has happened .
They 've been spray painting churches , vandalizing churches .
COOPER : Tony , the tens of thousands of people demonstrated so far most have been extremely peaceful .
There may have been a few incidences here and there .
But I do n't think it is accurate to say there has been a large scale of invasion of churches .
SAVAGE : Gay bars have been fire bombed .
( CROSSTALK )
PERKINS : It 's just like this ;
Dan will not allow people to speak .
There was a full debate on this .
In fact Dan 's side raised more money and it came from special interest groups or wealthy individuals like Tim Gill who put in the money and they had this full discussion about this in California .
In fact , they 've had it twice now .
I do n't understand --
SAVAGE : They had it twice now and in 2000 your side won by 20 to 30 points .
This time you won by four points .
You guys are losing this war against religious freedom .
There are religions in this country that will marry gay and lesbian couples .
What about their religious freedom ?
PERKINS : Look , the courts have stepped in -- you 've gone to the courts , the courts overthrew the vote of over four million people from 2000 .
They gathered over a million signatures .
SAVAGE : Which is part of what courts in our system supposed to do ; the constitution exists to protect minorities against the tyranny of the majority .
( CROSSTALK )
PERKINS : No .
You do n't understand the rule of law that , if you want to change the law , instead of using the courts to redefine marriage .
SAVAGE : So Loving v. Virginia when the courts declared interracial marriage to be a constitutional right in the teeth of popular support which was against interracial marriage at the time .
( CROSSTALK )
PERKINS : Dan , you know that is a red herring .
That is absolutely a red herring .
SAVAGE : It is not a red herring .
You were talking about the function of the courts .
( CROSSTALK )
COOPER : No one can hear either of you talk .
Dan , finish your thought and will have Tony respond .
SAVAGE : Well ,
Tony is saying that the courts have no right to overrule the will of the people .
That 's what the courts exist for .
That is what the constitution exists for .
That 's what the bill of rights is there for ; to carve out from the tyranny of the majority .
COOPER : Tony , should the civil rights of individuals be left up to the majority to decide ?
PERKINS : No one has unrestrained liberties in this country to marry whomever they want .
Someone can't marry a close blood relative or an underage person .
There are restrictions upheld in almost every civilization for millennia .
SAVAGE : For millennia it was legal for men to beat their wives .
PERKINS : Dan , would you let somebody else speak .
COOPER : Tony , you 've got to finish your thought because I want to ask one other question .
Tony , finish your though .
PERKINS : Look , this is about redefining marriage .
It is not about what -- you try to compare this to interracial marriage .
It is not the same thing .
There were extra provisions put that would prohibit people that were man and woman to marry .
This is redefining marriage .
This is a total different issue .
The people of California have spoken .
In fact , every time this has gone on to the ballot and people have had a chance to vote --
COOPER : There is a huge generational divide .
In the results of Proposition 8 , basically older Americans voted --
SAVAGE : The Mormon Church bankrolled this and shoved it through .
The protest could also , I guess , be at old folks homes because older people voted more .
This is bigotry .
This kind of homophobia and racism is part and parcel of older vote .
PERKINS : Why do n't you take to the African - American community .
Take that to the Hispanic community .
COOPER : Do you feel that over time within a very short amount of time this issue , I mean each time this is getting closer and closer .
Do you think the history and Barack Obama 's part in it is in your favor ?
( CROSSTALK )
SAVAGE : You know who redefined marriage ?
Straight people redefined .
Marriage used to be one man acquiring the property of another man , a daughter that became a wife .
Straight people redefined marriage to be two individuals who commit to each other because of a bond of love .
There can be children or no children , it could be a monogamous sexual relationship or not a monogamous sexual relationship .
There can be a sexual relationship or not a sexual relationship .
That 's what marriage means now in our culture and they want to define it back to the patriarchal sexist institution it was .
PERKINS : Come on , man .
You know that is not true .
COOPER : Tony , it does seem that young people though view this issue very differently than you do .
Do you worry at all that you are just on the wrong side of history ?
PERKINS : No .
No , not at all .
Anderson , what we 're seeing actually among young people is they understand more than anybody what happens when you redefine marriage .
Especially when you see young people who have grown up --
COOPER : The young people under - whelmingly voted against Proposition 8 .
PERKINS : No .
SAVAGE : Yes , they did .
PERKINS : You are still saying -- it is not a majority .
SAVAGE : Yes .
It is a majority .
A majority of the young people voted against Prop 8 .
( CROSSTALK )
COOPER : I want Tony to answer the question and then I give you both a final thought .
Tony .
PERKINS : Well , you can't get a word head wise .
SAVAGE : When you strip me of my rights when I interrupt you , who is really suffering here ?
PERKINS : Look , the policy this country has adopted in the last 40 years which has minimized the importance of marriage ; there is an understanding the purpose of public policy is to achieve a greater good .
It 's not designed to shape out narrow anomalies .
It is for a broader reality .
The reality is that kids need a mom and a dad .
That is what marriage is about .
It is not about two moms , two dads , three dads , three moms .
It is about a mom and a dad .
And that 's what public policy should promote
COOPER : Dan , your turn .
SAVAGE : That is not what marriage is about .
People without children can get married .
Marriage is not defined by the presence of children .
PERKINS : They can but that is not the purpose of government being involved regulating marriage .
SAVAGE : Individual liberties is the purpose of our constitution .
For you to write individual liberties out of our political system --
PERKINS : Then you must be for polygamy .
You must be for every other form of relationship .
SAVAGE : We can debate on marriage one at a time .
COOPER : We 're going to have to leave it there .
Tony you 're your thoughts .
And then Dan , your final thoughts .
SAVAGE : I hope Tony Perkins does n't pray to Jesus with that mouth because he bears false witness against his gay and lesbian neighbors and that is a violation of one of the Ten Commandments .
PERKINS : And how would you suggest I do that , Dan ?
This is about public policy which is to promote the greater good and in the best environment the social science --
SAVAGE : Not at the expense of minority rights and individual liberties .
PERKINS : -- the social sciences show overwhelmingly that children do better with a mom and dad .
SAVAGE : That is a lie .
Those are studies that are funded by bigots ; more bigots to justify bigotry .
The studies you cite have all the validity of tobacco institute studies telling us in the 70's and 80's that smoking was safe .
COOPER : We have to go .
I 'm sorry , we have got to go .
These graphs are in the public domain .
A complete set of these graphs is also available in a downloadable Full - Color Adobe Acrobat PDF file or a Black & White Adobe Acrobat PDF file
You may also download a 2 - sheet set of " mini graphs " ; Full - Color or Black & White ( PDF Format )
To order a full set of laminated graphs , please visit our Volunteer Supplies page .
Fact Sheets :
Drug Policy and Prisoners : The Facts ( pdf )
About the November Coalition ( pdf )
Prisoner Re-Entry Reform ( pdf )
30 Unintended Consequences of the War on Drugs ( pdf )
Know Your Rights - from Washington State ACLU ( pdf )
Note : PDF format documents require the free Adobe Acrobat Reader , available here .
These Factsheets can be used to mail with your public event notices , to hand out at meetings , or give to passers - by if you have a public demonstration .
Surprisingly , it 's known that people will read an 8 " x 11 " sheet of paper with text faster than they will a brochure .
So , save money and use Factsheets for presenting to your group , and your messages to the public .
If you have an idea for a Factsheet , email it to : webmaster©november.org
I attended the Welcome Home rally for Sarah Palin this morning .
Hooo .
It was an experience .
About a thousand ( maybe ) hard - core Palin supporters showed up to hear her speak at the new Dena’ina Convention Center in downtown Anchorage .
After shaking it off with a good double shot of espresso , and a brisk walk back to my car , it was time to head to the Alaska Women Reject Palin rally .
It was to be held outside on the lawn in front of the Loussac Library in midtown Anchorage .
Home made signs were encouraged , and the idea was to make a statement that Sarah Palin does not speak for all Alaska women , or men .
I had no idea what to expect .
The rally was organized by a small group of women , talking over coffee .
It made me wonder what other things have started with small groups of women talking over coffee .
It ’s probably an impressive list .
These women hatched the plan , printed up flyers , posted them around town , and sent notices to local media outlets .
One of those media outlets was KBYR radio , home of Eddie Burke , a long - time uber - conservative Anchorage talk show host .
Turns out that Eddie Burke not only announced the rally , but called the people who planned to attend the rally “ a bunch of socialist baby - killing maggots ” , and read the home phone numbers of the organizers aloud over the air , urging listeners to call and tell them what they thought .
The women , of course , received many nasty , harassing and threatening messages .
So , as I jettisoned myself from the jaws of the ‘ Drill Baby Drill ’ crowd and toward the mystery rally at the library , I felt a bit apprehensive .
I ’d been disappointed before by the turnout at other rallies .
Basically , in Anchorage , if you can get 25 people to show up at an event , it ’s a success .
So , I thought to myself , if we can actually get 100 people there that are n’t sent by Eddie Burke , we ’ll be doing good .
A real statement will have been made .
I confess , I still had a mental image of 15 demonstrators surrounded by hundreds of menacing “ socialist baby - killing maggot ” haters .
It ’s a good thing I was n’t tailgating when I saw the crowd in front of the library or I would have ended up in somebody ’s trunk .
When I got there , about 20 minutes early , the line of sign wavers stretched the full length of the library grounds , along the edge of the road , 6 or 7 people deep !
I could hardly find a place to park .
I nabbed one of the last spots in the library lot , and as I got out of the car and started walking , people seemed to join in from every direction , carrying signs .
Never , have I seen anything like it in my 17 and a half years living in Anchorage .
The organizers had someone walk the rally with a counter , and they clicked off well over 1400 people ( not including the 90 counter - demonstrators ) .
This was the biggest political rally ever , in the history of the state .
I was absolutely stunned .
The second most amazing thing is how many people honked and gave the thumbs up as they drove by .
And even those that did n’t honk looked wide - eyed and awe - struck at the huge crowd that was growing by the minute .
This just does n’t happen here .
Then , the infamous Eddie Burke showed up .
He tried to talk to the media , and was instantly surrounded by a group of 20 people who started shouting O - BA - MA so loud he could n’t be heard .
Then passing cars started honking in a rhythmic pattern of 3 , like the Obama chant , while the crowd cheered , hooted and waved their signs high .
So , if you ’ve been doing the math …
Yes .
The Alaska Women Reject Palin rally was significantly bigger than Palin ’s rally that got all the national media coverage !
So take heart , sit back , and enjoy the photo gallery .
Feel free to spread the pictures around ( links are appreciated ) to anyone who needs to know that Sarah Palin most definitely does not speak for all Alaskans .
The citizens of Alaska , who know her best , have things to say .
UPDATE – Eddie Burke suspended without pay for one week .
Better than nothing !
It is unlikely that 20 years ago , when Howard Zinn ’s magnum opus A People ’s History of the United States : 1492 - Present was published , that anyone thought it would sell close to two million copies and spawn an entirely new historiography .
Today , though not quite a household name , spry octogenarian Zinn is a much in - demand lecturer , criss - crossing the country , speaking to crowded halls and auditoriums and continuing his life - long commitment to social justice activism .
Zinn ’s radically revisionist analysis of history from the grassroots up is of a piece with his support for various progressive movements and causes — from labor to civil rights , to Vietnam , to the women ’s liberation movement .
He unflinchingly protested the American imperial adventures that have taken place around the planet , from Cuba to Chile to Haiti to Grenada to Panama to Nicaragua , and , of course , Iraq .
And his refusal to sequester himself in the proverbial ivory tower of the academy is a story delightfully related in his autobiography You Ca n’t Be Neutral on a Moving Train .
In this , my fourth or fifth public conversation with him , Zinn talks about whether he has changed his views and shares his thoughts on the upcoming election and the newly published graphic / comic A People ’s History of American Empire with historian Paul Buhle , and cartoonist Mike Konopacki .
A shorter version of this conversation appeared in Vice Magazine as “ Zinn and the Art of History Maintenance . ”
Robert Birnbaum : What ever happened to the HBO project ?
Howard Zinn : [ chuckles ]
The famous HBO project .
Well , before the HBO project here was the Fox project , you see .
And this must have been about ten years ago .
And what happened is that a vice president of Fox had read A People ’s History in college and then her bosses at Fox Television on the West Coast asked her to find a good series for Fox , a documentary series .
She immediately thought of A People ’s History .
And then she was having dinner with an agent and told him about it .
He immediately called me .
So I get a call from somebody I did n’t know .
He says , “ Fox Television is interested in doing a documentary series based on A People ’s History and I ’d like to be your agent . ”
I said , “ OK . ” And Fox doodled with it for two years .
One of the reasons they were interested was that his agent cleverly brought Matt Damon and Ben Affleck into the picture and Chris Moore with me , the four of us as executive producers .
Of course , [ Fox was ] attracted by the names .
Aside from this vice president , probably none of them knew the book .
Anyway ,
Fox fooled around with it for a couple of years .
Then dropped it .
My theory is that finally Rupert Murdoch read the book [ both laugh ] and they dropped the project .
I doubt it .
He probably has n’t read a book for years .
Whereupon Chris Moore , Ben Affleck , Matt Damon and I — they flew me out to LA .
The four of us visited three television networks : ABC , TNT , HBO .
Affleck pitched the story of a documentary to all three and they all wanted it .
We had a choice , we chose HBO .
HBO diddled with it for two years .
Actually hired three script writers — which we chose — John Sayles , to write something on the Lowell mill girls , Howard Fast to write something on the American Revolution and Paul Laverty ( who works with Ken Loach ) to write something about Bartolomé de Las Cases .
They wrote scripts .
HBO turned them down .
And that was the end of the project .
RB : Wow .
HZ : Now — for the first time it has a real chance of being done .
More than a chance .
It will probably be done .
Chris Moore , who is an experienced Hollywood producer , decided that he is going to do it .
And so he is raising the money — it is a two - and - a - half - million - dollar budget .
And he has already spent a good part of it organizing these performances which took place in Boston in early January where we have quite well - known actors reading the voices of historical figures like Frederick Douglas , [ Henry David ] Thoreau and [ Eugene Victor ] Debs and Helen Keller and Emma Goldman and mutinous soldiers of the American Revolution and so we had coming to Boston for a few days to do these performance at the Emerson Majestic Theater : Josh Brolin , Viggo Mortensen , and Danny Glover , Marisa Tomei , Kerry Washington , others , David Strathan , and they read these pieces from history to audiences of a thousand people at each performance .
And Chris Moore had twelve cameras in the theater , and the result is we have fifteen hours or so of film , which will be edited down into four hours of television .
RB : This is different than when it was first proposed .
This is no longer a docudrama —
HZ : That ’s right , this is nonfiction .
This is real .
What was envisioned before by Fox and HBO were feature films based on incident — which , when you think about it , is a very difficult thing to do .
I am happier with the present situation because , one , when you start to fictionalize history , you are in great danger for moving away from what the historian intended to do .
You are caught up in the story , the drama , you sensationalize it , distort it .
And so , here , where I have final say over the script , I feel very confident that what will come out will reflect my views on American History .
Which means what will come will be an in - your - face [ both laugh ] radical history in which we feature dissenters and troublemakers and visionaries and socialists and anarchists , and if television is put off by that , well that ’s too bad .
It ’ll be a DVD .
But right now they are editing the material and preparing to show it at the Berlin Film Festival .
They ’ll be showing it at Cannes in May and it ’s — to put it in Hollywoodese terms —
“ It ’s a go . ”
RB : Interestingly enough , in the coming months there will be yet another iteration of the People ’s History : the People ’s History of the American Empire , a graphic novel .
HZ : Yes .
RB : And I had to laugh …it reminds me of a Mel Brooks line in one of his later films , about how they were marketing something and , in exploiting the brand , he suggested forthcoming bed sheets and towels — how many iterations of the People ’s History can there be ?
HZ : Well , you are reflecting the exasperation of my wife .
Every time someone comes up with one of these things , she says , “ Please , enough , enough of the People ’s History . ”
Someone wants to do an animation .
Some animation group in Canada wants to do an animated People ’s History , like The Simpsons .
And sure , as you pointed out , there is this graphic history .
They used to call them comic books .
Do you remember Classic comic books ?
They were good .
I remember reading A Tale of Two Cities as a comic book .
So this graphic history will come out in April .
RB : It ’s entitled A People ’s History of the American Empire , a bolder statement than the original — and it effectively weaves your biography into the presentation .
HZ : When I first looked at his [ Mike Konopacki ’s ] portrait of me , I said , “ Hey ! ” [ both laugh ]
RB : Real photos are included — there is one of you and your parents .
HZ : Yes , actual photographs .
RB : Like Ken Burns .
HZ : He ’s very good —
Mike Konapacki .
Before this , he did labor cartoons for labor newspapers —
RB : Plural ?
There are still labor newspapers ?
HZ : Yes .
RB : Anyway , there is a volume called Voices of A People ’s History and a CD of recordings .
HZ : Which Anthony Arnove and I put together .
It ’s a spinoff — we started with little nuggets of quotations .
The People ’s History is really full of little juicy paragraphs of quotes and we decided to expand on that and have a book of the words of these historical figures .
So Voices is a substantial book including about 200 documents .
Instead of having a few sentences from Las Casas , we ’ll have two pages of him .
We have a whole speech by Emma Goldman on patriotism .
And it goes from Christopher Columbus right up to the Bush Administration and the so - called War on Terror and the Iraq War .
One of the last documents in it is an Iraq [ war ] veteran , returning from Iraq , and he turns against the war .
That has been used as the basis for readings that have taken place in various parts of the country in LA and New York for five years now .
We started in 2003 at the 92nd Street Y with readings by James Earl Jones .
RB : Was that an anniversary of the book ’s publication ?
HZ : What it was , was a celebration by Harper Collins of the one - millionth copy sold of the People ’s History .
We had a wonderful lineup of readers .
We had Kurt Vonnegut and Alice Walker .
It was a lot of fun .
RB : And I saw A People ’s History of Sports coming out .
HZ : That ’s right .
It turns out I am the general editor — something I never wanted to be — a general editor .
A general editor being someone who really does n’t do anything .
RB : Like an executive producer .
HZ : That ’s right .
The New Press , they do a lot of good books , and they decided — another example of people deciding — they look at the People ’s History , “ My God it sold a million copies , what can we do with this ? ” [ laughs ]
Some editor at The New Press , probably André Schiffrin , decided , let ’s do a bunch of People ’s History of this and that — People ’s History of Molasses .
So they said , will you be general editor of this series ?
I said , I do n’t want to be a general editor of anything .
But then they showed me the first volume , which had come to them — A People ’s History of the American Revolution .
RB : By Ray Raphael .
HZ : Have you ever talked to him ?
RB : No .
HZ : He ’d be an interesting guy to interview .
RB : He lives on the West Coast , I think .
HZ : He lives up on the very northern part of California , a little town .
He is not a professional historian .
He is not an academic .
But he is a wonderful researcher .
And it ’s interesting how he can live in this little town with this little library and , through the interlibrary loan and the Internet , he has all this material pouring into his house , and he does wonderful research .
So when I read the People ’s History of the American Revolution , I said , “ Wow , this is good .
Okay . ”
We have that .
We have A People ’s History of the Civil War out .
There will be A People ’s History of Sports [ in the United States ] , which you mentioned .
A People ’s History of Art in The United States . [ laughs ]
They have already done A People ’s History of the Roman Empire .
RB : Who is doing revisionist history today ?
Eric Foner ?
HZ : Yes .
RB : Gordon Wood ?
HZ : I would n’t call Gordon Wood a revisionist historian .
Wood does write about the American Revolution but takes a very different point of view than Ray Raphael .
Alfred Young , who is the dean of historians of the American Revolution and who wrote a very critical essay about Gordon Wood — he sees Wood writing about the Revolution from the standpoint of the Great Man .
There are a number of people who write about that period who love to write about John Adams and Jefferson and so on , but there are people who write about it for A People ’s History point of view .
And Alfred Young has done several volumes .
Let me broach an interesting thing about the American Revolution , if you do n’t mind .
You do n’t mind if your interviewee broaches interesting things ?
RB : Not at all .
HZ : As opposed to the boring things that the interviewee has been talking about .
[ both laugh ]
RB : Knock yourself out .
HZ : I am waiting for somebody to write a book about the American Revolution questioning the justice of the American Revolution .
In another words , asking , “ Was this really a justified war ? ”
There are there holy wars in American History — the Revolutionary , the Civil War and World War II .
People are willing to say that the Mexican War was imperialist —
RB : Now they are .
HZ : That ’s right .
And the Spanish American War and Vietnam .
But there are holy wars .
Untouchable , you know .
Ken Burns does the Civil War and then he does the WWII .
RB : Called it The War .
HZ : And there is nothing revisionist about that .
I think it is worth questioning the justice of those wars .
It ’s a complicated moral issue .
You might say Vietnam is easy .
Iraq is easy .
And the Mexican War is easy .
And there are no wars which are more morally complicated .
But the fact that there are morally complicated wars should n’t stop us from examining them .
And the American Revolution , in terms of casualties , the bloodiest of wars .
A lot of people do n’t recognize that .
There were only three million people in the colonies at that time .
I ’ll put it another way .
It ranks with the Civil War as —
RB : Percentage of casualties against the total population .
HZ : Yes , and the question is as questions in all of these holy wars :
Could the same objective have been accomplished , independence from England , ending slavery , defeating Fascism — could those have been accomplished at less than the bloody toll that was taken and without corrupting the moral values of the victors in the war ?
And with better outcomes ?
Those are questions worth asking .
The American Revolution won independence from England at the expense of the Indians , at the expense of the Native Americans .
What it did , the English had set a line , the Proclamation of 1763 , you could n’t go beyond it , into Indian territory .
They did n’t want trouble with the Indians .
Independence from England takes place , the Proclamation of 1763 is wiped out .
The settlers are free to move into Indian territory .
Black People — most of them joined the British side rather than the American side .
It was not a revolution for them .
And the question I have n’t seen asked …
Canada won its independence from England without a bloody war …Conceivable ?
It ’s like asking the question about the nature of the Civil War .
Slavery was abolished in all of the countries of Latin America by 1833 .
Without a bloody civil war .
Now , of course , all those situations are different .
And complicated .
All that I am saying is that I think there are questions about history that so far have been untouched and untouchable and should at least be opened up .
RB : I thought you were going to address who were the beneficiaries of the American Revolution .
HZ : That ’s another issue .
Another aspect of it .
Because the constitution that came out of the American Revolution was a constitution that benefited the slaveholders , the merchants , the bondholders .
It ’s interesting that the Constitution is looked upon in romantic terms — as it always has been in the United States .
What people think of when they think of the Constitution is the Bill of the Rights .
That ’s the nicest thing about the Constitution .
The Bill of Rights was not in the original Constitution , The Founding Fathers did not want a Bill of Rights .
They only put a Bill of Rights in when there was protest and reaction .
And what a lot of people do n’t understand , and this goes to your point about who benefited from the Revolution — the soldiers who fought in the Revolution did not benefit from the Revolution .
RB : Ergo the famous Shay ’s Rebellion .
HZ : Exactly .
RB : Actually , not so famous .
HZ : What is Shay ’s Rebellion ?
It ’s a question on a multiple - choice test .
[ laughs ]
You ask people about Shay ’s Rebellion —
“ Oh yeah , Shay ’s Rebellion . ”
What do you know about it ?
“ Nothing . ”
There is a connection between Shay ’s Rebellion and the Constitution , which the traditional history books never talk about .
They will mention Shay ’s Rebellion and of course they will talk about the Constitution and the Founding Fathers .
They will not say that the Constitutional Convention was animated by the rebellions in Massachusetts and other places , and those rebellions caused the Founding Fathers to decide to get together in Philadelphia and draw up a document that would create a national government strong enough to deal with rebellions like this .
And you have General Knox writing to Washington before the Constitutional Convention , saying , “ These soldiers of the revolution come back and they think because they fought in the revolution they deserve an equal share of the wealth of this country . ”
RB : The nerve . [ both laugh ]
HZ : I remember learning in school — Oh the Constitution was a great thing .
The Articles of Confederation — that was weak .
The Constitution gave us a strong country .
It gave strength to a country , which would now be strong enough to put down troubles .
RB : Are the writers like McCullough and Joseph Ellis and Brookhiser , are they historians ?
HZ : [ laughs ]
Are they historians ?
Ellis is a historian .
RB : Are they writing history ?
HZ : They are writing history .
From my point of view they are writing superficial history , but , sure , they are writing history .
I do believe — McCullough is a very colorful writer and some of his work has been really good — the history of the Panama Canal .
But I think it is important for historians not to draw a line about their profession and to say we are historians , and somebody like McCullough is a popularizer .
I am all for popularizing — it depends on how you do it .
RB : That ’s why I did n’t want to talk about him as a historian but whether he was doing legitimate history or hagiography .
HZ : When McCullough writes about Truman , a biography of Truman , it passes very lightly over Hiroshima and Nagasaki–worse than passes over lightly it .
He seems to justify it by repeating Truman ’s defense of the bombing and not doing any critical examination of it .
And no critical examination of Truman ’s prosecution of the Rosenbergs and refusal to do anything about the Rosenberg case .
And even in his book on John Adams , he [ McCullough ] passes very lightly over the Alien and Sedition Acts .
So it ’s not the fact of popularizing , which is fine .
Hoard Fast popularized history in his novels but he did it in a meaningful and important way .
But , sure , I welcome non-professional historians .
I remember Barbara Tuchman , who wrote the book 1914 , about World War I .
Not a professional historian but a very good historian , a colorful and very fine writer .
People like her and Ray Raphael should be welcomed for what they do .
RB : I asked you because there seems to be a continuation of the mythology of the godly heavenly mandate that seems to accrue to the Founding Fathers .
They seem to have a halo around them —
HZ : Exactly .
The unfortunate thing about it is not just that it is a misreading of history and a distortion of the actual role these slave holders and wealthy people played in putting down the poor and so on .
Not just a misreading .
What it does — and to me this is most important — how you deal with the past , what effect it has on the present .
When you have hagiography about figures of the past , what you are doing is creating in the public an inclination to trust your leaders of the present and to look upon them as important and not questioning them .
I remember during the Vietnam War , people saying , “ Well , he ’s the president of the United States — ”
RB : He knows what he is doing .
HZ : Even in the recent war , Dan Rather , a presumably intelligent news commentator , saying , “ Well , he ’s my commander - in - chief and what he says goes . ”
RB : What is your sense of how history is being taught today ?
HZ : Well , it ’s better than it used to be .
And still not adequate .
Lets ’s put it this way : a critical and a people ’s history — paying more attention to native Americans and women and working people and so on — that has made inroads in the teaching of history which did n’t exist before .
RB : Have any public school systems adopted your book as a text ?
HZ : Yes , yes , whole departments , whole schools .
Actually , as I think of it , more private than public schools .
I guess simply because private schools have more freedom than public schools .
They are not subject to state legislatures and politicians and so on .
But even in public schools , my book has been used more and more .
This is a relatively new development .
When the book first came out , it — is there such a thing as a libro non grata ?
RB : Sure , usually they are burned .
[ both laugh ]
HZ : Yes , but now I am a little worried about the book ’s respectability .
RB : Have you changed your mind about anything or things in the last decade ?
HZ : [ chuckles ]
RB : Do you see things differently at all ?
HZ : [ long pause ]
That ’s a good question .
I suppose we all should be examining ourselves all the time to see if we still hold the same views .
Maybe all I can say is I think my views have become intensified .
I am even more persuaded than I was ten years ago that governments are essentially rotten and not to be trusted .
To put it another way , the anarchist distrust for government — as more history parades itself before us , the more events come into our view — the anarchist distrust of government seems to me more and more legitimate .
After Jean Paul Sartre died , and there were a lot of recollections of Sartre and so on , and someone who interviewed him just before …
I was thinking about Sartre being interviewed just before he died and I became worried that you are interviewing people just before they die .
[ both laugh ]
Which is a very common thing in oral history .
It ’s triage — you think , “ Who am I going to interview first ? ” and decide to interview the oldest first .
No , you do n’t think that .
RB : I did have Kurt Vonnegut on my list of future conversations .
HZ : You missed out .
One of my great fortunes was to become friends with Kurt Vonnegut in the last ten years .
By the way , they are making a film–a documentary group in Chile is making a film–about Kurt Vonnegut .
RB : Makes you wonder why an American group would n’t hop on that idea immediately ?
HZ : That ’s right .
RB : There is a new Vonnegut anthology forthcoming and his son has written the introduction .
HZ : You know his son wrote a memoir about his own mental illness ?
RB : No .
HZ : He might be interesting to talk to .
He lives in Milton , I think .
He ’s a physician .
He ’s a schizophrenic and wrote a book about it , and he came out of and went to Harvard Medical School .
RB : Amazing — we were talking about Sartre .
HZ : I ’m sorry .
I was saying , we started out with you asking me if I had changed my views and somebody asked Sartre , in retrospect on his life , “ Do you have any regrets about the positions that you took ? ”
Sartre replied , “ I was n’t radical enough . ” [ both laugh ]
RB : He was an admirer of the Soviets , called a Stalinist apologist .
HZ : He was .
That ’s one of the things that caused a break between him and Camus .
When he said , “ I was n’t radical enough , ” I do n’t think he meant , “ I was n’t Communist enough . ”
I think he meant , on the other hand , that it was more radical to recognize the limits of Communism–to be a true Communist , a true radical .
RB : Because the people ’s history unfolds the stories of the marginalized and oppressed , the backlash of resentment against so - called political correctness — when you have a litany of stories about women and ethnicities and all manner of sexual identities , that is dismissed as politically correct — has that subsided ?
HZ : There will always be a clash , a continuing clash , between the defenders of traditional history and those who are writing a more radical and critical people ’s history .
I still keep getting criticism — the work is not objective , you are biased .
You saw the [ negative ] review of A Young People ’s History — talking about offshoots — soon there will be A Baby ’s History .
[ laughs ]
RB : This book , A People ’s History of the American Empire , ends with you pronouncing your great optimism , despite much evidence to the contrary , about humanity triumphing .
One wonders , [ is it a skeptical view or a cynical view , who would offer it ’s the grandeur of the American system to allow us our illusions ?
[ Herbert ]
Marcuse called it “ repressive tolerance , ” I think .
Was it [ Emile ] Zola or Anatole France who commented , “ It ’s the grandeur of Prussian law that the nobleman as well as the vagrant will be arrested for sleeping under the bridge ” ?
HZ : This whole issue of optimism and pessimism , cynicism and utopianism — these issues will always be with us .
Always you can draw up this double list .
Always .
You can draw up this double list you started to draw up , which is a terrifying list which shows we are still going to stupid wars and still violating people ’s liberties and all of that is true .
You ca n’t deny it .
On the other hand , you can also draw up a list which says there is a greater consciousness today in this country about the rights of women than there was twenty years ago .
There is a greater consciousness of people to sexual privacy .
A greater consciousness about that .
And the problem is — and there is a greater consciousness of the futility of war–it ’s a consciousness which can be set aside when [ there ’s ] a fusillade of propaganda from the government and it ’s echoed by the press , and that ’s what happened in the Iraq war .
But when people begin to learn facts and the information somehow makes its way even through the major media , then people ’s minds change .
As they have changed .
And the problem is , of course , that the changing of minds and the growing of consciousness does not immediately change policy .
We have the same policy going on , but under the surface , consciousness changes .
My optimism , if that ’s what you want to call it , which is not an optimism for the short term but for the long term , it ’s based on the thought that when consciousness develops at a certain point , it will break through that ceiling and something will change .
In the way that we have seen change take place in other parts of the world .
Where , apparently , all - powerful governments have been toppled by popular protest .
Not that these popular uprisings have therefore lead to wonderful societies .
They show the possibility that power can be dislodged when enough people become indignant and angry .
As they did in the Soviet Union .
What happened in the Soviet Union was that under the sheet of total control that the Communist Party exercised , there was a consciousness that grew — samizdat and cultural change , murmurs of rebellion and more and more contact with the outside world–and at a certain point it broke through .
Now , of course , what has happened in [ the former ]
Soviet Russia is not something admirable and yet we have at least a suggestion that things can change and that power is not always apparent — that the normal requisites of power , the military power , money , secret police and so on — are not sufficient to hold back change when enough people become aroused .
South Africa is a case in point .
Where a remarkable change took place with the ending of apartheid there .
Now the change that has taken place is not the best possible solution for the people of South Africa .
RB : We can make the same claim about Iran and the overthrow of the Shah .
HZ : There was revolution in Iran [ … ] — whoever holds power in Iran there is a different consciousness than there was with the Shah .
Their revolution set ideas in motion , which are still operative in Iran , below the surface of who is holding power .
This comes back to a question that you asked earlier , that is , Have I changed my mind about anything ?
If I have changed my mind about anything , it is about the timetable of progress .
That is , that those of us who have some hope for the future –maybe I ’ll use the word ‘ hope ’ instead of ‘ optimism ’ ( hope is not as confident a statement as optimism ) – we have to create a longer time frame .
We have to assume that it will take a lot longer for things to change than at one time we assumed .
We ca n’t expect that big changes will happen in our lifetime .
RB : But in some cases we face a deadline — as with global warming .
HZ : That ’s true .
RB : And at one point we faced strong possibilities of nuclear war , and the issue of proliferation even now haunts the moment .
HZ : Nuclear warfare is still a threat .
And you are right about global warming , which does n’t allow the luxury of waiting .
And it ’s a race and , I suppose , maybe the best justification for hope and optimism is a pragmatic one — it is more useful to be hopeful .
At least it gives us some energy , give us a better chance in this race .
Because it is a race .
RB : Speaking of races , it is an election year .
We will have a regime change of sorts .
What do you see at play in the presidential campaign of 2008 ?
HZ : One of the things that has happened in 2008 that did not happen in 2004 is that in 2004 , although we had already been at war for a year and a half , the Democratic candidate , Kerry , did not take a clear antiwar stance .
The Democratic candidates , even though the details are murky , they have said , we are going to get us out of the war .
Hillary Clinton says , “ I ’m going to take us out of Iraq . ”
They may not say exactly when but all have said they were going to end the war .
So we have made some progress since the last election .
There has been some recognition of the change in public opinion about the war .
More recognition about the stupidity and futility and failure of the war .
And that ’s a good thing .
I do n’t recall in the 2004 election that anybody came forward very strongly with the idea of universal health care .
It was not a major issue .
In fact in the election of 2004 it was very hard to find a major issue that was presented in a clear way .
Which is one of the reasons that the Democrats lost .
Now , all the Democrats came forward with plans for what they call universal health care , which are better than anything proposed previously , even though they are not the best kind of plans .
So I see some progress made , I am hopeful that whoever the Democratic candidate is , the Republican administration will be ousted in the next election .
I say this not on the basis of enormous enthusiasm for the Democratic candidates but on the basis of an enormous distaste in the country for what has been going on so far — the war and everything connected with this administration .
So I am hopeful for this election , although even assuming that a Democrat is elected , whether Clinton or Obama , I do n’t expect there will be a radical change .
I do n’t expect them to immediately get out of Iraq , I do n’t expect them to immediately institute what we need as a health plan — we really need a single - payer system health plan .
But I do expect that they will be more open and sensitive to the popular currents swirling around in the country .
The Republican administration has been totally deaf to whatever the people have been saying in the country .
They have been going their own way .
They have felt very confident that they can do whatever they want and not listen to anything that the public is saying .
I think that the Democratic candidates will at least [ have ] the advantage of being more sensitive to public opinion .
RB : 2004 was about so called moral issues –which any number of people , Thomas Frank in What ’s Wrong with Kansas , for example –explained why working people voted against their own real interests .
HZ : The moral issues came to the fore because there was a vacuum in other areas .
And because what you are calling people ’s own interests were not really appealed to .
And their interests were not really identified and described by the candidates in such a way as to make people aware that their interests were being jettisoned .
But , as always , I do n’t think we are going to see the kind of changes we need coming from the White House unless there is a rising popular movement .
My hope is that there is such a movement growing .
That more and more people are becoming aware of the environment .
And more and more people are fed up with wars and that the new president will be open to this .
RB : Thank you — always a pleasure .
Images by Red Diaz / Duende Publishing
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Friday , September 12 , 2008
Royal Mail is set to honor Marie Stopes , a feminist who opened the first birth control clinic in Britain in 1921 as well as being Nazi sympathizer and a eugenicist who advocated that non-whites and the poor be sterilized , by adopting her image for a new set of stamps .
Stopes , a racist and an anti-Semite , campaigned for selective breeding to achieve racial purity , a passion she shared with Adolf Hitler in adoring letters and poems that she sent the leader of the Third Reich .
The feminist also attended the Nazi congress on population science in Berlin in 1935 , while calling for the “ compulsory sterilisation of the diseased , drunkards , or simply those of bad character . ”
Stopes acted on her appalling theories by concentrating her abortion clinics in poor areas so as to reduce the birth rate of the lower classes .
Stopes left most of her estate to the Eugenics Society , an organization that shared her passion for racial purity and still exists today under the new name The Galton Institute .
The society has included members such as Charles Galton Darwin ( grandson of the evolutionist ) , Julian Huxley and Margaret Sanger .
Ominously , The Galton Institute website promotes its support and funding initiative for “ the practical delivery of family planning facilities , especially in developing countries . ”
In other words , the same organization that once advocated sterilizing black people to achieve racial purity in the same vein as the Nazis is now bankrolling abortions of black babies in the third world .
Several prominent individuals have expressed their outrage that Stopes is to be included on the 50 p stamp in Britain .
Chaplain to the Stock Exchange Peter Mullen , who is Rector of St Michael ’s in the City of London , branded Stopes a ‘ Nazi sympathiser ’ .
He said : ‘ She campaigned to have the poor , the sick and people of mixed race sterilised .
‘ Stopes extended her vile doctrines even to her own family .
She cut her son Harry out of her will after he married a near - sighted woman – actually the daughter of Barnes Wallis , inventor of the bouncing bomb deployed by the Dambusters .
‘ She planned to adopt a child herself - but stipulated that “ the boy must be completely healthy , intelligent and uncircumcised ” .
‘ The managers of the Royal Mail deserve to be condemned for their honouring Marie Stopes . ’
Anthony Ozimic of the Society for the Protection of Unborn Children said : “ Praising Marie Stopes as a woman of distinction should be as unacceptable as praising Adolf Hitler as a great leader . ”
“ Both promoted compulsory sterilisation and thereby the eventual elimination of society ’s most vulnerable members to achieve what they called racial progress . ”
Others are now campaigning to return any items of mail with the new stamp on them .
The fact that the image of Stopes was chosen by a group of female academics and historians underscores the very real foothold that eugenics - style thinking still maintains amongst 21st century elitists .
Alex Jones ’ 2007 documentary End Game exposes how the origins of eugenics began not with Hitler and the Nazis , but in fact with the Anglo - American elite towards the end of the 19th century .
The same sentiments continue to be advanced , albeit under different guises such as the Optimum Population Trust movement and some aspects of environmentalism , such as the promotion of one child policies to reduce global warming .
Infamously , an Australian ABC News website aimed at children caused outrage back in May when it advised kids of “ when you should die ” by calculating their “ carbon footprint . ”
Perhaps most disturbing is the fact that many would still find common ground with Stopes ’ disgusting Nazi ideology even today .
Indeed , one of the first reader comments on a Daily Mail article on the subject in response to Stopes ’ advocacy of sterilizing parents who the state decrees to be of “ bad character ” states , “ I do not agree with many of her ideas but this one is probably not a bad idea for todays society . ”
In fact – the majority of the respondents to the article agree that most humans should be sterilized and / or killed .
“ A lot of people should be sterilized , IMO .
It ’s still true today , ” writes another .
“ Just imagine what a stable , well - ordered society we ’d have if compulsory sterilisation had been adopted years ago for the socially undesirable , ” states another respondent , calling for a “ satellite - carried sterilisation ray ” to be installed in space to zap the undesirables .
Shockingly , another compares sterilization and genocide of those deemed inferior to the breeding and culling of farmyard animals , and says that such a move is necessary to fight overpopulation and global warming .
Here is the comment in full from “ Karen ” in Wales ;
We breed farm animals to produce the best possible stock and kill them when they have fulfilled their purpose .
We inter - breed pedigree animals to produce extremes that leave them open to ill - health and early death .
It is only religion that says humans are not animals .
The reality is that we are simply intelligent , mammalian primates .
The world population of humans has increased from 2 billion to 6.5 billion in the last 50 years .
This planet can support 2 billion humans comfortably .
6.5 billion humans use too many resources and leads to global warming , climate change and a very uncertain future for all of us – humans and all other life sharing this planet with us .
Marie Stopes believed in population control and in breeding the best possible humans .
So did Hitler .
Neither of the aims are bad in themselves .
It is how they are achieved that is the problem .
The fact that we still remember Marie Stopes is an achievement in itself .
The nature of these comments is so fundamentally sick and twisted that one is tempted to dismiss them as a joke – but these people are deadly serious .
The kind of people who express such sentiments to ‘ improve society by sterilizing the scum ’ or to “ save the planet ’ are blissfully ignorant of the fact that to elitists we are all scum too .
Anyone who is not a member of the elite , whether they are middle class or working class , are considered inferior and this is why the prevalence of such ideas is so dangerous to everyone .
In addition , those advocating the wholesale genocide of over 4 billion people and dismissing it as nothing more immoral than the culling of livestock seem to be somewhat reticent to offer themselves or their family members up as the first to be sacrificed ‘ for the good of the earth ’ .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
" I 'm not sure if their parents have been too happy about their children loving it , but kids were very excited by it all , which is interesting because art is never normally aimed at children .
According to an ancient Greek philosopher , scientist and healer all matter is comprised of four elements : earth , water , fire and air and associated these four elements with gods and goddesses of Greek mythology .
In more contemporary cosmologies these elements have been used to relate and contrast ideas of substance , feelings , energy and thought respectively .
Our scientific classifications have evolved but these four elements still inform our understanding of amazing elemental natural formations and phenomenal wonders of the world .
15 Elemental Earth Formations and Phenomena :
The Earth is an amazing place but many of its most phenomenal formations are so massive and expansive they can only be truly appreciated from the sky or from space .
From gigantic alluvial fans to sweeping impact craters and darkened caves to brilliant coral reefs here are fifteen amazing natural land formations from around the planet .
15 Elemental Water , Snow and Ice Formations and Phenomena : Everyone knows that most of the surface of the Earth is covered in water and ice , but this essential element takes many more forms than those we take for granted .
From gigantic glaciers and deafening waterfalls to jagged fields of ice and majestic fjords here are fifteen of the world ’s most awe - inspiring water , snow and ice formations .
12 Elemental Fire and Light Formations and Phenomena :
The element of fire is a harbinger of destruction and life depending upon its form and intensity .
Someday the sun will destroy the Earth but for now it provides essential heat and light to life on the planet .
From the renewing power of forest fires to the awesome energy of lightning and the beautiful nighttime light formations of the atmosphere here are twelve dazzling light and fire phenomena .
10 Elemental Sky and Cloud Formations and Phenomena : Clouds and weather produce some of the most stunning yet transient natural artworks of Mother Nature , all the more beautiful during those rare moments they are captured on film or video .
From brilliant rainbows and uncanny sprites to miraculous mirages and other crazy cloud formations here are ten beautiful sky , cloud and weather phenomena .
Where do you plant your idea seeds ?
How do you give those idea seeds the love and attention they need to become your next great idea ?
From my experience , most people have the hardest time at the incubation step in the creative process .
We all have good ideas , but some of us do n’t do a good job of capturing those ideas and tending them until they ’re ready to come out .
Hence the need for every one of us to have at least one idea garden .
An idea garden is simply a place to park your ideas .
But it ’s not just about planting your ideas somewhere — these seeds need sun and water , as it were .
Without getting the energy and attention they need , they ’ll become just more ideas that never see the light of day .
To make this concept more tangible , I ’ll use my blog idea garden as an example .
In a folder on my server are a bunch of text files , each with a title that represents the idea or topic for the post .
Here ’s what it looks like :
But it ’s more than that .
Each file has a brief abstract of what I was thinking .
For instance , here ’s the text from “ The Tension Between Incubating Ideas and Dwelling Upon Them ” :
There ’s a very delicate balance between giving some time for incubating ideas and dwelling upon them for too long .
If you try to push the idea out before it ’s ready , it lacks the richness of a well - formed idea .
On the other hand , if you hold on it too long , it loses its power and can become forgotten .
Learn how long to hold onto an idea before sharing it — because great ideas are a social product .
As you can see , I have enough information to write a blog post on that .
But , more importantly , you can see how that post connects with the one you ’re currently reading : because I ’d been thinking about that problem , I started thinking about a way to keep the ideas growing .
This explains , to some extent , why many of my posts are so tightly linked to each other — the ideas do n’t come from a vacuum each morning .
Rather , I tend the idea garden and nurture ideas , and most of the time , they link to other ideas .
Of course , this also explains why I have to be careful how much I write : the more I tend the idea garden , the more idea seeds I get .
The more idea seeds I get , the more I feel the urge to write .
The more I write , the more I tend the idea garden .
It ’d be a great process if blogging and writing were the only things I did .
Another reason I do it the way I do it is because it ’s relatively fiddle - proof .
If I have an idea , I ’ll start a new text document ( since Textmate stays open , this is a keystroke ) , write the idea in the text window , and get back to whatever else I was doing .
When I ’m done with that , I ’ll come back to the seedling , name it , and save it in the garden .
If I see that it needs some more work or that it connects with another idea in the garden ( or on the blog ) , I ’ll highlight that and then save it .
Sometimes , if I have time , I ’ll go ahead and write out the post .
The main point , though , is that the seedling is there .
It ’s not lost somewhere in my head , and I ’m not monkeying around with the app du jour to see how it works .
At least once a week , I ’ll go through the garden , open up every seedling , and see what needs to be tended .
Usually , I ’ll have a good feeling about when I need to write a post based on how it relates to other ideas or how excited about or interested in the idea I am .
After I write the post , I ’ll move that seedling to my “ completed posts ” folder .
A downside to doing it this way is that I sometimes get bottlenecked — I see that for presentation purposes and logical flow , I need to write about certain ideas before I write about others .
There is a tendency to get stuck on the preceding ideas , but I ’ve gotten better about disregarding that and writing , but not posting , later ideas just so I can see the best way to lead into them .
Enough about my process and metaphors .
The reason this works is because the tending of the garden is both Preparation and Incubation .
( Tweet this . )
The actual technique may be idiosyncratic , but the principles of the technique can be applied to any creative pursuit .
A graphic designer may have a folder or notepad with half - drawn drafts that she reviews in the morning .
A musician may have bits of a song that he plays while getting in the creative groove .
An entrepreneur may just have a scrapbook of problems with potential solutions .
A painter may display silhouettes of ideas on her canvasses in a separate place from her main work area .
It ’s hard for me to give specific advice here on how to set up your idea garden because it ’s really dependent on your workflow , processes , and creative pursuit .
However , having an idea garden is a sure way to keep your creativity flowing and your ideas growing .
What ’s your idea garden ?
How do you tend it ?
Sweden 's move comes after other countries have intervened
Sweden 's government has set out a plan to back up its financial system , with credit guarantees and a bail - out fund .
Under the package , Sweden will guarantee new medium - term liabilities of banks up to a level of 1.5 trillion kronor ( £ 117.2bn ; $ 205bn ) .
Sweden 's central bank also said it would issue a $ 10 bn ( £ 5.7 bn ) loan on Wednesday to help the credit markets .
The moves are aimed at boosting confidence in the financial sector , after recent market jitters .
Sweden has become the latest in a series of governments to have taken steps to boost liquidity in the wake of recent market turmoil .
Restoring confidence
" The government is proposing powerful new measures to ease the effects on Swedish households and companies of the financial turbulence , " said the country 's finance markets minister Mats Odell .
The aim of guaranteeing the money banks borrow in the medium term , was to " improve bank 's financing and lower their borrowing costs , " he said .
In addition the government will put 15 bn kronor into a fund that will be used in case a bank needs emergency capital .
Announcing its loan , the Riksbank , Sweden 's central bank , said that the government 's stability plan would serve to strengthen confidence and help to improve the functioning of the markets .
Although conditions in Sweden were better than in many other countries , the central bank said , Sweden and Swedish banks had been affected by not having access to long - term funding .
The Riksbank said there was " an urgent need " to restore confidence in the credit markets , and it said the government 's proposed borrowing guarantee would contribute to this .
For the last few weeks I 've been working on some projects , but there is one in particular that I think will be really useful for the blog community .
It 's called Sikbox .
Sikbox is a web app that allows you to add a live search to your site , or any site .
It uses the Yahoo Boss api and it actually works better than my Drupal default search system .
This project was done pretty quickly .
I had the honor to work on the logo and web design with my brother , Eduardo Sasso , the Ninja programmer , and Fabiano , the CSS samurai .
Anyway , in this post I want to share a bit of the ideas and the design process for the logo creation .
Doing the home work
The first thing we did was look for references .
We visited lots of sites and also used the very helpful http://patterntap.com/.
Below are some of the references we had .
First ideas
The basic idea for the logo was to create a clear association with search .
The most common and iconographic symbol for that is the magnifying glass .
However we wanted a very subtle element and the first thoughts and sketches we had , tried to avoid that .
For the first designs we tried to use the search box result and the cursor for the symbol as you can see below .
I 'm terrible at drawing but they always help ;)
Back to the roots
After some sketches and designs we decided to forget about the other symbols and try to go with the magnifying glass ( but again something subtle and discreet ) .
The idea we had was to create the " b " with that element .
Also we had to rethink our idea for the best font style , we gave up the idea of a serif font .
Refining the idea .
Our first thought was use shadow to create the 3D effect , but as I always like to do the negative version , the shadows would n't work well in that format .
We decided to make the effect without the shadow instead .
Final design
Of course the whole process was much longer and painful :) but we think the end result was really cool and , despite the fact that we did n't want the magnifying glass symbol in the very beginning of the process , it ended up a lot better than we had thought .
That 's again why I think we have to like the design process otherwise this sort of starting from scratch thing can be very traumatizing , but if you learn to enjoy that everything will flow much better .
Razer Kraken headset
Prijs : € 72.90
De zwarte Razer kraken is een gaming headset met helder geluid .
Van subtiele voetstappen die achter je sluipen tot grote explosies die je wegblazen , elk geluidsdetail is te horen ....
In July 2008 , results from several clinical trials of novel Alzheimer ’s Disease treatments were presented at the Alzheimer ’s Association International Conference on Alzheimer ’s Disease ( ICAD 2008 ) in Chicago .
Among these results was an 84 - week phase II trial of TauRx ’s Rember .
Almost immediately , the mainstream media was reporting the most critical breakthrough in the history of Alzheimer ’s Disease .
This enthusiasm may be premature , however , and more research is needed on this new treatment option .
Methylthioninium chloride , marketed as Rember , is more commonly recognized as methylene blue .
It is a chemical compound that has been around for generations and is used most commonly as a chemical indicator in laboratory experiments .
However , it is also used to treat urinary tract infections , make inks , dye blue jeans , and even add color to blueberry pies .
In the current trial , researchers found that methylene blue targets and dissolves tau protein aggregates in nerve cells of Alzheimer ’s patients .
These tau “ tangles ” were discovered by Alois Alzheimer over 100 years ago and are a hallmark of what we now call Alzheimer ’s Disease .
These tangles are present in the brain long before any symptoms are clinically apparent , but are highly correlated with increasing dementia .
Tau tangles first destroy nerve cells responsible for memory and later destroy neurons in other areas of the brain as the disease progresses .
Methylene blue is able to dissolve these tau tangles and has produced cognitive and behavioral benefits in animal studies .
Rember is a product of TauRx Therapeutics Ltd , a Singapore - based company aimed at developing treatments for neurodegenerative conditions .
TauRx ’s cofounder , Claude Wischik , a professor at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland , is the lead researcher for Rember ’s clinical trials .
He conducted a 24 - week randomized , double - blind , placebo - controlled trial of Rember in 321 Alzheimer ’s patients throughout the United Kingdom and Singapore .
This was followed by a 60 - week blinded trial extension .
He reported that treatment with 60 mg of Rember three times daily produced significantly less cognitive decline that treatment with placebo .
Patients receiving 30 mg of Rember three times daily did not experience the same pronounced effects , and patients receiving 100 mg three times daily did not receive any benefit , but did experience gastrointestinal side effects .
At the end of 19 months , patients receiving Rember did not experience significant decline in mental function .
These data suggest that Rember may be twice as effective as current treatment options that are available , most of which target symptoms of Alzheimer ’s disease , but cannot alter the disease progression .
Rember is the first Alzheimer ’s drug that targets tau protein .
Most research is currently focused on destroying amyloid plaques present in the brains of Alzheimer ’s patients .
These plaques are caused by a buildup of waste protein in the brain and are not as highly correlated with dementia as tau tangles , but may be more related to normal aging processes .
If Rember is able to not only dissolve already - formed tau tangles but also prevent the formation of new ones , it could also be a key to Alzheimer ’s Disease prevention .
Researchers and practitioners agree that the new data produced by Rember is impressive , but there are several limitations to the results .
First , the research was conducted and presented by the pharmaceutical company ’s cofounder and current chair .
Second , and perhaps foremost , is that fact that no data has yet been published regarding the new findings .
Dr. Wischik reportedly plans to publish 3 papers , but will not do so until the United States FDA gives its approval for TauRx to conduct a phase III trial of Rember .
TauRx hopes to begin a phase III trial with more than 1000 participants in 2009 .
TauRx hopes that Rember will be on the market by 2012 .
Phase II trials are designed to examine dosing and toxicity .
Phase III trials are designed to examine efficacy .
Until large - scale phase III trials are conducted , and the findings are published in a peer - reviewed journal , the data is preliminary at best .
The Alzheimer ’s Association estimates that the number of people living with Alzheimer ’s disease will exceed 100 million by 2050 , translating to 1 out of every 85 people worldwide .
New research focused on modifying the course of Alzheimer ’s Disease is exciting and deserves attention , but we will have to wait and see whether or not Rember is the magic bullet that it claims to be .
References
Atamna , H. , Nguyen , A. , Schultz , C. , Boyle , K. , Newberry , J. , Kato , H. , Ames , B.N. ( 2007 ) .
Methylene blue delays cellular senescence and enhances key mitochondrial biochemical pathways .
The FASEB Journal , 22( 3 ) , 703-712 .
DOI : 10.1096/fj.07-9610com
Wischik , C.M. ( 1996 ) .
Selective inhibition of Alzheimer disease - like tau aggregation by phenothiazines .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , 93 ( 20 ) , 11213-11218 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.93.20.11213
DKos :
Over the last few days Governor Dean has been barnstorming swing states helping to get out the vote for Democratic candidates .
Just over the last weekend Governor Dean 's visited North Dakota , Minnesota , Washington , Oregon and today Governor Dean fired up the troops for Barack Obama in Arizona .
There 's no question that we 're not leaving anything on the table and not taking any vote for granted .
But you need to do your part too .
The time for rallies and speeches is over so Governor Dean recorded a short message from the road asking you to make sure to get out the vote today and tomorrow .
You can find your polling place , or polling places for friends and family at VoteForChange.com .
After Bill Clinton was elected in 1992 , it was common for right - wingers to argue that he was n't elected " legitimately " because he'd won with less than 50 percent of the vote , thanks to Ross Perot .
Of course , you did n't hear that much after 2000 , when the future Worst President in History effectively stole the White House without even winning the popular vote .
Now that they 're on the verge of getting an ass - kicking of historic proportions , they 're warming up that familiar refrain .
The Instaputz cleared his throat today with a numbingly dumb NY Post piece titled " Stealing an Election ?
Obama 's Dubious Allies " .
John Fund also held forth in Politico at length about how , yes , those falsified voter - registration form can in fact turn into real votes .
Well , yes , it is possible for fake registrations to be used for actual votes -- but to do so takes a large number of hoops to jump through on an individual basis .
And it's what you call a low - reward crime ; there is n't much incentive for large numbers of people to actually jump through all these hoops .
Fact is , the vast majority of fake registrations are winnowed out before Election Day .
And if fake voters actually do make it to the polls , their numbers will be so small as to be inconsequential .
No , the main way to commit voting fraud on a massive scale on the registration level is to sign people up for the election -- and then throw out their registrations if they 're from the opposite party .
Who 's been doing that ?
Republicans .
You can also run massive voter - purge operations and voter - caging schemes that rob citizens of their legitimate voting rights .
Republicans have been doing that too .
Facts do n't matter to people like the Putz and Fund , though .
They 're only interested in propagating right - wing bullshit .
These guys are setting the table for after Tuesday .
We can count , I 'm sure , on four years of hearing how Obama stole this election .
After all , the one thing they can't stand is to admit they actually got their asses kicked .
Bill Kristol says they 'll greet the news with " with our usual resolute stoicism or cheerful fatalism . "
Yeah , right , Let 's not forget their usual conspiracism and hysterics , either .
Because that 's what we 're already getting .
“ A thing of beauty is a joy forever :
Its loveliness increases ; it will never pass into nothingness . ”
— John Keats
Beauty , indeed , is a powerful thing .
Specific though it may be to the observer , to each one of us , beauty has an intoxicating power that affects our judgment , blinds us to shortcomings , and , in many cases , provokes lust .
Troll the lawn of any major concours d’élégance , and you ’ll see that old Johnny was right on the money .
A beautiful car is a thing to be savored , treasured , and preserved .
Why else would people display their cars on the concours if not for the flowing beauty of their sheetmetal ?
Why else would we sink so much time , effort , and money into an inanimate object if it did n’t look back at us with such a wanton , animate gaze ?
For a great many of us , a beautiful car planted the seeds for a lifelong addiction to all things automotive , and these 10 cars are bound to incite a few automotive addictions of their own .
They are the leggy supermodels of the auto industry , cars that make their first impression with exceeding beauty ( save the first pair , which are a different sort of lovely ) , and for the purposes of this story , that ’s all that matters .
Of course , there are many other cars that can be considered stunning , hot , cool , eye - catching , alluring , or any manner of highly suggestive descriptor , but few can be considered timelessly beautiful as Keats might define it .
These 10 are .
__________________________________________________________________________________
10 . 2009 Lotus Elise / 2009 Ariel Atom
Beauty is not always purely a matter of the aesthetic .
To those more technically minded ( as are several of our editors  Csere , VanderWerp , you know who you are ) , beauty can be a more cerebral , associative , objective factor .
Although the eensy , insectile Lotus Elise and the skeletal Ariel Atom are not necessarily beautiful in the traditional sense , the fact that they weigh next to nothing yet offer more power than many sport-utilities can make a math - minded car enthusiast drool at the sight of their unconventional bodies like Pavlovs dogs in a bell factory .
We re talking 0 to 60 mph in 4.5 seconds for the 2000 - pound Elise and three seconds flat in the 1400 - pound , 245 - hp Atom ( a 300 - hp model is also available ) .
You dont have to be a spreadsheet to get turned on by that .
__________________________________________________________________________________
9. 2009 Audi R8
Before the R8 , the thought of Audi building a credible supercar was audacious enough .
That it could make one that would be so arousingly beautiful was simply unfathomable .
But with the R8 , Audi has brought the world a car that performs like a true supercar and is sculpted in double - take sheetmetal .
Certainly helpful is the fact that Audi owns Lamborghini and thus has proven supercar innards — in this instance , those of the Gallardo — at its disposal , as well as a number of excellent powertrains capable of launching the aluminum - bodied sexpot forward as if it were shot from a cannon .
All that was left , then , was to wrap it in something beautiful .
And that Audi did .
__________________________________________________________________________________
8. 2009 Porsche Cayman
The Boxster is bitchin’ , but the Cayman is beautiful .
Yes , they ’re more or less the same car , but the Cayman proves there ’s something about a well - rendered roof that takes a good - looking car and drops it off at the doorstep of gorgeous .
In our book , it is just as purposeful but even more sexy than — dare we say it ?—its big brother , the legend itself , the Porsche 911 Carrera .
Blessed as it is with balanced mid-engine proportions , roof contours that drip down into the swollen fenders , and a smart , determined gaze , the Cayman makes its driver look as good as he or she feels .
And as we ’ve said many times before , when you drive one , you feel pretty good .
__________________________________________________________________________________
7. 2009 Mercedes - Benz CLS - Class
Beauty is seldom encountered among four - doors since , in the car world , accumulating doors usually means subtracting style .
But the Mercedes - Benz CLS - class proves that sedans can be beautiful , too .
Sure , the CLS cheats a bit , achieving its captivating looks by incorporating some coupe - derived design elements such as a low , chopped roof and slim windows , and this translates into a cramped rear seat that holds only two people — short people .
This car is best enjoyed from the outside , where light streaks over spectacular arching body contours like shooting stars .
It is at once delightfully simple and wonderfully extravagant , and we celebrate it as an experiment in style that went very , very well .
Fast forward to Pebble Beach 2058 , and you can bet there will be a CLS or two on the lawn .
__________________________________________________________________________________
6. 2009 Audi S5
Current Audi / Lamborghini /SEAT
design chief Walter de'Silva has designed many beautiful cars during his illustrious career .
But even after designing the mouthwatering Audi R8 , de 'Silva himself called the Audi S5 , along with its less powerful , somewhat more subdued A5 twin , the most beautiful car he has ever penned .
One of the most passionate designs ever to come out of Germany , the S5 wears a perfect balance of masculine and feminine elements , mixing a strong , assertive gaze with elegantly flowing fenders and a thick fuselage offset with delicate brightwork .
Sporty accents to the S5 include a squared - off chin , subtle sill extensions , a slightly longer decklid , and four wonderfully vocal tailpipes — all without detracting from the coupe ’s innate beauty .
Best of all , it sets the tone for the styling of Audi ’s lineup henceforth .
Lucky us .
__________________________________________________________________________________
5. 2009 Pontiac Solstice Coupe
Although most of the cars in this group are rather costly , beautiful cars are not the exclusive domain of the rich .
For proof , we submit Pontiac ’s upcoming Solstice coupe .
Little more than a Solstice convertible with a bit more sheetmetal and cargo space , the Solstice coupe joins the Cayman in proving that more is indeed more when it comes to beauty .
With well - integrated rear flanks , a radius - edged liftback window , and a double - bubble targa top , the hardtop corrects the Solstice convertible ’s greatest flaw : its wretched fabric roof , which neither fits nor looks right .
The Solstice coupe is easy on the eye from any angle , and at an estimated $ 25,000 when it hits the market early next year , it ’ll be pretty easy on the wallet , too .
______________________________________
4. 2009 Aston Martin V - 8 Vantage
It is entirely accurate to consider Aston Martin ’s little V - 8 Vantage a seven - eighths - scale DB9 .
Roughly the same size as a Nissan 350Z and only a little bit quicker , the V - 8 Vantage is nonetheless much , much pricier .
So how can Aston get away with charging $ 80,000 more for the V - 8 Vantage ?
Simple : The V - 8 Vantage is absolutely gorgeous .
With the same long - hood , short - deck formula as that of its larger sibling , but with a slightly different styling edge in the form of large wheels and a ducktail tush , the V - 8 Vantage offers a rarely achieved balance of beauty and sportiness , proving that classic GT proportions are indeed scalable .
__________________________________________________________________________________
3. 2009 Maserati GranTurismo
Few brand names in the automobile business — or any business , for that matter — can match the bitchy , prosodic fabulousness of “ Maserati . ”
And few cars in the world can match the voluptuous regality of Maserati ’s GranTurismo .
In other words , it ’s beautiful whether you ’re saying it or seeing it .
Compared with the similarly designed Aston Martin DBS ( long hood , front - midship engine layout ) , the GranTurismo succeeds not with ornamentation but through the emotional , almost whimsical curvature of its plus - size body .
The fact that a raucous , Ferrari - derived V - 8 resides under the long hood is just icing on one helluva beautiful cake .
__________________________________________________________________________________
2. 2009 Aston Martin DBS
Short of poaching the entire design staff from BMW , Aston Martin could n’t design an ugly car if it put the wheels on the roof .
And its newest flagship , the DB9 - based DBS , is one of the most beautiful Astons yet .
At more than $ 260,000 , it ’s just about the most expensive , too , until the million - dollar One - 77 is unveiled , anyway .
Carbon fiber is the dominant material for the body of this quintessential gentleman ’s grand tourer , and its brilliant , classic proportions are blessed with better curves than a Bond girl and a more chiseled jaw than Double - O himself .
Embellishing those big hips and shoulders are details to die for ( another day , presumably ) , including lacy 20 - inch wheels , upward - swinging doors , and perfectly situated , fully functional ducts and grilles .
The DBS blends form and function at the highest level .
And you do n’t have to be Q to appreciate that .
__________________________________________________________________________________
1. 2009 Alfa Romeo 8C Competizione
Purity of form — billowing fenders , teardrop windows , and almond headlamps , among other things — and the perfect positioning of details are what makes the 8C so sexy .
Its wheels , for example , are already regarded by our staff as among the 10 hottest , and its lower air intakes could quite possibly bring the mustache back in vogue .
Given the shapely sheetmetal , it hardly even matters , but what ’s underhood is nearly as splendid as the wrapper : a sonorous 4.7 - liter V - 8 that is closely related to the engine found in another car on this list , the Maserati GranTurismo , as well as several Ferraris .
Most Americans currently do n’t know — or care one way or another — about Alfa Romeo ’s plans to return to the U.S.
But anyone lucky enough to lay eyes on the brilliant 8C Competizione that is leading the charge will be darn glad Alfa ’s back .
Why ?
Because this is beauty .
__________________________________________________________________________________
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The IMF just released a study that analyzed 124 banking crises , and I wish everyone in Congress ( well , at least their staffers ) , the Treasury , and the Fed read the paper .
It provides insight into what worked and did n’t work in past banking crises , and gives an idea of what we might expect from various policy measures .
I ’ve only skimmed it , and key bits stick out .
Page 6 :
Existing empirical research has shown that providing assistance to banks and their borrowers can be counterproductive , resulting in increased losses to banks , which often abuse forbearance to take unproductive risks at government expense .
The typical result of forbearance is a deeper hole in the net worth of banks , crippling tax burdens to finance bank bailouts , and even more severe credit supply contraction and economic decline than would have occurred in the absence of forbearance .
Cross -country analysis to date also shows that accommodative policy measures ( such as substantial liquidity support , explicit government guarantee on financial institutions ’ liabilities and forbearance from prudential regulations ) tend to be fiscally costly and that these particular policies do not necessarily accelerate the speed of economic recovery .
5
Of course , the caveat to these findings is that a counterfactual to the crisis resolution cannot be observed and therefore it is difficult to speculate how a crisis would unfold in absence of such policies .
Better institutions are , however , uniformly positively associated with faster recovery .
Now of course , one can argue that the IMF is biased and this paper is merely a defense of the cold - water remedies it imposed in the Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 1998 , which produced a great deal of dislocation ( business failures , rises in unemployment , riots , changes in government ) .
But one reason the US would not suffer as badly is that we have the reserve currency .
In Indonesia and Thailand , what made a bad situation worse was that companies had borrowed in foreign currencies , so that when the home currency plunged in value , the debt burden rose sharply , sinking a lot of businesses .
The paper contains other useful warnings that appear to be getting little heed .
For instance :
All too often , central banks privilege stability over cost in the heat of the containment phase : if so , they may too liberally extend loans to an illiquid bank which is almost certain to prove insolvent anyway .
Also , closure of a nonviable bank is often delayed for too long , even when there are clear signs of insolvency ( Lindgren , 2003 ) .
Since bank closures face many obstacles , there is a tendency to rely instead on blanket government guarantees which , if the government ’s fiscal and political position makes them credible , can work albeit at the cost of placing the burden on the budget , typically squeezing future provision of needed public services .
And this :
Special bank restructuring agencies are often set up to restructure distressed banks ( in 48 percent of crises ) and asset management companies ( AMC ) have been set up in 60 percent of crises to manage distressed assets .
Asset management companies tend to be centralized rather than decentralized .
Examining the cases where AMCs were used , we find that the use of AMCs is positively correlated with peak non-performing loans and fiscal costs , with correlation coefficients of about 15 percent in both cases .
These correlations may suggest some degree of ineffectiveness in AMC ’s , at least in those episodes where asset management companies were established .
In line with these simple correlations we find Klingebiel ( 2000 ) who studies 7 crises where asset management companies were used and concludes that they were largely ineffective .
So much for the idea that taxpayers might show a profit .
We have been advocating direct recapitlization of banks , and the research finds that even though it has larger up - front costs than some other options , economies that go this route fare better :
Another important policy used in the resolution phase of banking crises is recapitalization of banks .
In 32 out of the 42 selected crisis episodes , banks were recapitalized by the government .
Recapitalization costs constitute the largest fraction of fiscal costs of banking crises and takes many forms … .
On average , the net recapitalization cost to the government ( after deducting recovery proceeds from the sale of assets ) amounts to 6.0 percent of GDP across crisis countries in the sample , though in the case of Indonesia it reaches as high as 37.3 percent of GDP .
Recapitalizations seem to be associated with lower output losses .
The correlation between recapitalizations and output losses is about - 15 percent .
A rationale behind this correlation is presented in Valencia ( 2008 ) , who shows — in a rational expectations bank model — how a persistent credit crunch can generate significant output losses , following a shock to bank capital .
Therefore , by replenishing banks ’ capital , the supply of credit returns to normal sooner and the output losses become smaller .
These programs DO NOT pay for themselves :
Fiscal costs , net of recoveries , associated with crisis management can be substantial , averaging about 13.3 percent of GDP on average , and can be as high as 55.1 percent of GDP .
Recoveries of fiscal outlays vary widely as well , with the average recovery rate reaching 18 percent of gross fiscal costs
As we have suggested , there is no free lunch :
There appears to be a negative correlation between output losses and fiscal costs , suggesting that the cost of a crisis is paid either through fiscal costs or larger output losses .
The New York Times ’ Dealbook discusses a Merrill Lynch write - up of the IMF report :
Will the U.S. financial system collapse today , or maybe over the next few days ?
I do n’t think so  but I ’m nowhere near certain .
You see , Lehman Brothers , a major investment bank , is apparently about to go under .
And nobody knows what will happen next .
To understand the problem , you need to know that the old world of banking , in which institutions housed in big marble buildings accepted deposits and lent the money out to long - term clients , has largely vanished , replaced by what is widely called the “ shadow banking system . ”
Depository banks , the guys in the marble buildings , now play only a minor role in channeling funds from savers to borrowers ; most of the business of finance is carried out through complex deals arranged by “ nondepository ” institutions , institutions like the late lamented Bear Stearns  and Lehman .
The new system was supposed to do a better job of spreading and reducing risk .
But in the aftermath of the housing bust and the resulting mortgage crisis , it seems apparent that risk was n’t so much reduced as hidden : all too many investors had no idea how exposed they were .
And as the unknown unknowns have turned into known unknowns , the system has been experiencing postmodern bank runs .
These do n’t look like the old - fashioned version : with few exceptions , we ’re not talking about mobs of distraught depositors pounding on closed bank doors .
Instead , we ’re talking about frantic phone calls and mouse clicks , as financial players pull credit lines and try to unwind counterparty risk .
But the economic effects  a freezing up of credit , a downward spiral in asset values  are the same as those of the great bank runs of the 1930s .
Here 's a formula for fun :
Arm two superpowers to the teeth with thousands of nuclear warheads .
Make sure they are deeply hostile and suspicious of each other .
Now , cut off diplomatic communication , stir in about 50 smaller countries with their own agendas on each side , and you 've got yourself a cold war !
1. Suez Crisis
Getty Images
On November 5 , 1956 , during the Suez crisis , the North American Aerospace Defense Command ( NORAD ) received warnings that seemed to indicate that a large - scale Soviet attack was under way : a Soviet fleet was moving from the Black Sea to a more aggressive posture in the Aegean , 100 Soviet MiGs were detected flying over Syria , a British bomber had just been shot down in Syria , and unidentified aircraft were in flight over Turkey , causing the Turkish air force to go on high alert .
All signs pointed to the ominous , except that , not long after , each of the four warnings was found to have a completely innocent explanation .
The Soviet fleet was conducting routine exercises , the MiGs were part of a normal escort — whose size had been exaggerated — for the president of Syria , the British bomber had made an emergency landing after mechanical problems , and , last but not least , the unidentified planes over Turkey ?
Well , they turned out to be a large flock of swans .
2. SAC - NORAD Communication Failure
On November 24 , 1961 , all communication links between the U.S. Strategic Air Command ( SAC ) and NORAD suddenly went dead , cutting off the SAC from three early warning radar stations in England , Greenland , and Alaska .
The communication breakdown made no sense , though .
After all , a widespread , total failure of all communication circuits was considered impossible , because the network included so many redundant systems that it should have been failsafe .
The only alternative explanation was that a full - scale Soviet nuclear first strike had occurred .
As a result , all SAC bases were put on alert , and B - 52 bomber crews warmed up their engines and moved their planes onto runways , awaiting orders to counterattack the Soviet Union with nuclear weapons .
Luckily , those orders were never given .
It was discovered that the circuits were not in fact redundant because they all ran through one relay station in Colorado , where a single motor had overheated and caused the entire system to fail .
3. U2 Spy Plane Accidentally Violates Soviet Airspace
U2 spy planes were high - altitude aircraft that took pictures of the Soviet Union with extremely powerful long - distance telephoto lenses .
During the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 , U2 pilots were ordered not to fly within 100 miles of the Soviet Union to avoid antagonizing the Soviets .
However , on October 26 , 1962 , a U2 pilot flying over the North Pole made a series of navigational errors because the shifting lights of the aurora borealis prevented him from taking accurate readings with his sextant .
As a result , he ended up flying over the Chukotski Peninsula in northern Siberia , causing the Soviets to order a number of MiG interceptors to shoot his plane down immediately .
Instead of letting him be shot down , however , the United States responded quickly by sending out F - 102A fighters armed with nuclear missiles to escort the U2 back to American airspace and prevent the MiGs from following it .
Unbelievably , the tactic worked .
Even more amazing : the decision whether to use their nuclear missiles was left to the American pilots , and could have easily resulted in a nuclear conflict .
4. When Camping , Make Sure to Hide Your Nuclear Weapons
On October 25 , 1962 , again during the Cuban Missile Crisis , a security guard at an air base in Duluth , Minnesota , saw a shadowy figure scaling one of the fences enclosing the base .
He shot at the intruder and activated an intruder alarm , automatically setting off intruder alarms at neighboring bases .
However , at the Volk Field air base in Wisconsin , the Klaxon loudspeaker had been wired incorrectly , and instead sounded an alarm ordering F - 106A interceptors armed with nuclear missiles to take off .
The pilots assumed that a full - scale nuclear conflict with the Soviet Union had begun .
The planes were about to take off when a car from the air traffic control tower raced down the tarmac and signaled the planes to stop .
The intruder in Duluth had finally been identified : it was a bear .
5. A Terrifying Crash
Getty Images
On January 21 , 1968 , fire broke out on a B - 52 carrying a nuclear payload near Greenland , forcing the crew to bail out .
The unmanned plane then crashed about seven miles from the early warning radar station in Greenland .
The damage done could have been remarkable .
The plane exploded , as did the explosives surrounding the radioactive core of the nuclear weapons ( which require conventional explosives to detonate ) .
Given the state of nuclear weapons technology at the time , this type of unintentional detonation of conventional first - stage explosives could have theoretically triggered the second - stage fission reaction , resulting in a nuclear explosion .
Luckily for the world , it did n't .
The resulting explosion would have not only severed regular communications between the early warning station and NORAD , it would have also triggered an emergency alarm based on radiation readings taken by sensors near the station .
The only conclusion at NORAD headquarters , in this grisly hypothetical but very plausible scenario , would have been that the Soviets were launching a preemptive nuclear strike , and the United States would have responded in kind .
6. Comp Fear
On November 9 , 1979 , four command centers for the U.S. nuclear arsenal received data on their radar screens indicating that the Soviet Union had launched a full - scale nuclear first strike on the United States .
Over the next six minutes , planes were launched and nuclear missiles initialized for an immediate retaliatory strike .
The president 's National Emergency Airborne Command Post — an armored jumbo jet with radiation shielding and advanced communications capabilities , meant to allow the president to remain in contact with the government and armed forces during a nuclear war — was also launched , though curiously without the president aboard .
However , the alarm was canceled because no sensors or satellites detected an actual Soviet missile launch .
The alarm had been caused by computer software used for training exercises depicting a nightmare scenario Soviet first strike .
Senator Charles Percy , who happened to be at NORAD headquarters during this event , said the reaction was one of overwhelming panic and terror .
Justifiably so .
7. Comp Fear , Part 2
Electronic displays at NORAD , the SAC , and the Pentagon included prominent , highly visible numeric counters showing the number of enemy nuclear missiles detected .
They normally displayed four zeros — " 0000 " — indicating that no nuclear missiles had been launched .
However , on June 3 , 1980 , at 2:25 in the morning , the counters started randomly substituting the number " 2 "  for " 0 . " 
As a result , crews manning bombers carrying nuclear weapons were ordered to begin to warm up their engines , Minuteman missiles were initialized for launch , and airborne command posts were also launched .
It was determined that this first event was a false alarm , but three days later it happened a second time — causing the entire emergency response procedure to start rolling once again .
The problem was eventually traced back to a single faulty computer chip combined with faulty wiring .
This article was excerpted from our book Forbidden Knowledge : A Wickedly Smart Guide to History 's Naughtiest Bits .
When it comes to picking the right e-mail client , Linux users have tons of choices .
I have here a list of 8 of the best free and open source e-mail clients that are available for Linux .
Mozilla Thunderbird
Evolution
KMail
Mutt
Alpine
Balsa
Claws Mail
Gnus
私が初めてドラゴン曲線を見たのは、マイケル・クライトンの■ジュラシック・パークだった。
一見したところカクカクした線の集合に過ぎず、何が特別なのかよく分からないだろう。イアン・マルカム（小説の登場人物の一人で数学者）の言うように、「そこに秘められた数学構造への手がかりはほとんど現われて」いないからだ。引用したのは「第一反復」であるが、章が進むにつれ、「分岐線が派生し」「細部がより鮮明に」なっていく。最終的にはこんな感じになる。上のとだいぶ違うように見えるかもしれないが、細部に注目。
ドラゴン曲線の一例
細部をみると全体の形と似ており、要するにフラクタル図形の一種である。一連のドラゴン曲線を比べてみると、比較的簡単なルールで細部が複雑になっていくのがわかった。私のような素人プログラマでも、ドラゴン曲線を描くプログラムを組めた。当時のパソコンの性能と、私の未熟なプログラム技術のため、線を描いているところが見えるぐらいの速度であったが、見ていて楽しかった。現在、ネット上で、ドラゴン曲線を描くプログラムが多数公表されている。
あるとき、ふと、 「 回転とコピーペーストがあればいいんだから、ペイントで描けるんじゃね？」と思いついてやってみたところ、意外と簡単に描けた。きれいなドラゴン曲線を描くにはコツがいるが、それでも慣れれば数分で描ける。上記引用した「ドラゴン曲線の一例」は5分足らずで描いたものだ。すでに同じことをやっている人がいると思ったが、検索してみた限りでは見つからない。だったら私がブログに書こう。フラクタル図形を描くのは楽しい。プログラムの知識がなくったって、この楽しみを味わえるんだ。
と思って解説記事を書こうとしたけど、はてなダイアリーでは、画像が多くなりすぎて収集つかない。どうしたものかと思案したが、動画をつくることにした。ペイントで描いているところをキャプチャーして、編集して、再生速度を上げて、音を付けてみた。初めてにしてはうまくできたと思うがどうか。「分岐線が派生し」「細部がより鮮明に」なっていく様子が見えるだろうか。
動画では早すぎてよくわからん、という人は、■ペイントで簡単にドラゴン曲線を描く方法を参照してください。
第 1 回 勉強会は、講師と受講者のライブセッションだ
よしおかひろた か
2008/7/29
エンジニアの開催する勉強会が増えている。本連載では、かつてシリコンバレーで「勉強会の文化」に身を置き、自らも長年にわたって勉強会を開催し続けている「生涯一プログラマ」のよしおかひろたか氏が、勉強会に参加し、開催するためのマインドとノウハウを紹介する。
｜ 1 2｜次のページ
勉強会が熱い 。 「 IT勉強会カレンダー」を見るとよく分かる。これはhanazukinさんが個人でまとめている、IT系の勉強会のカレンダーだ。
IT 勉強会カレンダ ー
開催場所を見ると、さすがに東京が多い。しかしそれ以外にも、大阪、福岡、沖縄、島根など、日本全国津々浦々、毎日なにがしかの勉強会が開催されている。規模もほんの数人から100人を超える大規模なものまで千差万別である。
われわれはなんと勉強会が好きな国民なのか。一億総勉強会フリークなのか。
本連載 「初めての勉強会」では、勉強会好きなあなたや、そうでないあなた、一度も勉強会に行ったことがないあなた、さまざまな人を対象に「勉強会」の面白さ、楽しさを伝えていくことを目的としている。自分は特に引っ込み思案で、人見知りだから、と思っている人や、一度も勉強会に行ったことがない人にこそ、この連載を読んでほしい。
■ 連載「 初めての勉強会」の趣旨
私 は1990年代半ば、米国西海岸、いわゆるシリコンバレーでデータベース管理システムの開発を行うプログラマとして働いていた。その地では、いろいろなユーザーグループ、例えば、Linux Users Groupなどが頻繁に会合を開催していた。多くの会合は誰でも自由に参加でき、若い人もお年寄りも、男も女も、中国人もロシア人も、とにもかくにも、誰でも参加でき、活発に議論をしていた。
私も英語が十分に扱えないというハンディキャップはあったが、さまざまな会合に参加した。そうしてこの自由闊達（かったつ）な議論の場が、やや大げさにいえば、シリコンバレーでの知識の流通において、極めて重要な役割を担っていると感じた。新しい価値を創造していくというプロセスにおいては、人材の流動性やインフラの充実は無視できないものの、勉強会のような自由に議論する場の構築こそが本質的なものなのではないか。私は勉強会に対し、そのような確信に近いものを感じた。
私はこの連載で皆さんをたき付けたいと思う。勉強会を利用し尽くし、シャブリ尽くすことを勧め、その方法論をここで紹介する。
自分が技術者として楽しく生きていくために。あるいは、多くの楽しい勉強会が開催される社会を構築するために。勉強会に参加し、開催し、自分をさらけだして、豊かな人生を送る。そのためのちょっとしたコツとして、どのように勉強会を利用するのかを、皆さんと考えていきたい。
■ 私が 「初めての勉強会」を執筆する理由
私事で恐縮だが、私はミラクル・リナックスに勤めているプログラマである。2000年に創業したこの会社の創業メンバーとして8年間、取締役最高技術責任者（CTO）を務めた。そして、2008年6月末で退任し、1人のプログラマとして勤務している（参考：「ユメのチカラ : 取締役退任。生涯一プログラマ宣言。」）。技術者として会社に、そして社会に貢献するため、自分自身、勉強を継続していかなければと感じている。
現役の技術者であり続けるためには、勉強会のような場が必要なのである。自分で勉強会を開催するだけでは足りない。質が高く、自分が参加したいと思うような勉強会が、自律的に、雨後の竹の子のように乱立する状況。私自身がそれを必要としているのだ。
私 は「 カーネル読書会」とい うLinux Kernelに特化した勉強会のようなものを、横浜
Linux Users Group（YULG）の有志とともに、1999年4月から継続して開催している。その中で培った幾ばくかのノウハウやティップスも、この連載で公開していきたい。もちろんさまざまな要因があって、必ずしもカーネル読書会のような運営がベストではないだろうし、適用できないものも数多くあると思う。しかし、そのような情報を広く公開することによって、ベストプラクティスがどんどん構築されていくことを願っている。
これは勉強会を開催する側にとって、参考になる情報のはずだ。開催側のノウハウが広く流通するようになれば、勉強会開催のハードルが下がり、ますます良質な勉強会が開催されるようになるだろう。私はそのような状況を望んでいる。
私がこの連載を書く強いインセンティブは、私がこの連載を必要としているからである。
能書きはこのくらいにして、今回は勉強会に「ともかく参加してみる」ということについて考える。
■ 勉強会に参加するメリット
勉強会に参加するメリットとして、次のようなことが考えられる。
(1) その分野の勉強ができ る
インターネットには情報があふれている。書店に行けば、おびただしい数の専門書がある。勉強の機会はそこかしこにあるはずだ。にもかかわらず、なぜ「勉強会」なのか。それは、そこに行けば勉強ができ、何らかの知識を獲得できるからだ。
どんなに情報があっても、勉強しなければ、それはないことに等しい。
わざわざ勉強会に行くということは、その1時間なり2時間なりの間、否応なく勉強をすることになる。それは単なる知識の獲得という意味の勉強だけではなく、勉強の仕方や、知識の獲得方法というメタな方法も学べるかもしれない。
インターネットの断片的な知識や書籍だけでは得られないナマの情報が勉強会にはある。講師から、なかなか文字にはしにくい暗黙知が得られたりもする。
(2) その分野の専門家や、同じ興味を持っている人と出会える
勉強会にわざわざ行くということの最大のメリットは、自分が勉強したいと思っている分野について、同様に興味を持った人と出会えるということである。
その道の専門家かもしれないし、ひょっとしたら自分と同じ初学者かもしれない。初学者には初学者なりの悩みや、つまずきどころがある。そのようなものを共有できるかもしれない。
この記事をここまで読んでくれた人は、何かしらのものを学びたいと思っているから読んでいるのだろう。そうすると、(1)は当然としても、(2)のメリットについて、強く意識したことがないかもしれない。しかし、同好の士と知り合うことのメリットはもっと強調されていいと思う。
｜ 1 2｜次のページ
( Seven Posts in Seven Days – Day 2 )
I cannot believe this is even close .
How did America get so far off track that a week out from this election many still think it is too close to call ?
It was either a few years ago or a few months ago … at my age it all blends together .
But I remember it was all over the news and on the cover of all the magazines .
One of those new “ starlets ” …
Paris or Brittney or Lindsey or Chutney or something like that – one of those starlets got caught getting out of a car without her under garments .
That ’s right .
Photographers all around and her hoo - ha was out there for everyone and God to see because she forgot to put on a pair of panties .
I know you all know what I am talking about .
It was all over the news .
Scandalous they said .
Out of control .
She needs help .
What is the world coming to ?
EVERYONE was shocked and EVERYONE was talking about it .
How could she ?
What kind of a role model is she for young girls ?
I know you all remember it .
If my scattered brain can remember it , I know you can .
People did n’t have to be told how the cow ate the cabbage on that one .
We all knew it instinctively .
Well imagine my shock and surprise today when I came across this little item .
The latest polls show that only 55 % of Americans think that Sarah Palin is not qualified to be President .
55 %! FIFTY FIVE PERCENT !
This about the woman whose best qualification for the job to date is that she can see Russia from her house .
So what exactly does Sarah Palin have to do before the other 45 % of this country is shocked enough to realize that she is a “ whack job ” ?
Please Lord do n’t tell me she has to show her hoo - ha in public .
If , in fact , you are reading this blog and think that Sarah Palin is actually qualified to run the country … well I suggest you check and see if your panties are on because the joke just may be on you .
And as far as McCain goes .
Panties or no panties , he ’s got to be questioning what he has unleashed on the Republican party .
That whack job is n’t going anywhere and the closer we get to election day who knows what she will try .
So hang on to your panties everyone .
There might be a few skid marks before this is all over .
Harold and I voted early and we voted for Obama .
Margaret has n’t voted yet .
She is reading these comments and talking to me every night .
If I had to guess today what she will do , I would say that on election day she is going to put her big girl panties on and tell the whack job to go to hell .
See , Margaret loves animals and the whole shooting wolves from the air thing has her really upset .
Thanks for stopping by .
Get out and vote .
I mean it .
SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT ON VOUCHERS ….
In last night ’s debate , for the first time in the general election , we saw a reasonably substantive discussion about education policy .
Voters , who tend to oppose vouchers by wide margins , got to hear about John McCain ’s support for public funds paying tuition at private schools .
“ I ’m sure you ’re aware , Sen. Obama , of the program in the Washington , D.C. , school system where vouchers are provided and there ’s a certain number , I think it ’s a thousand and some and some 9,000 parents asked to be eligible for that .
“ Because they wanted to have the same choice that you and I and Cindy and your wife have had .
And that is because they wanted to choose the school that they thought was best for their children .
And we all know the state of the Washington , D.C. , school system .
That was vouchers .
That was voucher , Sen. Obama .
And I ’m frankly surprised you did n’t pay more attention to that example . [… ]
“ I ’ve got to tell you that vouchers , where they are requested and where they are agreed to , are a good and workable system .
And it ’s been proven . ”
I realize domestic policy is n’t McCain ’s strong point , but he could n’t be more wrong about this .
The D.C. voucher program that McCain is so fond of is a complete mess .
( It was n’t , by the way , “ requested ” ; it was imposed on the city by Bush and Republicans in Congress . )
Last fall we learned that after Congress handed over tax dollars to unregulated private schools in D.C. without conditions , taxpayers ended up financing unaccredited schools , “ unsuitable learning environments , ” schools with no operating permits , and schools where teachers did n’t even have bachelor ’s degrees .
Worse yet , a report from the administration released over the summer found that students in D.C. who received vouchers did n’t do any better academically , either .
Of course , it ’s not just Washington , D.C. As Greg Anrig recently explained in a terrific piece for the Washington Monthly , voucher “ experiments ” have failed to deliver the results proponents expected , and as a result , a lot of conservative activists are slowly but surely giving up on the idea altogether .
To borrow McCain ’s phrase , I ’m frankly surprised he has n’t paid more attention to this .
Mike Shewan , chief executive of Derbyshire Mental Health Services NHS
Trust , said : " We can't condemn this sort of behaviour strongly enough .
No - one knows what was going on in his head , but encouraging him to jump is so wrong . "
Last week , we posited that Google might eventually have to start firing people to offset slowing revenue growth , shrinking profit margins , and a weak economy .
Sales chief Tim Armstrong recently suggested that the company is , in fact , prepared to do that :
[ L] ast week Tim Armstrong , president - sales and commerce , Americas , told a group of travel advertisers that the company is " watching the economy closely and making sure our expenses and revenue are very much aligned . "
Tim did n't specify firings , and , in truth , we imagine that Google 's people would be the last costs to go .
Google has grown so quickly and is reportedly so undisciplined on internal cost controls that we imagine the company could find hundreds of millions to cut before it let a single Googler go .
That said , we do n't think a small headcount reduction would be such a bad move .
We continue to hear about bored old Googlers and the great divide between pre-IPO haves and post - IPO have - not Googlers .
Anytime you have employees bemoaning high - quality problems like this , it 's helpful to remind everyone that they work on great team at a great company in an era when most folks are simply grateful to have jobs .
See Also : Google 's Moment of Truth : Stocks Crash Through $ 350
by hilzoy
Remember the Rick Davis story ?
The one about how Davis , John McCain 's campaign manager , was hired by Freddie Mac to do virtually nothing ?
The one that McCain 's decision to pretend to suspend his campaign crowded out of the news ?
It 's back ( h/t TPM ) :
" Last week , though , McCain 's trust in Davis was tested again amid disclosures that Freddie Mac , the troubled mortgage giant that was recently placed under federal conservatorship , paid his campaign manager 's firm $ 15,000 a month between 2006 and August 2008 .
As the mortgage crisis has escalated , almost any association with Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae has become politically toxic .
But the payments to Davis 's firm , Davis Manafort , are especially problematic because he requested the consulting retainer in 2006 — and then did barely any work for the fees , according to two sources familiar with the arrangement who asked not to be identified discussing Freddie Mac business .
Aside from attending a few breakfasts and a political - action - committee meeting with Democratic strategist Paul Begala ( another Freddie consultant ) , Davis did " zero " for the housing firm , one of the sources said .
Freddie Mac also had no dealings with the lobbying firm beyond paying monthly invoices — but it agreed to the arrangement because of Davis 's close relationship with McCain , the source said , which led top executives to conclude " you could n't say no . " "
Savor that last bit , as you recall McCain railing against the culture of corruption in Washington .
I do n't know whether shaking Freddie Mac down for a $ 15,000 a month to do nothing violates any laws , but it 's certainly not the way straightforward people do business .
It 's also not a way it 's possible to do business if you do n't have pretty serious connections , and the willingness to abuse them .
Asking someone to pay your firm $ 180,000 a year for nothing , when you know , or should know , that they will feel that they " ca n't say no " , is exactly the kind of corruption that John McCain spends his days pledging to fight .
It 's rather peculiar that he does not begin that fight by sacking his campaign manager .
Moving right along :
" The McCain campaign told reporters the fees were irrelevant because Davis " separated from his consulting firm … in 2006 , " according to the campaign 's Web site , and he stopped drawing a salary from it .
In fact , however , when Davis joined the campaign in January 2007 , he asked that his $ 20,000 - a- month salary be paid directly to Davis Manafort , two sources who asked not to be identified discussing internal campaign business told NEWSWEEK .
Federal campaign records show the McCain campaign paid Davis Manafort $ 90,000 through July 2007 , when a cash crunch prompted Davis and other top campaign officials to forgo their salaries and work as volunteers .
Separately , another entity created and partly owned by Davis — an Internet firm called 3eDC , whose address was the same office building as Davis Manafort 's — received payments from the McCain campaign for Web services , collecting $ 971,860 through March 2008 .
In an e-mail to NEWSWEEK , a senior McCain official said that when the campaign began last year , it signed a contract with Davis Manafort " in which we purchased all of [ Davis 's ] time , and he agreed not to work for any other clients . "
The official also said that though Davis was an " investor " in 3eDC , Davis has received no salary from it .
As to why Davis permitted the Freddie Mac payments to continue , the official referred NEWSWEEK to Davis Manafort , which did not respond to repeated phone calls .
One senior McCain adviser said the entire flap could have been avoided if the campaign had resisted attacking Barack Obama for his ties to two former Fannie Mae executives , which prompted the media to take a second look at Davis .
" It was stupid , " the adviser said .
" A serious miscalculation and an amateurish move . "
Still , this adviser said , McCain 's faith in his campaign manager remains unswerving . "
Josh Marshall has more on 3eDC .
Remember the McCain campaign 's response to the last round of Davis stories ?
" As has been previously reported , Mr. Davis separated from his consulting firm , Davis Manafort , in 2006 .
As has been previously reported , Mr. Davis has seen no income from Davis Manafort since 2006 .
Zero. Mr. Davis has received no salary or compensation since 2006 .
Mr. Davis has received no profit or partner distributions from that firm on any basis -- weekly , bi-weekly , monthly , bi-monthly , quarterly , semi-annual or annual -- since 2006 .
Again , zero . "
I suppose it 's possible that his salary , which has been paid to Davis Manafort , has been distributed entirely to its other partners , while Rick Davis subsists on air and dewdrops and curls up each night in a flower petal , like a fairy .
Somehow , however , I doubt it .
Here 's a question : did Rick Davis tell John McCain about his arrangement with Freddie Mac before last week ?
If not , then I would expect Davis to be fired within days : you just do n't keep information like that from your boss and expect to keep your job .
But if Davis did tell McCain , then when McCain approved his ad slamming Obama for supposedly having an advisor who had been the chairman of Fannie Mae -- though both he and the Obama campaign deny that he advised them , and his connection to Obama would have been tenuous in any case -- McCain knew that his own campaign manager had been retained by Freddie Mac until it was taken over by the government .
That would be dishonorable , though not , unfortunately , surprising .
Edit a week later :
Turns out this is relevant for the Save the Economy image challenge .
( Am I doing this right ? )
World 's deadliest spider discovered in Britain inside a box of Tesco bananas
The world 's deadliest spider forced a supermarket to close after a terrified worker spotted it under a box of bananas .
The highly - venomous Brazilian Wandering Spider - a species responsible for killing more people than any other arachnid - was eventually captured by RSPCA officers .
Victims usually die within an hour of being bitten by the spider , which has a 4in leg - span and is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the planet 's most venomous animal .
It 's scientific name is Phoneutria nigriventer - the first element is Greek for ' murderess ' - but it is also known as the banana spider because of its habit of stowing away in shipments of the fruit .
Co-op worker Kate Whitmore today told how she spotted ' black , hairy legs ' protruding from under a box of bananas as she stacked them .
When she realised it was a giant spider she shrieked and told her bosses at the store in Chatham , Kent .
The 25 - year - old mother - of - two said : ' I looked down and noticed this thing .
I screamed for my supervisor .
' I 'm not usually scared of spiders , but it was huge and creepy and had long hairy legs . '
Miss Whitmore added : ' I felt terrible when I was told how dangerous it was .
I just thought of my kids and how a spider bite could have changed things completely .
I 'm just so relieved it did n't bite me . '
Supervisor Dawn Robinson , 43 , said : ' I called the police and they told me to call the RSPCA .
They were here in 15 minutes . '
Animal collection officer Anthony Pulfer donned leather gloves and used a pencil to flick the creature into a box .
He said : ' It was very aggressive and trying to go for me when I was putting it in the box .
It was really jumping around and trying to attack me .'
Ms Robinson said : ' He was a bit scared of it because he 's never seen one that size before .
He got it in a box and took it to a vet .
' He called us later and told us it was a Brazilian Wandering Spider , the most deadly in the world . '
The store was closed for several hours as the team checked the spider had no companions .
The spider was humanely put down by the RSPCA after being deemed ' too dangerous ' for photographers to go near .
Michelle Carr , manager of the Medway RSPCA , said : ' It is highly toxic .
The main body is more than an inch long and with its legs it is three to four inches long .
' It 's very aggressive and is not scared to bite if cornered .
It 's just lucky nobody was bitten , or this could have been such a different story . '
Foreclosures — a multi-stage process that begins with a homeowner falling behind in their mortgage payments and can end with them losing their home — soared 71 percent in the third quarter , to an average of more than 8,500 homes a day .
More than three million homes are now expected to be in foreclosure by year ’s end , a million more than even the most dire predictions .
On top of that , lenders are taking possession of delinquent properties at twice the normal rate , according to RealtyTrac , which has one of the industry ’s most comprehensive databases .
That means more than one million homes are likely to be repossessed by the end of the year , which is roughly one - quarter of all US homes for sale .
And it could rise to one - third of all homes for sale , which would push already distressed home prices even lower as lenders scramble to unload the properties .
For Investors
“ In my wildest dreams I could n’t have imagined that the market could have gotten this much worse , as bad as it was last year , ” says Rick Sharga , senior vice president of RealtyTrac .
Why is this happening — especially when the last thing most lenders want to do is repossess a house ?
For one thing , banks are overwhelmed with the sheer number of troubled mortgages .
That 's made it more difficult for them to work out loan modifications — essentially reducing the interest rates and even the principal to help people keep their homes .
Many mortgages also have second liens attached to them , requiring negotiations with third parties .
But the main problem is that so many mortgages have been grouped together into securities and sold off to investors worldwide .
These mortgage - backed securities typically carry terms that severely limit the homeowner 's ability to renegotiate a mortgage .
The Taleban make profits from opium in southern strongholds A surge in the cultivation of opium and coca in rebel - held areas threatens to undermine recent progress in drug control efforts , says a UN report .
Afghanistan had a record opium harvest last year and coca leaf production in Colombia increased 27 % , according to The World Drug Report 2008 .
The UN Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) says most regions where these drugs are grown are held by insurgents .
It adds that increases in supply from these areas could fuel addiction rates .
UNODC chief Antonio Costa says drug control has made impressive achievements in recent years - but insurgent involvement threatens that progress .
[ Colombia 's action ] was an unquestionably successful campaign against armed groups and drug traffickers alike
Antonio Costa
UNODC
He said some of the world 's biggest drug- producing regions - in Afghanistan , Colombia and Burma - were out of the control of the central government .
Drug trafficking , he added , was also undermining national security - especially in parts of Central America , the Caribbean , Mexico , and West Africa .
More stability
In Afghanistan , the record 2007 harvest meant the world 's illegal opium production had almost doubled since 2005 .
About 80 % of that cultivation took place in five southern provinces , where Taleban insurgents profit from drugs , the report says .
Elsewhere in the country , opium growing is reported to be in decline .
" Greater stability and higher economic assistance are getting rid of opium in many provinces of Afghanistan , " Mr Costa said .
" In the southern areas , controlled by the Taleban , counter - narcotics and counter - insurgency must be fought together . "
In Colombia , the regions where most coca is grown are also under the control of insurgents - mainly the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( Farc ) , who are believed to be at their weakest point in years , following the death of their long - time leader , Manuel Marulanda , in March .
Although coca leaf cultivation increased in Colombia , Bolivia and Peru in 2007 , production has remained the same , because of lower yields .
" In the past few years , the Colombian government destroyed the large - scale coca plots by means of massive aerial eradication , " Mr Costa said .
" It was an unquestionably successful campaign against armed groups and drug traffickers alike .
In the future , with the Farc in disarray , it may become easier to control coca cultivation . "
The BBC's Bethany Bell , in Vienna , says the report shows world cannabis and amphetamine markets were stable .
But it said there has been a big increase in seizures of amphetamines in Saudi Arabia .
No death penalty
In terms of drug use , the report said that less than 5 % percent of all adults took drugs .
Lower prices could mean higher drug use in developing countries Illegal drugs , it said , were responsible for about 200,000 deaths a year worldwide , but that compared with 7.5 million who died as a result of tobacco and alcohol .
But Mr Costa warned against complacency and said everyone needed to be more proactive as major increases in drug supply from Afghanistan and Colombia could drive addiction rates up , because of lower prices and higher purity of doses .
He said weak governments could not face the onslaught of powerful drug barons , or drug addiction .
" The attack must be pre-empted by technical assistance , better drug prevention and treatment , and more co-operative law enforcement , " he said .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Science , Money , and Politics Daniel S. Greenberg ( Univ. Chicago Press , 2001 )
What a president needs to understand is not science — which science , after all ? — but the role of scientific expertise in the democratic political process .
Daniel S. Greenberg is the outstanding writer on the politics of modern US science , and this is his most pertinent book .
He takes for granted that the institutional framework for mobilizing and channelling scientific expertise works fairly well and should not be subject to cynical subversion .
But he also understands that scientists enter a political arena when they advise , and presidents must take decisions that reflect social and political priorities .
Scientists , like anyone else , must hope that presidents have good priorities .
No book of biology , physics or meteorology will ensure that they do .
Steven Shapin
The Blind Watchmaker Richard Dawkins ( W. W. Norton , 2006 ; first published by Longman , 1986 )
There is a crisis in scientific literacy in the United States : only 25 % of Americans accept our evolution from ape - like ancestors , yet 74 % believe in angels .
Republicans make it worse by proposing that creationism should be taught alongside evolution in public - school science classes .
Anyone aspiring to be president should have a basic acquaintance with evolution and with the masses of evidence that it's not just a theory , but a fact .
Charles Darwin's
On the Origin of Species comes to mind , but it is outdated and written in turgid Victorian prose that is uncongenial to modern readers .
Future US leaders should read a short , popular work that lays out the evidence for evolution and dispels the spectres of creationism and intelligent design without dwelling on religion .
Sadly , no book fills this niche .
My attempt , Why Evolution is True ( Viking , 2009 ) , will be published only after the election .
Until then , I suggest Richard Dawkins 's brilliant exposition of natural selection .
If a presidential candidate does n't accept evolution after reading this book , there is no hope .
Jerry Coyne
Microbe Hunters Paul de Kruif ( Houghton Mifflin Harcourt , 2002 ; first published by Harcourt , 1939 )
Without question , the next president should read Microbe Hunters by Paul de Kruif .
Probably more bioscientists and physicians have been stimulated to adopt their careers after reading this captivating book than any other .
It is easy to read but still relevant , and might help a president to understand the life sciences and the commitment of life scientists to their work .
Rita Colwell
The Evolution of Cooperation Robert Axelrod ( Basic Books , 1984 )
The next US leader should be concerned by the instability of intelligent life , so Al Gore 's An Inconvenient Truth ( Rodale , 2006 ) is a good choice .
Dinosaurs hung on for some 160 million years , but how long will humans survive ?
We are causing such irreversible ecosystem destruction that we will eliminate our own habitat .
Technological advances alone cannot fix the problem .
To reach a solution , humans must cooperate on a global scale , requiring us to show wisdom , generosity and respect .
A classic from which we may all learn is Robert Axelrod 's book .
Martin Nowak
Intervention Denise Caruso ( Hybrid Vigor Press , 2006 )
In these uncertain times , the presidential incumbent might be less well served by all the good news about science .
As a cure for complacency , recall that the mathematics of finance has been corrupted by being put at the service of fantasy and greed in the economic crisis that is now gripping the United States .
Mathematics has enabled assets to be given fictitious valuations that even now threaten catastrophe .
Scientific research in the service of industry and the state is not immune to such pressures .
A cautionary tale is told by Denise Caruso in Intervention : Confronting the Real Risks of Genetic Engineering and Life on a Biotech Planet .
Her story is one - sided , but it is well researched and she recommends a feasible system of risk analysis .
The book will alarm some and anger others , but the debate is urgently needed .
Jerry Ravetz
Undermining Science Seth Shulman ( Univ. California Press , 2006 )
Seth Shulman argues that George W. Bush 's science policies recall those of Trofim Lysenko under Josef Stalin .
The details are not pretty , the reporting is thorough and the evidence has not been credibly contested .
Republican candidate John McCain might read it to see the extent to which neoconservative infrastructure is already in place in US science agencies , making it easier for him to continue the same policies without seeming to .
His record on some science issues has been good , but his recent opinions , from energy to creationism in schools , have been drifting towards those of Bush .
Democrat candidate Barack Obama might use Shulman 's book to discover which recent science - agency appointees passed the test of right - wing fealty rather than that of scientific objectivity , thereby suggesting where he might make replacements .
But such a task will not be easy .
Shulman reports that the present administration has so thoroughly sown loyalists of questionable competence into science bodies — from NASA to the US Weights and Measures division — that it will take a considerable effort to root them out .
Kevin Padian
Additional information More on the US election .
What book would you recommend ?
Give us your opinion at the Nature Network forum .
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
This place in Uzbekistan is called by locals “ The Door to Hell ” .
It is situated near the small town of Darvaz .
The story of this place lasts already for 35 years .
Once the geologists were drilling for gas .
Then suddenly during the drilling they have found an underground cavern , it was so big that all the drilling site with all the equipment and camps got deep deep under the ground .
None dared to go down there because the cavern was filled with gas .
So they ignited it so that no poisonous gas could come out of the hole , and since then , it ’s burning , already for 35 years without any pause .
Nobody knows how many tons of excellent gas has been burned for all those years but it just seems to be infinite there .
Skip to comments .
Breaking News : Obama to Leave Campaign Trail for Two Days to Visit Sick Grandmother
Posted on by Blue Turtle
Edited on by Admin Moderator .
[ history ]
That 's all it says for now ...
Related article , coincidence ?
Hawaii Supreme Court asked to issue emergency writ opening secret Obama birth files
Edited by Admin Moderator .
TOPICS :
Breaking News
News / Current Events
US : Hawaii
KEYWORDS :
2008
andymartin
antichrist
birthcertificate
breaking
obama
obamafamily
To : Blue Turtle
Her doctors report symptoms consistent with having been thrown under a bus .
To : Blue Turtle
My prayers for his grandmother and his family .
To : Blue Turtle
Is she in Hawaii ?
To : Blue Turtle
Visit sick mother or obfuscate his birth records some more .
To : MittFan08
Dang you beat me to it .
To : Blue Turtle
My first thought ...... Berg suit about to break !
To : Blue Turtle
Sick ?
She ’s lucky to be alive after being thrown under that bus back in March .
To : Blue Turtle
If she dies , he wins .
Comment # 10 Removed by Moderator
To : Blue Turtle
Which one ?
The one in Hawaii or in Kenya ?
To : Blue Turtle
Is this the grandmother that is the “ typical white person ” or the grandmother that says “ I was in the delivery room in Kenya ” ?
To : MittFan08
Lol .
I know she is ( probably ) old and sick and all , but LOL !
To : Blue Turtle
Is this the racist grandmother he ’s visiting ?
by 14 posted onby ConservativeMind ( Concerning Larry Sinclair :
It is strange when you can be thankful for having a pervert on your side . )
To : Dawn531
Yeah .. with his birth certificate LOL !
Do n’t fall for this “ gee my Grandma ’s sick ” stuff from this known liar .
by 15 posted onby antceecee ( McCain ~ Palin '08 May God have mercy on us and protect us from evil . )
To : Blue Turtle
I smell a Hillary October Surprise in the making and a rebuttal in the works from Camp Obamah .
To : Blue Turtle
Prayers for the grandmother .
To : Blue Turtle
Somebody better trail this SOB .
They are going to fake a birth certificate .
To : ozark hilljilly
Hawaii
To : MittFan08
LOL !
I was just about to post something like that .
You said it better .
* snirk *
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Comment Continuous data protection could render dedupe , virtual tape libraries ( VTL ) and backup software redundant .
Er , run that past me again .
Alexander Delcayre , FalconStor 's technical director , says that the company 's Continuous Data Protection ( CDP ) product is block - level , not file - level .
It captures every write I / O a server makes and journals it .
That means that the CDP store is basically capable of becoming a disk image .
You mean , I say , you could do a bare metal restore from this ?
" Of course , " he says .
So we have what I took to be a file recovery technology that can recover a file to any point in time , can in fact also recover a system .
Physical and virtual , I asked ?
" Of course , " he said .
The CDP product running on a virtualized server contains logical sub- journals within it that save the changes to each VM 's virtual disk .
Then I asked a dumb question : " Can you dedupe a CDP repository ? "
No , you can't but you do n't need to , it only saving the changed data at a block level .
Ah , cue Eureka moment .
Use weekly snapshots to do full copies of disks and CDP to do the highly granular changes and you have a pretty complete disk data protection system .
" In that case , why do you need tape ? " I asked .
" You do n't , " he said .
This means , in theory , you do n't need deduplication - because that 's an answer to an overflow of data problem created by virtual tape libraries .
You do n't need virtual tape libraries either because they 're an answer to a slow and unreliable file restore problem created by tape automation devices .
You do n't need tape automation devices - because they store data created by tape backup software - which you do n't need either because backups are n't granular enough and take too much time .
The whole backup software - to - dedupe stack unravels , along with bare metal recovery products , if you use a block - level continuous data protection product that protects systems as well as files .
Tell me I 'm dreaming .
FalconStor is weaving a data protection reality distortion field and my brain is mush - or is it ?
Update
It 's not that Delcayre believes tape is for the chop .
He reckons : " CDP could potentially replace traditional backup practices , as long as the customers are ready to change the data protection model .
Tape is not dead ( yet ) . " ®
Information
Filename : lumrax.com_Big_tits_on_friend.jp
Size : 800x600
Uploaded : 2008-11-04
Tags
violentacres
Popular tags on the site
yuko paintball cheerleader hr_giger jessica comic cat soepkip giger falco glastonbury family bonton forza avril dubai rippenspreizer wallpaper donnamodelo.com fxc stephy 1nsane shevington krystal rx7 sprites megaten 1999 bier ryushin_09 rwpeuro2006 himos spain motivational mariage smashing ryushin_15 emma death_note renee cia ryushin_ 14 ebooks magic manga chubby dilbert ranma ka_series_l
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/16/2008
' Oh My ! '
Space
by Jeremy Hooper
To learn about the mindset that 's pushing Proposition 8 , you can listen to what the official " yes on 8 " team is saying .
However , for some real insight into the gas that 's fueling this regressive train , you have to listen to the real life supporters who are n't bound by agreed - upon messaging and politically advantageous code - wording .
Such insight can be found on the official " yes on 8 " Myspace page .
Here are a few comments that have been left on the page :
First up , someone who buys into the silly idea that we gays are the ones who are " bullying " here :
Next , here 's someone who fails to understand how deeply personal this fight is to gay folks , and why this vote goes well beyond a simple political choice :
Here 's a quartet of comments , all of which seize ownership of God and morality :
On the God theme , here 's a trio who THINK they understand the separation of church and state , yet fail to understand the clear difference between civil policy and personal faith conviction :
This one says that gays ' " I dos " will rob the world of smiles :
This one equates gay " I dos " to beating a kid :
This one combines two elements we 've already seen : Failure to understand how personal this issue is to gay people , as well as a failure to understand church / state separation and what civil marriage equality means for the same :
So there ya have it .
A slew of comments , none of which come from any place of truth .
Not surprising , considering that the entire Proposition 8 campaign is built on lies .
They lie .
It 's what they do .
And even worse , they refuse to listen to or at least acknowledge any of the people who point our the fallaciousness of their arguments .
We can say until we are blue in the face that churches will not be forced to marry gays , just as churches are not forced to marry ANYONE even now .
But will they listen ?
No .
They will twist some sort of a situation that 's already happened and apply it to the California fight to create some fear - mongery " warning sign " about the hell that gay marriage will bring .
And we can point out the difference between religious and civil marriage until we are blue in the face .
These folks have already made up their minds and stuck their fingers in their ears .
To lose to this would be personally painful , since it would have a very real impact on many of our lives .
But beyond that , a loss to this sort of logic is a loss for reasoned thought in general .
Any intellectual who values the accurate exchange of ideas and the reasoned implementation of civil policy should be standing up to knock back these thoroughly foolish claims .
If not for us , then for the children .
** UPDATE , 10 / 27 : Wow , some of them are literally gunnin ' for us !
Your thoughts
Man , oh man .
Please keep the " wacko comments " posts coming ; they would be pure comedy gold if they were n't so sad .
And what the hell is all this about " forcing churches to change " ?
That 's a nice talking point for their cause , strikes fear effectively into the hearts of their followers , and has absolutely no factual basis whatsoever .
Man , these people are confused .
Misled .
Lied to .
I really feel very sorry for them .
Posted by : JeffRob | Oct 16 , 2008 10:46:38 AM
If there really are enough non-thinking low information people in California to pass this proposition ( it hurts to even think that ) , does n't such a proposal have to pass constitutional muster as rendered by the same justices that struck down marriage discrimination last May , before it can become law ?
Posted by : dave b | Oct 16 , 2008 1:39:46 PM
That 's my understanding Dave .
Posted by : Priya Lynn | Oct 16 , 2008 2:33:29 PM
Well , Dave , Prop 8 would become law unless gay couples effected by prop 8 challenge its constitutionality .
They could request a stay in the implementation of prop 8 to the appropriate lower court based on the state SC ruling .
Whether or not this is granted , they would pursue their case through the years long process till the State SC made another ruling in this particular matter .
Prop 2 in CO , which banned laws providing equal treatment of gays in housing , employment and so on , was defeated in this way .
This was also a constitutional amendment .
The chief justice of the CO SC later said , " The majority can not use the ballot box to vote away the rights of the minority . "
The power of the May 15th CA SC decision is not just expanding current marriage rights to gays , but that they also declared that gays are a " suspect class . "
This means that since gays have been so marginalized in the past , there has to be , not just some reason , but one hell of a good reason why they are to be treated different than straights in any legal matter .
There has to be a " compelling state interest " in order to do so .
Blacks are also a suspect class , and very , very few legitimate reasons have been found to discriminate against them , believe me .
Posted by : Bill Ware | Oct 17 , 2008 6:30:30 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Senator John McCain races through the final days of the presidential race reciting a familiar admonition .
It is the same mantra he has called upon to steel himself for moments of conflict as a collegiate boxer at the Naval Academy , a prisoner of war bracing for interrogation , a legislator twisting arms for votes , or as a Republican primary candidate rallying crowds against an all - but - certain defeat .
“ Game face on ! ” he murmurs to himself , borrowing the advice of so many athletic coaches .
Some friends say the expression is a metaphor for an essential tension that runs through Mr. McCain ’s life .
He is often deliberative , self - critical and flexible , his advisers and fellow senators say , and has frequently corrected course during his 36 years in public life .
“ He is a much more supple mind than he is usually portrayed , ” said Philip Bobbitt , an international relations scholar and Democrat the senator consulted this summer .
But when he confronts an adversary , a starkly different John McCain can emerge , fired up with certainty for an all - or - nothing battle .
“ I am going to win this thing and you are going to have to run me over to defeat me , ” said former Senator Bob Kerrey , a Democrat close to Mr. McCain , explaining his friend ’s attitude .
“ It is a face that makes his opponent think , ‘ I do n’t know if I want to get my nose bloodied by this guy . ’ ”
The conflicting impulses toward deliberation and aggression have been the alternating currents of his singular career and , if Mr. McCain wins the White House , could shape his presidency .
As a Navy pilot , Mr. McCain has written , he let his “ cockiness ” deafen him to the risk of a buzzer warning of enemy fire .
But as a returning prisoner of war he drew nuanced conclusions about political leadership and public opinion that have left him at some times a dove ( Lebanon , Somalia ) and others a hawk ( the Balkans , Iraq ) .
What 's scarier , a deadly snake slithering across your path during a hike or watching a 1,000 - point drop in the stock market ?
Although both may instill fear , researchers disagree over the nature and cause of this very powerful emotion .
" When you see the stock market fall 1,000 points , that 's the same as seeing a snake , " says Joseph LeDoux , professor of neuroscience and psychology the Center for the Neuroscience of Fear and Anxiety based at New York University .
" Fear is the response to the immediate stimuli .
The empty feeling in your gut , the racing of your heart , palms sweating , the nervousness — that 's your brain responding in a preprogrammed way to a very specific threat . "
LeDoux adds : " Since our brains are programmed to be similar in structure , we can assume that what I experience when I 'm threatened is something similar to what you experience . "
Fear even affects different species in similar ways .
" We come into the world knowing how to be afraid , because our brains have evolved to deal with nature , " LeDoux says , noting that the brains of rats and humans respond in similar ways to threats , even though the threat itself might be completely different .
Other researchers find fear to be a vastly personal experience .
Whereas some people become terrified watching a scary film , others may be more afraid to walk back to their cars in a dark parking lot after the movie ends .
If you ask a group of people to catalogue the things that make them afraid , you are likely to get a very different list from each person , says Michael Lewis , director of the Institute for the Study of Child Development at Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in New Brunswick , N.J. " Introspectively , we can agree that fears of an IRS [ Internal Revenue Service ] audit or mugging may feel the same , " he says .
" The problem is we do n't have a good physiological measure of fear or any emotion . "
He notes that the behavior of people around us may influence our responses to threatening situations .
" We learn to become fearful through experience with the fear event , or learning from those people around us like our parents , our siblings , our colleagues , " Lewis says .
" Fear has a certain contagious feature to it , so the fear in others can elicit fear in ourselves .
It 's conditioning , like Pavlov and the salivating dog . "
Other researchers turn to technology to help them better understand trepidation .
" It 's very hard to define that emotion in terms of the feeling it evokes , " says Joy Hirsch , professor of functional neuroradiology , neuroscience and psychology , and director of the program for Imaging and Cognitive Sciences at Columbia University in New York City .
" Can you define what pain is ?
Can you define what the color red is ?
These are the essential sensations that represent the hardest problems in neuroscience . "
To find out more about what keeps us up at night , Hirsch and her team use fMRI ( functional magnetic resonance imaging ) to probe how our brains are wired .
" The circuitry that underlies the sensation of fear is quite readily activated with a specific stimuli , " Hirsch says .
In her research , subjects are shown a photograph of another person 's face with a frightened look .
A standard library of stimuli to elicit fear activity uses actors to make facial gestures that communicate fearfulness .
In the fMRI research , the reaction to fear - inducing stimuli shows up in the amygdala , an almond - size mass beneath the temporal lobe also known as the brain 's fear center .
Hirsch says the amygdala is the first responder to threatening stimuli .
The fMRI scanner tracks the change in blood flow to the amygdala .
" We are looking at signal changes in particular parts of the brain , " Hirsch says , " The signal means increased neural activity . "
The magnetic resonance signal is responding to the amount of blood that is being recruited to the local area .
The photograph of a fearful face elicits a greater amount of blood flow and a higher signal during the scanning period than a neutral face photograph . "
Critics of fMRI - based research point out that it is not always clear what the flow of blood in a brain region means .
But Hirsch dismisses naysayers .
" We use very carefully chosen stimuli that do n't necessarily scare people [ who are ] in the scanner , but arouse systems that are involved in fear activity if you were scared , " she says .
" The interpretation of another fearful face arouses the system of neural regions that respond to fear in the observer . "
Hirsch notes that the amygdala responds to more than just facial expressions .
" If you were in a dark alley and something scary jumped out at you , " she says , " it would be the amygdala that would contribute to your decision to run . "
Fear is as basic a human process as breathing or digestion , yet science 's ability to completely understand and describe it remains elusive .
" That is the $ 64,000 question , " Lewis says , noting that despite more than 100 studies into how the body reacts to fear , there still is no way to quantify fear itself .
SEQUOIA NATIONAL FOREST , California ( CNN ) --
Beyond the towering trees that have stood here for thousands of years , an intense drug war is being waged .
Authorities uncovered more than $ 1 billion worth of pot plants in Sequoia National Forest this week .
more photos »
Illegal immigrants connected to Mexico 's drug cartels are growing hundreds of millions of dollars worth of marijuana in the heart of one of America 's national treasures , authorities say .
It 's a booming business that , federal officials say , feeds Mexico 's most violent drug traffickers .
" These are n't Cheech and Chong plants , " said John Walters , director of the National Drug Control Policy .
" People who farm now are not doing this for laughs , despite the fact Hollywood still thinks that .
They 're doing it to make a lot of money . "
Walters spoke from a " marijuana garden " tucked deep into the Sequoia National Forest , a two - to four - hour hike from the nearest road , far removed from the giant sequoias the region is best known for .
Watch Hollywood needs to chill out , get serious about pot »
Ten thousand marijuana plants , some 5 feet tall , dotted the mountainside 's steep terrain amid thick brush , often near streams .
This garden 's street value is an estimated $ 40 million , authorities said .
Walters clutched three plants he said were worth $ 12,000 on the streets .
" This is about serious criminal organizations , " Walters said .
" They 're willing to kill anybody who gets in their way .
They 're taking money back to those who kill prosecutors , judges and law enforcement . "
See photos of pot farm sweep in heart of U.S. national treasure »
Over the past eight days , a federal , state and county law enforcement initiative called Operation LOCCUST has eradicated 420,000 marijuana plants here worth more than $ 1 billion on the street .
By comparison , authorities eradicated 330,000 plants over the six - month growing season last month , said Lt. Mike Boudreaux of the Tulare County Sheriff 's Department .
Authorities have arrested 38 people and seized 29 automatic weapons , high - powered rifles and other guns , Boudreaux said .
American Morning
Get the most news in the morning with John Roberts and Kiran Chetry .
Weekdays , 6 a.m. ET see full schedule »
For years , Mexican drug cartels have used the remote forest to conduct and conceal their business .
But the pot production has intensified because it has become harder and harder to smuggle marijuana across the U.S. - Mexico border , Walters said .
" They come into our own national parks and risk the lives of sheriffs and others , " Walters said .
Watch Mexican pot farms in U.S. forest »
Sequoia National
Forest is more than 350 miles from the border , named in honor of its 38 groves of giant sequoia trees dating back thousands of years .
The forest covers 1.2 million acres in the Sierra Nevada Mountains .
Some of the workers have established residency in the United States , Boudreaux said .
Most are in the country illegally , he said , many brought for the sole purpose of growing pot , maintaining production and protecting the camp .
" They 're using family or very trusted family friends .
They do n't just use anybody , " he said .
Authorities arrested nine people in one bust recently , all of them brothers or cousins ranging in age from 20 to 27 , Boudreaux said .
Boudreaux described a sophisticated web in which workers and supplies are delivered to the camps by separate groups of people who do n't know all the details about the marijuana operation .
" You 're recruited in for that purpose as long as you 're trusted .
... Each person has his function . "
Once at the national forest , the growers carry with them everything they need : tents , food , guns , fertilizer , irrigation hose and marijuana seeds .
Armed men keep watch over the gardens day and night during planting season , officials say .
They dam mountain creeks to create pools and then siphon the water into miles of gravity - fed hoses that lead to smaller tubing to irrigate the plants .
Nearly all of the marijuana plants have individual drip lines .
" The people that are growing this are good at what they do , " said Boudreaux .
The battle is being waged by a coalition of local , state and federal agencies .
They rip up and remove the intricate irrigation systems , eradicate the plants and develop intelligence on the workers .
" The goal is not just to eradicate the plants but to go after the organizations , " Walters said .
What 's different this year from years past , officials say , is that they 're working to destroy the entire infrastructure of the marijuana grown in this region , from the irrigation systems to capturing the growers to ripping up the plants .
And they 're trying to get at the heart of the cartels .
Walters said they have a " unique relationship " with Mexican law enforcement to go after organized crime -- that they will take names of those arrested here and try to work back to the crime families .
" In the past , all we 've been able to do is what we call ' whack and stack , ' " said Bill Wittman , sheriff of Tulare County .
Wittman says he has had " well over 200 people in the field every day " eradicating the plants and removing the irrigation systems as part of the operation .
" We 're not just pulling the plants , we 're targeting mid-level and upper - management of these trafficking organizations , " Boudreaux said .
How do they find the gardens in such remote areas ?
They use aerial surveillance , human intelligence and other means .
" Often times , we have people who will lead us to these gardens , " Boudreaux said .
Allen Ishida , a member of the Tulare County Board of Supervisors , said the illegal activity is alarming .
" I want to state that the guys growing the marijuana are not the guys I went to college with , " he said .
" These are organized drug cartels out of Mexico . "
Boudreaux says authorities are furious that cartels are operating in a U.S. forest .
" It 's something that 's troubling for many of us in law enforcement , " he said .
" You have illegal criminal activity in the mountain regions not only destroying the natural beauty of the landscape but as well as the potential for this product to reach the children of this community . "
CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report from Atlanta .
All About National Park Service • Marijuana • Mexico
by Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Maybe it ’s due to the success of shows like Heroes , but there seems to be a lot of science fiction in this year ’s new television line - up .
No complaints here !
This past week was a big one for debuts , and most of the rest of these shows will be premiering in October .
So here ’s a few words about some of the new geek - friendly shows that are showing up on a television near you .
Eleventh Hour
( Premieres Thursday , Oct. 9 at 10 pm on CBS ) .
A biophysicist is brought in by the FBI to investigate science - based crimes and to keep scientific advances out of the hands of evil - doers .
More science than science fiction , to be sure , and let ’s hope it ’s heavy on the science .
It sounds good on paper , but one thing that worries me is that CBS has chosen to air an episode other than the pilot first .
Do n’t even get me started on how that move screwed over The Dresden Files .
Also , this show is based on a British miniseries that originally starred Patrick Stewart–a coolness factor that cannot be replicated .
Fringe
( Already premiered , Tuesdays at 9 pm on FOX ) .
An FBI agent stumbles upon the world of “ fringe science ” and a series of unexplainable events known collectively as “ the pattern . ”
I ’ve already been watching this one , and so far I like it a lot .
It reminds me of the ill - fated Threshold .
But it ’s a little more procedural , so maybe… X - Files meets House ?
Of course , J.J. Abrams already had the audience coming into this one , thanks to Alias and Lost .
Though word is that he ’s trying to make it more “ accessible . ”
Forget that , I say !
Complex mythology is what gets the real geeks hooked .
Knight Rider
( Already premiered , Wednesdays at 8 pm on NBC ) .
I ’m reluctant to even list this one since I ’m trying to pretend it does n’t exist , but here you are .
From the reviews I ’ve read : ( 1 ) If you liked the original , you probably wo n’t like this one because it ’s lost its charm , and ( 2 ) If you did n’t like the original , you probably wo n’t like this one either because it ’s cheesy in the same ways ( plus new ones ) .
According to Slated : “ a show so bad it makes one long for David Hasselhoff . ”
Life On Mars
( Premieres Thursday , 10/9 at 10 pm on ABC ) .
A present - day detective is hit by a car , and when he wakes up , it ’s 1973 .
Is it time travel ?
Is he insane ?
Or is he just in a coma ?
That ’s the basic premise , and if it sounds familiar it may be because you ’ve heard about the BBC series of the same name .
It ran for two seasons and was brilliant .
The problem is that brilliant British shows do n’t always translate into brilliant American shows .
According to the new producer , they ’ve “ changed the mythology , ” which could either be a very good thing or a very bad thing .
Cross your fingers that this one goes the way of The Office and not Coupling .
Of course , as an added bonus , the cast includes Lisa Bonet , who I ’ve always thought was way too hot not to be working .
My Own Worst Enemy
( Premieres Monday , Oct. 13 at 10 pm on NBC ) .
A boring suburban man and an assassin share the same body .
Shenanigans ensue !
Starring Christian Slater , this show seems to be the basket where NBC is putting its eggs this season .
It sounds promising –sort of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde meets Mr. and Mrs. Smith .
Apparently GM has signed on as a sponsor , so expect many distracting car product placements , ala Heroes .
Sanctuary
( Premieres Friday , Oct. 3 on SCI - FI ) .
Follows the adventures of a 157 - year old physician who studies monsters , in a world that feels like ours but is n’t - quite .
Monster - fighting and unlocking the secrets of evolution .
This series originally ran on the web before being picked up by the Sci Fi Channel .
I ’m hoping that the move to mainstream will simply help it pick up a bigger audience without stifling it .
One of the neat things about the production was that it encouraged fan interaction , making the episodes downloadable so that they could be remixed .
Also , big points for starring Amanda Tapping from Stargate .
True Blood
( Already premiered , Sundays at 9 pm on HBO ) .
Residents of the Louisiana back country coexist uneasily with vampires that survive by drinking synthetic blood .
I do n’t have HBO so I have n’t had the opportunity to see the three episodes of this show that have already aired , but the buzz I ’ve heard has been overwhelmingly positive .
It does have a lot of things going for it : ( 1 ) a bestselling series of novels as a base , Charlaine Harris ’ Southern Vampires , ( 2 ) Producer Alan Ball , of Six Feet Under fame , ( 3 ) a big demographic wanting their post - Twilight fix , and ( 4 ) Anna Paquin ( X - Men ) .
And for those of you who may be waiting ( impatiently ) for Joss Whedon ’s new show Dollhouse starring Eliza Dushku , it ’s been pushed back to a 2009 debut .
I admit , reading about the problems it ’s been having make me a little nervous ; it ’s not as if FOX has a great track record for science fiction shows lasting more than a single season .
So keep your fingers crossed .
So which of the shows that have already premiered are you guys digging ?
A rather promising new E - Zine is almost on the scene in the world of Lovecraftiana .
" Arkham Tales " is a new virtual magazine that will be available for free to readers in downloadable .
PDF format .
The project 's editorial overseers are Nathan Schumate , Crispin Burnham , and Christopher Jackson , a trio with good editorial , blogging , and writing experience .
Fortunately , " Arkham Tales " pays their writers at a semi- professional rate , something fairly uncommon today among the growing community of E - Zines dabbling in weird horror .
This will naturally help raise the magazine 's quality by weeding out the lesser Cthulhu Mythos pastiches filling blogs and amateur communities across the internet .
According to the e-magazine 's blog , submissions are rolling in at a good rate , so look for this publication to churn out at least a few issues , and hopefully many more .
The first issue of " Arkham Tales " will appear sometime in November .
The editors have currently posted several worthwhile entries on advice for writers as well as seductive glimpses of issue one 's contents .
Whether you 're a reader of the weird or have been inspired to be its next epic contributor , " Arkham Tales " is worth putting down on the list of literary projects to watch for as this year closes and 2009 begins .
- Grim Blogger
The government is drawing up plans to give the police and security and intelligence agencies new powers to access personal data held by internet services , including social network sites such as Facebook and Bebo and gaming networks .
The move , heralded in this morning 's speech on international terrorism by Jacqui Smith , the home secretary , is prompted by concern that criminals and terrorists are using websites as a way of concealing their communications , according to Whitehall security sources .
At present , security and intelligence agencies can demand to see telephone and email traffic from traditional communications services providers ( CSPs ) , which store the personal data for business purposes such as billing .
The rapid expansion of new CSPs - such as gaming , social networking , auction and video sites - and technologies such as wireless internet and broadband present a serious problem for the police , MI5 , customs and other government agencies , the security sources say .
Sites such as Bebo and Facebook provide their services free , relying mainly on advertising for income .
They do not hold records of their customers , many of whom in any case use pseudonyms .
" Criminals could use a chat facility - they are not actually playing the game but we can't actually get hold of the data , " said one official .
" Criminal terrorists are exploiting free social networking sites , " said another Whitehall security official , who added that the problem was compounded by the increasing use of data rather than voice in communications .
" People have many accounts and sign up as Mickey Mouse and no one knows who they are , " he said .
" We have to do something .
We need to collect data CSPs do not hold . "
Whitehall officials say that with the help of GCHQ - the electronic eavesdropping centre with a huge information storage capacity - the government is looking at different options that will be put out for consultation .
They declined today to spell out the options but said that whatever is decided will need new legislation .
Despite this reticence , it is clear that the government wants to be able to demand that the new generation of CSPs collect data from their customers so the security services can access them .
The response from the networks is likely to be hostile , not least because of the potential costs involved .
If the government , as expected , offers to pay for any new data access scheme , it is likely to cost taxpayers billions of pounds .
The plan will need international cooperation since many of the new CSPs are based abroad , notably in the US .
Government officials insist that what they call the interception modernisation programme , or IMP , is important since access to communications data is a crucial tool in combating crime such as paedophilia , kidnapping and drug trafficking .
They say the planned new legislation would apply only to communications data - such addresses and names - but not to the actual contents of the communications .
Intercepting the contents would still need ministerial warrants .
Access to communications data would be available , as now , to senior police , local council officers and other public bodies .
Clearly concerned about a public backlash against the plan , officials stress that the government is not building up a single central database containing personal information of everyone in the country .
Just in case you forgot , Tom DeLay appeared on Hardball this afternoon to remind us just how much of a scumbag he is .
Chris Matthews asks about the tone of the campaign and whether it 's been appropriate .
Of course not , Delay responds , McCain has n't been assertive enough .
Get that ?
McCain 's campaign has n't been sleazy enough according to this a$$hole .
In order to make his case , DeLay goes down the laundry list of Obama smears , including but not limited to , he 's a Marxist , a radical , a black liberation theologist , terrorist sympathizer , and Constitution - hater .
Please do n't watch this clip if you have high blood pressure .
It should really go down in the Hall of Shame , something we can look back on in five or ten years from now and marvel at .
" He must agree with the Marxist theology of black liberation theology . "
" I tagged Barack Obama as a Marxist months ago . [...]
He 's a Marxist , or a socialist at best . "
The AP , to their credit , does a great job of debunking DeLay 's despicable smear of Obama re : his views on the Constitution .
Whatever you may think of Tweety , he usually does a good job of smacking around wingnut Congressmen .
For some reason , though , he always grovels at DeLay 's feet .
I just do n't get it .
I really do n't get why any network ( other than FOX , of course ) would give this putz a platform to spew his crap .
After a rocky day on Wall Street and in markets around the world , sure looks like we ’re going to keep talking about the economy .
That ’s not good for the McCain campaign according to the McCain campaign .
As noted earlier today , the NY Daily News reported :
McCain ’s course correction reflects a growing case of nerves within his high command as the electoral map has shifted significantly in Obama ’s favor in the past two weeks .
“ It ’s a dangerous road , but we have no choice , ” a top McCain strategist told the Daily News .
“ If we keep talking about the economic crisis , we ’re going to lose . ”
Just about every news website has some major article about the stock market losses today .
So , yeah , we ’re going to keep talking about the economic crisis because it ’s still a damn crisis , not a political issue to be swept away by negative campaigning .
Someone over at McCain HQ is going to have to write something about the economy on Sarah Palin ’s Starbucks mocha cup to get her up to speed on the crisis .
UPDATE : Bonddad has a post at DailyKos titled “ Economy In Shambles ; Markets Crashing . ”
Yikes .
This really is a crisis and we ’ll all be talking about the economy for awhile .
Many argue that suburbia was a terrible idea — a giant waste of land , capital , and culture .
I largely agree .
But there you have it : suburbia happened , with no refund available .
It is a sunk cost — not only the millions of homes , but the vast infrastructure for transportation , employment , governance , and distribution that is fundamentally intertwined with the suburban model .
Looking into a future of energy scarcity and economic challenge , it is time for the discussion to shift from “ suburbia sucks ” to “ what are we going to do about it ? ”
Is it possible to build a vibrant , sustainable , and self - sufficient civilization on the framework of existing suburban development ?
More importantly , is there any viable alternative ?
This four - part series will take a critical look at suburbia in an environment of peak oil , beginning with this post ’s discussion of sunk costs and credit markets as they impact our options .
This series will consist of four separate posts : 1 ) this post , on sunk cost and credit , 2 ) a discussion of the suburbia ’s economic prospects and the challenges of commuting and economic production after peak oil , 3 ) the potential and limitations of producing food , water , and energy in suburbia , and 4 ) the impact of decentralization , self - sufficiency , and lessons from history as they inform our “ solutions ” to suburbia .
In this first post , I will develop the argument that sunk cost and the current credit crisis prevent the development of any meaningful alternative to suburbia .
Specifically , suburbia presents a Catch - 22 situation where the theoretical viability of an alternative effectively destroys our ability to either leave suburbia or build that alternative .
This is a crucial foundation to this exploration of suburbia : because there is no alternative that is both theoretically viable and realistically implementable , we must instead focus on adapting suburbia to a post - peak oil future .
For most readers , the threat posed to suburbia by peak oil and generalized resource scarcity is clear .
I wo n’t detail the exhaustive arguments in support of this proposition , but briefly : peak oil threatens our ability to commute from suburbia and transport supplies to suburbia ; suburban civilization is dependent on cheap energy to heat , cool , light , and purify water supplies ; suburban America represents too large a population for any viable , unified version of America to continue if it truly “ fails ” without a suitable alternative .
We certainly can abandon suburbia , but we must recognize that doing so also abandons any hope of a peaceful and prosperous future .
Suburbia in light of its alternatives : I think that we can all agree that suburbia is imperfect , perhaps even fatally flawed .
What I propose is that the task , going forward , is not to determine whether suburbia is “ bad , ” but rather to evaluate our options informed by a realistic appraisal of the alternatives to suburbia .
It ’s fine to say that suburbia is too dependent on long , oil - powered food supply lines .
What is the alternative ?
Can it accommodate the massive population of suburbia , or is it just a partial or stop - gap solition ?
It ’s fine to say that suburban residents will soon be unable to commute to work , and that will render suburban living untenable .
What is the alternative ?
In the initial phases of a debate , it is valuable to refine criticism , to point out flaws .
We must now move past that .
Most of us understand the flaws of suburbia , but we are now at the point where it is only productive to point out a flaw if we do so to argue why a specific , realistic , and implementable solution is preferable .
What are the alternatives ?
For my own purposes , I ’ve divided the spectrum of choices into re-urbanization , re-ruralization , and clustering , but I ’m interested to hear how others would categorize our choices .
I will discuss each of these in a later post , but first it is necessary to outline the key hurdles facing any effort to shift to an alternative : the sunk cost of suburbia and the paucity of credit to finance such a shift .
Building an alternative to suburbia will be a massively expensive endeavor -- is it something we can actually afford ?
Sunk cost is the economic concept that some costs , if they cannot be recovered once they have been incurred , have significant effects on our decision making .
What is the sunk cost of Suburbia ?
Individual homes , for individual buyers , may not entirely represent “ sunk cost ” if they sell immediately , though the decline in prices over the past months does represent sunk cost .
If everyone in suburbia wanted to leave , however , then the entire suburban project -- tens of trillions of dollars -- would represent a sunk cost .
In layman ’s terms , if you bought your house for $ 200,000 but can only sell it today for $ 50,000 , then your sunk cost is $ 150,000 .
Even if you did n’t have a mortgage , that would represent a significant disincentive to selling .
If your mortgage is $ 185,000 , and you have no savings to make up the difference , you are in an even more inflexible situation .
However , from a societal standpoint , the sunk cost in suburbia is even greater than the sum of its home values .
There is a tremendous amount of energy invested in these homes and in the infrastructure to support them .
While suburbia may be highly energy - inefficient , at some point in the not too distant future ( possibly today ) it will no longer be possible to replicate that kind of surplus energy investment to create a sustainable alternative .
As the example above illustrates , declining housing values make suburbia more inelastic .
As prices go down , people are less able to move out of suburbia to an alternative .
To the extent that rising energy prices make suburban house values decrease , they also act to make it more difficult for suburbanites to move to more energy - efficient locations .
Similarly , as credit markets remain tight , it is increasingly difficult to both afford a move to a more energy - efficient home .
It is also increasingly difficult to finance the development of more energy - efficient projects ( whether “ new urbanism , ” condos , light - rail systems , or energy - retrofits of existing suburban homes ) .
There is a feedback - loop between declining house values and tight credit markets .
Declining home values and increasing foreclosure rates ( one result of declining home values ) undermine the viability of mortgage - backed securities ( and send shockwaves into the credit default swap markets ) .
This makes credit tighter , decreasing the pool of people able to buy homes , which leads to further home value declines , ad infinitum .
This is the core of our current financial crisis .
The even more critical problem , however , arises when that feedback - loop process interacts with peak oil .
In an environment of unlimited cheap energy and resources , the above cycle can eventually be “ solved ” through some combination of market forces and government intervention .
However , if we accept that peak oil presents a challenge to suburbia , a Catch - 22 situation arises .
To the extent that suburbia retains its value over the long - term , we can afford to build an alternative to it that addresses the energy challenges facing suburbia .
But if suburbia does maintain its value , where ’s the motivation to do so ?
To the extent that energy challenges undermine the viability of suburbia , causing a desire to move to an alternative and a decline in the value of suburban homes , our ability to finance that alternative is destroyed .
That ’s exactly the catch : to the extent that we need to end the suburban experiment , we are n’t financially able to do so .
To the extent that early adopters “ get out ” soon and buy in to more sustainable alternatives , the vast majority who are left behind are increasingly stuck .
For this reason , suburbia is n’t going anywhere — at least not in my lifetime .
This is not to say that suburbia wo n’t undergo dramatic change .
It will , but we 're largely stuck with its basic fabric .
The potential and great challenge of making something sustainable and life - affirming out of the fabric of suburbia will be the topic of the rest of this series .
Netgear on Monday announced the release of its ReadyNAS Pro Gigabit Desktop Storage system , with six drive bays .
The new ReadyNAS Pro is available starting at $ 2,000 .
The ReadyNAS Pro can be configured using a Web browser .
Designed for small to medium sized businesses with up to 200 users , the ReadyNAS Pro comes in 1.5 , 3 and 6 terabyte configurations .
It 's Mac , Windows and Linux compatible , and supports RAID 0 , 1 , 5 and 6 configurations .
Inside it can house up to six SATA II hard disk drives in lockable , hot - swappable bays .
The ReadyNAS Pro has dual redundant Gigabit Ethernet ports and three USB 2.0 ports that support the addition of external USB drives , printers and backup batteries .
Netgear claims the device can read at over 108 megabytes per second and write at over 102 megabytes per second .
The ReadyNAS Pro has an LCD display that enables you to monitor the system for port failures or status readings .
A Web - based graphical user interface and setup wizard lets you configure user account access , set up e-mail system alerts for the network administrator and perform other administrative functions .
This story , " Netgear Offers Six - bay Network Storage System " was originally published by Macworld .
Last night on The Colbert Report , Dr. Stephen T. Colbert ( DFA ) noted that John McCain was doing something peculiar with his tongue .
The upshot of the joke was that McCain was repeatedly sticking his tongue out like a reptile .
While the late - night laughanistas were having their fun , as a professional poker player I instantly recognized an increasingly well - known poker tell that I ’ve been able to use to my advantage at the table .
Retired FBI agent Joe Navarro , a Bluff Magazine columnist and author of Read ‘ Em and Reap , a book on poker tells culled from his professional interrogation experience , has written about the “ tongue jut , ” which is exactly what McCain was doing in the Colbert debate clips .
Its significance ?
Tongue - jutting behavior is a gesture used by people who think they have gotten away with something or are “ caught ” doing something .
I have seen this behavior in flea markets both in the United States and in Russia , among street vendors in Lower Manhattan , at poker tables in Las Vegas , and in business meetings .
In each case , the person made the gesture – tongue between the teeth without touching the lips – at the conclusion of some sort of a deal or as a final nonverbal statement .
This behavior has several meanings – depending on specific situations – but is usually associated with one of these : I got caught ( taking candy from a drawer ) , gleeful excitement ( look at what I just did , Mom ) , I got away with something ( and I did n’t get caught ) , I did something foolish , or I am naughty .
Naturally , this made me curious as to what exactly McCain was saying when his tongue jutted .
So , today , I watched a replay of the whole debate tape .
A few examples :
“ Greed is rewarded .
Excess is rewarded . ”
“ I have a fundamental belief in the goodness and strength of the American worker . ”
“ I do n’t believe we ’re gonna go back to the Cold War .
I am sure that that will not happen ”
“… loss of all the fragile sacrifice that we ’ve made of American blood and treasure which grieves us all . ”
Take a look :
[ youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMCXFzLt2jI&hl=en&fs=1]
What can we conclude from this ?
I ’m not a trained psychologist , but I have used observation of this particular tell in the past to my financial advantage .
Usually when I ’m observing two players are in a hand against each other , one decides to make a laydown , and the other tongue juts when that happens , I ’ll mentally capture their entire body language during the hand in my memory bank , and when I see it again , I ’ll assign greater likelihood that the opponent is bluffing .
I ’ve profited from this tell .
Does that mean McCain is getting away with something he knows he should n’t ?
Not necessarily — he could be excited to be scoring points — but Navarro ’s long FBI experience tells us this unconscious reptile - brain mimic is in that ballpark .
Perhaps trained body language experts will see the clips and make more definitive conclusions about what McCain is doing here .
Looked at as a composite body of jut - work , I notice these are definitely moments when McCain is feeling pretty good about himself and the points he ’s making .
McCain partisans may even like this clip being out there , because , juts or no juts , they ’re a lot of the comments he wanted to get in .
Every mention of General Petraeus seems to be something McCain feels good about , for example .
Or he could just have a really hilarious tic and it could mean nothing .
[ PS – the other day I heard a crazy rumor about Dr. Stephen T. Colbert ( DFA ) ’s future programming .
Now I ca n’t remember what it was .
Maybe I ’ll recall by Tuesday of next week .
Thanks to our intrepid photographer Brett for editing the clips together , he ’s very excited about the MNF - style donkey - elephant smashup . ]
A University of Alberta researcher has found a possible treatment for the E.coli strain that killed seven people in Walkerton , Ontario , in 2000 and has just been linked to more than 200 illnesses in North Bay , Ontario .
David Bundle , chemistry professor and director of the Alberta Ingenuity Centre for Carbohydrate Science , has developed a polymeric drug that binds a naturally - occurring protein in the body with the E.coli toxin , preventing it from affecting the kidneys .
The effect of E.coli 0157 .H7 on the kidneys can be life - threatening .
Source : University of Alberta
Republicans said they had alerted Democrats they might not have the numbers required .
But they never recommended the legislation be put off and in the end they were unable to win any last - second converts to change the votes that would have been necessary to turn defeat into victory .
Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio , the House Republican leader , said he tried repeatedly and unsuccessfully to sway a handful of holdouts , but eventually gave up .
“ You ca n’t break their arms , you ca n’t put your whole relationship on the line with them and ask them to do something they do not want to do and have that member regret that vote for the rest of their life , ” said Mr. Boehner , who said he could not remember a time when the muscle of both parties and the White House failed to produce a victory .
The outcome after a slightly more than 40 - minute vote on the House floor left lawmakers almost speechless .
Even the strongest opponents of the measure did not expect to prevail , and the leadership of both parties , while increasingly nervous , figured they would squeak out a victory despite a parade of Republicans and Democrats to microphones to assail the measure .
At the White House , the deputy press secretary , Tony Fratto , said just before the vote : “ We ’re confident that it will pass . ”
Under the proposal , the Treasury Department could tap up to $ 700 billion in taxpayer money in installments to buy troubled debt from financial firms , in the hopes of freeing up credit to fuel normal economic activity .
In the final stages of negotiations , new provisions intended to recoup taxpayer losses were added .
They helped the measure win support from Mr. Boehner and some other House Republican leaders , who had strongly opposed an earlier version of the bill .
But they did not put the package over the top .
In impassioned speeches on the House floor , Democrats and Republicans alike vented their frustration over the nation ’s perilous economic condition and the uncomfortable position they were in , facing pressure to approve an unpopular bailout package during an election year , with no guarantee that it would work .
Maybe it looked too delicious to resist or perhaps the hours of waiting had simply provoked the appetites of spectators beyond control .
Whatever the reason , Iran 's eccentric bid to set a world record for making the biggest - ever ostrich sandwich appeared to end in failure today after the evidence was eaten by the hungry watching crowds .
Organisers were trying to enter the Guinness Book of World Records by producing a 1,500 metre-long sandwich containing 1,000 kg of ostrich meat .
More than 1,000 cooks laboured from early morning in Tehran 's Mellat park to assemble the monster sandwich .
But as soon as their task was completed , popular enthusiasm overwhelmed the need for attention to detail as crowds began devouring the snack before its measurements could be verified .
Chaotic scenes ensued as the sandwich was rapidly gobbled up , leaving three Guinness representatives present bewildered and unsure if a new standard had been set .
With a battery of local and international television crews on hand , organisers voiced the hope that video footage would be accepted as proof that the previous record of 1,378 metres , set in Italy in May this year , had been broken .
" We still think the sandwich will be recorded in the Guinness book because of all the evidence and footage that we will send them , " Parvin Shariati , a spokesperson for the organisers , told Reuters .
The event was organised jointly by Tehran municipality 's women 's committee along with industrial ostrich farmers and food and catering groups as part of the city 's second international food and health festival .
Besides setting records , the long - term goal was to create a new cultural appetite for ostrich , which is lower in fat and cholesterol than other meats traditionally popular in Iran .
Today 's overwhelming response may indicate that the promoters have succeeded more quickly in that aim than they dared hope .
INVESTOR ’S BUSINESS DAILY
October 3 , 2008
Climate Change : Imagine a society in which children are encouraged to be informants against their families over a phony issue ?
Imagine no longer .
We ’re not talking about kids turning in parents who commit serious crimes .
We ’re talking about children tallying up environmental transgressions , such as leaving the water running or the lights on too long .
Sounds benign , almost like a little family fun ?
That ’s what NPower , a British electricity provider and creator of the Climate Cops campaign , which has its own Web site , wants the public to think .
But the program has an unpleasant odor .
In fact , it is truly Orwellian .
Kids are expected to keep diaries in which they record their families ’ environmental sins — a “ climate crime case file ” — and are urged to talk about the offenses in their classrooms .
It ’s just a way to raise awareness of global warming and how waste contributes to climate change , nothing more , NPower says , and children wo n’t really be telling on mom and dad anyway .
Do n’t be duped .
One , the threat of kids informing on their parents is implied and should make anyone uncomfortable .
Two , the campaign puts into place a foundation — and a mind - set — that a future informant program could operate on .
On Thursday , we noted on this page the British study recommending the rationing of meat and milk to hold back climate change .
Today , it ’s kids squealing on parents who do n’t practice environmentalist - approved habits at home .
Tomorrow , we fear , is likely to bring yet another campaign in which elitists use the nonexistent threat of global warming to force the lifestyle changes they think are necessary on people they could not otherwise control .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Senior Republicans are planning to meet at a rural retreat in Virginia within days of the election to discuss how to rebuild a party they expect to be badly beaten in the White House and congressional races .
News of the meeting emerged as a poll in Arizona indicated that John McCain could suffer the embarrassing loss of his home state .
The poll put McCain on 46 % and Barack Obama on 44 % , indicating the Republicans are struggling to hold on in their traditional heartlands .
Details of next week 's post - election meeting , to be attended by state chairmen and prominent activists from the conservative wing of the party , are being kept secret for fear of being seen to preempt the outcome of the presidential contest .
It is intended to look at who should take over chairmanship of the party , whether the party needs to switch to the right , and to make plans for the next presidential election .
Sarah Palin , John McCain 's running mate , though not present , will be a central figure in discussions about the party 's future .
" It is about what direction the party takes , the proverbial struggle for the soul of the party , " Norm Ornstein , an analyst at the Washington - based American Enterprise Institute , the home of the neo- conservatives , said today .
" There will be a million post - mortems and finger - pointing .
What is unusual is that the finger - pointing has begun before the campaign is ended . "
One of the biggest post - mortems , if McCain loses , is scheduled for the week after the election , the Republican governors ' annual meeting in Miami .
Sessions planned include one looking back on the election titled , An in - depth evaluation of the 2008 election cycle .
Another session is titled , Looking towards the future : the Grand Ole Party in transition .
There is also a section on the " rising stars of the party " .
One of the concerns of the party is that , if the polls prove accurate , the Democrats are poised to make huge advances into its traditional base in the south and in western states such as Colorado .
With New York and the north - east and almost all of the West Coast primarily in Democratic hands , the question is where to rebuild their base .
The other problem is that the party is short of political " stars " in contrast with the Democrats , apart from Palin .
The hunt for new potential leaders could shift to the younger generation , including figures such as Bobby Jindal , the governor of Louisiana .
The Virginia meeting , to avoid accusations of being premature , is to go ahead whether McCain wins or loses .
If he were to win , the discussion would turn to how conservatives can influence the new administration .
On the agenda for the meeting , at the home of a prominent Republican , are economic , foreign and social policy .
The aim is to build a new grassroots organisation , comparable to Republican efforts after Jimmy Carter won the White House for the Democrats in 1976 , and a similar rebuilding by the Democrats after a wipe - out in the 1994 congressional race .
An unnamed source involved in the planning told the Politico website , which first disclosed news of the Virginia meeting , said : " This is going on if McCain wins , loses or has a recount - we 're not planning for the loss of John McCain . "
The source blamed the party 's decline on betrayal of conservative principles by President George Bush and Republican leaders in Congress .
" There 's a sense that the Republican party is broken , but the conservative movement is not . "
Ornstein said he had heard the buzz about the Virginia meeting for some time and had spoken to some of those involved .
The participants were mainly state chairman and political activists and he did not anticipate elected representatives taking part .
" There are a bunch of people who are planning , assuming that McCain loses , to try to shape the future of the Republican party .
You are going to get a little bit of a struggle , " Ornstein said .
There will be those who argue that the party lost because it strayed from the conservative path while others will argue that the party lost the middle ground , he said .
At the governor 's conference , from November 12 to 14 , speakers lined up include Charlie Crist , the governor of Florida , and a host of southern governors , as well as retired general Tommy Franks , the right - wing columnist Bill Kristol and the pollster , Frank Luntz .
Another post-election meeting is one to be hosted by the South Carolina Republican chairman , Katon Dawson , who has invited state party leaders and others to Myrtle Beach , South Carolina to " " discuss the lessons learned from the 2008 campaign , what we can do better and what it will take to win in 2010 " , the congressional mid-terms will be held .
Dawson is among those seeking to become the next party chairman .
The apology is awesome .
He blames himself for initiating the relationship — see our hardhitting coverage of " One Night In Davos " — with a subordinate .
He says it was not abuse of power , meaning that once he made overtures she was powerless to resist .
The whole affair , literally , is embarrassing the French who were pumped to emerge as global leaders fixing this financial mess .
They should be embarrassed over this letter , too .
WSJ :
Colleagues :
As you may already know , the Executive Board is undertaking an enquiry into an incident concerning me and a staff member who has since left the Fund .
As a matter of good governance , the Board has retained an outside counsel to conduct this inquiry , with whom I have cooperated and am continuing to cooperate .
The outside counsel is expected to report to the Board by the end of this month and I am urging that the outcome be made known to staff as soon as possible .
This morning I met with the Board and I would like to repeat to you what I told the Executive Directors .
First , I apologized and said that I very much regret this incident .
Second , while this incident constituted an error of judgment on my part , for which I take full responsibility , I firmly believe that I have not abused my position .
Third , I fully support the process that is underway and I will , of course , follow the Board 's guidance as to how best to resolve this matter .
I want to apologize to the staff member concerned for my error in initiating this relationship .
She is a talented economist and consummate professional .
I acknowledge and regret the difficult situation this has created for her .
I also apologize to my wife and family .
Many of you will feel that I have let you down , and I understand those feelings .
I can only urge that , especially given the ongoing financial crisis , we all retain our focus on the work of the Fund and the critical role we must play in helping our membership at this time .
I also appeal to you to wait for the full facts to emerge and not be distracted by speculation and rumors in the coming days .
I am committed to doing what is right for the institution and it is my fervent wish that this matter be resolved as quickly as possible .
I also intend to meet with you soon .
Dominique Strauss - Kahn
Hmmm , employees , better bring a chaperone to that meeting ..
You might not be able to control yourselves !
PS
This pic was taken at the conference where the assignation took place .
Do you think it 's before or after ?
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declared Monday that the turmoil on Wall Street was rooted in part in U.S. military intervention abroad and voiced hope that the next American administration would retreat from what he called President Bush ’s “ logic of force . ”
He also asserted , in an interview with The Times , that Israel was doomed like “ an airplane that has lost its engine ” and that Western intelligence documents questioning the peaceful purpose of Iran ’s nuclear program were crude forgeries .
The United Nations General Assembly opened its annual session Monday in a state of alarm over a global financial crisis .
Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said he feared for his effort to secure increased pledges from rich nations to aid the poorest , which are already reeling from higher food and energy prices .
Before joining the annual fall debate , Ahmadinejad sounded a provocative note on the topic during a 40 - minute interview with Times editors and a reporter in a Midtown Manhattan hotel suite heavily guarded by agents of the Department of Homeland Security .
Advertisement
“ Problems do not arise suddenly , ” he said .
“ The U.S. government has made a series of mistakes in the past few decades .
First , the imposition on the U.S. economy of heavy military engagement and involvement around the world . . . the war in Iraq , for example .
. . .
These are heavy costs .
“ The world economy can no longer tolerate the budgetary deficit and the financial pressures occurring from markets here in the United States , and by the U.S. government , ” he added .
Several blocks away , across from the U.N. headquarters , 3,000 people mobilized by a coalition of mostly Jewish groups protested against Ahmadinejad ’s threats toward Israel and Iran ’s human rights record .
And in Vienna , the chief of the U.N. 's atomic watchdog agency , Mohamed ElBaradei , accused Iran of blocking his efforts to clarify its involvement in experiments and studies consistent with the development of a clandestine nuclear weapons program .
Advertisement
Suspicion that Iran is pursuing such weapons took center stage at last fall ’s General Assembly debate and put Ahmadinejad on the spot .
This year , with a divided Security Council reluctant to tighten sanctions against Iran , he appeared relaxed and confident .
“ We do not believe that the U.S. policy perspective , looking at the rest of the world as a field of confrontation , will give good results , ” he said .
The Iranian leader wore a gray windbreaker over a light tan shirt and a Pierre Cardin belt with gray plaid slacks .
He smiled almost incessantly , even when talking about Bush , who addresses the General Assembly today .
The U.S. president ’s policies , the Iranian leader said , have “ harmed . . . people all around the world . ”
He declined to say whether he preferred to confront a Republican administration led by John McCain , who opposes negotiating with Iran , or a Democratic one headed by Barack Obama .
Obama says he would talk to Iran under certain conditions .
Nor did he suggest a fresh approach by Iran to Bush ’s successor .
Advertisement
“ Any [ U.S. ] government that comes to power must change previous policy approaches , ” he said , adding that he was ready to speak with either of the candidates while in New York this week .
“ We ’re interested in having friendly relations . ”
The standoff between the United States and Iran has centered on concerns over nuclear proliferation and threats against Israel , which Ahmadinejad has said should be “ wiped off the map . ”
In recent remarks in Iran , he has clarified that threat .
Iran , he repeated in the interview , promotes a shift in power in the Holy Land by means of elections in which Palestinian residents and returning refugees would vastly outnumber Jews and vote into power a single government over what is now Israel , the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
This single - state idea , espoused by a growing number of Palestinians , is firmly opposed by Israel and the U.S. and other Western governments trying to broker a deal for a Palestinian state alongside Israel .
Advertisement
Ahmadinejad said he would present the proposal to Ban , with whom he met later Monday .
In discussing Israel ’s occupation of Palestinian lands , the Iranian leader touched on his well - publicized refusal to accept the Holocaust as historical fact .
“ Who are these people ?
Where did they come from ? ” he asked in reference to Jews who founded the state of Israel in the wake of the Nazi slaughter in Europe during World War II .
He spoke in Persian through an interpreter , whose translation of his next sentence began : “ We ’ve agreed . . . . ” before she was cut off and corrected by Ahmadinejad :
Advertisement
“ If we agree and accept that certain events had occurred during World War II , ” came the next sentence , “ well , where did they indeed happen ?
In Germany , in Poland . . . .
Now what does this exactly have to do with Palestine ?
Why is it that the Palestinian people should pay for it ? ”
The United States and Israel accuse Iran of arming and training the Islamic militant groups Hezbollah and Hamas , which attack Israel with rockets and suicide bombers and use Syria as a logistics base .
Ahmadinejad said he was not concerned about Israel ’s effort , by means of indirect negotiations through Turkish mediators , to woo Syria away from its alliance with Iran .
Israel wants Syria to shut down the militant groups ’ operations ; in return , Syria seeks a return of the Golan Heights , occupied by Israel since 1967 .
“ We believe that the freedom of the Golan Heights is exactly what the Zionist regime does not want , ” the Iranian leader said .
“ We think it is very unlikely it will happen as a result of the negotiations . ”
Advertisement
Before the Iranian leader arrived at U.N. headquarters , Ban told reporters he would press him for an explanation of Iran ’s stonewalling of an inquiry into its nuclear program by the International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog .
The agency said it has intelligence documents from 10 countries that show Iran conducted secret uranium experiments , tested explosives and pondered bomb designs suitable for nuclear weapons .
At the agency ’s meeting in Vienna on Monday , ElBaradei said Iran had failed to open its records or give “ credible assurances ” about the nature of these activities .
In the interview , Ahmadinejad said the agency was pressing its inquiry under pressure from the United States .
“ All the documentation was forged , ” he asserted .
“ In fact , it was so funny and superficial and not in depth that a school kid could laugh at it .
“ The IAEA must act independently , ” he said .
Advertisement
The United States is unlikely to win approval this week for stepped - up financial and trade sanctions against Iran because Russia opposes the idea and China is reluctant .
Foreign ministers of a six-nation group monitoring Iran ’s nuclear program , which also includes Britain , France and Germany , are to meet on the sidelines of the General Assembly debate .
Ahmadinejad acknowledged that the sanctions , the global financial crisis and wars in neighboring Iraq and Afghanistan were hurting Iran ’s oil - fueled economy , which is beset by inflation , unemployment and shortages of gasoline .
But the Iranian leader , who is seeking reelection next year , made two claims sharply at odds with what Western journalists and other independent observers find in his country : that 98 % of Iranians support his government and that “ we do not have poor people or people who live below the poverty line to the extremes that you find in the United States . ”
--
Advertisement
boudreaux@latimes.com
--
Special correspondent Julia Damianova in Vienna contributed to this report .
--
Advertisement
On latimes.com
Having his say
Read excerpts from The Times ’ interview with Ahmadinejad .
A22 and latimes.com / world .
This analysis , published in the November 6 , 2008 , New England Journal of Medicine ( NEJM ) , finds that seven in ten registered voters say major changes are needed in the U.S. health care system .
The article is the second in a series of reports published in NEJM examining how the election can provide insights about future health policy .
The article examines the public ’s perceptions of the state of the American health care system , the role of health care as a 2008 election issue , and the contrasting health policy views of registered voters who intend to vote for Senator McCain and Senator Obama .
The findings are based on a Kaiser / Harvard survey of registered voters in September , as well as other surveys this year and historical Election Day exit polls .
The article , “ , ” was written by Harvard School of Public Health Professor of Health Policy Robert J. Blendon , Sc.D. ; Kaiser Family Foundation President and CEO Drew E. Altman , Ph.D. ; Harvard Opinion Research Program Managing Director John M. Benson , M.A. ; Kaiser Vice President and Director of Public Opinion and Survey Research Mollyann Brodie , Ph.D. ; Harvard Opinion Research Program Assistant Director Tami Buhr , A.M. ; Kaiser Associate Director of Public Opinion and Survey Research Claudia Deane , M.A. ; and Kaiser Public Opinion and Survey Research staff Sasha Buscho .
News Release
New England Journal of Medicine Article ( free access )
Survey Toplines
The Department of the Interior ( DOI ) is the nation ’s principal conservation agency .
Bush ’s mockery of this department goes back to 2004 , when he installed more than 100 top officials who were once lobbyists , attorneys or spokespeople for the very industries they oversee .
One of the lobbyists that Bush appointed was J. Steven Griles , as the department ’s No. 2 official .
Which in a March 16 , 2004 report called the department ’s ethics system “ a train wreck waiting to happen . ”
Griles was a top lobbyist for the mining , oil and gas industries before joining the Interior Department .
While at Interior he was the subject of a high - profile ethics investigation into his continued contacts with his clients , despite having signed a recusal agreement when he took office .
Environmental groups repeatedly pointed out that Griles was also receiving $ 284,000 per year from his former lobbying firm during each of the four years he was on the government payroll .
This is just one of the many ethical failures , employee misconduct and general mismanagement at the Interior Department .
Though not unexpected when you hire the fox to guard the chicken coop .
Katharine Mieszkowski at Salon.com has shown
Bush ’s seven deadly environment sins and what Obama needs to do to fix them .
I will note that one is missing and that is our oceans .
Our oceans have a very serious problem , which are the ever increasing occurances of dead zones .
Dead Zones are low - oxygen areas .
These occur near inhabited coastlines , where aquatic life is most concentrated .
As of 2004 , it is reported there are 146 dead zones in the world oceans where marine life could not be supported due to depleted oxygen levels .
Katharine talks about Bush ’s environmental policymaking being taken away from scientists , and turning it over to industry cronies – also his environmental sins could have him serving penance for years .
We also invited leading environmentalists to outline Barack Obama ’s mission for cleaning up the nation ’s land , water and air .
Bush Sin 1 : Blew hot air on global warming
By refusing to agree to mandatory greenhouse gas emission reductions , the Bush administration gave major developing nations , such as China and India , carte blanche to do the same .
After all , why should these growing economies do anything about global warming when the one of the world ’s biggest greenhouse gas polluters and richest nations could n’t be bothered ?
Obama mission
Signal that the United States will change its shameful record on global warming — even before taking office .
Attend the international climate talks in Poznan , Poland , this December , and electrify the rest of the world with a promise that the U.S. is serious about reducing greenhouse gases .
That could set the stage for the major climate negotiations to come in Copenhagen , Demark , in December 2009 , when a climate treaty to succeed Kyoto needs to be hammered out .
Bush Sin 2 : Failed to regulate greenhouse gases at home
Bush ’s vows to veto legislation that would limit greenhouse gases have consistently undermined Congress ’ feeble attempts to do anything serious about global warming , such as capping emissions .
Obama mission
Uphold his campaign promise to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions 80 percent by 2050 .
How ?
One key component : a cap - and - trade policy that auctions pollution credits to polluters , with the proceeds going to fund clean - energy programs and habitat protections .
“ People are going to try to use the financial situation to argue against these policies , ” says Chris Mooney , author of the “ The Republican War on Science . ”
“ I ’m really afraid that the financial crisis is going to be used as a club to intimidate people who want to pass a cap - and - trade bill , because they ’re going to argue that it ’s going to hurt the economy . ”
Bush Sin 3 : Failed to develop clean energy sources
Remember when Bush promoted the idea that we ’d all be driving around in hydrogen - fuel - cell - powered cars by 2020 ?
Fat chance .
Obama mission
Get 1 million plug - in hybrid cars on the road by 2015 and ensure that 25 percent of our energy comes from renewable sources by 2025 .
Weatherize 1 million low - income homes annually for the next decade .
Create 5 million new clean - energy jobs by strategically investing $ 150 billion over the next five years to catalyze private efforts to build a clean - energy future .
Just as he promised during the campaign .
Bush Sin 4 : Abandoned endangered species
Not once during the Bush administration has the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service voluntarily sought to list a species as endangered or threatened , offering it more protections .
All the high - profile listings , such as polar bears , have come about after the government has been sued or petitioned by environmental groups and citizens .
Obama mission
Recognize that “ self - consultation ” is a conflict - of - interest oxymoron .
And do as U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service biologists say .
Currently , the service has 252 species , from the Pacific sheath - tailed bat to the Arizona tree frog , that are candidates for listing as threatened or endangered .
“ It ’s not like you have to go in and do a bunch of research .
Bush Sin 5 : Carved up the American West for oil and gas excavation
It ’s been “ Drill , baby , drill , ” all right .
A whopping 35,000 drilling permits have been issued for onshore federal lands during the past seven years .
More than 80 percent of those were for natural gas production .
Obama mission
Curtail the number of leases sold .
Protect wildlife , air and water around existing projects .
Restrict drilling on crucial wintering range for elk .
Close a bizarre loophole that allows oil companies to be exempt from some clean - water regulations .
For the last two deadly sins , here is the link to Salon.com .
has joined the cast of ‘s “ , ” taking on the role of The Knave Of Hearts .
Glover will appear along with ( Mad Hatter ) , ( White Queen ) , ( Red Queen ) and ( Alice ) in theadaptation of thetale .
British actorsandhave already signed up for the movie , part of which is being filmed in Plymouth .
In the novel , Glover ’s character is put on trial for stealing The Queen Of Hearts ’s tarts , however , Alice ( Wasikowska ) comes to his defence .
Burton is using a combination of live action and performance - capture technology in his adaptation .
“ Alice in Wonderland ” is scheduled for release in 2010 .
Teased Vagina - 2008-08-10
5 for " set phasers to malky "
Jimmy Labatt - 2008-08-10
I 'm partial to " ... great big hoor of a spaceship ... "
Jimmy Labatt - 2008-08-10
Er make that " ... RIGHT big hoor of a spaceship ... "
Cap'n Profan!ty - 2008-08-10
- 1 star for missing the obvious " The Engineer Should Be The One Person Who Is n't Scottish " reversal gag
Jimmy Labatt - 2008-08-10
Holy shit I did n't even think about that one but you 're right now that you mention it
kingarthur - 2008-08-10
- 2008-08-10 Even LaForge was Scottish .
baleen - 2008-08-10
Black people in space .
Eskimos in space .
Chinese in space .
Mexicans in space .
Let 's go crazy ... rednecks in space .
Jimmy Labatt - 2008-08-10 OH
BALEEN YOU HAVE CAPTURED MY HEART
IrishWhiskey - 2008-08-10
- 2008-08-10 JEWS !
IN !
SPACE !!!
Wait , I think they already made that one ...
Rodents of Unusual Size - 2008-08-10
Ya en't got a knob !
zatojones - 2008-08-13
I understood about 15 % of that
Tuan Jim - 2009-02-10
- 2009 -02-10 did n't effect my enjoyment of whatever the hell was going on , though .
Ludo Smell Bad - 2010-05-15
I can't understand a word of it
Joe reported earlier that Mitt Romney is a top McCain economic adviser .
McCain should be wary .
According to the right wing American Spectator , Mitt ’s people have been undermining Sarah Palin , because they ’re trying to set up Mitt for 2012 :
Some former Romney aides were behind the recent leaks to media , including CNN , that Governor Sarah Palin was a “ diva ” and was going off message intentionally .
The former and current Romney supporters further are pushing Romney supporters for key Republican jobs , including head of the Republican National Committee .
That means Romney and his people have already written McCain off for this race .
Expect some retaliation from Palin ’s people .
This is getting good .
Mad Magazine has just released another great election poster ( previously it was spoofs on McCain & Obama ) featuring their mascot Alfred E. Neuman as a “ Hopeless ” candidate , spoofing the popular Obama “ Hope ” posters by Shepard Fairey .
This image is also on the cover of the current issue of Mad Magazine ( #495 ) .
See Previously :
– No Country For Old Man & The 46 - Year - Old Political Virgin
– A New Bob Hope
images via Mad Magazine
Where can I vote ?
Once you ’re registered to vote , it ’s important to know where your polling place is located so you know where to go on Election Day ( if you choose to vote in - person ) .
You can find your polling place here .
Keep your eyes on that web page in the days leading up to election day , as your polling place could change between now and November 3rd .
Great video .
Joe and I both got goosebumps .
And after you check that out , make sure you read my post from yesterday about McCain and Palin and their rather troubling connections to anti-Semites .
Then send the link for the video to your Jewish friends , just copy and paste this into an email : http://tinyurl.com/ObamaIsrael
John Aravosis
Follow me on Twitter : @aravosis | @americablog | @americabloggay | Facebook | Instagram | Google + | LinkedIn . John Aravosis is the Executive Editor of AMERICAblog , which he founded in 2004 .
He has a joint law degree ( JD ) and masters in Foreign Service from Georgetown ; and has worked in the US Senate , World Bank , Children 's Defense Fund , the United Nations Development Programme , and as a stringer for the Economist .
He is a frequent TV pundit , having appeared on the O'Reilly Factor , Hardball , World News Tonight , Nightline , AM Joy & Reliable Sources , among others .
John lives in Washington , DC .
John 's article archive .
The Christian Science Monitor will be the first major US newspaper to abandon print and focus on publishing online , it announced yesterday .
The Pulitzer - winning paper has faced significant financial losses and a sharp drop in circulation .
From next April , it will print only a weekend edition , editor John Yemma said .
Circulation has fallen from a peak of 223,000 in 1970 to 52,000 , while online traffic has grown to 5 m page - views per month , against 4 m five years ago and 1 m a decade ago .
The paper was one of the first to go online , in 1995 , when a correspondent was taken prisoner in Bosnia .
Yemma , the Boston Globe 's multimedia editor before joining the Monitor in June , said : " Obviously , this is going to help with our costs , but it also enables us to put much more emphasis on the web and basically put our reporting assets and our editorial assets where we think growth will be in a very tough industry in the future . "
The paper was begun in 1908 by Mary Baker Eddy , founder of the Christian Science church , in reaction to the " yellow journalism " of the time ; it is not considered a religious publication .
It has 95 fulltime journalists , plus freelancers , and nine US and nine overseas bureaus ; this year operating costs were $ 25.7 m , of which the church paid $ 13.3 m .
" There 's no magic bullet on the web .
There 's only doing what essentially works ... doing high - quality journalism and doing it continuously , so that your site becomes a destination , a place where people can expect newly updated news the way you do it , " said Yemma .
The target was to raise monthly page views to 25 m by 2013 .
The weekly would be in a 44 - page news - magazine format ; " web- first " would mean job cuts , but Yemma was unclear how many .
Amid a national debate over offshore oil drilling , the federal government is preparing to unleash development of another offshore energy source : wind .
The Interior Department , the agency that handles oil - and - gas leases in U.S. waters , is preparing to lease swaths of the outer continental shelf to companies that want to erect massive wind turbines .
With the public - comment period for the proposal scheduled to end Monday , competition is heating up to develop wind projects on the shelf , the same underwater formation largely covered ...
One thought that the right should consider more deeply : is the whole idea of a " conservative movement " an oxymoron ?
Austin Bramwell , whose piece I linked to before , thinks movements are overrated .
I guess I 'm relieved when I read someone else who actually seems to have understood a little about Oakeshott :
Michael Oakeshott ... characterized conservatism as a mere dispositiona theory that negates the very possibility of a conservative “ movement . ”
But Oakeshott wrote precisely in reaction to the more ideological understandings of conservatism like those the movement was beginning to develop in America .
The conservative movement continues to pay lip service to Oakeshott , but his theory of conservatism , if accepted , would fatally undermine the rationale for having a movement in the first place .
The practical , “ cash value ” of every other theory of conservatism is that the movement should pursue this or that set of goals and not others .
In short , conservatism is not a philosophy or approach to political affairs that inspires the set of institutions known as the conservative movement .
Rather , the conservative movement is a set of institutions that inspires the ideology known as conservatism .
In the absence of a movement , the felt need to develop a coherent understanding of conservatism would evaporate .
Of course , the movement is not going anywhere and debates as to the meaning of conservatism will continue .
Suppose , however , one agrees with this or that position closely associated with the movement .
Does it follow that one should engage in movement - building activities ?
No .
Non-movement conservatives have arguably done more to advance conservative ideas and without the burden of fitting them into an ideological system or wondering how they may affect their standing within an ideological movement .
A non-movement conservative by definition has no meaningful affiliation with movement conservative institutions .
He may not even care whether others call him a “ conservative . ”
( Indeed , movement conservatives may be quick to denounce him . )
But that need n’t limit his influence .
On the contrary , consider the impact of these notable non-movement conservatives going back to the era of the movement ’s founding .
The Orchid Program : Presented by Palm Partners Recovery Center
The Orchid Program is an alcohol and drug treatment program exclusively for women , presented by Palm Partners Recovery Center .
This program is designed for the specific needs of women suffering from addiction and unresolved trauma , healing lives by addressing the unique needs of alcohol or drug dependent women .
These distinctive needs are addressed in an environment designed to foster a holistic restoration of a woman ’s body , mind , and spirit .
Our primary mission is to provide an opportunity for women to break the cycle of addiction and enjoy healthy , contented , serene and productive lives .
This mission informs and directs the entire Orchid program , from the design of the of the women ’s facilities on campus to our diverse treatment modalities .
To learn more about The Orchid Program at Palm Partners or to find out whether our women ’s treatment program is right for you , we have caring admissions counselors ready to answer any questions you may have .
The Orchid Difference
The Orchid Program ’s alcohol and drug treatment plan were founded on the premise that men and women enter into addictions differently and that women in recovery have unique physical , psychological social and aesthetic needs .
Physically , a woman ’s body composition and hormonal balance different from a man’s .
These differences have implications for the most effective treatment for recovering women .
The Orchid Program ’s physical treatments include programs of fitness therapy and nutritional counseling that maximize a woman ’s health and energy to heal .
Drug and alcohol abuse puts significant stress on the body ’s digestion , detoxification and recuperation organs .
The first order of physical recovery is to provide the woman ’s body with the proper nutrients to strengthen and repair the damage that has been done .
Maintaining proper energy levels is equally important .
Drops and spikes in blood sugar and energy have the potential to trigger cravings of all sorts in recovering women .
After leaving the program , clients take this knowledge to enhance the lifelong health of themselves and their families .
Exercise plays a vital role in recovery in The Orchid Program at Palm Partners .
Regular , strenuous exercise reduces stress , but strengthens a healing body and increases self - esteem .
The Orchid Program offers a range of exercise activities including yoga and regularly available massage therapy .
Free. Easy .
Confidential .
Call Today : 1-800-447-2509
We have caring admissions counselors available 24/7
The Importance of Treatment Constructed Especially for Women
Psychologically , women who become addicted have a different narrative and profile than men who become addicted .
As an often - underestimated rule , women have a greater tendency to have developed that addiction to cope with trauma and emotional pain than men .
Women also have a range of social and cultural pressures and issues that men do not experience .
Women are underrepresented in most treatment centers because women have a harder time reaching out for help .
In mixed gender group sessions , women may not have the same kind of attention or focus on their gender - specific issues as they would with treatment sessions specifically for women .
Our alcohol and drug rehab program of healing encourages women to explore and heal the issues and traumas that underlie the addiction .
Counseling is conducted in an environment of trust and safety , where a woman ’s voice is heard and respected .
With The Orchid Program for women at Palm Partners , special attention is paid to the issue of trauma .
Accounts of physical , sexual and emotional trauma are particularly common among women in addiction .
We believe that until this trauma is effectively addressed and healed , that emotional pain will continue to threaten a woman ’s ongoing sobriety .
For that reason , counselors who work with female clients in The Orchid Program are especially dedicated to helping women uncover and recover from their trauma .
Therapeutic techniques used for women in The Orchid Program include not only the conventional one - on - one cognitive behavioral therapy treatment but also additional forms of treatment that allow women to safely explore and address their personal issues .
Dynamic experiential group work , family sculpting , art therapy , and group counseling sessions enable women to experience and express their emotions in a variety of different ways .
During these therapies , the all - women atmosphere encourages women to speak honestly and openly in ways that the presence of men might inhibit .
Through The Orchid Program at Palm Partners , our staff is acutely aware that many women addicted to alcohol and drugs often have another psychiatric condition as well .
The most common psychiatric conditions affecting females with addictions include mood disorders such as depression , bipolar disorder , and generalized anxiety disorder .
Eating disorders such as anorexia nervosa or bulimia are also common , as are personality disorders such as borderline personality disorder .
We believe that with dual - diagnosed women , the two illnesses often interact in ways that affect a woman psychologically , socially and spiritually .
To restore a woman like this to health , both conditions must be addressed at the same time .
Failure to address both conditions may lead to “ self - medication ” later that undermines a woman ’s progress in sobriety .
The Strength to Heal is Already Within All of Us
Socially , we believe that women more completely recover from addiction and build healthy lives when they have a network of supportive and loving relationships with other women .
The relational growth model pioneered through our women ’s program in drug and alcohol treatment at Palm Partners teaches women to build these trusting , nurturing relationships .
Through exercises and group counseling sessions , women who chose The Orchid Program learn to trust and support other women , often for the very first time in many years .
The lessons and success that women experience in this area allows them to not only build healthy friendships in early recovery but to create their own supportive network when they return to their communities and families .
When a woman becomes addicted , drugs and alcohol commonly play a part in every aspect of her life .
For some women , the prospect of performing even the most simple daily tasks such as grocery shopping or going on a social outing is inextricably linked with the use of a substance of abuse .
The unique groups included in The Orchid Program at Palm Partners include use of a Lifeskills Therapy Model , which encourages lifelong sobriety by teaching women to perform day - to - day tasks and interact socially without drugs or alcohol .
Women who participate in the Orchid program are also given opportunities to go on recreational outings , always accompanied by staff .
The Design of Recovery : The First Treatment Center Designed to Heal
Aesthetically , The Orchid Program staff believes that a woman ’s healing is enhanced through an environment that reflects the qualities that the woman desires in her life .
We know the physical space around the client is a part of the treatment .
That is why the facilities for The Orchid Program use colors and textures that encourage feelings of calm and well - being .
Spaces for solitude and reflection coexist with gathering spaces that encourage socialization and networking .
Learn More about Alcohol and Drug with The Orchid at Palm Partners
Our website was built as a resource for women and their families when alcoholism or drug addiction has become an unbearable fact of life .
We are continually adding articles about the treatment of various drugs and have also launched a new Blog that invites our visitors to comment and have conversations with us about news and issues affecting women .
Furthermore , we have deep libraries of articles ( always growing ) including subjects such as alcohol rehab and drug rehab as well as more information about treatment for specific drugs , including Cocaine , Heroin , Marijuana , Crystal Meth and Prescription Drug Rehab as well .
Amazon.com customers are once again accusing the online retailer of removing video game reviews that criticize the use of SecuROM Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) .
The site says unfavorable reviews are n't being censored , claiming they have accidentally been removed due to a " technical glitch " in automated filtering .
Electronic
Arts expansion to the game Crysis , called Crysis Warhead , has recently been hammered in Amazon 's customer review section in protest of its use of the maligned SecuROM copy protection .
A vast majority of reviews ( at publication , 78 % ) give the game a 1 - star rating .
A good many forgo an actual critique of the game itself in favor of simply deriding the DRM .
A similar ( and more widely reported ) negative reception was given to EA 's Spore for the very same reason .
Many have compared SecuROM 's function to malware because it's often installed without the customer 's knowledge and continues to monitor the PC even after the game is un-installed .
Soon after Spore accumulated a hefty sum of customer complaints , some cried foul when Amazon 's UK store appeared to have yanked hundreds of customer reviews .
They claimed the site was censoring negative reviews in order to help encourage sales .
At the time , an Amazon representative told El Reg the site was " encountering technical difficulties which are preventing some customer reviews from appearing on product detail pages . "
But the situation seems a bit more suspicious when the exact same thing happened to Crysis Warhead over at the US site .
Here 's some fun with Google cache .
The following screenshot clips are from the game 's Amazon page circa October 16 :
And here 's what it looked like this morning :
Questionable , yes ?
Note which rating category most reviews were deleted from .
With a great " ah ha ! " we return to our Amazon spokeswoman .
" It turns out that similar to the Spore incident , some customer reviews were accidentally removed from the Crysis detail page because of a technical glitch , " she responded .
" Amazon did not knowingly or consciously choose to remove the reviews .
The team is working on resolving this issue now and restoring all the reviews on the site . "
That still seemed suspect .
Upon further pressing , she elaborated a bit .
" I can't get into the specifics , but there are some safeguards to try and ensure that customer reviews fall within Amazon 's customer review guidelines .
Sometimes those safeguards pick up on content that seems questionable and removes it . "
Amazon 's guidelines does n't seem to have anything barring DRM criticism , other than requesting reviews focus on specific features of the product .
But evidently , something in Amazon 's system is flagging waves of 1 - star reviews as a violation .
As of publication , the site has restored the missing customer reviews .
The game presently resides at a one - and - a - half - star average rating with 204 reviews .
A flood of negative review certainly could be the sort of thing that makes Amazon 's system blink .
One would think , however , there would be some human eyes involved in the process before over 100 reviews are deleted .
Either way , it 's fortunate some vigilant customers are out there keeping the site honest . ®
Do you think of programming as an art or as a necessity ?
Do you think of programming as a passion or just something to make money off of ?
Do you find that when you write a program you are brought to a place that can no longer be called a job , but a life changing experience ?
" A man can be an artist ... in anything , food , whatever .
It depends on how good he is at it .
Creasey 's art is death .
He 's about to paint his masterpiece . "
- Man on Fire
I currently hold a 9 - 5 job as a software engineer .
I consider my self good at the job as does everyone else in my little cubicle .
I think the thing that separates the man from the boy or the woman from the girl is the passion one shows has .
Do they enjoy the work or do they just come to work for the money ?
Have you found your dream programming job yet ?
I personally have not found a job that currently excites me when I code in 1s and 0s .
My job has its perks like my ability to do a lot of research into new technologies , but at the end of the day I do n't truly enjoy my job .
I do it for the money while at work .
When I am at home , I do it for the passion .
For the fun of seeing things be created from nothing .
At home I spend my time with my family , but my spare time is devoted to hacking ( coding ) .
The problem with this is that families and friends can't seem to figure it out .
They say " that you do it all day at work , ca n't you just put down the keyboard and spend some time with us ? "
I tend to think that some times they might be jealous or ignorant of my computer , but that is n't the case .
While I do sit at work all day in front of a computer working on problems , they are problems of need .
Hacking at work is n't particularly enjoyable nor does it spark the creative muscle .
So , in my spare time I choose programming at home to open that creative muscle .
It needs to be freed and fed .
Too often programming is found as a boring task by many of the people I am around .
They do n't understand its like building a bridge with your mind .
You build the bridge up piece by piece and when its finally done , you have a ribbon cutting ceremony and people start traveling on it .
They use it and stress test the beautiful code you just wrote .
You are completing a part of their lives with your creative imagination .
Not by the muscle on your back , but by the thoughts in your head .
This is what excites me about coding .
I do n't wear gloves that build a bridge , but I write beautiful code that gets used over and over again and solves a real problem in a person 's life .
It 's like a piece of art in a national museum .
I do n't look at it because its there .
I look at it because it is elegant and just plain imaginative .
When I code at work its out of necessity for the money .
When I go home its to use my creative imagination .
At work I am a boy , but at home I am a man .
I hope everyone is able to express their creative imagination sometime of each day even if its not at work .
Programming is an ART for me .
I paint my masterpiece each day when I get home .
If you liked this post , please be sure to subscribe to my RSS Feed .
GOP operatives do n't foresee a massive infusion of money for ads against Obama .
No cavalry coming for McCain
For the GOP , the cavalry apparently is n’t coming .
Republicans attuned to conservative third - party efforts say that with less than two weeks to go until Election Day , the prospects for any 11th - hour , anti-Obama ad campaigns are highly unlikely .
Advertisement
Many in the party , including inside the McCain campaign , have held out hope that a deep - pocketed benefactor would emerge to bankroll ads in the campaign ’s final days — spots that might , for example , resurrect the most incendiary clips from the Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
But thanks largely to lack of passion for McCain within the conservative base , diminished hopes that he can win and a sharp decline in the stock market that has badly pinched donors ’ pockets , veteran Republican operatives say it appears almost certain that what could be the most damaging line of attack against the Democratic nominee will be left on the shelf .
“ It ’s Oct. 21 , and if you ca n’t say it by Oct. 21 , then chances are you ’re not going to say anything , ” said Chris LaCivita , the strategist behind the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth in 2004 .
LaCivita has been working for a new conservative third - party group this year , the American Issues Project .
That group , known in the political community as AIP , was eyed by some in the GOP as a potential major player in taking on Obama .
It spent nearly $ 3 million in key states in August on a tough ad tying the Illinois senator to ' 60s - era domestic terrorist William Ayers and promised additional spots in the fall campaign .
That never happened .
“ Donors just were n’t willing to give the money , ” explains LaCivita .
“ They were hurt badly in the market crash and they were always concerned about how McCain would react . ”
The timing of the financial crisis could n’t have been worse for Republicans .
When Lehman Brothers went under on Sept. 15 , McCain was tied or in the margin of error in national polls .
But when his poll numbers fell along with the stock market , wealthy conservatives saw little reason to invest their shrunken holdings on what was far from a sure thing .
“ Republican donors , at the end of day , are n’t stupid , ” said another Republican familiar with third - party activities this cycle .
“ They ’re not going to throw good money after bad . ”
And it was n’t just the economic bad news — McCain did little to help his own cause .
Two Republican sources involved in third - party groups said the Arizona senator ’s second debate performance in early October , a pivotal moment in the campaign when he and running mate Sarah Palin had begun to ratchet up their attacks , was deflating to some donors .
These sources said that after McCain did n’t use the Nashville debate to aggressively go after Obama , one prominent conservative financier remarked : “ I ’m not going to bother investing anymore . ”
And donors were always fearful they would be rebuked by their party ’s notoriously unpredictable nominee if they underwrote a major effort .
“ McCain never gave a real wink and said , ‘ Go ahead , boys , ’ ” explained one operative close to a third - party group this year .
Another GOP strategist lamented that McCain lacked a core group of rich friends who were willing to part with their money .
Harold Simmons , a Dallas billionaire , underwrote the entire cost of the initial Ayers ad for AIP — but his investment was n’t matched by other wealthy Republicans .
“ In 2004 , Bush had a cadre of donors who wanted to see him succeed , ” said this source , citing “ oil guys . ”
“ But McCain does n’t have that , and this is where it really hurts . ”
One of those oil guys was T. Boone Pickens .
But Pickens , who played a major role in funding the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth , sat out this race , preferring to spend his money promoting a massive clean energy campaign .
For most of the donor pool for a robust third - party effort , this cycle appears to have come down to dollars and cents .
Many , like Las Vegas casino mogul Sheldon Adelson , saw their portfolios slide , reducing their interest greatly in practicing their political hobby on the side .
Adelson had been counted on as the chief benefactor of Freedom ’s Watch , a group originally billed as the right - wing equivalent of MoveOn.org .
But sources say Adelson has pulled the plug on the group , and that it will only wind up spending $ 25 million to $ 30 million this cycle — a far cry from their original vision .
Freedom ’s
Watch had to greatly scale back its ambitions , never aired a single ad in the presidential race and has an uncertain future after the election .
In another contrast with 2004 and the Swift Boat Veterans , there was never money lined up in advance to fund a serious effort against Obama .
“ You ’ve got to have a sustained campaign , ” said Greg Mueller , a conservative GOP strategist who did the PR for the Swift Boat operation , noting that it went up in late - July and stayed on the air .
“ On either side that never really materialized .
Everybody was sort of nibbling around edges . ”
Another operative close to third - party groups said part of the problem was what did n’t happen after AIP broadcast its Ayers ad in August .
The media coverage of the spot , which begin airing during the Democratic convention , was far less pointed than had been expected , depriving conservatives of the sort of echo effect they enjoyed against John F. Kerry in 2004 .
“ It ’s about spurring the mainstream media to do the right thing , ” said this source , meaning to drive both free replays of the ads and subsequent stories about the underlying charges being made .
“ The media did cover the fact that , hey , maybe John Kerry was n’t completely honest about his service in Vietnam . ”
But the Ayers ad got little pickup , overwhelmed by Obama ’s stadium acceptance speech , McCain ’s shocking selection of Sarah Palin and then the Republican convention .
“ It ’s like an initial stock offering .
If it does n’t make somewhat of a run , people are n’t as quick to invest in the next one . ”
There will be some additional anti-Obama spots aired before Election Day .
Mueller promised another wave of ads for clients targeting the Democrat on judicial issues and abortion .
And there remains the remote possibility that a wealthy Republican will emerge to put down some cash in the final days .
“ Some guy could wake up and call me and say , ‘ Here is $ 20 million , ’ ” LaCivita said .
“ But I do n’t see it happening . ”
And in a matter of days , that wo n’t be possible .
An operative working for a third - party group said they were told by Denver stations — where candidates and outside groups are airing ads in competitive presidential , senatorial and congressional races — a week ago to get in their buys because there were not going to be slots available much longer .
“ They said , ‘ Get in your orders through the election , ’ ” said this source .
“ Time is drying up but not gone , ” said Evan Tracey , who heads the ad-monitoring Campaign Media Analysis Group .
“ For ads to work , they need repetition , so if anyone is going to get involved , they either need a very strong ( and unique ) message or some kind of national footprint to have any impact . ”
By law , campaigns are not allowed to coordinate with outside entities .
But McCain aides do n’t seem hopeful that help is on the way or interested in sending any signals .
“ I have no idea what ’s going on with third - party groups , ” is all Rick Davis , McCain ’s campaign manager , would say this week .
Så mye bruker Ola og Kari på forbrukslån
Man kan knapt gå en dag uten å bli eksponert for en reklame for et forbrukslån , enten det er via mobiltelefonen , på TV - skjermen , på busstoppet eller på radio .
Den enkle tilgjengeligheten til disse lånene gjør at nordmenn på rekordtid har økt den samlede forbruksgjelden sin , og trolig vil vi kun låne mer fremover grunnet det lave rentenivået .
Men hva bruker egentlig Ola og Kari forbrukslånet på , og hvor mye koster i snitt et slikt lån ?
Vi har sett nærmere på saken .
Snittprisen for norske forbrukslån
Det finnes ingen offisielle statistikker som samler kostnadene for norske forbrukslån , så her må man rett og slett bruke skjønn og research for å finne ut hvor mye Ola og Kari i snitt betaler for sine forbrukslån .
Det vi vet er at et slikt lån kan ha en effektiv rente ned mot 7 - 8 prosent , men også over 20 prosent dersom man velger en dyr bank / har dårlig økonomi selv .
Følgelig kan vi anta at snittet for norske forbrukslån , basert på de eksempelrentene som banker flest oppgir , ligger på rundt 15 - 16 prosent .
Vi vet også at nordmenn ligger i gjeldstoppen , kun slått av Danmark og Nederland når andre typer gjeld inkluderes .
Nordmenn tar i snitt opp rundt 130 - 140 000 kroner når de låner uten sikkerhet .
Disse lånene vil alts å koste deg rundt 25 000 kroner i renter og gebyrer dersom man tar gjennomsnittsrenten til følge .
Enkelte vil kanskje mene at det er dyrt , men alt ettersom hva man bruker pengene på , så vil det kanskje være verdt den ekstra kostnaden det er å låne penger .
Hva bruker de pengene på ?
Men hva bruker egentlig det berømte paret Ola og Kari pengene fra et forbrukslån på ?
Jo , det skal vi fortelle deg .
Tre av de mest populære områdene er reise , oppussing og møbler / interiør .
Vi nordmenn er glade i å ha det pent og pyntelig hjemme , men vi har ikke nødvendigvis økonomien som skal til for å kjøpe oss alle de flotte møblene og interiøret som vi ønsker oss .
Dessuten er det som kjent ganske dyrt å pusse opp rom som bad og kjøkken , så her er kanskje lån en nødvendighet i seg selv .
Reise troner også høyt på listen over hva nordmenn bruker forbrukslån til .
Det har naturligvis en sammenheng med klimaet her hjemme å gjøre , og det faktum at vi elsker varmere strøk når snøen laver ned .
Hvem låner ?
Det finnes et enkelt svar på spørsmålet om hvem som låner – og det er at « alle låner » .
Ola og Kari finnes i alle aldergrupper , både de yngre som er i starten av 20 - årene , men også de godt etablerte i 40 - og 50 - årene .
Faktisk er det sistnevnte som er mest ivrige på å låne penger , kanskje fordi de allerede har en stabil økonomi og sitter på verdier i eiendom og lignende slik at de kan unne seg litt ekstra penger til forbruk .
Les mer om hvem som tar opp lån her .
Både kvinner og menn låner penger , men statistikken viser at det er menn som låner de største summene med marginale forskjeller .
Dessuten viser det seg at det faktisk er de litt eldre låntagerne som misligholder de fleste lånene , noe som står i sterk kontrast til hva mange tror – nettopp at det er de yngste som ikke betaler tilbake gjelden sin .
Hvor låner Ola og Kari
Nordmenn bruker ofte forskjellige portaler og sammenligningstjenester som feks .
Billigeforbrukslån .no når de skal låne penger .
Såkalte lånemeglere er også veldig populære inkludert Lendo .
Kilder : http://www.dinside.no/okonomi/flest-unge-nordmenn-tar-opp-forbrukslan/61250383
( h/t Heather )
Poor William the Bloody .
He 's virtually the only one left to defend his hand picked VP candidate , Sarah Palin for spending 150 K on clothes , refusing to go on any of the Sunday Talk shows , not being viewed as competent for the job and now is being called a ' Diva ' and going rogue by the McCain campaign as the wheels are falling off for Kristol .
In an interview with CNN today , one McCain adviser anonymously called Palin “ a diva ” and said “ she is playing for her own future ” political prospects .
She is a diva .
She takes no advice from anyone , ” the advisor told CNN .
“ She does not have any relationships of trust with any of us , her family or anyone else .
Also she is playing for her own future and sees herself as the next leader of the party .
Remember : divas trust only unto themselves as they see themselves as the beginning and end of all wisdom . ”
None of it is her fault .
Nope , it 's all McCain and the staff .
And all his conservative pals criticizing her are just getting their information about Palin through the media .
Obviously they are just lazy .
I thought they all hated the librul media , Bill ?
Kristol : I think Gov. Palin has been ill served by some of her staff ....
I 'm told she 'll be happy to do a TV show , she has n't gotten authorization , I hope she breaks free this week .
She should do FNS and every other show as far as I 'm concerned next Sunday .
The staff has not served her well by hiding her .
I blame the campaign for not putting her out ... I think it 's just terrible that they 're letting the image of her be that she 's sort of rallying the crowds but has nothing serious to say .
Williams :
If I said to you .
who 's being negative in all this media .
Who 's being so condemning of Sarah Palin , If I say David Brooks , Peggy Noonan , Kathleen Parker , Ken Adelman Mathew Dowd , who 's the Democrat in there that 's condemning , no those are all Republicans , Bill .
Kristol : Has any of them even read wither of those speeches .
Has any of them met Sarah Palin or talked to her ?
There 's a lot of condemnation going on that 's based on second hand media accounts .
Williams : I think the reality is right now it has n't been a help to the McCain ticket .
From June 30th , 2008 ... Kristol endorsing Sarah Palin on FOX ....
This content requires the most recent version of the Adobe Flash Player .
Get this version below :
Get Flash
NEW DELHI / MUMBAI :
At least 101 people have been killed in attacks by gunmen in Mumbai , police said on Thursday .
( Watch )
" At least six foreigners have been killed and the death figure has gone up to 101 now , " Ramesh Tayde , a senior police officer told from Mumbai 's control room .
In one of the most violent terror attacks on Indian soil , Mumbai came under an unprecedented night attack as terrorists used heavy machine guns , including AK - 47s , and grenades to strike at the city 's most high - profile targets -- the hyper - busy CST ( formerly VT ) rail terminus ; the landmark Taj Hotel at the Gateway and the luxury Oberoi Trident at Nariman Point ; the domestic airport at Santa Cruz ; the Cama and GT hospitals near CST ; the Metro Adlabs multiplex and Mazgaon Dockyard -- killing at least 101 and sending hundreds of injured to hospital , according to latest reports .
( Watch )
The attacks have taken a tragic toll on the city 's top police brass :
The high - profile chief of the anti-terror squad Hemant Karkare was killed ; Mumbai 's additional commissioner of police ( east ) Ashok Kamte was gunned down outside the Metro ; and celebrated encounter specialist Vijay Salaskar was also killed .
( Watch )
The attacks appeared to be aimed at getting international attention as the terrorists took upto 40 British nationals and other foreigners hostage .
The chairman of Hindustan Unilever Harish Manwani and CEO of the company Nitin Paranjpe were among the guests trapped at the Oberoi .
All the internal board members of the multinational giant were reported to be holed up in the Oberoi hotel .
Two terrorists were reported holed up inside the Oberoi Hotel .
Fresh firing has been reported at Oberoi and Army has entered the hotel to flush out the terrorists .
An unknown outfit , Deccan Mujahideen , has sent an email to news organizations claiming that it carried out the Mumbai attacks .
( Watch )
The Army and Navy in Mumbai were put on alert .
65 Army commandos and 200 NSG commandos were being rushed to Mumbai , Home Minister Shivraj Patil said .
The Navy commandos too have been asked to assist the police .
Special secretary M L Kumawat is in constant touch with the state police .
Some media reports attributed the attack to Lashkar - e - Taiba .
There were also unconfirmed reports that some of the terrorists came in by sea .
A boat laden with explosives was recovered later at night off the Gateway of India .
Well after midnight , sources said two of the terrorists were shot and wounded at Girgaum in south Mumbai .
The two were driving in a commandeered silver - coloured Skoda car .
Earlier , these men had sprayed bullets from a police Bolero , outside the Metro Adlabs multiplex .
The attacks occurred at the busiest places .
Besides hotels and hospitals , terrorists struck at railway stations , Crawford Market , Wadi Bunder and on the Western Express Highway near the airport .
Several of these places are within a one - km radius of the commissioner of police 's office .
" This is definitely a terrorist strike .
Seven places have been attacked with automatic weapons and grenades .
Terrorists are still holed up in three locations Taj and Oberoi hotels and GT Hospital .
Encounters are on at all three places , " said Maharashtra DGP A N Roy .
St George 's Hospital and G T Hospital were said to have received 75 bodies and more than 250 injured people , additional municipal commissioner R A Rajeev said .
Bombay Hospital got two bodies and 30 injured people were admitted there ; Cooper Hospital , Vile Parle , got three dismembered bodies .
Three of the deaths occurred inside the Taj and one G T Hospital attendant died in a shootout inside the hospital .
There were reports of people cowering under tables and chairs at both the Taj as well as G T Hospital .
Metro Junction resident Manoj Goel said : " My brother , Manish , died in the firing at Colaba 's Hamaal Galli . "
Cops fired back at the men -- probably from one of the Lashkar groups , dressed in black and with backpacks and SRPF , Crime Branch , ATS and teams of military commandos were summoned to the spot .
Train services at CST were suspended and all roads leading to and from south Mumbai were blockaded .
Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh cut short his Kerala visit and was returning to Mumbai .
He described the situation in Mumbai as " very serious " .
( Watch )
Deshmukh promised " stringent action " against the assailants but the mood across Mumbai was not so optimistic .
There were reports of firing around several landmark buildings in the Colaba - Nariman Point area , including the Taj hotel , Oberoi and other tourist attractions and pubs like Leopold's .
The top floor of Oberoi was said to be on fire amid reports of blasts in the area and blood - smeared bodies were being brought out of the Taj lobby .
Terrorists were said to be holed up at the Taj as well as G T Hospital and cops scampered to cordon off these places .
A white flag was seen fluttering from an Oberoi Hotel window around 11.20 pm , where a blast was said to have occurred .
The blast on the Western Express Highway -- near Centaur Hotel outside the airport -- occurred in a taxi , deputy commissioner of police Nissar Tamboli said .
The firing and bombing started close to the Gateway of India .
The gunbattle then moved on towards CST and raged on for over an hour from 10 pm , sending commuters running out of the station .
The assailants also fired into the crowd at CST and people on the trains and then ran out of the station themselves and into neighbouring buildings , including Cama Hospital , after being challenged by cops .
SRPF personnel then entered the iconic BMC building -- just opposite CST -- to take aim at the assailants , BMC commissioner Jairaj Phatak said .
" We fear some of the assailants are still inside the station and we want to catch them if they come out , '' a police official said .
Vikhroli police station senior inspector Habib Ansari was on his way to work from his Colaba home when he saw two armed men , with sophisticated weaponry , trying to run into bylanes near the Gateway of India .
" I rushed back to Colaba and all policemen , including GRP and RPF personnel , were called up , " he added .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin : a true - false guide
US Republican presidential candidate Senator John McCain ( R - AZ ) looks on as his vice presidential running mate , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin ( R ) gestures to the crowd at a campaign event in Dayton , Ohio August 29 , 2008 .
REUTERS / John Gress ( UNITED STATES ) US PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION CAMPAIGN 2008 ( USA ) less US Republican presidential candidate Senator John McCain ( R - AZ ) looks on as his vice presidential running mate , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin ( R ) gestures to the crowd at a campaign event in Dayton , Ohio August ... more Photo : John Gress , Reuters Photo : John Gress , Reuters Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin : a true - false guide 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The blogosphere is buzzing with rumors about the Republican vice presidential nominee - some true , some half - true and some false .
Here 's a sampling :
She called the Iraq war " a task from God . "
TRUE
Palin told congregants at her evangelical church in Wasilla in June that the Iraq war is " a task that is from God " and part of " God 's plan . "
She also urged congregants to pray for a $ 30 billion natural gas pipeline project she wants to build .
She 's a member of the Alaskan Independence Party .
FALSE
Members of the Alaskan Independence Party - which wants Alaskans to vote on seceding from the union - say she was a member briefly in the mid-1990s .
The McCain camp produced records showing she 's been a registered Republican since 1982 .
But she did offer a brief video greeting at this year 's AIP convention .
Her husband , Todd , was an AIP member between 1995 and 2002 .
She wants creationism taught in public schools .
TRUE
She 's in favor of teaching both creationism and evolution in the public schools .
" Teach both , " she said in a 2006 gubernatorial debate .
" Do n't be afraid of information . "
McCain believes the issue should be decided by individual school districts .
She opposes abortion in all cases .
FALSE
Palin makes one exception - if the life of the mother is threatened .
But she opposes abortion in cases of rape .
Asked at the 2006 debate what she'd do if her daughter were raped and became pregnant , she said , " I would choose life . "
McCain supports a rape exception .
She does n't believe global warming is man-made .
TRUE
Palin said in an interview with NewsMax magazine published last week , " I 'm not one , though , who would attribute it to being man-made . "
Her view is at odds with McCain , who has championed legislation to address climate change .
She 's challenged members of her own party .
HALF TRUE
She ousted the Republican state party chairman from a key commission , challenged GOP Gov. Frank Murkowski and won , and recently endorsed a rival to Rep.
Don Young , R - Alaska .
But from 2003 - 2005 , she served as a director of an independent expenditure committee that raised money for Alaska GOP Sen .
Ted Stevens , who is currently facing corruption charges .
Stevens endorsed her and appeared in a TV ad for her during her 2006 race for governor .
She did n't give birth to her fifth child , son Trig .
FALSE
This false rumor , circulated on liberal blogs , was debunked , but forced the McCain campaign to acknowledge that Palin 's 17 - year - old daughter , Bristol , is five - months ' pregnant with a child conceived with her 18 - year - old boyfriend , Levi Johnston .
Sarah Palin delivered Trig , who has Down syndrome , in April .
She is being investigated for dismissing the state police commissioner .
TRUE
Her firing of the state public safety commissioner who refused to dismiss a state trooper involved in a nasty divorce from Palin 's sister is under investigation by the Alaska Legislature .
Palin has admitted that a member of her staff phoned the trooper 's lieutenant in an effort that could have been perceived as pressure , and that her husband and other officials also had contacted the commissioner about the trooper .
She has insisted , however , that she did not authorize the phone call and was not aware of it .
Palin's pick to replace the police commissioner resigned two weeks later over sexual harassment allegations .
TRUE
Palin appointed a replacement on July 11 , the same day she fired the veteran commissioner .
According to the Anchorage Daily News , the appointee came under scrutiny from the governor after he acknowledged at a press conference a 2005 sexual harassment complaint while he was chief of Kenai police resulted in a letter of reprimand from the city .
The governor learned of the reprimand from that news conference .
Before then , she had thought the complaint was unsubstantiated , the paper reported .
She opposes earmarks .
FALSE
She opposed one earmark - the infamous " Bridge to Nowhere " - after initially supporting it .
But her administration in February sent Stevens a 70 - page memo asking for $ 200 million in earmarks .
And , as mayor of Wasilla , she hired a lobbying firm and got $ 27 million in earmarks for a town of 6,500 residents .
Source : Chronicle research
Brides Look Forward to Marrying Under Tribal Same - Sex Marriage Law Tribal leaders say Coquille tribe may be the first to allow gay marriage .
Aug. 27 , 2008  --
A request from a bride - to - be has led an Oregon Indian tribe to legalize same - sex marriage , a move leaders say may be the first of its kind in the United States .
The Coquille Indian Tribe now not only recognizes legal same - sex unions from state and federal governments , but it will soon be handing out its own marriage licenses not only to heterosexual couples , but to homosexual couples as well .
Kitzen Branting is like a lot of other brides who have come before her :
She has already found her wedding dress , set a date for the ceremony and proudly wears her engagement ring .
But her journey to the altar has been a bit different than most , since she requested new tribal legislation sanctioning same - sex marriage .
Branting , 25 , and her fiancee , Jeni Branting , plan to be married in May under the tribe 's new law .
' Recognition and Respect '
The high school sweethearts have already gathered all the legal documents they are allowed -- wills , powers of attorney and domestic partnership registry -- but they wanted a legal ceremony from the tribe in which Kitzen Branting was raised .
" What I asked them was to be willing to recognize homosexual marriages , " she said .
Before the tribe ruled on Kitzen Branting 's request in May , the Coquilles did not have a policy defining marriage and did not perform ceremonies or hand out marriage licenses of any kind .
Like most other American Indian tribes , the Coquilles have their own laws and customs .
" Native Americans , more than anyone , know about discrimination , " Coquille Indian Tribe Chief Ken Tanner told ABCNews.com .
" Our directive is to provide recognition and respect to all members of our tribe . "
The clause about issuing marriage licenses , however , will not go into effect until the tribe passes legislation on divorce and child custody procedures , according to Coquille tribe attorney Brett Kenney .
But Kenney said he 's optimistic that the tribe will be performing marriages before Kitzen and Jeni Branting are ready to walk down the aisle in May .
" I have a deadline now , " Kenney said , laughing .
Tanner , 68 , said the tribe 's law was not intended to make a statement about gay marriage or advocate for similar legislation from any other tribe or governing body .
" We have no interest whatsoever in this being a national interest of any kind , " he said .
Looking for Acceptance , Not a Fight
Kitzen and Jeni Branting -- Kitzen legally took Jeni's last name three years ago -- signed up for the domestic partnership registry in their home state of Washington , but Kitzen Branting said getting married under tribal law means more to her than state or federal recognition .
" They 're my family and we 're a pretty small tribe and I have a close connection to them , " Branting said .
She remembers summers spent at youth camps and performances of traditional Coquille dances .
" They are my immediate people . "
Once married , Jeni Branting , 27 , who is not a Coquille , will have the same rights as any other tribal spouse , including health insurance and the right to attend tribal functions .
Kitzen Branting said she approached the tribal council several years ago , but the issue was pushed aside for more pressing matters until another tribe member brought it back to the council 's attention about a year ago .
The tribe held workshops for members in which the discussion was open for comments on all marriages , though the focus was mostly on the same - sex variety , Branting said .
Kenney said the tribe was in no way trying to pick a fight with the federal government , which partially funds some aspects of Coquille life , including education , natural resources and some health care .
" This is a very internal matter , " he said .
In the Brantings ' case , the couple -- who are in the process of moving out of Oregon and back to their native Edmonds , Wash . -- would receive tribal health - care benefits under a plan that is 100 percent funded by the tribe , Kenney said .
Sarah Deer , a tribal law attorney , said she does n't see any reason why the federal government would or should intervene in the Coquille 's marriage law , because the legislation does not involve any expenditure of federal funds .
Still , she said , " that 's not to say they wo n't try . "
Nedra Darling , spokeswoman for the federal Bureau of Indian Affairs , said the government had no reason to interfere .
" The tribes can dow this basically , because the tribes have the ability to regulate domestic relationships , " she said .
The Coquille tribe , which is based in southwest Oregon and has about 860 members , received federal recognition in 1989 .
Tanner said that there have been some tribe members who are displeased by the new legislation and that he appreciates their views just as he does the opinions of the law 's supporters .
" Many people have expressed pride in the tribe 's courage " to legalize same - sex marriage , Tanner said .
" We only ask that people respect differences and all the Creator 's creations , " he said .
Varying Tribal Law
Deer , who is a visiting professor at the William Mitchell College of Law in St. Paul , Minn. , and a victim advocacy legal specialist for the California - based Tribal Law and Policy Institute , said she also does not know of any other American Indian tribe that has sanctioned or legalized same - sex marriage , but that does n't mean they do n't exist .
" Very few of them want to make a splash in mainstream culture , " she said .
Some tribes , however , have signed documents banning gay marriage , including the Oklahoma - based Cherokee Nation and the Navajo Nation , in Arizona , New Mexico and Utah .
Many other tribes , Deer said , have marriage laws that are modeled after state and federal legislation , not necessarily because of the tribe 's belief system , but because such tribal laws are typically drafted for the tribe by outside legal counsel .
Still , she said , it 's not uncommon for tribes to issue their own marriage licenses or perform traditional wedding rituals .
" Any time a tribe asserts its own definition of a cultural norm ?
it 's better they do it on their own terms , " Deer said .
' Ups and Downs '
Kitzen Branting , then Kitzen Doyle , was a freshman in high school when she met Jeni Branting .
The girls ' announcement of their sexual orientation was " bumpy , " Kitzen Branting said .
The two are now considered permanent members of each others ' families .
" We 've definitely had our ups and downs over the years , " she said .
" But overall they 've been very supportive . "
The women have lived on the tribal reservation in Coos Bay , Ore. , for about a year but they are moving back to Washington to live with Jeni Branting 's grandmother who was widowed in January .
Nevertheless , Kitzen Branting said she will remain as involved with her tribe as she ever was .
She is a Coquille descendent on her father 's side , while her mother is Irish .
The engagement ring she wears is a traditional Irish claddagh , while Jeni Branting sports a diamond .
So while the Coquille tribe works out the details of the new marriage laws , the two women continue planning for their wedding and are shopping for a second bridal dress .
And Tanner said he 's going to marry the Brantings personally .
Observers of that campaign and the current one say she seems different this time — more guarded , more tense , superthin .
She rarely campaigns away from her husband ’s side , and yet their interactions on the trail often appear brief and formal .
During the rolling primary - season seminars that Mr. McCain held in the back of his bus , Mrs. McCain sat up front .
Once in a while , she joined him , sitting very straight , smiling and saying little .
Physically , she seems fragile : she suffers from migraines , hobbled around on crutches last year after a knee injury and recently wore a wrist brace because of a handshaking injury .
In speaking about each other , the McCains use standard lines : she praises his experience , he tells the crowd that she should really be the candidate .
Meghan McCain , their daughter , performs the image - softening role spouses usually perform for each other : on her blog , she depicts her father joking around on campaign planes and her mother in polka - dot pajamas .
On Friday , Mrs. McCain made rare contact with the reporters covering her husband , distributing Halloween candy and gaily advising , “ Make your dentist happy ! ”
In interviews , some of Mrs. McCain ’s statements seem questionable .
She often tells of how she moved to California , leaving her children behind , for four months in 2004 to recover from a stroke that left her unable to walk or speak .
But news reports from the time indicate she had few discernible impediments .
She gave interviews four days afterward , attended a baseball game with her husband and a reporter several weeks later , and spoke at a Tempe , Ariz. , Chamber of Commerce event .
“ One month out , I feel wonderful , ” she told the audience .
The McCain campaign declined to resolve the discrepancy .
Similarly , Mrs. McCain often mentions her travels to Rwanda at the height of the 1994 genocide — she wrote about it in a recent Wall Street Journal opinion piece and has been praised by politicians and newspaper columnists for jetting into the heart of a massacre .
As with her other charity trips , participants praised her eagerness to help victims of tragedy .
But news accounts and interviews indicate , and a campaign spokesman confirmed , that Mrs. McCain traveled after the genocide had ended , spending time with refugees in neighboring Zaire , now Congo .
Asked if she was ever in Rwanda , as Mrs. McCain has stated many times , a campaign spokesman , Jill Hazelbaker , said “ she was driven to the Zaire / Rwanda border in order to assess the conditions of the refugees entering the country . ”
Whatever stumbles she may have made in telling her story , Mrs. McCain has exhibited the signal trait of the political spouse : a burning desire to win .
In summer 2007 , she helped reorganize her husband ’s campaign after it almost fell apart , sitting down with the books to review the cash - flow .
Rick Davis , a contentious figure in the McCain camp because of his lobbying ties , emerged as campaign manager , in part because Mrs. McCain , with whom he spent months traveling and fund - raising , backed him .
“ It was at a time when most people had given up on John , ” said Mr. Salmon , the former Arizona congressman .
“ When he was down , Cindy was extremely positive . ”
Asked to explain how Mrs. McCain can seem so uncomfortable on the trail and yet so intent on victory , friends say she truly believes that her husband is the best man for the job .
Some note she has invested for decades in his career and now sees the ultimate prize in reach ; others say she wants approval , from either her husband or the public .
At a Florida rally on Thursday , the crowd greeted her with chants of “ Cin-dy ! Cin-dy ! ”
If Mr. McCain wins , she would have to return to the town she says she dislikes , attending the same sorts of luncheons she once fled from .
But this time — maybe at the annual event that Congressional wives have for the first lady — the women of Washington , including a few who shunned her the first time around , would have to applaud in Mrs. McCain ’s honor .
by Michael Tracey
It is n’t just that there is an appetite for scandal , sex , sleaze , death narratives , it is also that feeding such appetites can be very profitable .
The fact is that an essential problem with today ’s media , one that has been gestating for many years , even decades , lies with the families and trust - funders that own media chains , and with the media moguls that , like great beasts , roam the landscape of a new grim cultural ecology , gobbling up this and that tasty morsel , a television station here , a newspaper there , forever seeking to sate their own insatiable appetite .
Somehow the Gold Is n’t All
The point is actually very simple , even obvious and even allowing for an understanding that the logic of Kapital is accumulation , a Vice for the Ages : they are greedy .
If there were a large public appetite for Goethe in the original medieval German , they would feed it .
There is n’t , and so they plunder the global treasure and rape the human spirit in ways that make the Vikings and the Visigoths look like UNICEF .
For them , it is n’t that the truth shall set you free , it ’s the belief that wealth will make you happy , and as far as I can see , they ca n’t even get that right .
To make this point I could point to a bevy of social theorists and clinicians , the armies of therapists , the mountains of anti-depressants , the addictions , to the sheer turmoil , if I read Dominic Dunne correctly , that seems to afflict the lives of the wealthy .
I wo n’t ; I will simply borrow this from Robert Service ’s “ Spell of the Yukon ” :
“ I wanted the gold , and I sought it ,
I scribbled and mucked like a slave .
Was it famine or scurvy – I fought it ;
I hurled my youth into a grave .
I wanted the gold , and I got it –
Came out with a fortune last Fall –
Yet somehow life ’s not what I thought it ,
And somehow the gold is n’t all . ”
The fact is that the lesson learned from the coverage of cases such as JonBenet is that we face not just a crisis of the media in general and journalism in particular , with its fearful flight from purpose , but a larger crisis of prevailing values .
The problem is n’t complicated : in a market economy , and in a culture defined to an inordinate extent by economic calculation , other values are inevitably squeezed out , values that recognize a public interest , a public good that needs to be served and that is different from the aggregation of individual wants , indeed that suggests that what people want is not the same as what they need .
Witness the way in which around the globe public service broadcasting organizations are being marginalized or , in some instances , systematically dismantled , to make way for a market - driven media culture , something which strikes me as akin to pulling down the Taj Mahal and replacing it with a shanty town .
The issues raised by rampant materialism and consumerism , and the sidelining of other “ virtues , ” does not only speak to a critique of American culture and media .
The problem is global , if only because global media are also dominated by large corporations .
If I look at my home country , the UK , there are many critics arguing that , in its once - celebrated culture of broadcasting , it has lost its way , unable to fulfill its public service remit , mired in sleaze and tat , no longer vigorous , vibrant and socially significant .
And if it is a shadow of its former self , is that a failure from within or is it one more portent , one more shrill illustration that history has moved on , the market is dominant , feeding public appetites that suggest a larger cultural and spiritual deterioration , a culture full of what Richard Hoggart once called “ corrupt brightness , of improper appeals and moral evasions ” ?
I accept , however , that people like Hoggart and so many others ( and I would include myself here ) who regret what has happened are declared to be on the wrong side of history .
Maybe so , but what I think we can say is that what ’s being lost are some important values that , once gone , will be extremely difficult to retrieve : respect , responsibility , trustworthiness , caring , justice , fairness , civic virtue , citizenship .
In other words , all the values and commitments that define a mature civilization and that provide the possibility of realizing the essential demand of liberal humanism , the achievement of the full and complete individual .
The Moronic Inferno
The absence of that fullness and completeness , the startling lack of mature judgment and cultivated taste , so prevalent in much popular culture , is very much suggested in the fact that by some bizarre alchemy of the times JonBenet became a celebrity and remains one – which begs yet again the question of why .
How did a dead six year - old child become part of what Sean O’Hagan has called the “ moronic inferno that is contemporary celebrity … ” ?
As ever , the answer is both simple and complex : simple because it ’s clear that people like and need celebrities ; complex because of the complex intertwining of psychology , culture and personal biography that feed that need .
As I was writing this , on Sunday morning , December 9 , 2007 , an event was taking place in South Carolina that is a pitch perfect example of the odious cult of personality .
Oprah ( her name is in your Microsoft Word spellchecker dictionary , by the way ) was on the stump for Barack Obama ( and neither “ Barack ” nor “ Obama ” are in my spellchecker dictionary ) .
The original intent had been to hold a rally in an indoor arena , seating 18,000 people .
When it sold out in minutes , they decided to switch to an outdoor stadium with 80,000 seats .
It also sold out .
Does anyone seriously believe that those in attendance are there for any other reason than to “ see ” Oprah , rather than to “ listen ” to Obama .
( I understand that this has since changed , since Obama himself morphed into a politician - as - rock star . )
Put this another way , there were then candidates for the Democratic party nomination with enormous experience , many ideas and thoughts about how to deal with the troubled times within which we live , including Christopher Dodd , Joe Biden and Bill Richardson , all of who were hard pressed to fill a high school gym .
This is telling us something – as a culture we are about the “ moronic ” rather than the profound and important .
And it is precisely here that the issue becomes worthy of unpackaging , because in a curious , even bizarre sense , Oprah and JonBenet and all those others are cut from the same cloth , and it is we who wield the scissors .
For example , can there be any more pathetic , sad , revealing comment about the state of the culture – and not just in the United States – than the following comment from David Samuels , in an article about the paparazzi who follow Britney Spears around ( 30 to 45 on any given night ) in The Atlantic , April 2008 :
“ History ’s best - publicized celebrity meltdown has helped fuel dozens of television shows , magazines and Internet sites , the combined value of whose Britney - related product easily exceeds $ 100 million a year , and helped make ‘ Britney Spears ’ the most popular search term on Yahoo once again in 2007 , as it has been for six of the past seven years … ”
Read the whole piece and you might , if you have any sense of decency , want to slit your wrists .
( In kind of related , nauseous vein , try this : the journalist Tana Ganeva pointed out that in 2006 , the British retail chain Tesco – think Target – launched the Peekaboo Pole Dancing Kit , designed to help young girls “ unleash the sex kitten inside . ”
Amidst protests from parents ,
Tesco moved the product from the toy section , but shelved it elsewhere in their stores . )
Affluenza
As ever , the observation of the fact of celebrity culture is less important than the question , why , from within what psychological and cultural pathologies does the need for celebrity gestate , what sustains it to the point where it metastasizes into compulsive needs , and why is it that those needs seem to be particularly acute , if Samuels is correct ( which I suspect he is ) among women between the ages of 16 and 34 ?
In two books Oliver James has argued that the problem is that we live in a troubled time of “ Affluenza , ” where the drives of neo-liberal economics , with its compulsive competitiveness , materialism , and individualism produce not happiness but emotional distress , anguish and insecurity .
As Margaret Bunting writes :
“ Drawing extensively on the work of American psychologist Tim Kasser , James argues that our recent increased wealth has come at the cost of the emotional well - being of a large proportion of the population ; rates of distress among women in the UK almost doubled between 1982 and 2000 .
This is true of New Zealand and Australia as well as the UK and the US , in striking contrast with more egalitarian and collectivist countries such as Denmark or Germany .
He tracks how ‘ selfish capitalism ’ generates insecurity and inflates comparisons ; how a winner - takes - all competitiveness merely creates losers and a pandemic of low self - esteem , with its compensatory pathologies around celebrity and status .
Remarkably , Erich Fromm , the Marxist psychoanalyst and Buddhist writer , foresaw much of this half a century ago and James quotes his prescient analysis of the ‘ passive , empty , anxious , isolated person for whom life has no meaning ’ and who compensates through “ compulsive consumption , ” mass consumer societies which despite their claims to kneel at the altar of sovereign individualism inevitably and ironically , cripple personal agency . ”
Tim Kasser , in The High Price of Materialism , suggests that there is a “ scientific explanation of how our contemporary culture of consumerism and materialism affects our everyday happiness and psychological health .
Other writers have shown that once we have sufficient food , shelter , and clothing , further material gains do little to improve our well - being .
Kasser goes beyond these findings to investigate how people ’s materialistic desires relate to their well - being .
He shows that people whose values center on the accumulation of wealth or material possessions face a greater risk of unhappiness , including anxiety , depression , low self - esteem , and problems with intimacy – regardless of age , income , or culture .
What I am suggesting , then , is that one of the ways in which we deal with the pain of living in a hyper - consuming society , is by focusing in on those more famous than ourselves , whether they be dead or alive .
The implication , however , is that in salivating over celebrity , something is being lost , and something is awry .
James is suggesting that “ affluenza ” and its attendant conditions is actually a mental illness , a darker version of Doris Lessing ’s comment in her 2007 Nobel lecture , when she spoke movingly of a desperately poor woman she had seen in Africa who , despite the misery of circumstance , was reading Anna Karenina .
She asks , rhetorically , “ … do we think we are better than she is – we , stuffed full of food , our cupboards full of clothes , stifling in our superfluities ? ”
The question is , what to do ?
For Lessing , the answer would lie in “ the storyteller , the dream maker , the myth maker , that is our phoenix that represents us at our best , and at our most creative . ”
It is the conviction that great art , great literature , great culture can make us morally better by , as F. R. Leavis wrote , kindling “ our own best self … ” echoing Plato , who said that the muses gave us arts not for “ mindless pleasure ” but “ as an aid to bringing our soul curcuit , when it has got out of tune , into harmony with itself . ”
The English poet , Ted Hughes wrote to one of his students that the “ mentally sick ” could be cured by being “ put in contact with their real nature , ” which for Hughes could be achieved through poetry .
The point is simple : the obsession with celebrity is not some harmless whim , not to be taken seriously , it is window into a poisoned spirit .
Emblematic of this is the sight of a culture which is to an extraordinary extent driven by emotion , not reasoned thought .
The sociologist Jose Ortega Y Gasset wrote , in the early part of the 20th century , that there was “ a democracy of the emotions . ”
If he were writing today he would say that we are a democracy of emotions on steroids , as if Barry Bonds and Barbara Cartland had conjoined and spawned the populace of late modernity .
It is not that emotion per se is not a deeply important part of what it is to be human , it is faux emotion , manipulated emotion , hysterical emotion that swamps reason , buries all thought beneath it like an enormous mudslide devouring a Guatemalan village .
The Great Renunciation
What I would like to argue here is this : what is suggested by the media coverage of the Ramsey story and others like it , this escalating dynamic that we have witnessed in the past two decades or so , is what I am going to call the Great Renunciation .
What is being renounced , as a necessary part of the reorganization of global political economy , are ways of thinking about the purpose of the making of culture , most potently in broadcasting , that are informed by a concept of public interest and public good .
Those ways of thinking are , necessarily if mischievously , presented by the ideologues of the market as remnants from a time before .
Remnants that are deemed to be not just anachronistic , but seen as toxins in a body politic that needs to ‘ modernize , ’ better to confront the challenges of global capital .
It is as if the only way they can validate the present , their present , is to invalidate the past .
It is an ideological tendency brought to the fore by Ronald Reagan ’s first Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission , Mark Fowler , who announced in 1981 that henceforth the public interest would be that in which the public was interested .
Those people around the world and in the United States who argued that there were certain profound values that needed to be protected ( and I include myself in that number , having spent the best part of two decades studying , writing and lecturing about public service broadcasting all over the planet ) were treated as suffering from the affliction of either a rheumy - eyed nostalgia which was no longer relevant or a stubbornness that was , for the financial well - being of the company , dysfunctional .
Either way , they had to go .
I can understand the latter argument better than the former .
If there is an honest claim that what matters is the bottom line and the profit margin , while I may not agree with that at least I know what it means .
The argument that cultural values as traditionally understood are not quite relevant or modern or useful to the society is something that mystifies me .
What exactly is it that is no longer relevant ?
Creativity , diversity , quality , standards , serving a citizenry , balance , intelligence , curiosity , innovation , not pandering to a superficial mass taste , being optimistic that the audience can discover pleasures and understandings that they otherwise might not have known , independence from pressures that dilute and corrupt the process of the creative act , that erode journalistic standards , that diminish insights that the broadcaster can have when allowed to do so ?
Are these not relevant , are these passé , do we no longer need such things , such commitments ?
There is running through the commentaries of the new modernism in cultural production a terrible conceit , an arrogance that avoids , because it has to , what Yeats called the “ ancient questions ’ .
It is for this reason that we must in the first instance fess up to the fact that the world has become , again , not just a dangerous place , but in those realms that strut their economic and populist significance , a vulgar reality .
We need , indeed , to resurrect the very idea of vulgarity , loutishness , moral and intellectual impoverishment , to acknowledge the sourness and bile , resentment and fears of much of contemporary life .
Let ’s be honest , do any of us know very many happy and grounded people ?
I remember only too well when David Mills and I were negotiating , with Channel Four and then ITV , budgets for our documentaries .
The sense one had was that many of the people we were dealing with lived and breathed in terror .
Their faces had the shadow of strain of a man who has just been told that he has cancer .
It is n’t that they were n’t decent people , or that left to themselves their creativity would not pour forth .
It ’s just that they functioned in indecent circumstance .
They were surrounded by circumstances in which to fail was anathema , where to take a risk was to court failure and where , ironically , the forces of competition made failure all that much more likely .
This is not how it should be .
This is not healthy either for the individuals involved or the society they are supposed to serve .
What the ideologues of this new age of consumption have done , and will continue to do with ever greater relish , is to take the stuff of the vulgate and present it as if it were the equivalent of Rilke and Joyce , Greene and Hemingway , Picasso or Dali , the Beatles or Beethoven , Rowling or Tolkien , Hancock or Pynchon , Attenborough or Murrow , Tony Garnett or David Chase , Paddy Chayefsky or Dennis Potter .
Well it is n’t , and the suggestion that it is , mouthed by apparently highly intelligent individuals , is simply stupid , so lacking in substance that there has to be an explanation .
And there is : self - interested cynicism , with an IV drip of greed .
The emerging ‘ culture ’ of television is the twin of that other corporate culture in which preen the exquisite , perfectly formed grotesques of Enron and WorldCom , of Global Crossing and Arthur Andersen , the oil companies and their brethren elsewhere in the world of modern capital ( I do not by the way subscribe to the chic , tad optimistic , notion of “ late - capitalism ” ;
It ’s just beginning .
I ’m with Max Weber : “ Not summer ’s bloom lies ahead of us , but rather a polar night of icy darkness . ”
Weber went mad and looking around one can begin to see why – the madness , as well as the pessimism ) .
Basic Moral Values
I came to know and think about the culture of broadcasting through the writing of a biography of Hugh Greene , Director General of the BBC from 1960 to 1969 .
If there was one bone of contention which Greene gnawed away at it was the question of the relationship between the need for creative freedom and a wider social responsibility .
He explored the theme brilliantly in a speech in Rome in 1965 , in which he spoke of his concern about attempts at censorship of broadcasters
“ which works by causing artists and writers not to take risks , not to undertake those adventures of the spirit which must be at the heart of every truly new creative work … historically , the greatest risks have attached to the maintenance of what is right and honourable and true .
Truth for ever on the scaffold , wrong for ever on the throne … ”
In the same speech , he continues :
“ Relevance is the key – relevance to the audience , and to the tide of opinion in society .
Outrage is wrong .
Shock may be good .
Provocation can be healthy and indeed socially imperative .
These are issues to which the broadcaster must apply his conscience . ”
In the first draft that Charles Curran had prepared for Greene , he had written , “ shock may not be good . ”
Greene literally put a red line though ‘ not . ’
There was no brighter star in Greene ’s firmament than the creative mind , in whatever genre .
And there was no greater responsibility that he possessed than to try and find , nurture and protect that mind .
And for this the need to be “ truly independent ” was crucial because without that one could not be truthful , accurate , impartial , creative , one could not court failure and therefore one could not take risks .
Truth for him – which involved the truth of journalism as well as the truth of art – was like a constantly endangered species that one needed to breed and then protect , all the better to sustain what he called “ basic moral values – truthfulness , justice , freedom , compassion , tolerance . ”
I refer back to Greene for two reasons .
Those values and commitments – which invoke the “ ancient questions ” – remain vitally important to the maintenance of a mature , vital , creative , humane ( the thing that troubles me most about large amounts of culture today is its lack of common humanity ) , democratic society .
The second reason is to point up how such reasoning has all but disappeared from the landscape of public discourse , which is obsessed with the material , the consumed , the pragmatic , “ inward investment , ” as if the making of culture was like asking Toyota to build a car plant in Toledo .
The generation which now rules the roost seems decidedly uncomfortable in using such language – bad career move maybe , bit old fashioned , so yesterday .
At the heart of that debate about culture in general , and broadcasting in particular are two elemental questions : what actually do we mean by standards , “ great ” programs , television as an art form but also infused with other , even larger , social , democratic purposes ; and if we can assume that whatever the definitional problems , we all do recognize that , as John Donne wrote , “ no man can draw a line twixt day and night , tho ’ light and dark are tolerably distinguishable , ” then what exactly were the arrangements – institutional as well as philosophical – in which such moments of excellence happened ?
And can those arrangements live on in a market led world ?
Even as one types that last sentence the silliness of the proposition feels all too clear .
Of course , there will be moments of great television , and even more of great radio , which seems to me to be a potentially more resilient medium partly because in economic terms it is less important than television .
That , however , is not the point , since the real question – given the fact that even deserts have the occasional tree – is what will the overall landscape of television look like : will there be original , edgy long - form documentaries that explore issues of magnitude ? ; will there be dramas that are literate , that challenge and needle and provoke , that linger in the memory because they made you think ? ; will there be news worthy of the democratic project , providing for the political life of the society in ways that serve it well , that feeds the needs of the citizen , that pushes and jostles its way onto the stage of public discourse because to ignore it would be foolish and perverse ? ; will there be children ’s programs that are worthy of the colossal importance of raising our children well , of seeing in them the future , rather than a market to be sold to ? ; will there be comedy that works because of the brilliance of the performer and the fineness of the writing , in no need of a laugh track to simulate humor ? ; will there be the quirkily original , the eccentric , the lateral thinking and creativity that springs , unbeckoned but welcomed and applauded , from the folds of imagination ? ; will there be those moments when we watch not alone , but as part of an integrated culture , drawn together through the mysterious alchemies of communication ? ; will there be refinement , range , diversity , integrity , professionalism , courage , the ability to make mistakes ?
Will we have a culture of which we can be proud , and about which we will feel no shame ?
And can we do this within the same universe of social practice as the market , all the while regulated with the lightness of a snowflake ?
I hope so , and if we can then fears about what is unfolding will have gladly and delightfully proven to be unwarranted .
But then I think of the beast , looming and lurking , threatening , ravenous , uncaring – at least of others – dangerous , America , Britain , the planet as a cultural Jurassic Park , governed by the canny intelligence of velociraptors .
There is , then , only one way to deal with the beast : the whip !
The lash !
Bend It Like Rousseau
I want to suggest , then , that the only meaningful question that one should ask about culture is what are , and what will be , the values that inform its practice .
Indeed , utterly central to this debate is the conviction that at the heart of the very idea of , for example , public broadcasting , there are certain values which should guide the process of program making and the relationship with the audience which are to all intents and purposes abstract , but which are nonetheless important for that : excellence , standards , quality , truth , impartiality , intelligence and so on .
And of course it is obvious , even trite , to observe that these are difficult and abstract and almost beyond language to capture , as if noting that were sufficient grounds for denying their significance .
A metaphor : few people understand the physics of applying a specific kind of pressure to a spherical object which then arcs through the ether , but an awful lot of people nevertheless seem to find a kind of majestic beauty in David Beckham ’s use of his right foot .
Some things , let us be blunt , do not need to be explained , merely recognized and appreciated .
The reason why this question of values is , at least to my way of thinking , absolutely front and center to any debate about culture is that , because of its ubiquity and presumed sense of importance in people ’s lives , any such discussion is actually a discussion of what values should prevail within the larger culture and society .
It is surely vital to understand and accept that the definition of policies and values for the cultural industries is inevitably and necessarily suggestive of a definition of policies and values for the character of a whole society .
They capture the sets of choices and preferences , which color all the imperatives , ambitions and institutions , which constitute , in the most literal sense , a social order .
Two hundred years ago when Poland was going through one of its periods of political reform , the leadership called on Rousseau to advise them .
As to the economic system , he observed :
“ ( The choice ) to be adopted by Poland depends on the purposes she has in view in reforming her constitution .
If your only wish is to become noisy , brilliant and fearsome , and to influence the other peoples of Europe , their example lies before you ; devote yourselves to following it . . .
Try to make money very necessary , in order to keep the people in a condition of great dependence ; and with that end in view , encourage national luxury , and the luxury of spirit which is inseparable from it .
In this way , you will create a scheming , ardent , avid , ambitious , servile and knavish people , like all the rest ; one goes to the two extremes of opulence and misery , or license and slavery , with nothing in between .
I know that men can only be made to act in terms of their own interests ; but pecuniary interest is the worst , the basest and most corrupting of all , and even , as I confidently repeat and shall always maintain , the least and weakest in the eyes of those who really know the human heart .
In all hearts there is naturally a reserve of grand passions , when greed for gold alone remains , it is because all the rest , which should have been stimulated and developed , have been enervated and stifled . ”
There is another , guiding assumption behind the argument I am trying to make here .
It is that the most profound values and conceptual commitments that constitute humanity at its best – might I suggest life and liberty , justice and truth , rights both civil and human , democracy , love – by definition have no materiality .
There may be material expressions or metaphors – the scales of justice , the voting booth , the statute book , the kiss – but these are only , can only be , the necessary tangibility which allows us to realize , use , benefit from the language of our human imagination .
So language is crucial – and I know that is stating the obvious – to our very ability to realize that which the mind has wrought .
It is then a reasonable argument to suggest that insofar as language born from the reflective mind and the play of informed , mature imagination is diminished , then so are those values and philosophical commitments .
And there lies my essential concern with how this , and other cultures , are evolving and will continue to evolve : symbolically and concretely .
It is a situation which suggests that in pursuing the necessary materiality of the market , where the only value is commodity value , we are inevitably marginalizing the mysterious possibilities of the mind and the heart that have formed the essential elements of that long march of the species to establish a civilized and caring world guided by a potent and powerful moral imagination , and a commitment to values that are none the less vital because they are non-material .
In fact , some of the most powerful visions of the purpose of , for example , broadcasting emerged within unusual and trying circumstances .
Consider , for instance , the cultural histories of the occupations of Germany and Japan in the late 1940s and the formulation of Allied policy for broadcasting in the rebuilding of those societies .
There one can see powerful testament to the idea of broadcasting as primarily a social rather than an economic process , as something with moral , cultural , intellectual and creative purpose and not just as a source of mild comment and moderate pleasure .
The Charters of NHK in Japan and the ARD in Germany , dictated to a great extent by foreign military governments in Japan and Germany , were replete with the public service ideal .
If broadcasting was to comment , it should do so with a flourish .
If it was to amuse , it should do so with élan .
If it was to educate , it should do so with real professionalism .
It was simply understood by the American and Allied leadership that the life of the mind of a society was far too precious and important to be left to the vagaries of a commercial system .
It could be argued that such policies were creatures of the moment , as massive destruction demanded enormous reconstruction , of which communications would inevitably be part .
But what was required was the restoration not just of highways , buildings , plants , but also of the shattered imaginative lives of whole populations .
The architects of postwar Germany and Japan sensed correctly that healthy , diverse cultural institutions were a prerequisite to a functioning liberal democracy .
Broadcasting was thus to be used as a key part of the cultural and social regeneration of those societies .
In that lies the real clue to the nature and purpose of great public broadcasting : that it makes best sense when it represents a national and moral optimism within a society , when it suggests – through the diversity and quality of its programs – that we can be better than we are : better served , better amused , better informed , and , thus , better citizens .
Next : Public Service
INDEX
The Good , the Bad and the Ugly 10/24/2008
Gisele Bundchen is ready to become a mommy - Anything Hollywood
Posh and Beck are HOT - Celeb Warship
Suri Cruise gets a new do - Celebitchy
Is Halle Berry going to go under the knife ?
- Celebrity Dirty Laundry
Beyonce has an alter ego - call her Sasha Fierce - Daily Stab
Macaulay Culkin heads to prime time TV - Dirty Dirt Dirt
Jada Pinkett Smith gives mothering advice - Gabby Babble
Will Ferrell back on Saturday Night Live ( video ) - Geno's World
Jaime King 's stalker is a little too close for comfort - HollyWire
Victoria Beckham has long hair in India Vogue - Hollywood Backwash
Heather Mills is spending her money as fast as she can - Hot Momma Gossip
Selma Blair 's not so pretty tummy moment caught on film - HQ Celebrity
Usher is not living with his babies mama Tameka Foster - Pop on the Pop
William Shatner is angry with George Takei over wedding invitation - Stupid Celebrities
Paris Hilton looks like a blow - up doll - The Blemish
An Arizona Judge has approved requests to allow the examination of the software in a new generation of machines that examine blood alcohol levels of motorists .
Pima County Superior Court Judge Deborah Bernini ordered CMI , the manufacturer , to hand over the source code of the Intoxilyzer 8000 to representatives of defence lawyers in a joint lawsuit involving 20 drink drive suspects .
Lawyers for the group argue that access to the software behind the device is necessary in order to establish whether breath tests made using the devices are reliable or not .
Only some police forces in the state use breath tests while others use blood tests .
Attorneys for the defendants successfully argued that suspects have the right to cross-examine their accusers , in this case electronic devices .
CMI maintains that its source code is a trade secret .
Meanwhile prosecutors in the Arizona drink driving cases reckon that there are other ways to determine if the device is reliable , arguing the request is a defence ploy designed to get their clients off the hook .
Judge Bernini rejected these arguments and ordered CMI to hand over its secret source code to James Nesci , the lead lawyer for the defendants .
The Arizona ruling increases pressure on CMI but it's by no means sure that the firm will comply .
Rejection of the request would place defence lawyers in a strong position to get breath - test results against 170 defendants , both in the cases under consideration by Judge Bernini and other cases going through the system , thrown out of court .
The Intoxilyzer 8000 entered service last year and is well liked by squad car cops because of its light weight and general convenience .
The kit can be powered from a car 's cigarette lighter output .
The previous generation of devices - the Intoxilyzer 5000 - was far bulkier , taking up half the back seat and needing a separate energy supply .
Allegedly inconsistent , odd or inexplicable results involving the Intoxilyzer 8000 have led to legal action in six states ( Florida , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Tennessee and New Jersey as well as Arizona ) .
A Florida judge also ordered CMI to hand over the source code running the controversial devices but the firm has refused to comply , earning it $ 1.2 m in fines as a result . ®
Windows 10 was available to download free of charge until the 29th of July , 2016 .
Most pay the 119,99 price tag for the retail version every since , but some believe it is actually possible to still download Windows 10 for free .
How can you get your hands on a free Windows 10 ?
Those who have discovered the option are giving us some instructions to follow for a legal and free download of Windows 10 .
The first step for the user is to verify if he / she owns a valid Windows 7 or Windows 8.1 license .
If so , then there are changes to download legally Windows 10 for free .
The second step is to go to the Window 10 download page : microsoft.com/en-au/software-download/windows10 .
Then , click on the Download tool now .
After the download is finished , it is necessary to run the Media Tool Creation and select Upgrade this PC now .
Onscreen users will receive instructions and they will need to follow them .
A license key will be given and users need to write it down .
To activate this license key a simple process needs to be followed .
Users need to go to Settings and chose the Update& Security option and activate it .
Tech experts believe this is not so surprising
Even if most of us believe it is weird to be allowed to download Windows 10 free of charge and legally , tech experts believe that it is possible due to the fact that the deadline was just announced to make people hurry up and install the new Windows version .
By bringing a sense of urgency into the users , Microsoft managed to reach their goal of having one billion user of Window 10 in just one year since the release of the new version .
Now , all that we need to do is to follow the steps and benefit from our free of charge version .
There are frequent clashes with between troops and rebels
Kurdish rebels have killed 15 Turkish soldiers near Semdinli in the country 's south - east , the military says .
The soldiers died during an attack by fighters said to be from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) , based over the border in northern Iraq .
Generals said troops fought back , killing 23 rebels , but that two soldiers were missing after the attack .
Turkey blames the PKK for a series of bomb attacks on its cities , and often targets rebels with air strikes .
More than 40,000 people are thought to have been killed since 1984 , when the PKK launched its campaign for a Kurdish homeland in south - eastern Turkey .
The latest attack was a surprise strike on a military outpost by guerrillas using heavy weapons .
The ambush prompted the most intense fighting and led to the highest number of casualties in a year , says the BBC's Turkey correspondent Sarah Rainsford .
Ongoing fight
Turkey has launched a number of military incursions across the border into northern Iraq since the start of 2008 .
Generals accuse the PKK of using the region as a sanctuary from where to plan and carry out deadly attacks against Turkish troops in the south and eastern regions of Turkey .
Troops and rebels have regularly exchanged fire in the border regions in recent months .
In May , the military said a week of air strikes had killed 150 PKK guerrillas .
In the fiercest fighting , thousands of Turkish troops swept across the border into Iraq in February , before pulling out amid international pressure .
The government , led by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , is currently asking parliament to extend the military 's mandate to carry out cross - border operations , something that is now highly likely to be approved , our correspondent says .
Ankara has linked the PKK to a series of high - profile attacks on Turkish targets , notably a series of blasts in Istanbul in July .
Seventeen people died and some 150 others were injured when two bombs exploded in a residential area of the country 's largest city .
Also in July three German climbers were taken hostage by the PKK in eastern Turkey .
They were later freed unharmed .
The boy 's name Hussein \hu(s ) - sein\ is pronounced hoo -SAYN .
It is of Arabic origin , and its meaning is " good ; small handsome one " .
The name of a prominent person in Shiite Islam and a royal name in Jordan .
American President Barack Hussein Obama .
Hussein has 4 variant forms : Husain , Husayn , Husein and Hussain .
Baby names that sound like Hussein are Hassain and Hassan .
Hussein is a very rare male first name and a popular surname ( source : 1990 U.S. Census ) .
Displayed below is the baby name popularity trend for the boy 's name Hussein .
Compare Hussein with related baby names .
( According to http://www.thinkbabynames.com/)
Despite screenshots proving stronger language was memory - holed , Obama supporters dismiss story as hoax
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , November 10 , 2008
Following a controversy over language that appeared on Barack Obama ’s official website suggesting that Americans would be mandated to complete up to 100 hours of community service as part of a national service program , the original text has been memory - holed and replaced with a more sanitized version .
Despite numerous bloggers picking up on the switch , along with screenshots from before and after proving the language was changed , mesmerized Obama supporters are still claiming that that detractors had invented the language and that the website had not been altered .
The text from Obama ’s change.gov website , which went online shortly after the election result , originally appeared as follows ( emphasis mine ) .
Obama will call on citizens of all ages to serve America , by developing a plan to require 50 hours of community service in middle school and high school and 100 hours of community service in college every year .
The text was changed at some point on Friday afternoon / evening to the following ( emphasis mine ) .
Obama will call on citizens of all ages to serve America , by setting a goal that all middle school and high school students do 50 hours of community service a year and by developing a plan so that all college students who conduct 100 hours of community service receive a universal and fully refundable tax credit ensuring that the first $ 4,000 of their college education is completely free .
See the two different versions in the following screenshots ( click for enlargements ) .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
On a separate area of the website , the program was also described under the heading “ Require 100 hours of service in college , ” but this has also since disappeared .
Clearly , the use of the word “ require ” suggested that the program would be mandatory , stoking fears that such community service programs would be one aspect of Obama ’s promised “ civilian national security force ” that is “ just as powerful , just as strong , just as well - funded ” as the U.S. military .
“ The language of requiring students to serve and the creation of a “ Classroom Corps ” sparked a surge of criticism from bloggers for bringing back memories of the much - publicized video of marching Obama youth and Obama ’s “ civilian national security force , ” which the candidate said in July would be just as powerful and well - funded as the U.S. military , ” reports World Net Daily .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ Gateway Pundit called Obama ’s plan the “ creation of his Marxist youth corps , ” and DBKP commented , “ ‘ Choosing ’ to serve should be approved by parents – not required by the government .
No amount of good intentions can sugar - coat words like ‘ mandatory , ’ ‘ compulsory ’ or ‘ required . ' ”
The fact that the language has been sanitized suggests the people behind Obama ’s transition to power were worried about elevating the controversy surrounding Obama ’s “ national civilian security force , ” a wildly popular story on the Internet and blogs , but one that has received scant attention from the mainstream media .
Despite the documented fact that the text was altered on Friday , Obama kool - aid drinkers refuse to acknowledge it , claiming that bloggers simply made up the story and that the website was never changed .
“ They are calling me — and all of you who have written about this so far — liars .
Despite the facts of the screenshots .
This is how far they are prepared to go , ” writes one blogger , adding , “ The highlighted text that was the subject of our previous article is just gone .
Gone .
Gone without explanation or acknowledgement .
Furthermore one of their minions writes in a comment telling us that it was never there in the first place , that I misquoted it .
Is it really going to be this easy to manipulate the truth , to manipulate us ?
Evidently they think so . ”
A Newsvine blogger also described the efforts of Obama supporters to dismiss the story as a concocted hoax .
Fears of “ youth brigades ” or civilian stasi units increased following Obama ’s appointment of Rahm Emanuel to chief - of staff .
In his book , “ The Plan : Big Ideas for America , ” Emanuel writes : “ It ’s time for a real Patriot Act that brings out the patriot in all of us .
We propose universal civilian service for every young American .
Under this plan , all Americans between the ages of 18 and 25 will be asked to serve their country by going through three months of basic training , civil defense preparation and community service . ”
The book also notes , “ Some Republicans will squeal about individual freedom , ruling out any likelihood that they would let people opt out of universal citizen service . ”
Emanuel is also an enthusiastic supporter of the United States Public Service Academy Act , a lobbying group founded in 2006 in order to promote the foundation of an American public service academy modeled on the military academies – a youth corps whose students would be trained in “ civilian internship in the armed forces ” .
This article was posted : Monday , November 10 , 2008 at 5:15 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
To say that Andrew Lahde " hates " the hedge fund business would be an understatement .
He ’s shutting down his small California hedge fund , Lahde Capital , and vows never to manage money for other people again .
The fund is notable for having returned 866 percent betting against the subprime collapse .
See full story .
Weekend Investor :
You can buy into this bear market if you know the traps
You survived the stock - market crash of 2008 .
Congratulations .
Now comes the hard part : Buying stocks and mutual funds that can survive -- and even thrive -- in the bear market .
See full story .
John Rich is a Brawler on a Lucky Streak
Sounds like lead singerfrom the group Big & Rich had himself a real good time within the last few days .
Evidence shows that Rich has had issues with his temper in the past and it looks like it has flared up once again .
The star got into a fight on Wednesday and Thursday - the man 's been busy .
The first altercation came on Wednesday night when John was partying at Saddle Ranch on Sunset Strip , directly across from his hotel Mondrian .
Rich was talking to a young lady and when she went to the restroom a guy named Chris Poggi came up and after sharing some trash talk , punched the singer in the ear .
Poggi , apparently the jealous type , ended up in the slammer .
So you would think Rich would get a little sleep and start a new day without violence but nope - - did n't happen .
At the Rainbow room on Thursday evening , John hooked up with a willing and available drinking buddy , Jerry Montano , who was reportedly " stinking drunk " .
Rich did n't like his surroundings and became belligerent about L.A. and the people who live there .
John blew that pop stand and invited a group back to his hotel room to continue the party .
He became increasingly angrier as time went on and ended up hitting Montano up side the head with a beer bottle .
The police and an ambulance were called to the scene and when it came time to press charges , Montano declined .
He told the cops that they were both overserved and that he is still a fan of John Rich .
Rich got a get out of jail free card this time around .
Hopefully he will tame it down a bit because it's a sure bet that not all fans are willing to take a bottle to the head .
Photos : WENN
Cuba currently produces 60,000 barrels of oil a day
The state - owned Cuban oil company says the country may have more than 20bn barrels of oil in its offshore fields - more than double the previous estimate .
Cubapetroleo's exploration manager said drilling in the offshore wells would begin as early as the middle of 2009 .
Such reserves would place Cuba among the top 20 oil producing nations .
Cubapetroleo's estimates are based on comparisons to known oil reserves found within similar geological structures off the coasts of the US and Mexico .
The company said Cuba had undersea geology " very similar " to that surrounding Mexico 's giant Cantarell and Poza Rica oil fields in the Bay of Campeche .
' More data ' Cuba 's share of the Gulf of Mexico was established in 1977 , when it signed treaties with the US and Mexico .
The US Geological Survey ( USGS ) recently estimated that as much as 9bn barrels of oil and 21 trillion cubic feet of natural gas could lie within that zone , in the North Cuba Basin .
However , Cubapetroleo exploration manager Rafael Tenreyro Perez said his company 's estimate was higher because it had better information about Cuba 's offshore geology .
" I 'm almost certain that if [ USGS officials ] ask for all the data we have , their estimate is going to grow considerably , " he told a news conference in the capital , Havana .
If correct , Cuba 's oil reserves would be almost the same as those of the US - 21bn barrels , according to the Oil & Gas Journal - and nearly twice the size of Mexico's - 11.7bn barrels .
It could generate unprecedented wealth for the Communist - run state .
But it would be difficult and expensive to extract the oil which is deep under the ocean floor .
Mr Tenreyro said he expected the first production well to be drilled before the middle of next year by a consortium led by the Spanish oil company , Repsol , and that more wells could be started before 2010 .
Cuba currently produces 60,000 barrels of oil a day .
It depends on Venezuela for an additional 93,000 barrels a day , which it receives at preferential rates in exchange for the services of thousands of Cuban doctors working in Venezuela .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
EXCLUSIVE :
Defense contractors who received millions of dollars in government earmarks arranged by Rep. Duncan Hunter are now helping to fill the campaign coffers of his son , who is seeking the San Diego - area congressional seat being vacated by his father after 28 years , records show .
Officials at several companies that benefited from the pet project spending requests that the veteran Republican lawmaker inserted into often - unrelated legislation have contributed more than $ 30,000 to the front - running campaign of his son , Duncan D. Hunter , according to Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) records .
As chairman of the Armed Services Committee until Democrats took control of the House in 2006 , Mr. Hunter - who announced his retirement in May - has unabashedly attached earmarks to spending bills during his 14 terms in Congress .
He listed the earmarks on his House Web page as “ funding initiatives . ”
In contrast to promises by Republican presidential candidate Sen . John McCain of Arizona to hold members of Congress accountable for earmarks and to “ veto every pork - barrel earmark spending bill that comes across my desk , ” Mr. Hunter and his son embrace the practice - particularly for making military budgets .
The Hunters argue that the Constitution gives Congress the responsibility to “ raise and support armies ” and , as a result , members of the House and Senate are not bound solely by requests of the president or the Pentagon .
The younger Mr. Hunter , 31 , a Marine Corps Reserve captain with two tours of duty in Iraq , said he does not think Mr. McCain , if elected , would veto a bill because it provided additional support for the military .
He also noted that the donations he received from defense contractors represented only a small part of his $ 841,000 campaign war chest .
“ We ’ve had over 4,000 contributors , ” he said .
“ We get money from all over , mostly from individuals throughout the country who believe in what I stand for . ”
His Democratic challenger , Mike Lumpkin , a retired Navy SEAL commander who also served in Iraq and Afghanistan , said the earmarking process has been institutionalized .
Although earmarking is needed in some cases , he said , it should be the “ exception , not the rule . ”
Mr. Lumpkin acknowledged that the amount of money that Mr. Hunter ’s campaign collected from defense contractors with earmarks was small , but he criticized Mr. Hunter for accepting the contributions .
“ Is it illegal ?
That ’s beyond my area of expertise , ” he said .
“ But does it smell ?
Absolutely .
Does it matter what percentage , or is it the principle ?
We should have legislators who are above reproach in their actions . ”
Through June , Mr. Lumpkin raised $ 291,658 in a district where registered Republicans outnumber registered Democrats 44 percent to 31 percent , according to a report released last month by California ’s secretary of state office .
He received one $ 500 donation from a person identifying himself as an employee with one of the companies for whom the elder Mr. Hunter secured an earmark .
Through June , the records show , Mr. Hunter received $ 17,750 from people identifying themselves as employees or executives of defense contractors who were beneficiaries of earmarks over the past two years .
Among them :
c A $ 19 million award to L - 3 Communications Corp. in San Diego , a major supplier of homeland defense products and services .
The earmarked money was for the development and testing of a missile system .
L - 3 Communications is the sixth - largest defense company in the United States .
c A $ 1.5 million award to San Diego - based Trex Enterprises Corp. , a high - tech defense contractor specializing in microwave sensing , high - resolution imaging , digital signal processing , applied optics and materials .
The earmarked money was to develop a device to help helicopter pilots navigate with limited visibility .
c Millions of dollars in earmarks for Dupont Aerospace in the San Diego area for the development of the DP - 2 vertical takeoff and landing aircraft to transport special operations forces .
More than $ 60 million has been appropriated for the aircraft , which has been rejected by the Navy , Army and Air Force .
FEC records show that executives at L - 3 Communications contributed $ 2,750 to the younger Mr. Hunter ’s campaign , while corporate officials at Trex Enterprises donated $ 7,100 .
Officials at Dupont Aerospace contributed $ 5,100 to the Hunter campaign , according to the records .
Mr. Hunter ’s campaign also received $ 5,000 from political action committees controlled by executives of companies that benefited from the earmarks that his father secured and more than $ 9,500 from lobbying firms that represented contractors given earmarks , according to FEC records .
Among them , lobbyists for L - 3 Communications and Trex Enterprises , identified as Northpoint Strategies and American Defense International , contributed $ 3,500 to the Republican candidate , the records show .
Other contributions from employees or executives of defense contractors benefiting from the Hunter earmarks include $ 350 from an official at Information Systems Laboratories , which received a $ 500,000 earmark ; $ 250 from an official at defense and space technology consortium Defcomm , which received $ 8 million in earmarks ; $ 500 from an official at NovaSol , which received a $ 1 million earmark ; and $ 1,700 from officials at BAE Systems , which partially owns missile manufacturer MBDA that was among several companies that shared a $ 15 million earmark .
The elder Mr. Hunter said each of the earmarked projects stands up to scrutiny and rejected the notion that accepting campaign funds from defense contractors made him beholden to them .
“ If you look at the actions I ’ve taken , I basically try to do what ’s right for the country and let the chips fall where they may , ” he said , citing examples he said were unpopular with defense contractors - including a 1997 decision to cut the Navy ’s $ 2.2 billion request for 20 F / A - 18E / F
Super Hornets to four aircraft and , instead , buy 20 earlier - model F / A - 18C/ D aircraft for about $ 1.5 billion .
The younger Mr. Hunter said that lawmakers ’ practice of inserting earmarks into funding bills may need to be re-examined but that military applications can benefit .
He said “ transparency ” and “ accountability ” are necessary but that Congress is “ responsible for appropriating money to the military . ”
“ I think we ’ve proven we ’re above reproach on this stuff , ” he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
What makes Kant ’s short essay remarkable is the light it sheds on Rousseau ’s “ general will . ”
For Kant , reason is the general will – hence , Rousseau ’s talk of a legislator begins to make more sense .
There can be one person who understands what is best for the many ; the trick is to bring the many to that state of Enlightenment , where they can be truly free , and avoid demagoguery .
To this end , classical and Machiavellian notions of how statecraft should proceed are rejected .
The classical is rejected as it does not sufficiently take in to account how self - centered man is , and posits happiness as something to do with contemplation of ends .
The problem with having “ ends ” in this life , for Kant , is that such sorts of goals must of necessity be material .
Freedom lies in the purely formal principle , which is not unlike the categorical – you want to act in such a way that one ’s action can be reproduced publicly .
The Machiavellian notions are rejected based on an appeal to “ publicity ” ( nations should have open - ended dealings and declarations of policy so that the world , the cosmopolis , can judge ) , and an appeal to “ trade ” as something that can soften the harsher in man .
The criticism I placed against Kantian thought in the last post is that it does not take politics seriously – for Kant , politics is about persuasion , which I agree with , but a persuasion that is so complete it can only happen on a personal level .
He wants sentiments to change , and when he talks about incentives and how they will affect a people ’s reasoning , I wonder if he realizes that sentiments are harder to change than reasons .
Where “ reason ” as the general will gets a peculiar strength is in its treatment of Revelation .
A footnote in the appendices implies that if one believes in a particular religion , one really believes in a universal religion .
Your God , after all , has to be able to account for all the false gods around ; they must have been part of His providential plan .
Reason as the general will can actually , then , gain strength via belief .
Kant uses the issue of Providence very skillfully – he does not argue for progress as much as use progress as a lead - in to what is objective .
What is objective is not love or virtue , but literal respect for another ’s right .
That respect for right , when fully realized , unites the Kantian concept of politics with morality completely .
And if you buy into this stuff , I think what you can see is Kant saying to me that I ’m a pessimist , and that I discount the possibility of a truly moral politics for no “ reason , ” and thus discount the possibility of a truly workable democracy .
Via the comments , this gem from the Powerline on 8 August 2005 :
It must be depressing to be Paul Krugman .
No matter how well the economy performs , Krugman ’s bitter vendetta against the Bush administration requires him to hunt for the black lining in a sky full of silvery clouds .
With the economy now booming , what can Krugman possibly have to complain about ?
In today ’s column , titled That Hissing Sound , Krugman says there is a housing bubble , and it ’s about to burst …
There are , of course , obvious differences between houses and stocks .
Most people own only one house at a time , and transaction costs make it impractical to buy and sell houses the way you buy and sell stocks .
Krugman thinks the fact that James Glassman does n’t buy the bubble theory is evidence in its favor , but if you read Glassman ’s article on the subject , you ’ll see that he actually makes some of the same points that Krugman does .
But he argues , persuasively in my view , that there is little reason to fear a catastrophic collapse in home prices .
Krugman will have to come up with something much better , I think , to cause many others to share his pessimism .
John Hinderaker , in peak form .
Considering my recent past ( at least up until mid 2005 ) , I am not really in a position to get all high and mighty , but after being staggeringly wrong on so many issues across such a wide spectrum , you would think the PowerLine folks would take just a moment for self - reflection .
That would be only human .
Instead , they plunge ever forward , pig - ignorant and carefree , completely sure of themselves ( which explains why they love Palin so much , who embodies the same qualities ) .
And , just for some fun , compare the opening sentence in the above quote about Krugman to the quote that earned Hinderake the first ever Golden Wingnut award :
It must be very strange to be President Bush .
A man of extraordinary vision and brilliance approaching to genius , he ca n’t get anyone to notice .
He is like a great painter or musician who is ahead of his time , and who unveils one masterpiece after another to a reception that , when not bored , is hostile
Up is down , down is up .
Bush , who has been wrong about everything , is celebrated .
Krugman , on the other hand , with his record of accuracy , is a villain and a dullard , consumed by pessimism .
As Sen. Barack Obama 's historic presidential campaign nears its end , Chicago 's South Side turns up the volume in an attempt to send their adopted son to the White House .
• The £ 50bn bail - out is equivalent to £ 2,000 for every taxpayer in the UK • Shares in most banks fell again today with the FTSE 100 down 7.5 %
The government has confirmed that it will spend £ 50bn to part - nationalise Britain 's biggest banks , in a dramatic attempt to stop the country 's financial system melting down .
Today 's momentous decision to pump £ 50bn of taxpayers ' money into the troubled banking sector came after government ministers and bank officials thrashed out the details of the plan into the early hours of the morning .
The £ 50bn bail - out is equivalent to £ 2,000 for every taxpayer in the UK , and analysts warned today that the public will " foot the bill " for the plan .
The government is also now offering to lend £ 200bn to the sector - much bigger than previously thought - as short - term loans in an attempt to thaw the frozen interbank lending markets , plus a further £ 250 bn to guarantee bank debts .
Eight banks and building societies will take part in the scheme - Abbey , Barclays , HBOS , HSBC , Lloyds TSB , Nationwide Building Society , Royal Bank of Scotland and Standard Chartered .
Shares in most banks fell again today , with only HBOS rising , as the FTSE 100 plunged by almost 350 points , or 7.5 % , to 4259 .
Asian markets have already toppled overnight , with Japan 's Nikkei dropping by 9 % .
Alistair Darling , who held emergency talks with Bank of England governor Mervyn King at Downing Street yesterday , hinted that interest rates may be cut on Thursday .
While insisting that the Bank was indepedent of government , Darling said : " The Bank 's remit , set up by parliament , is to target inflation but also to support the government 's wider objectives of economic stability .
They have an adequate remit , wider than many people think . "
Gordon Brown told a press conference at 9 am today that injecting £ 50bn to recapitalise the banking sector is a " bold and far - reaching solution " to the crisis .
" This is not a time for conventional thinking or outdated dogma but for fresh and innovative intervention that gets to the heart of the problem .
" These decisions on stability and restructuring are the necessary building blocks to allow banks to return to their basic function of providing cash and investment for families and businesses , " Brown said .
Jeremy Batstone - Carr , analyst at Charles Stanley , said that " ultimately government borrowing will increase and ultimately we the taxpayer will foot the bill , " said
Batstone - Carr also suggested that £ 50 bn may not be enough to rescue the banking system .
Shares in HBOS rose 23 % this morning , but Barclays fell 18 % and RBS - which is rumoured to be changing its chief executive and chairman - fell by 10 % .
An end to fat - cat pay ?
The complex scheme announced this morning suggests that the government has insisted on a crackdown on the pay packages of top banking executives in return for rescuing them .
" In reaching agreement on capital investment the Government will need to take into account dividend policies and executive compensation practices and will require a full commitment to support lending to small businesses and home buyers , " said the Treasury .
Darling said today that the plan will " unbung " the banking sector .
" It is a process that inevitably will take time .
It is not an instant change but it is a restructuring , it is stabilising the system , and that is very important , " the chancellor said .
Asked why the government had not come up with the package earlier , he said that the discussion had been going on for several weeks and had been very complex .
He said he was " rather irritated by the speculation started on Sunday , " adding : " I wanted to announce it when the time was right , when we had got everything sorted out , we had a scheme that worked and the big banks were signed up to it . "
" And we actually finished these discussions only a few hours ago . "
Liquidity injection
The government will use £ 50 bn to buy preference shares in the banks , which take precedence over ordinary shares during a liquidation , but do not give the holders any voting rights .
The £ 200bn of lending announced today comes through the Special Liquidity Scheme , which allows banks to get short - term funding from the Bank of England by swapping long - term bonds for short - term UK Treasury Bills .
Seperately , the government will provide guarantees to the banking system of up to £ 250 bn to encourage banks to lend to each other and end the paralysis in the interbank lending markets .
The Treasury stressed though that it will charge normal commercial fees for these guarantees .
The plan comes after a succession of tumultuous days on the stockmarket .
Yesterday Royal Bank of Scotland shares slumped by 39 % and HBOS lost 40 % .
It was reported this morning that RBS 's chief executive Sir Fred Goodwin and chairman Sir Tom McKillop are stepping down .
Darling said it was " absolutely not " true that Goodwin and McKillop were losing their jobs as part of a deal with the government .
RBS and Barclays are thought to need £ 15 bn each in fresh capital , with Lloyds TSB requiring £ 12bn - assuming its takeover of HBOS goes through .
On NPR this morning :
NPR : Given what you ’ve said Senator , is there an occasion where you could imagine turning to Governor Palin for advice in a foreign policy crisis .
MCCAIN : I ’ve turned to her advice many times in the past , I ca n’t imagine turning to Senator Obama or Senator Biden cuz they ’ve been wrong , they were wrong about Iraq , wrong about Russia …
NPR : But would you turn to Governor Palin ?
MCCAIN : I certainly would n’t turn to them , and I ’ve already turned to Governor Palin particularly on energy issues and I ’ve appreciated her background and knowledge on that and many other issues .
NPR : Does her energy qualification extend to the international energy market ?
MCCAIN : Of course .
Of course .
That ’s what it ’s all about .
It extends to a broad variety of issues from her worldview to threats that we face , to radical Islamic extremism , to specific areas of the world .
I ’m very proud of her , and proud of the knowledge and background that she has .
Home >
News >
Local >
Mass .
Deal OK'd in Milton Academy sex case Charges to be dismissed if teens meet conditions QUINCY -- Five former Milton Academy students charged with statutory rape must undergo counseling , complete 100 hours of community service , and serve at least two years of probation for their alleged roles in an oral sex session with a 15 - year - old sophomore girl in a boys ' locker room at the prestigious academy .
Quincy District Court Judge Mark S. Coven approved a deal yesterday allowing 18 - year - old Pasko Skarica , 17 - year - old Alex Casiano , and 17 - year - old Jay Driscoll to delay trial on the rape charges until May 2007 , at which time the charges will be dismissed and their records cleared if they do n't get into any more trouble .
The teenagers pleaded not guilty , but agreed to serve pretrial probation .
Two 16 - year - old boys charged as juveniles secured the same deal in a separate closed court session , but the probation will last until their 18th birthdays , according to Milton Academy officials .
The parents of the 15 - year - old girl sat quietly , almost without expression , in the front row of the courtroom as Skarica , Casiano , and Driscoll read letters of apology they had written , also part of the agreement .
'' Not a day has passed since the incident that I do n't wish I had shown more respect for you , myself , and everyone involved , " said Driscoll , head bowed as he read .
'' I understand that by taking part I put myself in a very dangerous situation with consequences none of us had dreamed of . "
Skarica spoke next .
'' Every day I am sorry , so sorry , for what happened , " he said .
'' And every day I think of how hurt you must be and how upset your family must be .
More than anything in the world I wish that I could turn back the clock .
. . .
All I can do at this point is truly and sincerely apologize for my actions and wish you happiness . "
The resolution of the cases was a relief to officials at the academy , which has been under intense scrutiny since it expelled the boys in February and notified police that three oral - sex sessions had occurred on campus .
A school investigation concluded that two of the varsity ice hockey players charged and a 15 - year - old boy received oral sex from the girl in a dorm room on Jan. 22 and in the boys ' locker room Jan. 23 .
Charges were brought in only the third incident , on Jan. 24 , when the two hockey players , joined by three teammates , allegedly requested and received oral sex from the girl in the locker room between dining and study halls .
'' This situation has been difficult and painful , " said a statement issued by Robin Robertson , head of school .
'' We at Milton Academy are relieved that all parties have achieved a resolution . "
But the 15 - year - old girl 's uncle , who is also a lawyer , said in court that the family was n't happy with the deal .
Speaking on behalf of the family , he told the judge he believed the state was '' trivializing the seriousness " of the incidents and called for fuller apologies that include a ' ' clear statement of wrongdoing . "
Before approving the pretrial probation order , Coven ordered the boys to apologize again , and each stepped forward , turned to face the girl 's family , and said , '' I apologize . "
The girl , who is back attending classes at Milton Academy , did not attend the court proceedings .
Her parents left the courthouse without comment .
It is Globe policy not to identify victims of alleged sexual abuse without their consent or minors charged as juveniles .
Alan M. Dershowitz , a Harvard law professor and criminal defense lawyer whose daughter attends Milton Academy , said in a telephone interview yesterday that the pretrial probation agreements were the best the boys could have hoped for under the circumstances , but he criticized the state for prosecuting the charges .
'' This represents the most senseless use of prosecutorial discretion I 've seen in a long time , " Dershowitz said .
Under state law , the girl also could have been charged with statutory rape for performing oral sex on the 15 - year - old boy , said Dershowitz .
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to have sex with anyone under 16 , but state law lets prosecutors decide whether to press charges .
'' The idea that these youngsters should be branded rapists and the girl should be labeled a victim is preposterous , " he said .
Norfolk District Attorney William R. Keating , whose office prosecuted the cases and agreed to yesterday 's deal , lashed out at Dershowitz for commenting on a case in which he had not seen the evidence .
'' That is a lack of professionalism , " he said .
While he would not elaborate on the evidence , Keating said there was ''a reason to move forward in prosecution . "
'' The victim in this instance wanted responsibility addressed , and the victim is satisfied in that regard , " he said .
Dershowitz called yesterday for a complete overhaul of rape laws in Massachusetts , including lowering the age of consent '' considerably " and adding conditions that would prevent charges in cases in which those involved are close in age .
In about half the states , prosecutors can bring criminal cases only when a defendant is several years older than the victim .
'' Massachusetts is known throughout the country as having some of the worst rape laws , " he said .
'' The laws of statutory rape are so twisted and convoluted and completely fail to reflect the reality of adolescent sexuality . "
The highly publicized Milton case has sparked a debate over teenage sexuality , including teenagers ' attitudes about oral sex and the role of popular culture in those attitudes .
Donovan Slack can be reached at dslack@globe.com .
© Copyright 2007 Globe Newspaper Company .
Advertisement SEARCH THE ARCHIVES All Globe stories since 2003 are now FREE More search options Advertisement
Ars Technica has a fantastic article on a recent study that found that numerical specifications in adverts have a huge effect on our choices , even when they ’re meaningless .
The numbers can be ratings , technical details , supposed representations of quality – it does n’t seem to matter .
In general , bigger is better and the study found that we tend to be swayed by the numbers even when it directly contradicts our experience .
The first test involved megapixels .
The authors took a single image , and used Photoshop to create a sharper version , and one with more vivid colors ; they told the students that the two versions came from different cameras .
When told nothing about the cameras , about 25 percent of the students chose the one that had made the sharper image .
But providing a specification reversed that .
When told that the other model captured more pixels using a figure based on the diagonal of the sensor , more than half now picked it .
When it comes to specs , bigger is better , too , even if the underlying property is the same .
Given the value in terms of the total number of pixels captured , the preference for the supposedly high - resolution camera shot up to 75 percent .
The researchers thought this might be a problem with the fact that not everyone is technically minded , so they tried various other experiments with everything from scented oil to ice - cream – all with the same effect .
To quote the researchers “ even when consumers can directly experience the relevant products and the specifications carry little or no new information , their preference is still influenced by specifications , including specifications that are self - generated and by definition spurious and specifications that the respondents themselves deem uninformative . ”
Link to Ars Technica write - up of study .
Link to study paper .
Link to DOI .
Pakistani troops opened fire on US soldiers trying to enter the country 's lawless tribal area today , according to reports , marking a dangerous further deterioration in relations between the two anti-terror allies .
Details of the incident , in South Waziristan , are unclear .
According to local security officials and tribesmen , however , two US helicopters breached Pakistani airspace in the early hours but were forced to retreat when they came under fire .
The US forces were likely to have been on a hit - and - withdraw mission against suspected militants in the area , similar to the first documented US ground raid into the tribal territory earlier this month , when choppers flew in commandos .
That enraged the Pakistani army and public .
One security official in South Waziristan said : " American helicopters came , and there was a space [ border ] violation .
Pakistani scouts [ paramilitary troops ] ) fired artillery as a warning and they left .
The helicopters did not land . "
Other reports said troops had directed gunfire at the helicopters , which were just inside Pakistani territory .
One official said the fire had come from Pakistani soldiers based at a border checkpoint known as BP - 27 .
The Pakistani army admitted a skirmish had taken place , but it denied that its soldiers had been involved .
" The villagers had some firing incident , " said Major General Athar Abbas , a Pakistani army spokesman .
" But who fired at who , I cannot confirm . "
The US military denied that there had been any operation .
The US raid earlier this month , which killed up to 20 people , including civilians , was finally admitted by the Pentagon - though not on the record .
" We did not have any forces or helicopters on or near the border , " said Mark Swart , a spokesman for the US military at Bagram airbase , in Afghanistan .
" I do n't know where the reports are coming from . "
The US believes the tribal area is being used as a safe haven by Taliban and al - Qaida militants fighting US and coalition forces in Afghanistan .
Last week , the US military chief Admiral Mike Mullen said a new strategy that incorporated the tribal territory was needed for Afghanistan .
Meanwhile , the US president , George Bush , is believed to have signed a secret order allowing US soldiers to stage operations in the tribal area even though the UN mandate for international forces in Afghanistan does not extend into Pakistan .
The Bush administration is thought to be in a desperate push for results in Afghanistan and a trophy strike against al - Qaida 's top leadership , which is likely to be based in the tribal area , before the presidential terms ends .
CIA agents from all over the world have reportedly been pulled into the Afghan - Pakistan border area .
Analysts believe the new policy risks a confrontation between the Pakistani and US militaries , and threatens to undermine the new democratic government in Islamabad .
As well as the unprecedented ground assault , there has been a huge increase in the number of US missiles fired from unmanned aircraft at militant targets in the tribal area .
These , too , have claimed dozens of civilian lives .
" This kind of situation cannot go on , because any government in Pakistan will get destabilised , " said Hasan Askari Rizvi , a security analyst based in the eastern city of Lahore .
" This is what the Americans do n't realise : that if there is an instability in Pakistan , their war on terror cannot be pursued .
If everybody turns against America , then no [ Pakistani ] government will be in a position to support the war on terror . "
Washington believes Pakistan is not cracking down on some of the jihadist groups because it had a close relationship to them in the past and is still providing clandestine support .
Pointedly , two recent US missile strikes in the tribal belt have targeted groups believed to be close to Pakistan 's shadowy ISI intelligence agency , the network of militants run by Jalaluddin Haqqani and the al - Badr group .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Early 1933 , when Franklin Delano Roosevelt gave his first inaugural address , was one of the most terrifying times in United States history .
More than 10,000 banks had failed , credit had dried up , businesses had gone bankrupt , and the jobless rate was 25 percent , with another 25 percent underemployed and underpaid .
After telling Americans that “ the only thing we have to fear is fear itself , ” FDR went on to describe the causes of the devastating financial crisis , in terms that sound all too familiar today :
“ Only a foolish optimist can deny the dark realities of the moment .
“ Yet our distress comes from no failure of substance .
We are stricken by no plague of locusts … .
Plenty is at our doorstep , but a generous use of it languishes in the very sight of the supply .
Primarily this is because the rulers of the exchange of mankind ’s goods have failed , through their own stubbornness and their own incompetence , have admitted their failure , and abdicated .
Practices of the unscrupulous money changers stand indicted in the court of public opinion , rejected by the hearts and minds of men .
“ True they have tried , but their efforts have been cast in the pattern of an outworn tradition .
Faced by failure of credit they have proposed only the lending of more money .
Stripped of the lure of profit by which to induce our people to follow their false leadership , they have resorted to exhortations , pleading tearfully for restored confidence .
They know only the rules of a generation of self - seekers .
They have no vision , and when there is no vision the people perish .
The money - changers have fled from their high seats in the temple of our civilization .
We may now restore that temple to the ancient truths .
The measure of the restoration lies in the extent to which we apply social values more noble than mere monetary profit… . ”
Read the full speech here .
Among FDR ’s first responses to the crisis were the Securities Act of 1933 , which instituted comprehensive regulation of the securities industry , followed by the creation of the FDIC and the Glass - Steagall Act — whose undoing is now helping history repeat itself .
A huge American - financed wastewater treatment plant in the desert city of Falluja , which United States troops assaulted twice to root out insurgents in 2004 , was supposed to be the centerpiece of an effort to rebuild Iraq , a country smashed by war and neglect , and bring Western standards of sanitation .
Instead , the project , which has tripled in cost from original plans to $ 100 million and has fallen about three years behind schedule , has become an example of the failed and often oversold program to rebuild Iraq ’s infrastructure with American dollars and skill .
The project was so poorly conceived that there is no reliable electricity to run pumps and purification tanks , and no money left to connect homes to the main sewer lines , which now run uselessly beneath Falluja ’s streets , according to a report by federal investigators to be released Monday .
The report by the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction , an independent federal office led by Stuart W. Bowen Jr. , stops short of saying that officials with the United States Army Corps of Engineers , which has primary responsibility for the project , or the American Embassy ’s own reconstruction bureau , the Iraq Transition Assistance Office , deliberately withheld information on the problems .
Austin Powers Actor Arrested for Gang Rape
Austin Powers actor , who played Dr. Evil 's henchman Random Task , has been arrested for gang rape .
37 - year - old Son was charged in connection with an unsolved 1990 Christmas Eve gang rape , when a DNA sample connected him to the crime .
The DNA sample was taken when Son plead guilty to felony vandalism in May .
The vandalism police report was filed by a friend who identified Son as the Austin Powers actor .
Son was charged with five felony counts of forcible rape , two felony counts of forcible sodomy , two felony counts of sodomy in concert by force , seven felony counts of forcible oral copulations , one felony count of sexual penetration by foreign object by force .
Photo and video of Joe Son as Random Task in Austin Powers below .
Random
Task fight scene from Austin Powers
Mission .
To organize COLT .
The general purpose of the Association for Computational Learning ( ACL ) is to advance learning theory by promoting the organization of the annual Conference on Learning Theory ( COLT ) .
The membership consists of COLT attendees .
Registered attendees of a COLT conference become members for one year : from the beginning of that COLT until the beginning of the next one .
The Association for Computational Learning ( ACL ) is in charge of the organization of the Conference on Learning Theory ( COLT ) , formerly known as the conference on Computational Learning Theory .
This conference is held annually since 1988 and has become the leading conference on Learning theory by maintaining a highly selective process for submissions .
It is committed in high - quality articles in all theoretical aspects of machine learning and related topics .
Proceedings of COLT automatically accepted in the Proceedings of Machine Learning Research if the authors desire to publish a conference paper .
COLT talks are recorded and made available on our YouTube Channel whenever possible ( check individual COLT pages for more details ) .
New York is developing at a dizzying pace , with new glass - and - steel buildings popping up seemingly every day — and in unexpected places , like the Lower East Side and Brooklyn .
While some streets look completely different than they did even ten years ago , others remain comfortingly the same .
Intern Roger
West photographed New York streetscapes and landmarks , juxtaposing them against photos from fifty years ago .
Click for the photogallery .
Click for the slideshow .
[ Update : Now with a minor correction , and also an awesome Ted Stevens statement ! ]
Ted Stevens is guilty of violating ethics laws , and not understanding how the internet works .
Hah , just kidding , it 's just the fraud stuff .
His insane jury , made up of Alaskans DC residents [ deny them congressional representation and see what happens , Senators ] who kept having violent outbursts , found Stevens guilty of seven charges of corruption .
He does n't have to step down from the Senate , of course , and he 's still running for reelection next week .
He has said he will not step down .
Which is awesome .
What with the presidential election going on , we 've barely had time for prominent congressional Republicans to face embarrassingly public trials and indictments , like in 2006 !
In 2006 , America watched in glee as Republican congressmen Randy " Duke " Cunningham , Bob Ney , and Tom DeLay all faced indictments on the eve of the midterm elections .
Resignations and bitter GOP infighting soon followed !
Ney refused to resign until days before the election !
Oh , then Florida congressman Mark Foley , uh , had some sort of scandal involving sexy , sexy underaged male pages .
Also there was this Jack Abramoff guy !
It was an exciting time , sort of .
Now we are so busy with Barack Obama being a socialist and John McCain being old that Ted Stevens getting kicked out of the Senate , finally , after 200 years , seems like some happy afterthought .
So. Corrupt Alaska Republican fucks his own party and loses an election .
Who knew Alaska would matter , this year ?
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
October 27 , 2008 Statement of Senator Ted Stevens I am obviously disappointed in the verdict but not surprised given the repeated instances of prosecutorial misconduct in this case .
The prosecutors had to report themselves to the Justice Department 's Office of Professional Responsibility during the trial for ethical violations .
Exculpatory evidence was hidden from my lawyers .
A witness was kept from us and then sent back to Alaska .
The Government lawyers allowed evidence to be introduced that they knew was false .
I will fight this unjust verdict with every ounce of energy I have .
I am innocent .
This verdict is the result of the unconscionable manner in which the Justice Department lawyers conducted this trial .
I ask that Alaskans and my Senate colleagues stand with me as I pursue my rights .
I remain a candidate for the United States Senate .
Nice .
「 君のプログラミング言語で、これ、できる？」で紹介されていた「Execution in the Kingdom of Nouns」を訳してみました。英語よりも、つたない日本語訳の方がよい方は、どうぞ。
おかしな訳があれば、教えて下さい。適宜、訂正します。
「 C の関数はファーストクラスじゃないよ」などの突っ込みは、原文の著者へどうぞ。
ゴミ溢れ すべての Java ユーザは、ユースケースが好きだから、ユースケースの一例から始めよう。それは、ゴミ出し。こんなときのこと。「ジャーニー、そのゴミを出してきて！溢れそうじゃないの！ 」 もしあなたが、英語を喋る本当に普通の人であり、ゴミ出しの際の行動を説明しろと言われたら、おそらくこんな風に考えるだろう。 流しの下からゴミ袋を取り出 す
それをガレージに運び出す
それをゴミ箱に入れ る
家の中に戻 る
手を洗う
ソファーに座 る
ビデオゲーム( あるいは、やっていたこと ) を再開する もしあなたが英語で考えてなくても、あなたの好きな言語でも、似たような一連の動作を考えただろう。言語の選択に関わらず、動作に程度の差こそあれ、ゴミ出しとは、ゴミを外に持って行って、家に戻ってくる、一連の動作である。 我々の心は、押さえきれない行動で満たされている：我々は暮らし、呼吸し、歩き、話し、笑い、泣き、望み、恐れ、食べ、飲み、止め、進み、ゴミを出す。これ以外にも、我々は何をするにも、どう行動するのも自由だ。もし、我々が太陽の照りつける中の動かない石だとしても、人生は悪くはない。しかし、自由ではないだろう。自由とは、我々が何かするという能力から生じるものである。 もちろん、我々の心は、名詞によっても満たされている。我々は、名詞を食べ、店で名詞を買い、名詞に腰掛け、名詞の上で眠る。名詞はあなたの頭の上に落ち、あなたの名詞の上に大きな名詞を作ることもある。名詞とは物であり、物なしで我々は存在できるだろうか？ しかし、それらは単に物であり、それだけである：目的への手段、目的そのもの、高価な財産、あるいは、我々が観察する物の名前。ビルがある。ここに岩がある。どんな子供でも、名詞は認識できるだろう。これらの名詞を面白くするのは、名詞に対する変化である。 変化には行動が必要だ。行動は、人生に刺激を与える。行動は、刺激に刺激を与えさえする！結局、食べなければ、それは刺激的( スパイシー)ではないのだ。名詞はどこにでもあるが、人生の絶え間ない変化と変わらぬ興味は、すべて動詞の中にある。
そして、もちろん、動詞と名詞に加えて、我々には、形容詞、前置詞、代名詞、冠詞、接続詞、魅惑的な虚辞、そして、考えや話を面白くしてくれる他の言葉がある。すべての人が、それぞれに役割があり、すべてが重要だと同意してくれると思う。どれか一つでも失ったら、大変なことだ。
もしも我々が、これから決して動詞を使わないと突然決めてしまったら、それはおかしなことではないだろうか？
まさにそんなことが起こっている国の物語について、話をさせて欲しい。
名詞の王国 王 Java がシリコンの拳をもって統治する Java 王国では、あなたや私のような考え方は、人々に許されていない。Java ランドでは、王自らの命令により、名詞がとても大切にされている。名詞は、王国のもっとも重要な市民なのである。彼らは、きらびやかな装飾品を身にまとって歩いている。それらは、比較的平穏な人生を送っている形容詞によって用意されたものである。形容詞は、名詞ほど地位は高くないが、動詞に生まれてこなくて本当によかったと考えている。 なぜなら、王国の動詞市民は、苦渋をなめているからである。
Java ランドでは、王 Java の命令により、動詞は名詞によって所有されている。しかし、彼らは単なるペットではない。それどころか、動詞は
Java ランド全土のすべての雑用と肉体労働をしなければならない。事実上、彼らは奴隷、少なくとも農奴か使用人である。Java ランドの住人は、この状況に大変満足しており、違う世の中もあり得ることにまったく気付いていない。
Java ランドの動詞は、すべての仕事に責任があるにも関わらず、軽蔑されており、自由に歩き回ることは許されていない。動詞が人前に出ようとするなら、必ず名詞にエスコートしてもらわなければならない。 もちろん 、 「
スコートする」とう動詞自身も、一人で歩き回ることは許されていない。エスコートすることを促進するためには、VerbEscorter を斡旋する必要がある。では、「促進する 」( facilitate ) や「 斡旋する 」 ( procure ) はどうなのか？ 同様に 、Facilitator や Procurer が重要な名詞である。それらの仕事は、それぞれ促進や斡旋によって、卑しい動詞「 促進する 」 と「 斡旋する」を監視することである。 神
Sun の導きにより、王は常に Java 王国からすべての動詞を追放すると脅している。もしこれが現実となれば、住人はすべての雑用をこなす、少なくとも一つの動詞を必要とするだろう。ユーモアのかけらも持ち合わせていない王は、きっと execute を選択するだろう。 動詞 execute や、仲間の run、start 、go 、 JustDoIt、makeItSo などは、適切な Executioner と execute の呼び出しに置き換えることで、他の動詞の仕事をこなすことができる。ちょっと待って、だって？
Waiter.execute ( ) 。歯を磨く？ ToothBrusher ( myTeeth ).go( ) 。ゴミを出す ？TrashDisposalPlanExecutor.doIt( ) 。安全な動詞などいない。すべては、名詞に置き換えられるのだ。
Java ランドの最も狂信的な地域では、名詞は完全にすべての動詞を追い出したとされる。しかし、そこら中に動詞がまだいるのではないか疑問を抱くももっともだ。畑を耕すためや、し尿瓶を空にするためにだ。注意深く観察すると、秘密が暴かれる。名詞は、自分が所有する動詞
execute の名前を、その機能を少しも変えることなしに、自分たちにちなんで、変えることができる。FieldTiller till ( ) 、ChamberPotEmptier empty ( ) 、RegistrationManager register ( ) を観察すれば、所有者である名詞の皮を被った、邪悪な王の軍隊に属する executioner の一つであることが分る 。
隣国の動詞 近隣のプログラミング言語王国では、ゴミを出すことは単純であり、上記のような方法に近い。Java と同様に、データは名詞であり、関数は動詞である。しかし、Java ランドと異なるのは、諸王国の市民は、彼らの都合に合わせて、自由に名詞と動詞を混ぜたり、組み合わせたりすることができる。 たとえば 、C ランド 、JavaScript ランド 、Perl ランド 、Ruby ランドという近隣諸国では、ゴミ出しを一連の動作、すなわち、動詞(関数)としてモデル化するかもしれない。一連の動作を、適切なオブジェクトに適切な順番で適応すれば(ゴミを持つ、外に出す、ゴミ箱に捨てる、等々)、ゴミ捨ての仕事は完全に成功する。過剰なエスコートや、監視人はどこにも必要ない。
これらの王国では、動詞をくるむ名詞を作る必要はほとんどない。ゴミを見つけるための名詞
GarbageDisposalStrategy や GarbageDisposalDestinationLocator、あるいは ソファに戻ってくるための名詞 PostGarbageActionCallback はない。単に名詞に作用する動詞を書き、それらを適切な順番で実行する動詞 take_out_garbage を用意すればよい。 それらの近隣王国では、必要とあれば、重要な名詞を作る方法も用意されている。もし熱心な発明者が、畑を人よりも早く耕すことのできる馬／車／機械のような、これまでに存在していなかった新しく有益な概念を作るのなら、名前／説明／状態／命令を提供するクラスを利用できる。
違いは、動詞は独立して存在でき、それを所有する新たな名詞を作り出す必要がないことだ。
これがプログラミング諸国のもののありかただ。Java ランドの住人は、近隣王国の人々を軽蔑している。
地中深く穴を掘って行くと ...
この星の裏側には、人口の少ない地域があり、そこでは動詞が高貴な市民とされている。それらは、Haskellia、Ocamlica、Schemeria などの関数型王国だ。そこの住人は、Java ランド近隣王国に行くことは、ほとんどない。近くに王国があまりないせいで、関数型王国同士は互いを軽蔑しており、他にすることがないと戦争を起こす。
関数型王国では、名詞と動詞の身分は等しいとされている。しかし、名詞が名詞たろうとするなら、なにもしないで座っているほかない。動詞は大変行動的で、すべてをこなすので、名詞はほとんど何もしない。動詞をエスコートする名詞を作れという変な法律はない。だから、それぞれの王国には、正確に物の数だけ名詞が存在する。
その結果、こういうのも変だが、動詞が国の主導権を握っている。よそ者からみると動詞(すなわち関数)が群を抜いて重要な市民であるという印象を持つだろう。蛇足ながら、それが、物型王国ではなく、関数型王国と呼ばれる所以である。
最果ての地、関数型王国の向こうには、神聖
Lambda 王国 と呼ばれる伝説の国がある。そこには、名詞はまったくなく、動詞のみがある！物は存在するがが、すべては動詞から作られる。もし伝承が本当であれば、羊を数える数字(
その国で通貨をやりとりするための普通の方法でもある)さえもそうだ。0 は、単に lambda( ) 。１は、lambda( lambda( ) ) 、2 は lambda( lambda( lambda( ) ) )
、といった具合だ。この伝説の国では、すべての物、名詞、動詞、その他すべてのものは、根源的な動詞 lambda から作られる。 正直なところ 、Java ランドの住人は星の裏側の存在に気付いていないため、心穏やかだ。彼らのカルチャーショックを想像できるだろうか？ 気持ちを表すためには、彼らは外国人恐怖症といった新しい名詞を発明しなければならず、混乱するだろう。
Java ランドの住人は幸せか？ Java ランドでの生活は、よく言えば少し変で、悪く言えばひどく効率が悪いといえる。しかし、子供の詩を知れば、彼らが詩的で、社会がいかに幸せかが分るだろう。たとえば、Java ランドの子供達は、有名な警句をしばしば暗唱する。 釘が一本なければ、 throw new HorseshoeNailNotFoundException ( " no nails ! " ) ; 馬蹄がなければ 、 EquestrianDoctor.getLocalInstance().getHorseDispatcher ( ) . shoot ( ) ;
ウマがなければ 、 RidersGuild.getRiderNotificationSubscriberList().getBroadcaster ( ) .run ( new BroadcastMessage ( StableFactory.getNullHorseInstance ( ) ) ) ; 騎手がいなければ 、 MessageDeliverySubsystem.getLogger().logDeliveryFailure ( MessageFactory.getAbstractMessageInstance ( new MessageMedium( MessageType.VERBAL ) , new MessageTransport ( MessageTransportType.MOUNTED_RIDER ) , new MessageSessionDestination ( BattleManager.getRoutingInfo( BattleLocation.NEAREST ) ) ) , MessageFailureReasonCode.UNKNOWN_RIDER_FAILURE ) ; 通信がなければ、 ( ( BattleNotificationSender ) BattleResourceMediator.getMediatorInstance().getResource ( BattleParticipant .
PROXY_PARTICIPANT , BattleResource .
BATTLE_NOTIFICATION_SENDER ) ).sendNotification ( ( ( BattleNotificationBuilder ) ( BattleResourceMediator.getMediatorInstance().getResource ( BattleOrganizer.getBattleParticipant(Battle.Participant.GOOD_GUYS ) , BattleResource .
BATTLE_NOTIFICATION_BUILDER ) ) ).buildNotification ( BattleOrganizer.getBattleState(BattleResult.BATTLE_LOST ) , BattleManager.getChainOfCommand().getCommandChainNotifier ( ) ) ) ; 戦闘がなければ、 try { synchronized ( BattleInformationRouterLock.getLockInstance ( ) ) { BattleInformationRouterLock.getLockInstance ( ) . wait ( ) ; } } catch ( InterruptedException ix ) { if ( BattleSessionManager.getBattleStatus ( BattleResource.getLocalizedBattleResource(Locale.getDefault( ) ) , BattleContext.createContext ( Kingdom.getMasterBattleCoordinatorInstance( new TweedleBeetlePuddlePaddleBattle( ) ) .populate ( RegionManager.getArmpitProvince( Armpit.LEFTMOST ) ) ) ) == BattleStatus .
LOST ) { if ( LOGGER.isLoggable( Level.TOTALLY_SCREWED ) ) { LOGGER.logScrewage(BattleLogger.createBattleLogMessage( BattleStatusFormatter.format( BattleStatus.LOST_WAR , Locale.getDefault ( ) ) ) ) ; } } }
戦争がなければ、 new ServiceExecutionJoinPoint ( DistributedQueryAnalyzer.forwardQueryResult( NotificationSchemaManager.getAbstractSchemaMapper ( new PublishSubscribeNotificationSchema( ) ).getSchemaProxy ( ) .
executePublishSubscribeQueryPlan ( NotificationSchema.ALERT , new NotificationSchemaPriority ( SchemaPriority.MAX_PRIORITY ) , new PublisherMessage ( MessageFactory.getAbstractMessage(
MessageType.WRITTEN , new MessageTransport( MessageTransportType.WOUNDED_SURVIVOR ) , new MessageSessionDestination ( DestinationManager.getNullDestinationForQueryPlan ( ) ) ) ) , DistributedWarMachine.getPartyRoleManager().getRegisteredParties ( PartyRoleManager .
PARTY_KING
|| PartyRoleManager .PARTY_GENERAL
|| PartyRoleManager .PARTY_AMBASSADOR ) ).getQueryResult( ) , PriorityMessageDispatcher.getPriorityDispatchInstance ( ) ) ) . waitForService( ) ; すべては釘一本のせい。 今日においても、これは有益な教訓だ。 Java ランドでの語り口は 、Ben Franklin のオリジナル作品といくつかの点で違っているが
、Java ランドの住人はこれは魅力的な詩であると感じている。 魅力は、その構造様式だ。その構造様式は、すべて名詞からなるため、王
Java から格別の評価を与えられている。知っての通り
、Java 王国では、名詞は物であり、物はすべての行動よりも尊重される。構造様式は、あなたが見たり触ったりできる物、あなたの頭上に堂々とそびえる物、そして、棒でたたけば心地よい音を奏でる物から作られる。王は馬車に乗り、車輪を叩きながら、この上なく満足している。できが悪かろうが、この詩には物の不足はない。 我々の人間としての本能は、物の中からシェルターを探す。シェルターが強ければ強い程、我々はより安全に感じる。Java ランドでは、人々を安心させる強い物がたくさんある。彼らは、多量の構造的生産物に驚嘆し、「これは頑健な設計に違いない」と考える。構成を変えようとしたときに、この思いはさらに強くなる。構造様式の強さに、人々はたじろぐ。誰も構成を破壊できはしないと思える程に。 強固な構造様式に加えて、Java ランドのすべての物は、上手に組織化されている。すべての名詞は、適切な位置に発見できる。すべての話が、限定された形をとる。オブジェクトの生成は、よい例だ。それぞれの抽象化に対してマネージャが一つ。マネージャごとに run ( ) メソッドを一つだけ 。Java の住民は、経験が少なくても、この種のモデル化でどんな話も表現できると悟る。どんな抽象化の表現も、どんな計算の表現も可能にする名詞カルキュラスが存在するのだ。必要なのは、十分な名詞、それらを生成するコンストラクタ、名詞のグラフを横断するアクセッサ、そしてプランを実行する極めて重要な execute ( ) だ。 Java 王国の住人は単に幸せというだけではなく、誇りで充満している。
WASHINGTON - Secretary of State Condolezza Rice congratulated Barack Obama yesterday on his history - making achievement in securing the Democratic presidential nomination .
Speaking at the State Department , Rice said : " The United States of America is an extraordinary country .
It is a country that has overcome many , many , now years , decades , actually a couple of centuries of trying to make good on its principles .
And I think what we are seeing is an extraordinary expression of the fact that ' we the people ' is beginning to mean all of us . "
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino also extended President Bush 's congratulations .
" Senator Obama came a long way in becoming his party 's nominee .
And his historic achievement reflects the fact that our country has come along way , too , " she said .
ASSOCIATED PRESS
McCain raised $ 20 m in May , adviser says
John McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee , raised more than $ 20 million last month , his biggest monthly haul to date , a campaign adviser said yesterday .
The Arizona senator raised $ 18 million in April .
He has now raised more than $ 110 million for his campaign , less than half of the $ 256 million taken through April 30 by presumptive Democratic nominee Barack Obama .
BLOOMBERG
Gains , gaps face women candidates , poll finds
WASHINGTON - People are more receptive to a woman running for high office than two decades ago , a poll showed yesterday .
Yet women are seen as facing a tougher time than blacks running for the White House .
Nearly nine in 10 said they were glad to see a woman make a serious run for president this year , the CBS News poll said a day after Hillary Clinton was defeated by Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination .
In 1984 when Geraldine Ferraro was the Democrats ' vice presidential pick , about six in 10 said they were pleased a woman had been nominated .
Asked if the country is ready for a female president , six in 10 said yes .
The poll involved telephone interviews with 712 registered voters conducted from May 30 - June 2 , and had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .
ASSOCIATED PRESS
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
In a shameless effort to show that someone in the financial services industry is still investing in technology - and relatively exotic new blade server technology at that - IBM has announced that brokerage house Merrill Lynch , soon to be part of the Bank of America behemoth after running into BoA 's welcoming arms in mid-September .
IBM launched the System x iDataPlex machines back in May .
Rather than launching these boxes for general consumption by IT shops , the iDataPlex servers - which offer much higher density that many of the rack or blade servers currently sold by IBM and its competitors - are custom built for buyers and only offered on a special bid basis .
At the launch in May , IBM claimed that iDataPlex iron uses 40 per cent less power and provide five times the compute density rack servers .
( It looks like IBM compared dual - core processors in the racks with quad - core chips in the iDataPlex , but the company was not explicit . )
The initial iDataPlex blades are based on Intel 's " Harpertown " quad - core Xeon processors , but IBM could eventually create blades using Opteron chips or its own Power6 processors .
These blades only officially support Linux at the moment , but the x64 blades can support Windows or Solaris , and Power6 blades , should they come to market , could run AIX , Linux , or even i5 / OS on Power chips , too .
The iDataPlex blades do not include redundant power and cooling ( and power consuming ) technologies that typical rack servers have .
Since the iDataPlex servers are geared for Web or HPC applications that are , by their very nature , spread across many machines and run in a stateless mode anyway , the redundancy fattens up blades and prices .
The iDataPlex servers plug into a rack that has two columns of 15 - inch servers , as opposed to the 19 - inch rack equipment that is standard in data centers .
The change in form factor and rack style is accounting for a lot of density improvement .
The iDataPlex setup is supposed to be cooled by so - called Cool Blue water jackets , which IBM puts on the back of racks and hooks right into water - cooled CRAC units inside the data center to more directly remove heat from the servers .
Even without the water jackets , the iDataPlex setup is said to be 20 per cent cooler than a comparable set of rack servers .
Merrill Lynch would not let IBM say exactly how much iDataPlex iron it has bought , but a source at IBM did confirm that these are not freebie units and Merrill Lynch is indeed paying for them .
Of course , we 'll see who is actually paying for them once the crashing and bailing out is done .
All that Jeffrey Birnbaum , chief technology architect at the brokerage house , would say is that Merrill Lynch was buying the iDataPlex machines because of the power , cooling , and density benefits .
Yahoo ! and Texas Tech University were early customers for iDataPlex machines back in May , and IBM has put a bunch of these into its Blue Cloud utility computing centers , too .
( These centers have machines set up with the open source Hadoop parallel computing environment created by Google , the Linux operating system , the Xen hypervisor , and various Tivoli systems management tools . )
NASA has bought a few racks of iDataPlex machines to build a supercomputer in a Maryland facility , Microsoft has bought a few racks to play around with its Windows HPC Server 2008 parallel supercomputing variant , and a " major energy company " based in the United States is set to announce an acquisition of the machines in a few weeks , according to IBM . ®
The woman behind the infamous e-mail that aired criticisms of Sarah Palin to millions across the cyber - globe sat at a computer screen scrolling through unread messages , as dozens more popped into her inbox .
“ Let ’s see , what is the next one ? ”
Anne Kilkenny said with a smile , killing time before her family attended a Saturday evening church service .
She clicked and skimmed the words : “ Hateful liar . ”
She opened the next one : “ I think you are nothing more than disgruntled and jealous in some way !!
Be truthful now .
Are you pro-abortion ?
For gay marriages ?
Embryonic stem cell research ?
Euthanasia ? ”
“ Blah , blah , blah , blah , ” Kilkenny said , chuckling and shaking her head , moving on to the next e-mail : “ Get your own life Anne and leave hers alone . ”
Advertisement
“ Shame on you Anne Kilkenny , that is if you really do exist ! ” one person wrote .
“ You are probably fake . ”
Kilkenny , 57 , lives with her husband and son in a one - level home surrounded by raspberry bushes , crab apple trees , birch and fireweed .
She speaks in a high - pitched voice , cheerful as a grade school teacher , pausing for deep breaths between thoughts .
She parts her steel gray hair down the middle , wears ankle - length skirts , irons meticulously and grows potatoes and asparagus in her backyard .
After Sen. John McCain named Palin , the governor of Alaska and former mayor of Wasilla , as his Republican vice presidential running mate on Aug. 29 , friends of Kilkenny ’s in other states began asking , “ What do you know about her ? ”
Two days later , Kilkenny decided to set down her observations about Palin in a 24,000 - word sober critique , e-mailed to 40 of her friends in the Lower 48 .
Kilkenny wrote that she knew the governor ’s family and had witnessed Palin ’s political career take off .
She wrote that Palin was ruthless in firing staff and did not tolerate those who opposed her .
She talked of Palin ’s stance as a fiscal conservative during her six years as mayor of Wasilla and her spending decisions .
Advertisement
“ Dear friends , ” Kilkenny wrote .
“ So many people have asked me about what I know about Sarah Palin in the last 2 days that I decided to write something up .
Basically , Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton have only 2 things in common : their gender and their good looks . ”
Kilkenny told her friends to feel free to pass her e-mail along , but asked : “ Please do not post it on any websites as there are too many kooks out there . ”
She never could have predicted what followed after she hit “ send : ” More than 13,700 e-mails flooded her inbox .
Her friends passed the letter to strangers who posted it on Facebook pages , blogs and websites , resulting in more than 538,000 Google hits under Kilkenny ’s name .
Advertisement
Her essay brought a flurry of questions from across the world .
Who is Anne Kilkenny ?
Is she credible ?
Why did she write about Palin ?
Kilkenny e-mails from a Hotmail account using a slow dial - up Internet connection and did n’t know what a blog was until recently .
In local government circles , Kilkenny is what some might call a gadfly , keeping stacks of newspaper clippings on her kitchen table and file folders full of city ordinances , city codes and government memos .
For the last decade the homemaker has been a fixture at City Council meetings , showing up well - versed in governmental procedures , sometimes wearing a flower tucked in her hair .
It was Kilkenny ’s firsthand experience with Palin -- who was elected to the council in 1992 and became Wasilla ’s mayor in 1996 -- that inspired her to craft the e-mail that made her famous .
Advertisement
“ I wanted people to be informed , ” Kilkenny said .
“ I was n’t trying to make a judgment call . ”
--
A 70 - foot - long and 30 - foot - wide smooth slab of concrete fans out from the garage of Kilkenny ’s home to the street .
She glances through the window of her tidy kitchen plastered in dandelion - yellow and pumpkin - orange wallpaper .
Most of what she knows about local politics started with her fight to pave that driveway .
Until then , Kilkenny rarely paid attention to city issues , though she did vote to put Palin on the City Council .
Four years later , the city of Wasilla announced it was going to pave Kilkenny ’s street .
Advertisement
She had a fondness for municipal development because her father had been a civil engineer .
The family used to drive around their neighborhood in Contra Costa County , Calif. , to check out new building projects .
Kilkenny sketched a drawing of how she wanted her driveway apron to look and showed it to planning officials .
It was rejected because the footprint was too wide .
“ They said , ‘ You can only have 12 feet , ’ ” Kilkenny said .
At a council meeting , an attorney told her the only way to appeal the ordinance was to rewrite it .
Advertisement
So she did .
Kilkenny showed up at each City Council meeting with her typed driveway ordinance , trying to get it approved .
The sessions were held inside a refurbished high school gymnasium .
Six council members sat around a horseshoe - shaped table ; in the center was Palin , often chewing a wad of gum .
Nick Carney , who served on the council then , remembers there were times when no one showed up to watch , “ not even the guy from the newspaper . ”
Sometimes Kilkenny was the only one .
Her driveway ordinance kept getting rejected ; she kept going back .
Over time , she became interested in city politics beyond driveways .
It was a period of increased taxes in the city , and commercial and residential development .
The city spent millions to build a park , a sports complex and roads .
Kilkenny spoke out on expenditures , questioning the use of public funds .
She knew which council members had become allies , and which had become enemies .
Advertisement
Also at this time , evangelical churches in the region were becoming more of a force , in particular the Wasilla Assembly of God , where Palin worshiped until a few years ago .
The religious community was preaching “ clean up the community , ” Kilkenny said .
“ People were purposely taking books out of the library to take them out of circulation , not returning them . ”
One targeted book , “ Pastor I Am Gay , ” was written by the Rev. Howard Bess , who preaches in Palmer , near Wasilla .
Kilkenny was at the council meetings when book banning was discussed , and when the police chief and librarian were fired .
She was there when , after protests , the librarian was allowed to keep her job .
Some did n’t take Kilkenny seriously .
Judy Patrick , who served as deputy mayor for four years , is upset that the Internet and media have turned Kilkenny into a Palin expert .
“ Anne Kilkenny , the nut case ? ” Patrick said .
“ I mean she came to every single one of our council meetings but was she ever elected ?
No . ”
To others , Kilkenny “ is like the watchdog of the council , ” Carney said .
“ She came to the meetings and made sure we were dotting our I ’s and crossing our Ts . ”
Advertisement
“ Anne looked at things logically , ” said Darlene Langill , a former City Council member .
“ She did not rant and rave at meetings . ”
Fourteen months after Kilkenny started pitching her driveway ordinance , the City Council passed it .
Her driveway was paved in the summer of 1997 .
Her involvement in politics continued .
Kilkenny has a pen pal from Ghana who writes to her about political unrest and fears about civil wars over elections in his country .
America is a place of free speech , Kilkenny said , and that is a right she has learned not everyone in the world enjoys .
All she did when she sent out that letter to friends , she said , was exercise that right .
Advertisement
--
The e-mails keep coming .
So far , Kilkenny has read about 9,000 of them .
She separates them into e-mail folders above other icons marked “ bills , ” “ church ” or “ mom . ”
The folder labeled “ AA ” holds positive responses , and “ AB ” holds the “ ugly ones . ”
Lately , the vicious nature of some of the e-mails has Kilkenny feeling nervous .
Advertisement
“ Could it be that you wanted to be the most popular girl in class and it did n’t happen ? ” one person wrote .
“ I make a point of leaving the house every day , ” she says .
“ I tell my husband I need to , because if I do n’t I ’ll get too afraid . ”
In the beginning , Kilkenny admitted , she got a rush from the positive responses .
They started out about 98 % nice , she said , praising her with messages such as : “ Thank you for not staying silent . ”
Then the criticism began pouring in .
Advertisement
There are parts of her essay that Kilkenny wishes she could retract .
She would not have been so quick to tie the firing of the librarian to the book - banning controversy , and she would not have used the word “ hate ” when she wrote how Palin felt about her .
“ Why did this go viral ? ” Kilkenny said .
“ People want to know .
They ’re trying to be informed , conscientious voters .
I did n’t realize how much people care . ”
In the living room , Kilkenny signed off her Hotmail account as her son , Lief , 17 , waited for the family to drive to church .
Although people may be mad at his mom for sharing her experiences , Lief said he was proud .
“ Sarah Palin is relatively unknown , and until people understand the candidates . . . it ’s a good thing , ” he said .
Advertisement
People ask Kilkenny , if she had it to do all over again , would she write the e-mail ?
She said she would .
“ I continue to believe that it ’s important for people to participate as informed voters , ” she said , “ and there is a moral obligation to share what we know about the people that are running for office . ”
--
erika.hayasaki@latimes.com
The Smart Nora is a revolution in snoring knowledge .
Using unique vibration technology , this great product stimulates the muscles of the throat in such way that it increases relaxation , enhances normal breathing , and stops snoring in its tracks .
A great option for anyone who suffers from snoring in any way , shape , or form .
There is a growing public awareness that the war on terror has also become a war on the civil liberties of Americans , that we are trading privacy for the illusion of security and will soon have neither .
The assault on our rights that began more than 20 years ago with the war on drugs has mushroomed in the last few years .
Now there is a threat to one of the last remaining bulwarks against governmental intrusions into our lives : the exclusionary rule , which provides that evidence illegally seized by the police cannot be used as evidence in court .
The simple fact is that the exclusionary rule is vital to the preservation of our liberties and must be maintained .
The Supreme Court on Tuesday will consider the case of Herring v. Bennie Herring based on a computer entry that showed an outstanding warrant for him , even though the warrant had been withdrawn five months earlier .
He was then prosecuted for the drugs and gun found during the arrest .
Although the trial judge and the federal appeals court both found the arrest illegal and that the sheriff ’s department was negligent in not maintaining accurate records , they allowed the government to use the evidence , concluding the officers acted in good faith and that the exclusionary rule should not apply .
Critics of the rule have made the same arguments for decades :
It does not protect innocent people ; there are civil and administrative remedies available for those whose rights are violated ; other countries do not employ the rule ; and a “ blunder ” by the police should not cause a criminal to go free .
None of these arguments can survive the test of actual experience .
It is true that the exclusionary rule does not provide any remedy for an innocent person who has been the victim of an unreasonable search ; an innocent person has no remedy but a civil suit .
Filing a lawsuit , however , will not help anyone who possessed something illegal .
Jurors have no sympathy for such people and will not award them compensation .
Administrative remedies exist only in theory .
Police departments do not discipline their own for illegal searches that uncover illegal contraband .
Most perplexing is the argument that we should abandon the exclusionary rule because it is not endorsed by other democracies , as such an argument does not seem to be applied in any other area .
Almost every other democracy in the world has abolished capital punishment .
Yet no critics of the exclusionary rule have called for an end to the death penalty on the grounds that all our allies have eliminated it .
Why should we accept moral instruction from other countries on the exclusionary rule when we do not do so on capital punishment ?
Critics of the exclusionary rule fail to acknowledge it has been substantially narrowed in recent decades .
Though the rule originally applied to all illegal searches , the Supreme Court decided 25 years ago that , with rare exceptions , it does not apply in cases where the police obtained a search warrant .
That decision greatly reduced the number of cases where the rule is applied .
The contention that we should not allow a blunder by the police to confer a benefit on a criminal defendant would be reasonable only if most illegal searches are the result of good - faith mistakes .
The sad fact is , however , that the vast majority of illegal searches are the result of deliberate misconduct by the police .
Political commentators and law professors who have never been in a courtroom except to defend their own traffic tickets may not understand that fact , but every practicing criminal defense lawyer knows it to be true .
The rule provides the only legal brake on police misconduct .
Without its sanctions , the Constitution ’s guarantee against unreasonable searches would be empty .
Finally , the critics fail to address one of the most important reasons the rule was adopted in the first place : to preserve the integrity of our court system .
The Supreme Court explained its necessity more than 40 years ago : “ If the government becomes a lawbreaker , it breeds contempt for law , it invites every man to become a law unto himself ; it invites anarchy . ”
The rule “ gives to the individual no more than that which the Constitution guarantees him , to the police officer no less than that to which honest law enforcement is entitled , and , to the courts , that judicial integrity so necessary in the true administration of justice . ”
To forget that teaching is to abandon all that is best and brightest about our system of government .
Washington , D.C. , with 26 years of trial experience .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Even geeks , believe it or not , like to party , and this sweet selection of artistic confection showcases the many ways geeks can have their cake and eat it too – with or without an .exe file baked inside .
No , these cakes are not a lie ( if you do n’t get the reference , you may still be a geek . )
CLICK HERE to see 10 MORE hilariously creative geek cakes .
( image via : Pimp That Snack )
Before there were comps , there were cubes …
Rubik ’s Cubes .
This 1980s icon of geek culture is still going strong today , and the above colorful concoction would make a great celebratory centerpiece for a speed - cubing competition .
( image via : Scribe of Dreams )
This slightly simpler Rubik ’s Cube cake above has Butter Pecan cake and Chocolate cake on the inside , covered ( slathered might be a better word ) with lots of colorful icing .
The generic style of this cake along with the lack of lettering makes it ideal for any geekish occasion , not just a birthday .
( image via : Spoonman )
The first arcade video games changed the way youth culture looked at computers , free time and quarters … by combining them !
Tetris , Space Invaders and Asteroids have all been immortalized in one way or another , but perhaps not as deliciously as the Asteroids cake shown above .
What better way to savor the sweet sense of victory than by eating the high score ?
Pac-man is another early videogame that , thanks to the design of the game and the characters , lends itself to creative constructions of all kinds .
The baked desserts from ( above , clockwise ) Cakehead , Elanso and DandelionDesign look too good to last long without being gobbled up .
( image via : Geekarmy )
Movies and TV are also great fodder for geek cakes , especially sci-fi and that means Star Trek and Star Wars .
Trekkies giddy to go where no man ( or “ no one ” , for TNG fans ) has gone before will find themselves transported with glee when presented with this , er , enterprising creation .
Check out the detail , down to Kirk ’s casual pose and Spock ’s Vulcan ears .
( image via : Kozy Radio and Ivory Tower Cakes )
For those with less time and considerably less obsession , the above pair of Trek cakes convey the message without going all Neelix - like in the kitchen .
Galley .
Whatever .
“ Live Long and Prosper ” is actually an ideal birthday wish , regardless of its geeky origins .
( image via : GreatWhiteSnark )
Star Wars has its own set of geek fans and some of the larger creations pack enough sugar , carbs and cholesterol to make Darth Vader turn pale .
Get ready to chew - bacca like Jabba on these sinfully delicious cinematic cakes , and … may the forks be with you !
( image via : Regionchamps1997 )
If Mom made you a Death Star birthday cake , you might want to have li’l sis taste test it first .
Seriously , the Death Star ?
On your Birth Day ?
Well , things could always be worse …
ResearchersStart your research at the Alexander Turnbull Library
LibrariansUse Te Puna , EPIC and other National Library services
Publishers & AuthorsGet an ISBN , a CiP record , and advice about Legal Deposit
SchoolsSupport for school libraries and learning
Business
The information you need , quickly and easily
These meaty Bacon customized USB flash drives cater to those who believe that anything " bacon " just can't be bad .
Mmm , bacon ...
Bacon - the smoky , fatty , traditional pork - based breakfast favorite has emerged as one of the Internet 's most memorable memes .
If it 's bacon , it can't be bad - and the more bizarre it be , the better .
No matter that 99 percent of those who enjoy " bacon - wrapped ( insert disturbingly incongruous food here ) " on their screens will never touch , taste or smell the object of their affection ... just thinking of bacon is more than good enough .
With that in mind , feast your hungering eyes on these bacon - ated personalized USB drives .
Now it goes without saying that even if you buy one , the best you can do is look and touch - these custom thumb drives neither smell nor taste like bacon .
Or thumbs , for that matter .
But does it matter ?
Of course not ... they 're bacon USB drives !
We 'll begin with the curiously named USB Flash Disk ( disk ? ) from China 's Shenzhen City Hanbo Technology Development Co. , Ltd .
The website does n't give out much technical info on the rather thick , porky , personalised USB drive .
Not even the price and memory capacity are mentioned - for that , you 'll have to send a contact email to Hanbo .
They do , however , tout the " Vogue design , give out light the advertisement U dish , metals outer shell , Christmas gift . "
Um , yeah !
And it looks like bacon !
Next we have the USB BBQ Flash Drive from Hong Kong 's Brando , makers of USB , er , well USB pretty much anything .
Brando's Bacon custom thumb drives come in a 4GB capacitiy and cost $ 28 plus shipping .
These drives look more lifelike than Hanbo's , especially when artfully displayed along with a heapin ' helpin ' of Chicken Wing custom memory sticks .
Sez Brando , " do n't chew it , do n't ever put them in your mouth .
Keep them away from your kids or they 'll swallow ! "
Actually , that warning could be applied to actual food from China these days , what with the melamine thing and all .
As tasty as they look , maybe it 's just as well you CAN'T " byte " them .
WASHINGTON , Sept 25 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd left a White House meeting on a Wall Street bailout plan saying it could take some time to finish work , beyond Friday ’s scheduled adjournment target .
Interviewed on CNN , Dodd also had harsh words for Republican presidential candidate John McCain , who attended the meeting , saying , “ What this looked like to me was a rescue plan for John McCain for two hours . ”
Dodd added , “ To be distracted for two to three hours for political theater does n’t help . ”
Dodd alluded to a new plan being floated by Republicans during the White House meeting .
“ I do n’t even know what it is and no one could explain it , ” Dodd said , noting that this new element could cause lawmakers to start over on legislation , which he did not want to do .
( Reporting by Richard Cowan )
DrSkinSpa.com offers an extensive selection of premium , brand name skincare , hair care , and beauty products .
DrSkinSpa.com offers free domestic shipping , a 14 day money back guarantee and a 120 % price protection guarantee .
DrSkinSpa.com is an Authorized Reseller for all brands it sells , so you can be assured that you will receive fresh and authentic products .
We never ship products that are expired or close to being expired , and all products are kept in a climate - controlled environment to ensure maximum potency .
You can place your order online at DrSkinSpa.com or call us at 877-777-1940 .
All of your information is kept secure and encrypted and we never share your data with anyone .
You have to give Rush Limbaugh a perverse kind of credit .
At least when he is demonizing Barack Obama , fabricating Obama policies , blaming Obama for single - handedly causing the recession and the stock market crash , he does n’t pretend to be fair .
Opening his first post-election rant against the president - elect , Limbaugh launched in with a certain relish .
“ The game , ” he told his radio listeners , “ has begun . ”
Sean Hannity , on the other hand , insisted on feigning a post-election detente , telling his Fox News television audience last week , “ I want Barack Obama to succeed . ”
Did n’t he think anyone would notice that , just a moment later , he was back parroting the failed campaign argument that Obama is a “ mystery ” ?
Advertisement
“ I fear [ this ] is the guy that has these radical associations 20 years ago , ” Hannity added , an odd way of demonstrating support for the new commander in chief .
A healthy skepticism is not only the media ’s right but its obligation .
Indeed , commentators at many mainstream outlets -- including the Los Angeles Times , Washington Post and Wall Street Journal -- have already argued that Obama ’s best bet to succeed will be if he hews to a centrist path .
But many on the losing end of last week ’s election want to hold on to their anger .
And there are those in the media -- led by the likes of Limbaugh and Hannity -- only too ready to feed that animus , along with their own ratings .
“ The Obama recession is in full swing , ladies and gentlemen , ” Limbaugh told his radio audience of 15 million to 20 million on Thursday .
“ Stocks are dying , which is a precursor of things to come .
This is an Obama recession .
Might turn into a depression . ”
Advertisement
Apparently the tanking of the real estate market , record losses in the auto industry , and massive failures in the banking and investment industry have very little to do with our problems .
The economic system is collapsing , Rush wants us to know , because it anticipates the tax increases Obama has pledged on capital gains and for the highest income earners .
But maybe that should n’t be so surprising , because radio ’s Biggest Big Man also assures us that the Democrat welcomes “ economic chaos ” because it gives him “ greater opportunity for expanded government . ”
In a time when the nation calls out for cool leadership and rational discussion , Limbaugh stirs the caldron , a tendency he proved in a particularly grotesque way last week when he accused Obama ’s party of plotting a government takeover of 401 ( k ) retirement plans .
“ They ’re going to take your 401 ( k ) , put it in the Social Security trust fund , whatever the hell that is , ” Limbaugh woofed .
“ Trust fund , my rear end . ”
A slight problem with Limbaugh ’s report : Obama and the Democrats have proposed no such thing .
Advertisement
The proposal , in fact , emanated from a single economist , one of many experts testifying to a congressional committee .
The president - elect has thus far shown as much interest in taking over your 401 ( k ) as he has in moving the capital to Nairobi .
( If you look hard , you might find that one somewhere out there in the blogosphere , too . )
To broadcast such a report -- so drained of context as to constitute a lie -- would be a shameless act at any time .
But Limbaugh needlessly stirred the fears of the millions he holds in his thrall -- making the 401 ( k ) thievery sound like nearly a done deal .
Shameless .
Hannity and Limbaugh filleted Obama ’s selection as chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , in a way that exposed their partisan gamesmanship .
Advertisement
Mainstream newspapers have filed plenty of unflinching accounts of Emanuel ’s tough , occasionally ruthless tactics as a Democratic congressional leader and onetime operative in the Clinton White House .
That assessment of bare - knuckle partisanship Hannity seized on .
But it would n’t do to report another aspect of Emanuel ’s record -- his Clintonesque bent for the political center .
So the Fox - man simply created a new persona for Emanuel as , you guessed it , “ one of the hardest left - wing radicals on the left . ”
Ever open - minded , Hannity concluded , “ I think they ’re going to overreach , and I think we ’re going to see the person that I think Barack Obama is .
I think he is hard , hard left . ”
Then , I kid you not , Hannity ended with this pledge : “ We ’ll see .
We ’ll give him an opportunity . ”
Advertisement
Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham apparently did n’t get the memo requiring Obama ’s opponents to sink immediately and mindlessly into rank partisanship .
The South Carolina senator , one of Sen. John McCain ’s closest allies in his bid for the presidency , praised Obama ’s selection of Emanuel as “ a wise choice . ”
He added that the new chief of staff could be a tough partisan , but was also “ honest , direct and candid ” and willing to “ work to find common ground where it exists . ”
Perhaps Hannity , Limbaugh and the rest of those intent on poisoning the soil before bipartisanship can take root might recall words of wisdom from Brit Hume , a veteran newsman who is close to leaving the Fox anchor desk for semi-retirement .
The problem with the accusations of Obama being “ dangerous ” and “ radical , ” Hume said on election night , “ was that it just did n’t fit with the man you saw before your eyes . ”
Advertisement
--
james.rainey@latimes.com
The diary of a Gallipoli digger that describes the historic campaign in vivid detail has sold for $ 24,000 in a Sydney auction .
The well - preserved , pocket - sized diary is now in the hands of an overseas bidder who wishes to remain anonymous .
New Zealand Private George Petersen landed with Nelson Company on April 25 , 1915 , the day that has since come to symbolise the sacrifices made by Australian and New Zealand servicemen and women as Anzac Day .
His diary includes fascinating accounts of the Gallipoli landings themselves and the ensuing operations , with entries dated from January 1 to December 1915 .
The entry for May 30 says : " On fatigue from 4:00 am till 8:00 am at Quinns : Turks blew up our trenches just as we arrived , terrible explosion blew dust and stones hundreds of feet in the air , landed all around us , 4 killed and 10 wounded .
" German aeroplane about again .
Went from swim in afternoon .
Went around to Machine Gun to see Spotty , went for a swim with him arrived back at my bivouac about 8:30 pm .
Received a letter from Isabel . "
Lawsons Auction
House chief executive Martin Farrah says there was a lot of interest in the diary from private collectors and institutions .
" These diaries are incredibly hard to find , whether they 're World War I , II or Vietnam or Boer , and this thing is written by a New Zealander which is even rarer , " he said .
" It 's only the size of a Bible , like the little Bibles you used to get at school .
It 's been through it all , through the trenches , he wrote in it every day and it 's still in immaculate condition .
" It 's all written in ink with those early fountain pens where you would have to dip it and you can see sometimes halfway down the page where the ink 's fading and he's had to dip his pen in the ink again . "
Next - generation adaptive optics produces sharper Jupiter images
Related images
( click to enlarge )
A two - hour observation of Jupiter using an improved technique to remove atmospheric blur has produced the sharpest whole - planet picture ever taken from the ground , according to astronomers from the University of California , Berkeley , and the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) .
The series of 265 snapshots taken with the help of a prototype Multi-Conjugate Adaptive Optics ( MCAO ) instrument mounted on the ESO 's Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) revealed changes over the past three years in Jupiter 's smog - like haze , probably a response to a planet - wide upheaval more than a year ago .
The images prove the value of multi-conjugate systems , which use two or more guide stars instead of one as references to sense the atmospheric turbulence in the instrument 's field of view , and two or more deformable mirrors to correct for it .
The multiple - star technique produces sharp images over a wider area of sky - an area about three times larger than that produced by single - star adaptive optics systems employed on large telescopes such as Keck II and Gemini North in Hawaii .
" This type of adaptive optics has a big advantage for looking at large objects , such as planets , star clusters or nebulae , " said lead researcher Franck Marchis , a research astronomer at UC Berkeley and the SETI Institute in Mountain View , Calif .
" While regular adaptive optics systems provide excellent correction in a small field of view , MCAO provides good correction over a larger area of sky . "
A full MCAO instrument is due to be installed on Gemini North by 2010 and is proposed for the VLT .
With conventional adaptive optics systems like those on Gemini and Keck , the sharpening degrades with distance between the target and a reference object , be it a star or a moon of a planet .
Multi-conjugate adaptive optics maintains a steady sharpness over the whole sky area between the reference objects .
This allowed the researchers to observe Jupiter for almost two hours on Aug. 16 and 17 , 2008 , a record duration , according to the observing team .
Conventional adaptive optics systems using a single reference moon cannot monitor Jupiter that long because the moon moves too far from the planet .
The Hubble Space Telescope cannot observe Jupiter continuously for more than about 50 minutes , because it is regularly blocked by the Earth during Hubble 's 96 - minute orbit .
Using the MCAO Demonstrator ( MAD ) mounted on the Melipal 8.2 - meter telescope of the VLT , ESO astronomer Paola Amico , MAD project manager Enrico Marchetti and MAD integration engineer Sebastien Tordo tracked two moons , Europa and Io , one on each side of Jupiter , to provide a good correction across the full disk of the planet .
" It has been the most challenging observation we performed with MAD because we had to track with high accuracy the two moons having different absolute velocities while simultaneously chasing Jupiter , which was moving with respect to them , " said Marchetti .
The VLT image had a resolution of 90 milliarcseconds , " twice the resolution of the Hubble Space Telescope , " said Marchis .
The improved resolution is due not only to MCAO but also the much larger aperture of the 8.2 - meter VLT .
" Ground - based telescopes are getting comparable to or better than Hubble in the near - infrared , even for extended objects like Jupiter , " he said .
" We wanted to check if there is a link between South Equatorial Belt outbreaks and the Great Red Spot 's turbulent wake , " explained team member Mike Wong , a UC Berkeley research astronomer .
The belt is some 18,000 kilometers wide north - to - south , and it encircles Jupiter just above the track of the Great Red Spot .
Instead , the team found a major alteration in the brightness of the equatorial haze , which lies in a 16,000 - kilometer wide belt over Jupiter 's equator .
More sunlight reflecting off upper atmospheric haze means that the amount of haze has increased , or that it has moved up to higher altitudes .
The brightest portion had shifted south by more than 6,000 kilometers , Wong said .
This conclusion came from a comparison of images taken in 2005 by Wong and UC Berkeley astronomer Imke de Pater using the Hubble Space Telescope 's Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer ( NICMOS ) instrument .
The Hubble images , taken at infrared wavelengths very close to those used for the VLT study , show more haze in the northern half of the bright Equatorial Zone , while the 2008 VLT images show a clear shift to the south .
The haze , which could be the nitrogen compound hydrazine - used on Earth as a rocket propellant - or possibly frozen crystals of ammonia , water or ammonium hydrosulfide from deeper in the gaseous planet , is very prominent in infrared images .
Because visible light can penetrate to deeper levels than infrared light , optical telescopes see light reflected from deeper , thicker clouds lying beneath the haze .
The haze behaves somewhat like particles in the tops of thunderheads ( known as cumulonimbus anvils ) on Earth or in the ash plumes from large volcanic eruptions , which rise into the upper atmosphere and spread around the world , Wong said .
On Jupiter , ammonia injected into the upper atmosphere also interacts with sunlight to form hydrazine , which condenses into a mist of fine ice particles .
The hydrazine chemistry in Jupiter 's atmosphere is similar to that occurring in the Earth 's atmosphere after a volcanic eruption , when sulfur dioxide is converted by solar ultraviolet light into sulfuric acid .
" The change we see in the haze could be related to big changes in cloud patterns associated with last year 's upheaval , but we need to look at more data to narrow down precisely when the changes occurred , " Wong said .
Traumatic memories ' could soon be erased from your mind '
Scientists say they are able to erase painful memories , paving the way for new treatments of debilitating phobias and stress disorders .
Neurobiologists from the Georgia College of Medicine found they could selectively eliminate memories in mice , without damaging their brains in the process .
Like in the film Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , scientists could soon be able to wipe unwanted memories from our minds
The technique targets a protein that is crucial in the formation of memories .
Making the mice over - produce this ' memory molecule ' , while recalling a disturbing event caused the memory to be eliminated .
It has parallels with the popular film Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , where characters played by Kate Winslet and Jim Carrey decided to wipe their memories of eachother after a painful breakup .
However , the researchers said wiping should only be used for traumatic memories .
' While memories are great teachers and obviously crucial for survival and adaptation , selectively removing incapacitating memories , such as traumatic war memories or an unwanted fear , could help many people live better lives , ' leader researcher Dr Joe Tsien said in the journal Neuron .
U.S researchers say the technique could be useful treating incapacitating memories , such as war trauma
The researchers placed mice in a chamber and played a sound , then mildly shocked the mice ’s feet .
The mice learned to associate both the chamber and the sound with a shock and would freeze in anticipation of getting shocked when they entered the chamber or heard the sound .
Firstly a mouse given increased amount of the protein alpha-CaMKII after being placed in the chamber without the sound .
It only forgot the chamber and froze next time the sound was played .
Then a mouse was given the protein in the chamber with the sound it associated with being shocked .
Later when placed in the same conditions it did n't freeze .
This suggests memory erasure was limited to that being recalled at the time .
Despite the exciting breakthrough , Dr Tsien warned it could be years before they honed the technique for humans who have far more complicated brains .
' No one should expect to have a pill do the same in humans any time soon , we are barely at the foot of a very tall mountain . '
Although this Hotrod Boombox is not meant for a vehicle , it reminds me of the Pimp My Ride show .
This seat was resurrected from the dead and just like the six million dollar man , given a whole new powerful ability to be proud of .
Created by M11X , this HotRod Boombox seat is a sight to the eyes .
It combines wonderful design , various sized speakers , HotRod metal , and the love from an artist .
Besides the images provided of the HotRod Boombox , there is a time - lapse making of video that shows in short how this seat ride was pimped out .
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
X marks the spot
The Democrat is advancing on red states such as Virginia and Florida , while the Republican is taking a defensive posture of red-state hold ‘ em .
Obama , McCain line up for red - state sprint
HEMPSTEAD , N.Y. — Sen. Barack Obama is on offense , and Sen. John McCain on defense , and the next 19 days offer little chance of a change in that dynamic .
With the markets in turmoil and the real economy starting to suffer , Obama will spend the final 19 days working to connect with voters who are “ voting their pocketbooks , voting their interests , ” said Gov. Jennifer Granholm ( D - Mich . ) .
He ’ll be making that case , however , on what has long been Republican turf .
The Democrat heads out Friday on what aides are calling a “ red state tour , ” taking in Virginia , Missouri , North Carolina and Florida .
Advertisement
“ They ’re all states that are trending blue , ” said Rep. Rahm Emanuel ( D - Ill . ) .
“ Offense , offense , offense . ”
And Obama is weighing broadening a map that already appears big and red into four more states .
A top adviser , former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle , said Obama is considering expanding his active campaign back into North Dakota and Georgia , from which he ’d shifted resources , and into the Appalachian heartland of West Virginia and Kentucky .
“ Those states are much more in play than they were a week ago , ” Daschle said .
Obama , who spent much of September pounding McCain with attacks on his health care plan and on his ties to President Bush , is also moving his message into safer , more comfortable turf .
He ’ll be airing more positive and biographical advertisements in the closing days , chief strategist David Axelrod said .
The campaign Wednesday launched a new ad , set in a classroom , in which Obama reminds voters of his own humble roots and talks about the importance of education and his education plans .
Meanwhile , McCain will retreat to set up defensive bulwarks , in a last - ditch strategy of red state hold ‘em .
The Republican National Committee ’s independent expenditure arm signaled this move before the debate Wednesday , going off the air in Wisconsin and prepping ad buys in Colorado and Missouri .
Seven of the eight states the committee is airing ads in were won by Bush in 2004 , the exception being Pennsylvania .
The goal now for McCain is to find a formula relying almost entirely on red states , a strategy that leaves little margin for error but is his only hope , with polls showing him down double - digits in virtually every blue state .
“ If you look at the Republican - leaning states , North Carolina , Virginia , Florida , Missouri , you get to 260 , ” explained McCain political director Mike DuHaime .
“ Then you got to put together 10 [ more electoral votes ] .
It could be a win in Pennsylvania brings you over , it could be run the table in the Southwest , Iowa and Colorado , Minnesota by itself .
There is no shortage of pathways if you hold those big Republican states . ”
Despite public polls showing McCain trailing by double - digits in Pennsylvania , DuHaime insisted the state was still competitive .
“ Look at the Obama schedule last week , ” he said , noting that the Illinois senator , vice presidential nominee Joe Biden , and Hillary and Bill Clinton were all in the state .
McCain makes his second trip there this week Thursday and will then race to secure those must - win states DuHaime spoke of this weekend , making stops in Florida , North Carolina and Virginia .
But McCain aides are now acknowledging that they will be badly outspent by Obama , and that the Democrat ’s decision to opt out of public financing is worth the price he paid in a few days of criticism in the press .
“ One thing Barack Obama has ensured is that no one will ever use the public financing system again , ” said McCain senior adviser Matt McDonald .
“ Obama has destroyed the system . ”
As for what McCain will say , campaign aides did n’t say Bill Ayers would be dropped , but they did suggest that character attacks against Obama would not dominate the final days .
Asked if the economy would be the focus , McCain manager Rick Davis fired back : “ It always has been . ”
“ I mean , all the time that everybody has been ranting and raving about Bill Ayers , our advertising has included economics and the vast majority of our speeches have been about economics , ” he said .
“ You guys have narratives that you follow , but we do n’t necessarily have to buy into them . ”
Obama ’s campaign , though , seems willing to engage McCain ’s attacks .
In the debate , Obama all but baited McCain into mentioning his relationship with Ayers , the ‘ 60s radical .
He mentioned McCain ’s attacks before McCain brought them up and tried to link it to allegations that the Democratic community group ACORN is engaged in voter fraud .
Obama ’s aides say they ’re puzzled that McCain continues to spend time and advertising money on attacks that polls suggest have n’t found their mark .
“ Most Americans do n’t have the faintest idea of what ACORN is .
They think it ’s something that falls from a tree .
‘ Bill Ayers ’ is just a name , ” said Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) .
“ I do n’t see any value in it . ”
McCain aides also promised that voters would hear even more from “ Joe the Plumber , ” the Ohioan who questioned Obama on his economic plans earlier this week and was made famous by McCain Wednesday night .
“ He puts a face on Barack Obama ’s tax increases and puts a face on why Barack Obama is bad for the economy , ” said McDonald .
“ That ’s what we ’re going to drive in the couple of days ahead . ”
In the 1989 movie " Weekend at Bernie's , " a pair of young executives create the illusion that their dead boss is still alive to keep a party going .
That 's not too far from the premise of this weekend 's Treasury bailout of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the mortgage giants that have become financial zombies .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson wants to prop up the walking dead so the world keeps buying their mortgage - backed securities .
His action may calm jittery credit markets , and it may get the companies through the current mortgage ...
Functional Programming with Overloading and Higher - Order Polymorphism
Functional Programming with Overloading and Higher - Order Polymorphism
Abstract :
The Hindley / Milner type system has been widely adopted as a basis for statically typed functional languages .
One of the main reasons for this is that it provides an elegant compromise between flexibility , allowing a single value to be used in different ways , and practicality , freeing the programmer from the need to supply explicit type information .
Focusing on practical applications rather than implementation or theoretical details , these notes examine a range of extensions that provide more flexible type systems while retaining many of the properties that have made the original Hindley / Milner system so popular .
The topics discussed , some old , but most quite recent , include higher - order polymorphism and type and constructor class overloading .
Particular emphasis is placed on the use of these features to promote modularity and reusability .
Close friend , Marine Mark Bathgate , said : “ Alex will be greatly missed by all those who knew him , but will never be forgotten by those who thought so much of him .
Alex Lucas - True Gent . ”
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Crash site investigators found human remains in the wreckage of Steve Fossett ’s small plane on a remote California mountain , the head of the National Transportation Safety Board said on Thursday .
Mark Rosenker , acting NTSB chairman , told Reuters by telephone that search crews had found a “ very small ” amount of human remains amid the airplane ’s debris .
He declined to provide details , adding that local officials will be responsible for examining the remains .
“ It will be taken by the sheriff and the coroner and they will do the work , ” Rosenker said .
Earlier at a news conference he noted that a judge had declared Fossett dead .
Fossett vanished after taking off on September 3 of last year from an airstrip in Nevada .
“ Our job is to determine what happened on the mountain , ” Rosenker said .
Crash site investigators confirmed the wreckage of a small plane found on a remote California mountain belonged to lost adventurer Fossett as searchers raced against a coming snowstorm to find the remains of the presumed - dead millionaire .
Parts of the plane scattered over a 10,000 - foot high debris field will be loaded onto a helicopter early on Friday , but it could be six months before the cause of the accident is known , Rosenker said at the news conference .
Local officials were more blunt , saying it appeared to be a violent and direct crash that destroyed the plane .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
“ It ’s not intact by any means ...
It looks like a very high impact crash , ” said Shannon Kendall , a spokeswoman for the Mono County Sheriff ’s Department .
The plane ’s engine was 300 feet away from what remained of its fuselage , she said .
An extensive search was conducted for Fossett , 63 , who went missing after taking off in a single - engine Bellanca Citabria Super Decathlon on September 3 , 2007 , from the airstrip of hotel magnate Barron Hilton ’s ranch in Nevada .
He did not file a flight plan but friends said he was going on a casual pleasure flight .
Dr Sam Parnia , an intensive care doctor who is heading the study , said : " If you can demonstrate that consciousness continues after the brain switches off , it allows for the possibility that the consciousness is a separate entity .
WASHINGTON , DC – CNN reports that US Senate voted to pass the $ 700 billion bailout .
The Senate roll call reveals that they decided to amend ( or massively “ earmark , ” you decide ) HR 1424 and approved by a vote of 74 - 25 .
HR 1424 is titled the “ Paul Wellstone Mental Health and Addiction Equity Act of 2007 ” but do NOT let the name fool you , although the references to ' mental health ' and ' addiction ' are indeed so fitting !
HR 1424 is just a rehash of the HR 3997 “ Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 ” that was barely rejected by this House roll call 228-205 on Monday , amid reports that 85 - 95 % contacted their Congressman that they were NOT in favor of the bill .
The text of the HR 3997 bill is here from the LA Times , but I warn you its 110 pages long , and if you think your Congressman and Senators fully understand it , I have some WaMu shares at $ 1 to sell you .
CNN notes several changes were made in HR 1424 to try to appeal to get House Republicans to defect , who were widely responsible for killing HR 3997 .
What is important is to realize that all of the below earmarks are completely irrelevant when compared to the scope and magnitude of the $ 700 billion bailout 's effect on the economy – it is just typical DC drug dealing .
Increase the FDIC insured balance minimum from $ 100 K to $ 250 K , while authorizing the Treasury to compensate the FDIC for any losses .
This is being done to generate confidence in a banking system that is in the beginning of a severe meltdown , but I opine it might have the opposite effect intended , which is to stem withdrawals .
[ You can read my conservative FDIC - banking tips in this article “ WaMu Gets the FDIC WHAM- O ! “ ]
Extend a several renewable energy tax breaks for individuals and businesses , including a deduction for the purchase of solar panels .
[ Solar panels should work out great after we have all lost our jobs , but then we wo n't have any income for the government to tax , so who cares ? ]
Extends tax breaks for research and development credit for businesses and the IRS credit that allows individuals to deduct state and local sales taxes on their federal returns .
Relief for one more year from the AMT Alternative Minimum Tax , which would have robbed millions of middle - class Americans from even more of their earned wages , which is confiscated on an annual basis by the IRS .
CNNMoney notes the “ debate over extending AMT relief is an annual political ritual . ”
Senators Barack Obama and John McCain ( of course ) both voted in support of the bill .
President Bush , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , and Secretary of Treasury Henry Paulson are all avid , some would even say panicked , supporters .
I think its important to note that I think all of these people are trying to do what 's best for the country , but they are all dinosaurs !
They all live in a Keynesian world that after 37 years is finally wobbling crazily towards a true Austrian free market economy , which you can learn about by reading this series “ The Money Matrix – Prelude ( PART 1/15 ) . ”
The central banks and governments are struggling to maintain continued command control of the world economy and increased regulations on the market – when actually the regulation that is necessary is needs to be slapped on THEM !
My general summary of this bailout for you is that some banks will bailed out as because the US Treasury will buy their bad , illiquid mortgage - related debt with taxpayer money ( remember , no one ELSE wants to buy them ! ) .
Of course the European Union Central Bank and UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown and many other foreign investors are screaming for this relief , as it will help bail them out too .
Some Americans think this bill will help some Americans pay their mortgage .
Although I disagree with this socialist idea , this is a outright lie .
Read the bill !
Or listen to both the bill 's sponsor , Senator Christopher Dodd ( D - CT ) and Henry Paulson ; they have agreed that “ the proposal will not help a single family save their home . ”
( Photo link )
Some Americans think that a bailout will enable the banks to offer credit once again .
This is also a lie , although it 's possible this would improve perhaps until just after the presidential election !
but do not take my word for it .
There is a plethora of opinions out there , some even in favor .
However , almost all of the pro-bailout faction claim this is a “ necessary evil , ” but in my humble opinion after reading all I could of both sides and having studied the economic history for the past 100 years intensively , this is the exact same behavior that launched us into the bloody Great Depression .
Right now we have a choice between a probable 12 - 18 month recession or a momentary respite followed by a multi-year Great Depression Part Deux .
This is NOT to say that we should not take other actions , my stance is simply that the $ 700 billion Paulson Plan is the work of economic morons .
Paulson should resign in disgrace immediately .
Here 's why .
To put the numbers in some perspective , $ 700 billion is $ 0.7 trillion .
Our Gross National Product is about $ 15 trillion , so we are literally spending 5 % of the entire economic output of the United States to buy and hold illiquid debt from banks and investment banks .
[ GNP is the annual total economic output of all American firms , regardless of their location in the world . ]
In another way , the entire monetary supply of the United States ( M3 ) is estimated at $ 14 trillion by the expert economist John Williams , and confirmed by many others .
Again , $ 0.7 trillion is about 5 % of the total value .
In another way , all of the United States cash and coin circulation in the entire world outside of banks is $ 777 billion per the Federal Reserve 's M1 statistic , so we are literally bailing out the system with almost as many dollars that exist on the planet in Joe and Jane Public 's pockets .
[ Dealing with such vast sums is tough even for experienced economists which I am not , by the way .
I am just an engineer , what do we know ? ]
On that note , you do n't have to trust me completely , here is an article from fellow Nolan Chart columnist Jim Quinn “ On Board the USS Titanic . ”
Jim does strategic financial planning professionally .
Here is an article titled “ The Big Bank Job – The Insanity of the $ 700 Billion Giveaway ” from Michael Hudson , a former Wall Street economist that was formerly employed by Chase Manhattan Bank .
He was the Dennis Kucinich 's Chief Economic Advisor during Kucinich 's recent presidential campaign .
( So this means Kucinich is not a socialist after all ? 🙂
Do n't trust those guys ?
Here 's what Ron Paul has to say on the House floor and after the Monday House vote .
Do n't trust Ron Paul either ?
Well then trust the former Secretary of Treasury that Bush fired in 2002 since he would not submit to the type of sinful behavior that Goldman Sachs investment bank CEO Henry Paulson ( see my article “ Henry Paulson – A Quick Look at the Man “ ) committed that LED to this whole mess .
This October 1 Bloomberg article quotes ex-Secretary of Treasury Paul O'Neill as saying : ( photo link )
“ None of [ the Senators ] are returning phone calls .
I honestly do n't think they really understand it and they 're so much in a bubble that it 's impossible to penetrate it .
If they pass this thing , it 's awful what the consequences are going to be in terms of an ongoing federal relationship that does n't need to exist with the institutions .
Are we going to insist on having a federal representative on boards of directors to protect our investment ?
“ We have no capacity in the federal government and it's not possible to create a capacity to manage a $ 700 billion property portfolio , '' said O'Neill , who was chairman of Alcoa Inc. , the largest U.S. aluminum producer , from 1987 to 2000 .
“ It 's crazy .
It 's like we 've lost our moorings . ''
“ Does n't this seem like lunacy to you ? ''
O'Neill asked his interviewer .
“ The consequences of it are unbelievably bad in terms of public intrusion into the private sector . ''
“ Is anybody thinking there ? '' asked O'Neill , who also served as deputy budget director in the Ford administration .
“ It 's too late , it 's not going to make any difference and it's aggravating as hell when there 's a better idea and you can't even get it in play , '' he said , recognizing little success so far in pitching his own proposal .
You can read about O'Neill 's idea in the Bloomsberg article .
O'Neill and free market economists like Vern McKinley [ see update below ] are also cranking on ideas to save our economy , but they need more time !
This bailout will destroy all their efforts and bring a economic cyanide - sweettooth - suicide - type - doom upon us all !
[ Although there is something you can do in my humble opinion , try this article “ Save Ron Paul 's Voice – A Money Matrix Addendum . ”
Also Mr. O'Neill wrote in his book , The Price of Loyalty , claims Bush 's economic policies were irresponsible and the war in Iraq was planned from the very first National Security Council meeting , well before 9/11 .
I agree the real start date of the Global War of Terror was not 9/11 , which is a subject of one of my upcoming articles . ]
WHAT TO DO
Do n't screw around , get this done or our country is toast !
( That is , if you want to 🙂
Go to this campaign .
DownsizeDC's mission is a limited government , which you can read about here .
Login or start a new account and send both your Representative and Senators a letter from this campaign .
It can all be done in one letter , which DownsizeDC has formatted to allow you to add your personalized comments .
This service is free and should take about 5 minutes .
Next , the same DownsizeDC page that sends the letter also has the phone numbers of your US Representative and both Senators .
First priority is to call the Representative and make your opinion known .
You can view how they voted the on the first Paulson Plan bailout by checking the roll call above .
Second priority is to thank or criticize your Senators on their votes by calling them ( see roll call above ) .
I realize this step will take some of your personal time , and you have my personal thanks if you agree and care enough to do this .
Third step is to join www.CampaignForLiberty.com if you like .
This only takes 1 minute .
In case you have not heard the news , we are going to change this nation with a Revolution .
Here is a new short clip , “ A Nation in Peril ” that reviews the country 's situation and our plans to fix it .
The website mission page is here .
Please recognize this is just one ( quite important ! ) battle , there are plenty more to be waged against the Federal Reserve 's actions , which are outside of Congressional control .
However , a victory here will help send the message to Congress and the indeed the world that the American people have had enough of their abuse .
No matter what the result of the House vote is , we must fight on .
Normally I would wax philosophically about how the Senate is subverting the Constitutional process , but we do NOT have the time for that !
I 've interrupted my vacation to write this , I admit I did not expect that Senate vote , but as that is mostly consisting of reading and writing a few other articles , it 's perfectly OK .
This missive was important enough to me to drop everything and complete .
You see , We the People Must … .
FIGHT BACK !
Jake , the Champion of the Constitution
www.CampaignForLiberty.com
[ Reach the Author Here ! ]
10/4/08 Of course this bailout did pass on Friday 10/3 .
Here is my article on that .
Fight the Gestapo Tactics of our Congress , McBama , and Bush with Ron Paul and I
Published : October 3 , 2008
A plea to readers on the passing of the Paulson Plan , Ron Paul 's Congressional statement today , my recommended actions to take , and in support of BJ Lawson for Congress .
Just updated with a link to and discussion on the 442 - page bailout !
We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America .
As always , unlike the NFL , the author grants full permission to allow any accounts of , rebroadcasts , retransmissions , repostings in part or full of this article to your blog or anywhere else in order to promote the Restoration of our Republic .
Veritas numquam perit .
Veritas odit moras .
Veritas vincit .
Truth never perishes .
Truth hates delay .
Truth conquers .
I never noticed , until I focused
On everything you did , you said ,
You lit the fuse inside my head !
Thank you for reminding me of why I 'm sick inside !
Thank you for the venom , did you think it would paralyze ?
These scars I scratch , I tear are there under my skin
Where you 've always been
Thank you for reminding me to sin with a grin !
– from Shinedown , “ Sin with a Grin ” If seeking truth is treason in the empire of lies , I am one happy sinner .
Spit the venom back out !
I do n't need you to be by my side to tell me that everything 's alright .
I just wanted you to tell me the truth .
You know I 'd do that for you .
So why are you running away ?
What is it i have to say to make you admit you 're afraid ?
Why are you running away ?
– from Hoobastank 's “ Running Away “
________________________________________________________________
The RTC Then and the FDIC and Fed Today by Vern McKinley
Now that the House has voted down the Paulson bailout , it is time to abandon the fear - mongering and imaginary cost estimates that accompanied it and fall back on the marketplace and existing government infrastructure to address the problems of the financial sector .
Over the past few weeks , those who held leadership positions in government during our last bout with financial turmoil in the 1980s and 1990s ( Nicholas F. Brady , Eugene A. Ludwig , Paul A. Volcker , William Seidman and David C. Cooke ) weighed in to endorse the Paulson bailout , or what they called a resurrection of the Resolution Trust Corporation ( RTC ) .
It is ill - advised to make any analogies between the proposed Paulson bailout and the RTC .
The Paulson plan is unprecedented in its pre-emptive approach and heavy focus on avoiding both bank failures and recession through direct taxpayer funding .
As to bank failures , there should be a clear exit policy that takes poorly - managed banks out of the financial system .
This was clearly demonstrated by the RTC which was created to transition the assets of 747 such institutions back to the open market .
The Paulson bill tries to prevent failures before they happen at potentially extraordinary cost to taxpayers .
As to recession , it is unlikely that we will avoid one through legislation as was the case with the 1990 - 91 recession that ensued shortly after the RTC ’s creation in 1989 .
The lesson to take away from the RTC is that government should not hold assets and gamble that they will someday go up in value as the Paulson bailout envisions , but should take a transitional role in leveraging the market by selling institutions and assets out of receivership as quickly as possible , as the RTC did .
The Paulson approach will only put off the process of clarifying market prices for the overhang of toxic mortgage related assets .
There are two established government mechanisms already in place to address this crisis without rolling out a dramatic new effort : the Fed ’s lender of last resort role and federal deposit insurance .
One of the jobs of the FDIC , the Fed , and the other banking supervisors is to identify which banks are illiquid , but financially solvent and which banks are illiquid , but financially insolvent .
The former are candidates for Fed lender of last resort loans , the latter should be closed and sent on to the FDIC to quickly transition their assets back to the market , just as the RTC once did .
In extraordinary cases , illiquid and insolvent institutions can receive open bank assistance from the FDIC to keep them operating , as was done in the 1980s with Continental Illinois and recently with Wachovia .
When it comes to bank failures , the FDIC ’s resources should be the first line of defense before taxpayer funds are put at risk .
As of an announcement just a few weeks ago , the FDIC estimated that $ 10 billion of potential losses were in their portfolio of banks as of June 30 .
But half of that $ 10 billion of potential losses was tied to the failure of IndyMac , which failed in July .
Since June 30 there have been two other very large resolutions .
Washington Mutual was resolved through sale to JPMorgan Chase and Wachovia was acquired by Citigroup , both at zero estimated cost to the FDIC .
So as of now approximately $ 45 billion still remains in the deposit insurance fund and under law increases in premiums can raise billions more to further bolster the fund .
Of course the situation remains very fluid and there may be new failures on the horizon , but the FDIC deposit insurance fund absorbed stress as it flirted with insolvency in the early 1990s and so far it has absorbed the stress of this crisis .
This crisis had its genesis in government policy pushing people into mortgages through leveraging of Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , the Community Reinvestment Act , HUD and FHA programs , as well as other distortions .
The market needs to settle on prices for these mortgage - related assets and it will not do that until it takes over in its job of price clearing .
Some short - term pain and gyrations may be necessary to unwind these distortions , but what we do n’t need is layer upon layer of government interventions and distortions that will take five or ten years to fully unwind .
Vern McKinley worked at the RTC and its Oversight Board from 1990 to 1995 and the FDIC during the banking crisis of the 1980s .
He currently advises central banks and deposit insurers worldwide on their operations .
If you have any other ideas , you can email Vern at vern@mckinleyforcongress.com
________________________________________________________________
Other Recent Articles by the Author
The Sun Sets in New York
Published : October 1 , 2008
The Sun , an alternative conservative / right - wing New York newspaper , shut down yesterday .
However , the real Sun may be setting on much more than a newspaper .
Some headlines from the Great Depression for your consideration .
HEY !
CONGRESS !
Al - Qaeda does NOT have an Air Force !
Published : September 30 , 2008
The US House Committee on Foreign Affairs chaired a meeting published as “ Defeating al - Qaeda 's Air Force : Pakistan 's F - 16 Program in the Fight Against Terrorism . ”
The Champion of the Constitution reports on what this meeting covered , what it really demonstrated , and how it connects with the dream of Ron Paul , Dwight Eisenhower , myself and who knows ?
perhaps even you .
A Speech Barack Obama Could Give to Win the Presidency , Ron Paul , and Carroll Quigley 's “ Tragedy and Hope ”
Published : September 28 , 2008
Senator Obama , free of charge here is a speech you could use to beat McCain .
Also , a comment and request for your opinion on Ron Paul 's reference to the historian Carroll Quigley 's Tragedy and Hope .
Spill a Soda , Go to Jail for a Year
Published : September 27 , 2008
The latest strange - but - true antics of oppression from our dear Police State .
Check out the story of the infamous soda - spiller at a Veteran 's Affairs Hospital in Idaho .
A Money Matrix Addendum : Citigroup and GATA Call for an End to the Suppression of the Gold Market
Published : September 22 , 2008
The Suppression of the Gold Market Goes Mainstream , Thanks to Citigroup .
And a few interesting back - of - envelope calculations about where the price of gold could go .
US Treasury Seizes Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac !
And What It Means
Published : September 8 , 2008
“ You poor kid , there have been centuries of philosophers plotting to turn the world into just that – to destroy people 's minds by making them believe that that 's what they are seeing .
But you do n't have to accept it .
You do n't have to see through the eyes of others , hold on to yours , stand on your own judgment , you know what that is , IS – say it aloud , like the holiest of prayers , and do n't let anyone tell you otherwise . ”
– Ayn Rand
They hit me with a truck .
The guy from " Labyrinth " just turned into a bird !
Dr. Owen Gingerich , an astronomer and historian of astronomy at Harvard , said he believed that Copernicus could have developed the ideas independently , but wrote in Scientific American that the whole idea of criticizing Ptolemy and reforming his model was part of '' the climate of opinion inherited by the Latin West from Islam . ''
The Decline of the East
Despite their awareness of Ptolemy 's flaws , Islamic astronomers were a long ways from throwing out his model : dismissing it would have required a philosophical as well as cosmological revolution .
'' In some ways it was beginning to happen , '' said Dr. Ragep of the University of Oklahoma .
But the East had no need of heliocentric models of the universe , said Dr. King of Frankfurt .
All motion being relative , he said , it was irrelevant for the purposes of Muslim rituals whether the sun went around the Earth or vice versa .
From the 10th to the 13th century Europeans , especially in Spain , were translating Arabic works into Hebrew and Latin ''as fast as they could , '' said Dr. King .
The result was a rebirth of learning that ultimately transformed Western civilization .
Why did n't Eastern science go forward as well ?
'' Nobody has answered that question satisfactorily , '' said Dr. Sabra of Harvard .
Pressed , historians offer up a constellation of reasons .
Among other things , the Islamic empire began to be whittled away in the 13th century by Crusaders from the West and Mongols from the East .
Christians reconquered Spain and its magnificent libraries in Córdoba and Toledo , full of Arab learning .
As a result , Islamic centers of learning began to lose touch with one another and with the West , leading to a gradual erosion in two of the main pillars of science -- communication and financial support .
In the West , science was able to pay for itself in new technology like the steam engine and to attract financing from industry , but in the East it remained dependent on the patronage and curiosity of sultans and caliphs .
Further , the Ottomans , who took over the Arabic lands in the 16th century , were builders and conquerors , not thinkers , said Dr. El - Baz of Boston University , and support waned .
'' You can not expect the science to be excellent while the society is not , '' he said .
Others argue , however , that Islamic science seems to decline only when viewed through Western , secular eyes .
'' It 's possible to live without an industrial revolution if you have enough camels and food , '' Dr. King said .
( CNN ) -- A 6 - foot - 4 football player is more than a million times the size of a typical Staphylococcus bacterium .
But under the right conditions , that athlete could find himself defenseless against the microscopic bug .
Kellen Winslow recently had a second staph infection and has accused his team of covering it up .
The problem came to the forefront last week with Cleveland Browns player Kellen Winslow , who recently had his second staph infection .
He is reportedly the sixth player to acquire staph among the Browns in five years .
Winslow recently said the Browns treated him like a " piece of meat " when he was hospitalized for the condition , and he claimed they covered up the cause of his illness .
After Winslow spoke out , the organization suspended him for one game , then rescinded the suspension after a settlement with Winslow over the weekend .
The Browns said in a statement Saturday that the team and Winslow had worked through their differences , and that the team looked forward to his return .
Winslow joined the team again Monday .
Peyton Manning of the Indianapolis Colts was revealed to have a staph infection , the Indianapolis Star reported Friday .
University of North Carolina - Asheville fans also recently learned that Kenny George , the 7 - foot - 7 center on the basketball team , had a staph infection complication that led to part of his foot being amputated .
It 's unclear how these high - profile athletes acquired their infections , but locker rooms have been found to habor staph bacteria in previous outbreaks .
The topic is generating buzz throughout the sports world as more players ' staph cases are revealed .
Hospitals have long been known to be hot spots for transmitting staph , but recently cases have cropped up in other community settings .
Regardless of where these players got their infections , the close quarters of a locker room raise questions about overall risks .
About 30 percent of people carry staph in their noses without exhibiting symptoms , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Do n't Miss CDC : Questions and answers about MRSA among athletes
Experts say Methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA , a form of staph resistant to common antibiotics , has become a more prevalent problem in settings such as contact sports that involve skin - to - skin touching .
Most MRSA infections acquired in community settings present themselves as sores or boils and often appear red , swollen , painful or with drainage such as pus , the CDC says .
Infections often occur in cuts and abrasions but also on body parts covered in hair , such as the back of the neck , armpit or groin .
Schools , prisons and other crowded environments are particularly known for transmitting MRSA , said .
Elaine Larson , professor of epidemiology at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health .
MRSA may spread particularly easily among athletes because they have repeated skin - to - skin contact , share items and surfaces that touch skin and have a hard time staying clean , the CDC says .
Athletes often get cuts and abrasions ; MRSA can enter uncovered skin breaks and cause infection .
Dr. James Steinberg , medical director at Emory University 's Crawford Long Hospital in Atlanta , Georgia , said that environment plays a role in the spread of MRSA but that it 's less a factor than coming into contact with a person 's skin .
" If you have somebody who has an infection -- he has a draining infection -- and he gets some of his pus on a bench , that staph 's going to be there for hours or days before it dries out , " he said .
" But the higher concentration is going to be on that person 's skin . "
A second infection in the same person could result from re-exposure or from treatment that did n't get rid of the bacteria colonization , he said .
MRSA has been around in hospital settings since the 1970s , but community - associated MRSA was born in the late 1990s , and is now widespread in the community , said CDC spokesperson Nicole Coffin .
A report from the CDC said that the deaths of four children from MRSA in North Dakota and Minnesota during the late 1990s " demonstrate the potential severity of community - acquired MRSA infections . "
A study on the St. Louis Rams published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2003 found that during the 2003 football season , there were eight MRSA infections among five of the 58 Rams players .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Staph infections
To protect against MRSA , the CDC recommends practicing good personal hygiene and taking care of your skin , which includes wearing protective clothing and covering cuts and abrasions with clean , dry bandages .
Also , do not share items that come into contact with your skin , such as towels , razors and ointments .
Put something between your skin and shared equipment -- for example , sit on a towel on a bench .
Larson said she is not directly familiar with Winslow 's situation but understands the dilemma that a team would face if a player contracted a staph infection .
There could be economic and psychosocial repercussions -- for example , another team might not want to play against that one , she said .
But in general , other team members should be made aware of the situation so they do not share towels or engage in other behaviors that might transmit the infection .
Still , there is a danger of overreaction , she said .
In some instances when a child in a public school has died , the whole school panicked and fumigated the facility , she said .
" It 's a good idea to avoid that level of fear , because it 's costly and it scares people unnecessarily , " she said .
On Thursday , the Brown 's General Manager Phil Savage said the team did not alert players to Winslow 's staph infection partly because of the health privacy laws and partly because the team was in " game mode " when Winslow had a confirmed diagnosis .
" To come out and talk about that just was going to be another distraction , " Savage said on his regular weekly appearance on WTAM radio in Cleveland , Ohio .
" That 's our job , is to limit distractions as much as we can . "
Winslow said in a statement released through his publicist , Denise White of EAG Sports Management , that he had been discouraged from making the issue public .
" This has nothing to do with football , and this has nothing to with my current contract situation , " he said .
" This is a health concern . "
A spokesperson for the Browns did not return a request for comment .
An NFL representative said the league has no statement on the issue .
All About Staph Infections • Football
From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
Coordinates :
The My Lai Massacre ( pronunciation ( help·info ) , approximately [ mi.˧˩˥' lɐːj˧˧ ] ) ( Vietnamese : thảm sát Mỹ Lai ) was the mass murder of 347 to 504 unarmed citizens of the Republic of Vietnam ( South Vietnam ) , almost entirely civilians and some of them , women and children , conducted by U.S. Army forces on March 16 , 1968 .
Some of the victims were sexually abused , beaten , tortured , or maimed , and some of the dead bodies were mutilated .
[ 1 ]
The massacre took place in the hamlets of Mỹ Lai and My Khe of Sơn Mỹ village during the Vietnam War . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
The My Lai Massacre was an operation of the Phoenix Program . [ 4 ]
The incident prompted widespread outrage around the world .
The massacre also reduced U.S. support at home for the Vietnam War .
Three U.S. servicemen who made an effort to halt the massacre and protect the wounded were sharply criticized by US Congressmen , received hate mail , death threats and mutilated animals on their doorsteps .
[ 5 ]
Only 30 years after the event were their efforts honored . [ 6 ]
The massacre is also known as the Sơn Mỹ Massacre ( Vietnamese : thảm sát Sơn Mỹ ) or sometimes as the Song My Massacre . [ 7 ]
The U.S. military codeword for the hamlet was Pinkville . [ 8 ]
edit ]
The incident
“ He fired at [ the baby ] with a .45 .
He missed .
We all laughed .
He got up three or four feet closer and missed again .
We laughed .
Then he got up right on top and plugged him . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] ”
edit ] Background
Charlie Company of 1st Battalion , 20th Infantry Regiment , 11th Brigade , 23rd Infantry Division ( the Americal Division ) , arrived in South Vietnam in December 1967 .
Their first month in Vietnam passed without any direct enemy contact .
Nevertheless , by mid-March the company had suffered 28 incidents involving mines or booby - traps which caused injuries and five deaths .
During the Tet Offensive of January 1968 , attacks were carried out in Quảng Ngãi by the 48th Battalion of the NLF ( National Front for the Liberation of South Vietnam , commonly referred to by the Americans as the Viet Cong or Victor Charlie ) .
U.S. military intelligence postulated that the 48th NLF Battalion , having retreated , was taking refuge in the village of Sơn Mỹ , in Quang Ngai Province .
A number of specific hamlets within that village — designated My Lai 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 — were suspected of harboring the 48th .
U.S. forces planned a major offensive against those hamlets .
Colonel Oran K. Henderson urged his officers to " go in there aggressively , close with the enemy and wipe them out for good . " [ 12 ] Lieutenant - Colonel Frank A. Barker ordered the 1st Battalion commanders to burn the houses , kill the livestock , destroy foodstuffs , and perhaps to close the wells . [ 13 ]
On the eve of the attack , at the Charlie Company briefing , Captain Ernest Medina informed his men that nearly all the civilian residents of the hamlets in Sơn Mỹ village would have left for the market by 07:00 and that any who remained would be NLF or NLF sympathizers . [ 14 ]
He was also asked whether the order included the killing of women and children ; those present at the briefing later gave different accounts of Medina 's response .
Some of the company soldiers , including platoon leaders , later testified that the orders as they understood them were to kill all guerrilla and North Vietnamese combatants and " suspects " ( including women and children , as well as all animals ) , to burn the village , and pollute the wells . [ 15 ]
Charlie Company was to enter the hamlet , spearheaded by its 1st Platoon .
The other two companies that made up the task force were to cordon off the village .
edit ] Killings
Photo by Ronald L. Haeberle Dead man and child .
“ Some of the people were trying to get up and run .
They could n't and fell down .
This one woman , I remember , she stood up and tried to make it — tried to run — with a small child in her arms .
But she did n't make it .
” — Army photographer Ronald Haeberle [ 16 ]
Charlie Company landed following a short artillery and helicopter gunship preparation .
The Americans found no enemy fighters in the village on the morning of March 16 .
Many soldiers suspected there were NLF troops in the village , hiding underground in the homes of their elderly parents or their wives .
The U.S. soldiers , one platoon of which was led by Second Lieutenant William Calley , went in shooting at a " suspected enemy position " .[ citation needed ]
After the first civilians were killed and wounded by the indiscriminate fire , the soldiers soon began attacking anything that moved , humans and animals alike , with firearms , grenades and bayonets .
The scale of the massacre only spiraled as it progressed , the brutality increasing with each killing .
BBC
News described the scene :
“ Soldiers went berserk , gunning down unarmed men , women , children and babies .
Families which huddled together for safety in huts or bunkers were shown no mercy .
Those who emerged with hands held high were murdered .
...
Elsewhere in the village , other atrocities were in progress .
Women were gang raped ; Vietnamese who had bowed to greet the Americans were beaten with fists and tortured , clubbed with rifle butts and stabbed with bayonets .
Some victims were mutilated with the signature " C Company " carved into the chest .
By late morning word had got back to higher authorities and a cease - fire was ordered .
My Lai was in a state of carnage .
Bodies were strewn through the village . [ 1 ] ”
Dozens of people were herded into an irrigation ditch and other locations and killed with automatic weapons . [ 17 ]
A large group of about 70 to 80 villagers , rounded up by the 1st Platoon in the center of the village , were killed personally by Calley and by soldiers he had ordered to fire .
Calley also shot two other large groups of civilians with a weapon taken from a soldier who had refused to do any further killing .
Members of the 2nd Platoon killed at least 60 – 70 Vietnamese people , as they swept through the northern half of My Lai 4 and through Binh Tay , a small subhamlet about 400 meters north of My Lai 4 . [ 2 ]
After the initial " sweeps " by the 1st and the 2nd Platoons , the 3rd Platoon was dispatched to deal with any " remaining resistance " .
They immediately began killing every still - living human and animal they could find , including shooting the Vietnamese who emerged from their hiding places , and finishing off the wounded found moaning in the heaps of bodies .
The 3rd Platoon also rounded up and killed a group of seven to twelve women and children . [ 2 ]
Since Charlie Company had encountered no enemy opposition , 4th Battalion , 3rd Infantry Regiment , was moved into its landing zone between and attacked the subhamlet of My Khe 4 , killing as many as 90 people .
U.S. forces lost one man killed and seven wounded from mines and booby traps . [ 2 ]
During the next two days , both battalions were involved in additional burning and destruction of dwellings , and in the mistreatment of Vietnamese detainees .
Most of the soldiers had not participated in the crimes , but neither protested nor complained to their superiors . [ 18 ]
“ " I would say that most people in our company did n't consider the Vietnamese human " . [ 19 ] ”
edit ]
Helicopter intervention
“ It looks like a bloodbath down there !
What the hell is going on ?
” — Unidentified helicopter pilot over My Lai [ 20 ]
Warrant Officer One Hugh Thompson , Jr. , a helicopter pilot from an aero- scout team , witnessed a large number of dead and dying civilians as he began flying over the village — all of them infants , children , women and old men , with no signs of draft - age men or weapons anywhere .
Thompson and his crew witnessed an unarmed passive woman kicked and shot at point - blank range by Captain Medina ( Medina later claimed that he thought she had a grenade ) .
[ 21 ]
The crew made several attempts to radio for help for the wounded .
They landed their helicopter by a ditch , which they noted was full of bodies and in which there was movement .
Thompson asked a sergeant he encountered there ( David Mitchell of the 1st Platoon ) if he could help get the people out of the ditch , and the sergeant replied that he would " help them out of their misery " .
Thompson , shocked and confused , had then a conversation with Second Lieutenant Calley , Platoon Leader of 1st Platoon , who claimed to be " just following orders " .
As the helicopter took off , they saw Mitchell firing into the ditch .
Thompson then saw a group of civilians ( again consisting of children , women and old men ) at a bunker being approached by ground personnel .
Thompson landed and told his crew that if the U.S. soldiers shot at the Vietnamese while he was trying to get them out of the bunker that they were to open fire at these soldiers .
Thompson later testified that he spoke with a lieutenant ( identified as Stephen Brooks of the 2nd Platoon ) and told him there were women and children in the bunker , and asked if the lieutenant would help get them out .
According to Thompson , " he [ the lieutenant ] said the only way to get them out was with a hand grenade " .
Thompson testified that he then told Brooks to " just hold your men right where they are , and I 'll get the kids out " .
He found 12 to 16 people in the bunker , coaxed them out and led them to the helicopter , standing with them while they were flown out in two groups .
Returning to My Lai , Thompson and other air crew members noticed several large groups of bodies .
Spotting some survivors in the ditch Thompson landed again and one of the crew members entered the ditch .
The crew member returned with a bloodied but apparently unharmed child who was flown to safety .
The child was thought to be a boy , but later investigation found that it was a 4 - year - old girl .
Thompson then reported what he had seen to his company commander , Major Watke , using terms such as " murder " and " needless and unnecessary killings " .
Thompson 's reports were confirmed by other pilots and air crew . [ 22 ]
In 1998 , three former U.S. servicemen who stopped their comrades from killing a number of villagers , significantly reducing casualties at My Lai , were awarded medals in Washington D.C. [ 23 ]
The veterans also made contact with the survivors of My Lai .
edit ] Aftermath
Photo by Ronald L. Haeberle Dead bodies outside a burning dwelling .
“ I did not see anyone alive when we left the village .
” — Private First Class Robert Maples [ 20 ]
Owing to the chaotic circumstances and the Army 's decision not to undertake a definitive body count , the number of civilians killed at My Lai can not be stated with certainty .
Estimates vary from source to source , with 347 and 504 being the most commonly cited figures .
The memorial at the site of the massacre lists 504 names , with ages ranging from one to 82 years .
A later investigation by the U.S. Army arrived at a lower figure of 347 deaths , the official U.S. estimate . [ 24 ]
edit ] Cover - up and investigations
The first reports claimed that " 128 Vietcong and 22 civilians " were killed in the village during a " fierce fire fight " .
General William C. Westmoreland , MACV commander , congratulated the unit on the " outstanding job " .[ citation needed ]
As related at the time by the Army 's Stars and Stripes magazine , " U.S. infantrymen had killed 128 Communists in a bloody day - long battle . "
Initial investigations of the My Lai operation were undertaken by the 11th Light Infantry Brigade 's commanding officer , Colonel Henderson , under orders from the Americal Division 's executive officer , Brigadier General George H. Young .
Henderson interviewed several soldiers involved in the incident , then issued a written report in late April claiming that some 22 civilians were inadvertently killed during the operation .
The army at this time was still describing the events at My Lai as a military victory that had resulted in the deaths of 128 enemy combatants .
Six months later , Tom Glen , a 21 - year - old soldier of the 11th Light Infantry Brigade , wrote a letter to General Creighton Abrams , the new overall commander of U.S. forces in Vietnam , accusing the Americal Division ( and other entire units of the U.S. military ) of routine and pervasive brutality against Vietnamese civilians .
The letter was detailed and its contents echoed complaints received from other soldiers .
Colin Powell , then a 31 - year - old Army Major , was charged with investigating the letter , which did not specifically reference My Lai ( Glen had limited knowledge of the events there ) .
In his report Powell wrote : " In direct refutation of this portrayal is the fact that relations between Americal ( sic ) [ 25 ] soldiers and the Vietnamese people are excellent . "
Powell 's handling of the assignment was later characterized by some observers as " whitewashing " the atrocities of My Lai . [ 26 ]
In May 2004 , Powell , then United States Secretary of State , told CNN's Larry King , " I mean , I was in a unit that was responsible for My Lai .
I got there after My Lai happened .
So , in war , these sorts of horrible things happen every now and again , but they are still to be deplored . " [ 27 ]
The carnage at My Lai might have gone unknown to history if not for another soldier , Ron Ridenhour , a former member of Charlie Company , who , independently of Glen , sent a letter detailing the events at My Lai to President Richard M. Nixon , the Pentagon , the State Department , the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and numerous members of Congress . [ 28 ]
The copies of this letter were sent in March 1969 , a full year after the event .
Most recipients of Ridenhour 's letter ignored it , with the notable exception of Congressman Morris Udall ( D - Arizona ) .
Ridenhour learned about the events at My Lai secondhand , by talking to members of Charlie Company while he was still enlisted .
Eventually , Calley was charged with several counts of premeditated murder in September 1969 , and 25 other officers and enlisted men were later charged with related crimes .
It was another two months before the American public learned about the massacre and trials .
Independent investigative journalist Seymour Hersh , after extensive conversations with Calley , broke the My Lai story on 12 November 1969 ; on 20 November , Time , Life and Newsweek magazines all covered the story , and CBS televised an interview with Paul Meadlo .
The Cleveland Plain Dealer published explicit photographs of dead villagers killed at My Lai .
As is evident from comments made in a 1969 telephone conversation between United States National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger and Secretary of Defense Melvin Laird , revealed recently [ when ? ] by the National Security Archive , the photos of the war crime were too shocking for senior officials to stage an effective cover - up .
Secretary of Defense Laird was heard to say , " There are so many kids just lying there ; these pictures are authentic . " [ citation needed ]
In November 1969 , General William R. Peers was appointed to conduct a thorough investigation into the My Lai incident and its subsequent cover - up .
Peers ' final report , published in March 1970 , was highly critical of top officers for participation in a cover - up and the Charlie Company officers for their actions at My Lai 4 . [ 29 ]
According to Peers 's findings :
[ The 1st Battalion ] members had killed at least 175 – 200 Vietnamese men , women , and children .
The evidence indicates that only 3 or 4 were confirmed as Viet Cong although there were undoubtedly several unarmed VC ( men , women , and children ) among them and many more active supporters and sympathizers .
One man from the company was reported as wounded from the accidental discharge of his weapon . [ 2 ]
However , critics of the Peers Commission pointed out that it sought to place the real blame on four officers who were already dead , foremost among them being the CO of TF Barker , LTC Frank Barker , who was killed in a mid air collision on June 13 , 1968 .
edit ]
Courts martial
On 17 March 1970 , the United States Army charged 14 officers , including Major General Samuel W. Koster , the Americal Division 's commanding officer , with suppressing information related to the incident .
Most of those charges were later dropped .
Brigade commander Henderson was the only officer who stood trial on charges relating to the cover - up ; he was acquitted on December 17 , 1971 . [ 30 ]
After a 10 - month - long trial , in which he claimed that he was following orders from his commanding officer , Captain Medina , William Calley was convicted , on September 10 , 1971 , of premeditated murder for ordering the shootings .
He was initially sentenced to life in prison .
Two days later , however , President Nixon made the controversial decision to have Calley released from prison , pending appeal of his sentence .
Calley 's sentence was later adjusted , so that he would eventually serve four and one - half months in a military prison at Fort Benning . [ 31 ]
In a separate trial , Captain Medina denied giving the orders that led to the massacre , and was acquitted of all charges , effectively negating the prosecution 's theory of " command responsibility " , now referred to as the " Medina standard " .
Several months after his acquittal , however , Medina admitted that he had suppressed evidence and had lied to Colonel Henderson about the number of civilian deaths . [ 32 ]
Most of the enlisted men who were involved in the events at My Lai had already left military service , and were thus legally exempt from prosecution .
In the end , of the 26 men initially charged , Calley 's was the only conviction .
Some have argued that the outcome of the My Lai courts - martial was a reversal of the laws of war that were set forth in the Nuremberg and Tokyo War Crimes Tribunals . [ 33 ]
Those tribunals set a historic precedent , establishing the principle that no one may be excused from responsibility for war crimes because they were " following orders " .
Secretary of the Army Howard Callaway was quoted in the New York Times as stating that Calley 's sentence was reduced because Calley honestly believed that what he did was a part of his orders — a rationale that stands in direct contradiction of the standards set at Nuremberg and Tokyo , where German and Japanese soldiers were executed for similar acts .
edit ] Survivors
In the spring of 1972 , the camp ( at My Lai 2 ) where the survivors of the My Lai Massacre had been relocated was largely destroyed by Army of the Republic of Vietnam artillery and aerial bombardment .
The destruction was officially attributed to " Viet Cong terrorists " .
However , the truth was revealed by Quaker service workers in the area , through testimony ( in May 1972 ) by Martin Teitel at hearings before the Congressional Subcommittee to Investigate Problems Connected with Refugees and Escapees .
In June 1972 , Teitel 's account of the events was published in the New York Times . [ 34 ]
More than a thousand people turned out March 16 , 2008 , forty years after the massacre , to remember the victims of one of the most notorious chapters of the Vietnam War .
The memorial drew the families of the victims and returning U.S. war veterans alike . [ 35 ]
edit ] Effects and analysis
The explosive news of the massacre fueled the outrage of the antiwar movement , which demanded the withdrawal of American troops from Vietnam .
It also led more potential draftees to file for conscientious objector status .
Those who had always argued against the war felt vindicated ; those on the fringes of the movement became more vocal .
The more pivotal shift , however , was in the attitude of the general public toward the war .
People who previously had not been interested in the peace / war debates began to analyze the issue more closely .
The horrific stories of other soldiers began to be taken more seriously , and other abuses came to light .
Some military observers concluded that My Lai showed the need for more and better volunteers to provide stronger leadership for the troops .
As the Vietnam conflict dragged on , the number of well trained and experienced career soldiers on the front lines dropped sharply as casualties and combat rotation took their toll .
These observers claimed the absence of the many bright young men who avoided military service through college attendance or homeland service caused the talent pool for new officers to become very shallow . [ 36 ]
They pointed to Calley , a young , unemployed college dropout , as an example of the raw and inexperienced recruits being rushed through officer training .
Others pointed out problems with the military 's insistence on unconditional obedience to orders while at the same time limiting the doctrine of " command responsibility " to the lowest ranks .
Others saw My Lai and related war crimes as a direct result of the military 's attrition strategy , with its emphasis on " body counts " and " kill ratios " .
The fact that the massacre was successfully covered up for 18 months was seen as a prime example of the Pentagon 's " Culture of Concealment " and of the lack of integrity that permeated the Defense establishment .
And the fact that Calley was the only officer convicted led many to see him as a scapegoat .
edit ]
Those involved
“ Calley and Meadlo were firing at the people .
They were firing into the hole .
I saw Meadlo firing into the hole .
Q : Well , tell me , what was so remarkable about Meadlo that made you remember him ?
A : He was firing and crying .
Q : He was pointing his weapon away from you and then you saw tears in his eyes ?
A : Yes . ” — Private First Class Robert Maples [ 37 ]
edit ] Commanders
Frank A. Barker — Lieutenant Colonel , commander of the Task Force Barker , ordered the destruction of the village , controlled the artillery preparation and combat assault from his helicopter , was killed in Vietnam on Jun 13 1968 , before the investigation had begun . [ 2 ] [ 38 ]
Stephen Brooks — Lieutenant , Platoon Leader of 2nd Platoon , Charlie Company .
William L. Calley , Jr. — 2nd Lieutenant , Platoon Leader of 1st Platoon , Charlie Company , the only person convicted of murder .
Oran K. Henderson — Colonel , brigade commander who ordered the attack , had been in the helicopter over My Lai . [ 2 ]
Samuel W. Koster — Major General , commanding officer of the Americal Division , charged with cover - up of the incident .
Eugene Kotouc — Captain from military intelligence , provided some of the information on which the My Lai combat assault was based ; together with Medina and a Vietnamese police officer , tortured and executed suspects later that day . [ 18 ]
Ernest Medina — Captain , company commander of Charlie Company , who planned , ordered , and supervised the execution of the operation in Sơn Mỹ village . [ 39 ]
edit ] 1st Platoon
Some of the soldiers of the 1st Platoon , Charlie Company , included :
Michael Bernhardt — a sergeant , refused to participate in the killing of civilians and was threatened by Medina to not attempt to expose the massacre by writing to his congressman , and as a result he was allegedly given more dangerous duties such as point duty on patrol . [ 40 ]
Later he would help expose and detail the massacre in numerous interviews with the press , and also served as a prosecution witness in the trial of Ernest Medina where he was subjected to intense cross examination by defense council F Lee Bailey .
Recipient of 1970 ' Ethical Humanist Award ' . [ 41 ]
Later he would help expose and detail the massacre in numerous interviews with the press , and also served as a prosecution witness in the trial of Ernest Medina where he was subjected to intense cross examination by defense council F Lee Bailey .
Recipient of 1970 ' Ethical Humanist Award ' .
Herbert Carter — platoon tunnel rat , claimed he shot himself in the foot in order to be MEDEVACed out of the village .
Dennis Conti — testified he initially refused to shoot but later fired some M79 grenade launcher rounds at a group of fleeing people with unknown effect .
James Dursi — killed a mother and child , refused to kill anyone else even when ordered .
Ronald Grzesik — a team leader , said he followed orders to round up civilians but refused to kill them .
Robert Maples — stated to have refused to participate .
Paul Meadlo — said he was afraid of being shot if he did not participate .
Lost his foot to a land mine the next day , later publicly admitted his part in the massacre .
David Mitchell — a sergeant , accused by witnesses of shooting people at the ditch site ; pleaded not guilty .
Mitchell was acquitted .
His attorney was Ossie Brown of Baton Rouge , thereafter the district attorney of East Baton Rouge Parish . [ 42 ]
Varnado Simpson — committed suicide in 1997 , citing guilt over several murders committed in My Lai .
Charles Sledge — radio operator , later prosecution witness .
Harry Stanley — claimed to have refused to participate .
Esequiel Torres — previously had tortured and hanged an old man because Torres found his bandaged leg suspicious ; he and Roschevitz were involved in the shooting of a group of ten women and five children in a hut , later he was ordered by Calley to shoot a number of people with M60 machine gun and he fired a burst before he refused to fire again , after which Calley took his weapon and opened fire himself .
Frederick Widmer - along with Mitchell , he shot a group of 15 people and admitted to shooting a boy with a wounded arm as a ' mercy killing ' , which was witnessed by photographer Ronald Haeberle .
According to Herbert Carter , Widmer enjoyed killing people and killed a woman and her child .
Carter also described him as ' Medina 's pet cat ' and testified that he had also photographed corpses . [ 43 ]
edit ]
Other soldiers
Charlie Company , the unit deployed in My Lai 4 on the day of the massacre led by 2LT Calley , was one of at least three that swept My Lai 4 .
William Doherty and Michael Terry — soldiers in the 3rd Platoon who killed the wounded in the ditch . [ 28 ]
Ronald L. Haeberle — photographer attached to the 11th Brigade information office who accompanied C Company .
Nicholas Capezza — chief medic in Charlie Company , insisted he saw nothing unusual .
Sergeant Minh — ARVN interpreter confronted CPT Medina when he entered the hamlet on why so many civilians had been killed .
CPT Medina replied : " Sergeant Minh , do n’t ask anything — those were the orders . " [ 44 ]
Gary Roschevitz — grabbed an M16 rifle from Varnado Simpson to kill 5 Vietnamese prisoners [ 45 ] , later according to various witnesses he forced seven women to undress with the intention of them performing sex with him , when the women refused he reportedly shot them . [ 46 ]
edit ]
Rescue helicopter
Intervention helicopter 's crew consisted of :
Hugh Thompson , Jr. — Warrant Officer
One , helicopter pilot , confronted the ground forces personally .
Glenn Andreotta — Specialist Four , crew chief .
Lawrence Colburn — Specialist Four , door gunner .
30 years later the crew was decorated for their actions at My Lai with Soldier 's Medals , the U.S. non-combat heroism awards ( Andreotta , who was killed in action over Vietnam shortly after the events at My Lai , received the medal posthumously ) .
edit ] Photographs
The massacre , like many other operations in Vietnam , was captured by photography by U.S. Army personnel .
The most published and graphic photos were taken by Ronald Haeberle , a U.S Army ' Public Information Detachment ' photographer who accompanied the men of Charlie company that day .
Some of the ( black and white ) photographs he took were made using an Army camera and were either subject to censorship or did not depict any Vietnamese casualties when published in an Army newspaper .
On the other hand , Haberele took color photographs with his own camera while on duty the same day , which he kept and later sold to the media .
Another soldier , John Henry Smail , 3rd Platoon , took at least 16 color photographs depicting U.S. Army personnel , helicopters , and aerial views of My Lai . [ 47 ]
These , along with Haeberles photographs were included in the ' Report of the Department of the Army review of the Preliminary Investigations into the My Lai Incident ' .
Roger Louis Alaux , artillery lieutenant who was with CPT Medina during the massacre , also took some photographs that day , including aerial views of My Lai from a helicopter and of the LZ .
Unidentified dead Vietnamese woman .
Unidentified dead Vietnamese man .
Unidentified dead body thrown down a well .
SP5 Capezza burning a dwelling .
PFC Mauro , PFC Carter , and SP4 Widmer ( Carter shot himself in the foot with a .45 pistol during the My Lai Massacre ( either accidentally or intentionally ) ) .
SP4 Dustin setting fire to a dwelling .
Unidentifed Vietnamese man .
More victims at My Lai. Photo by Ronald L. Haeberle
edit ] Media
In 1989 the British television station Yorkshire Television broadcast the documentary Four Hours in My Lai as part of the ITV network series First Tuesday .
Using eyewitness statements from both Vietnamese and Americans the programme revealed new evidence about the massacre .
Oliver Stone planned to start production on a film titled Pinkville [ 48 ] about the investigation of General Peers into the My Lai Massacre , [ 3 ] featuring Bruce Willis ( as General William Peers ) , Woody Harrelson ( as Col. Henderson ) .
However , United Artists halted its December 2007 production start because of the 2007 –2008 Writers Guild of America strike .
edit ]
See also
edit ] References
edit ]
Further reading
EA posted a profits warning , despite a 40 % rise in sales Video game publishing giant Electronic Arts ( EA ) is to shed more than 500 jobs , after the firm announced lower than expected profits for the year .
Nearly 20 % of its share value was wiped out after the profit warning , with its shares closing at $ 22.78 .
EA said that higher development and marketing costs , as well as delays to the latest Harry Potter video game , were to blame .
However , this was offset by the success of titles such as Spore and NFL 09 .
We are very bullish on the game sector overall
John Riccitiello , EA chief executive
With the majority of game sales taking place in the run up to Christmas , EA 's chief financial officer Eric Brown sounded a note of caution .
" We have heard that retailer foot traffic is down in general , " he said .
EA said the job cuts , which amount to nearly 6 % of its work force , would be spread across all functions and locations , and it did not rule out compulsory redundancies .
" Considering the slowdown at retail we 've seen in October , we are cautious in the short term , " said John Riccitiello , EA 's chief executive .
" Longer term , we are very bullish on the game sector overall and on EA in particular . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bottom left : Megeleledone setebos , endemic to the Southern Ocean , surrounded by related octopus species that evolved in the deep - sea .
An astounding batch of new deep - sea discoveries , from strange shark behavior to gigantic bacteria , was announced today by an international group of 2,000 scientists from 82 nations .
The Census of Marine Life is a 10 - year project to determine what 's down there .
Among the new findings :
A large proportion of deep sea octopus species worldwide evolved from common ancestor species that still exist in the Southern Ocean .
Octopuses started migrating to new ocean basins more than 30 million years ago when , as Antarctica cooled and a large icesheet grew , nature created a " thermohaline expressway , " a northbound flow of tasty frigid water with high salt and oxygen content .
Isolated in new habitat conditions , many different species evolved ; some octopuses , for example , losing their defensive ink sacs — pointless at perpetually dark depths .
The finding will be reported Nov. 11 in the journal Cladistics .
Scientists also discovered what they 're calling a White Shark Café : Satellite tags revealed a previously unknown behavior of white sharks traveling long distances each winter to concentrate in the Pacific for up to six months .
During these months , both males and females make frequent , repetitive dives to depths of 300 yards , which researchers theorize may be significant in either feeding or reproduction .
In the eastern South Pacific , researchers found a diverse set of giant , filamentous , multi-cellular marine bacteria .
They may be " living fossils " that developed in the earliest ocean when oxygen was either absent or much diminished , living on the toxic gas hydrogen sulfide , the scientists said .
Another survey found frequent examples of gigantism common in Antarctic waters .
The researchers collected huge scaly worms , giant crustaceans , starfish and sea spiders as big as dinner plates .
Among the other discoveries that will be revealed at a meeting this week in Spain :
The first record of abundant and diverse comb jellies under Arctic pack ice .
Surprising richness of species in many deep - sea locations , including the Celebes Sea in the southern Philippines and several deep canyons .
At least 85 new species of zooplankton , small drifting and swimming marine animals .
Scientists estimate there are at least 1 million species of marine organisms on Earth .
But as of now , only about 230,000 are known .
This is the fourth report from the Census of Marine Life since the project began in 2000 .
A final report will be issued in 2010 .
" The release of the first Census in 2010 will be a milestone in science , " said Ian Poiner , chair of the Census 's International Scientific Steering Committee and Chief Executive Officer of the Australian Institute of Marine Science .
" After 10 years of new global research and information assembly by thousands of experts the world over , it will synthesize what humankind knows about the oceans , what we do n't know , and what we may never know – a scientific achievement of historic proportions . "
Bill Maher has a panel of guests , Martin Short , Ben Affleck , and Bernie Sanders .
The panel weighs in on “ Joe the Plumber ” , talks about how John McCain use to be , and all the Campaign Smears .
Share this : Facebook
Print
Reddit
Twitter
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Its director , Paul Woolley , said : " Initially , we almost felt sorry for the campaign , as its difficulties showed that there were not many atheists in Britain , and certainly not many who were willing to put their hands into their pockets .
But when we saw the message , we could n't believe it .
Nitrogen is a small and simple web framework for Erlang .
It sits on top of Yaws , Mochiweb , or Inets and provides a robust , event - driven platform for creating dynamic Ajax web applications .
Stay tuned , the code and documentation will be online in early November .
Nitrogen was created by Rusty Klophaus .
For more information , contact nitrogenframework@gmail.com
A year ago , France 's new president raced around Europe looking frenetic .
Nicolas Sarkozy 's wife had left him , critics pointed to a lack of discipline and a royal style of rule – a man who moved but did n't shake – and his popularity nosedived .
This week Mr. Sarkozy worked with President Bush to set up a series of meetings to reform the global economy , and he's now off to Asia to broach the idea of bringing India and China together with G - 8 nations in a " Bretton Woods II " framework of economic rules .
This comes just weeks after he moved with alacrity to broker a cease - fire deal to end the Georgia - Russia war .
Critics still point to Sarkozy 's proclivity to turn politics into a show and to unashamedly take credit whenever possible .
Yet in the space of a summer he has consolidated his power and blended substance with showmanship , and is now winning praise as a crisis leader in a more multipolar world .
" I think today that everyone , even those who had misgivings , acknowledge that [ Sarkozy ] not only has great political energy , but also exceptional leadership qualities , " commented José Manuel Barroso , the EU chief who accompanied Sarkozy to Camp David this weekend .
The French president 's peripatetic style is proving useful for a major crisis with multiple elements – which plays into his ability to do many things at once .
He 's been blessed with good political winds : with Russia 's invasion of Georgia , and with US world stock at an ebb , it is Europe 's hour at a time when the EU presidency is held by France .
Europe boldly took the lead in response to the global financial crisis by offering a plan devised by Gordon Brown and , later , Sarkozy that recapitalized banks to aid the economy .
While the White House moved quickly to propose a $ 700 billion bailout , it finally adopted Europe 's plan to address liquidity and agree to a series of Bretton Woods - style meeting after the US presidential elections on Nov. 4 .
Sarkozy has quickly adopted a bully pulpit for Europe and its traditionally more measured approach to markets .
In Strasbourg Tuesday , speaking to the European Parliament , he stated that Europe " must carry the idea of a new foundation of global capitalism .
What happened [ with toxic assets and derivatives that created a credit crisis ] was a treason of the values of capitalism , " he said .
" The market economy itself is not called into question . "
France moved this week to lend 10.5 billion euros ( $ 14.12 billion ) to six banks to boost their capital reserves .
Man of action
" He can walk into a crisis and take action .
That 's what a leader does ; it 's what Sarkozy is good at , " says a former French political consultant to the prime minister 's office .
" He chases down an answer , he does n't let it go .
The 27 EU nations need someone who gets an agreement .
We are in a crisis , and he stayed calm amid serious market fear .
With no crisis , it might be a different story . "
Sarkozy has had issues with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , whose aides complained that Sarkozy would step in and steal headlines and the hard - earned thunder of a German leader who did her homework when Germany led the EU in 2007 .
But German newspapers , such as the conservative Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung , and German analysts have praised quick French action in mediating between Russia and Georgia , and point to Sarkozy 's good faith bargaining in the final hours of the crucial Lisbon Treaty to unify Europe last year , where he and Ms. Merkel achieved a historic agreement .
" He 's become more of a diplomat and political manager than a personality show , " argues Henning Riecke of the Berlin - based German Council of Foreign Relations .
There 's been some back and forth between the British and French press over who deserves the lead position in Europe on the credit crisis , Gordon Brown – who Nobel laureate Paul Krugman said " saved the world " with his plan – or Sarkozy .
But the spat does n't appear to be originating at the top .
Cool in a crisis ?
It was as a cool crisis manager that Sarkozy first came to broad attention in France .
As mayor of the tony Paris suburb of Neuilly in 1993 , Sarkozy faced a hostage situation where a man calling himself the " human bomb " entered a nursery school with a rifle and explosives .
Sarkozy went directly into the school , negotiated with the disturbed man , and walked out surrounded by the children .
The police later shot the man ; but no one had seen a politician act like this before .
Still , a year ago after a hard - fought campaign , Sarkozy looked like the incredible shrinking president .
His marriage had collapsed , he faced strikes by transport workers that shut down France 's subway system , and efforts to create a " tax shield " for wealthy French citizens was deeply unpopular in a country where vanishing " purchasing power " was on many French lips .
Monsieur ' bling bling '
Sarkozy was criticized for lavish vacations , for garish " bling bling " tastes , for putting his personal life in front of the media as he courted supermodel Carla Bruni , whom he later married .
His approval rating fell from 65 to 32 percent .
A rude epithet by Sarkozy to a critic at a farm show outside Paris was posted on YouTube in February .
Even in July , hopes for a glorious French presidency of the EU that would bring a ratification of the Lisbon Treaty looked dashed , as Ireland refused to ratify it .
He faced pressure in August after a Taliban attack killed nearly a dozen French troops .
Yet what the prime ministers of Denmark and Luxembourg have called Sarkozy 's " intensity " in negotiating with Moscow , and with Washington in pushing a European model of reform – has put Sarkozy 's approval up to 49 percent [ Editor 's note :
The original version misidentified prime ministers of Denmark and Luxembourg ] .
Even columnists like Jean Quatremer , for the left - wing Liberation , not a bastion of Sarkozy support , have been feeling pride in the president 's achievements : " Apart from the British , " Quatremer wrote this week , " who have always had a hard time acknowledging positive developments from the continent in general , and France in particular , everyone is seduced by Sarkozy 's activism and ability to compromise . "
" A lot of this moment could be as in the past , public relations and spin " says a long time Parisian commentator , pointing out that in Sarkozy 's negotiations with Russian President Medvedev last month , both men emerged with dramatically different accounts of what had been decided .
" We 'll have to wait and see . "
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – According to newly released military documents , the Navy applied lawless Guantánamo protocols in detention facilities on American soil .
The documents , which include regular emails between brig officers and others in the chain of command , uncover new details of the detention and interrogation of two U.S. citizens and a legal resident – Yaser Hamdi , Jose Padilla and Ali al - Marri – at naval brigs in Virginia and South Carolina .
The documents were obtained under the Freedom of Information Act by the Allard K. Lowenstein International Human Rights Clinic at Yale Law School and the American Civil Liberties Union .
" Guantánamo was designed as a law - free zone , a place where the government could do whatever it wanted without having to worry about whether it was legal , " said Jonathan Freiman , an attorney with the Lowenstein Clinic at Yale .
" It did n't take long for that sort of lawlessness to be brought home to our own country .
Who knows how much further America would have gone if the Supreme Court had n't stepped in to stop incommunicado detentions in 2004 ? "
According to the documents , Navy officers doubted the wisdom of applying Guantánamo rules on American soil .
In particular , officers expressed grave concern over the effects of the solitary confinement imposed upon the three men detained at the brigs , a practice that was considered to be even more extreme than the isolation imposed at Guantánamo .
Navy officers also exhibited frustration with the Defense Department 's unwillingness to provide the detainees with access to legal counsel or any information about their fates .
" The application of Guantánamo protocols on U.S. soil is incredibly significant and indicates how far the administration has gone in terms of suspending the law , " said Jonathan Hafetz , a staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project .
" The Bush administration has long argued that detainees held in Guantánamo are not entitled to any constitutional protections – an argument the Supreme Court has recently rejected .
But this is not even Guantánamo – we are talking about creating prisons beyond the law right here in America . "
The documents clearly show that the standard operating procedure developed for Guantánamo Bay governed every aspect of detentions at the two bases inside the United States .
Though Navy personnel tried several times to improve the harsh conditions under which Hamdi , Padilla and al - Marri were detained , senior Defense Department officials repeatedly denied the requests .
Padilla and al - Marri have reported being subjected to many of the brutal interrogation techniques used at Guantánamo Bay that included sleep deprivation , painful stress positions , prolonged isolation , extreme sensory deprivation , and threats of violence and death .
That regime , it now appears , was the product of an effort to extend " Guantánamo rules " to prisons inside the United States .
Although the newly released military documents include mandatory " weekly updates " on the three men for certain periods , the weekly updates pertaining to Padilla and al - Marri for most of 2002 - 2004 – the period during which the two were being detained incommunicado and interrogated – were not released , but were also not reported as withheld or as missing , suggesting the possibility that Guantánamo - like interrogations were taking place .
Last month , the ACLU urged the U.S. Supreme Court to review the Bush administration 's authority to indefinitely imprison al - Marri without charge or trial .
The ACLU asked the Court to reverse a federal appeals court decision that gave the president sweeping power to deprive individuals in the United States , including American citizens , of their most basic constitutional rights .
The newly released documents are available online at : www.aclu.org/safefree/detention/37040res20081006.html
The Guantánamo Standard Operating Procedure is available online at : www.aclu.org/safefree/detention/37043lgl20030328.html
Fair Trade Coffee . Certified Humane Raised and Handled Chicken .
Organic everything .
Anyone not living under a rock in a remote , sandy location for the last five years has seen the prodigious rise to prominence of eco-labels at their local grocery store .
You may not pay these little badges much attention , or if you do , you may be wondering what the heck they mean .
Read them or not , the badges of virtue on everything from cereal to chicken to laundry detergent are bound to get more prevalent , and represent an attempt by many companies to find a niche in an ever - expanding food and food products market .
Join me for a stroll down the aisles as we try to decipher what these insistent insignias truly stand for .
Let ’s start with an easy one ( please note the sarcasm , as it is surely merited ) after the jump :
The National Organic Program ( NOP ) has a fairly long ( relatively speaking ) and sordid history , of which you ’re welcome to read about in the NOP ’s Reading Room on their website .
I ’ll try and be brief here , and stick to the important stuff .
There are no less than four ways that you can buy a product that has been certified organic ( and I bet you thought there was only one ! ) .
“ 100 Percent Organic ” – Everything in the packaged product , or a single ingredient product , has to be certified organic , even the “ processing aids ” .
It ’s interesting that the labeling requirements for 95 % organic products and 100 % organic products are the same , except the 100 % products can say “ 100 % organic ” .
You ’ll see the seal on these products .
“ Organic ” – Basically the same as above , except 5 % of the product ( by weight ) can be nonorganic ingredients not commercially available in organic form .
Same label , probably the same street cred .
Oh , and for you wine drinkers , no additional sulfites ( there are some sulfites produced by fermentation ) can be added .
The USDA seal can be slapped on these products as well .
“ Made with Organic Ingredients ” – has to contain at least 70 % organic ingredients , no sulfites allowed unless it ’s sulfur dioxide in wine ( wine drinkers , pay attention here , they can use diatomaceous earth as a filtering aid .
That is , diatoms in your wine . ) according to 7 CFR 205.605 – great bedside reading by the way .
Important note here : you ca n’t use the USDA seal on your product .
Ever .
“ This product has some organic ingredients ” ( really ) – contains less than 70 % organic ingredients , and if you name which ones are organic on the ingredients list , you can claim it on the package .
No USDA seal on these products either .
Want to make a quick buck and slap an organic seal on your nonorganic cereal or bottle of juice ?
There ’s a hefty civil penalty of up to $ 11,000 for messing with that seal , so you can take it on pretty good authority that most products with the seal are telling the truth .
Clear ?
Good .
Let ’s try a couple more :
Certified Humane Raised and Handled is a certification and labeling program that is the only animal welfare label requiring the humane treatment of farm animals from birth through slaughter .
Certified Humane Raised and Handled Means :
Animals have ample space , shelter and gentle handling to limit stress .
Does food that experiences less stress taste better ?
Why not find out ?
Animals have access to ample fresh water and a healthy diet of quality feed , without added antibiotics or hormones .
I know , I know – getting free antibiotics from your chicken seems like a heckuva deal , but subtherapeutic antibiotics may not be good for the health of the animals or people .
Cages , crates and tie stalls are among the forbidden practices , and animals must be free to do what comes naturally .
For example , chickens are ale to flap their wings and dust bathe , and pigs have the space to move around and root .
This is a really progressive concept – allowing animals to behave like …animals .
Brilliant !
I do n’t know about you , but I like my chicken to taste like chicken .
What better way to do it than to let the chicken act like one !
These are general descriptions of their standards .
For more information , you can view the standards for each species of livestock online , after providing some registration information .
Or , you can take a look at the standards as compared to other humane labeling standards .
The certified humane raised and handled standards are based on the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals standards , as well as scientific research , veterinary advice , and the experience of farmers .
The standards committees are made up of university professors and members of other non-profit organizations like the ASPCA .
Of note , the standards stipulate that mammals are not fed any mammalian or avian protein by - products ( i.e. , feeding cattle to cattle ) aside from milk or milk products like whey , a common feed for hogs .
This is good if , say , you do n’t want to risk getting a prion disease like Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy ( mad cow disease ) .
For broiler chickens , they are not permitted to be housed in cages or live on slatted or wire floors , reducing stress on the animal .
The standards also include rules for slaughter and packing which take into account the animal ’s biology and comfort levels to reduce stress .
So , if you want to know that your meat has been raised on a wholesome diet , led a relatively low - stress life , and allowed to act like its biological self , Certified Humane Raised and Handled might be the way to go .
Transfair , the certifying agency , claims to be the only independent , third - party fair trade certifier in the U.S. , and is a member of Fairtrade Labelling ( sic ) Organizations International ( FLO ) .
The organization started certifying with coffee in 1998 , and has branched out to tea and herbs , cocoa and chocolate , fresh fruit , sugar , rice , vanilla , flowers and honey .
Fair prices : Organized farmer groups get a guaranteed price for their goods , and are also eligible for credits pre-harvest .
Imagine that – paying a fair price for goods so that farmers can count on being able to put food on the table after they spent all day harvesting food for someone else .
Organized farmer groups get a guaranteed price for their goods , and are also eligible for credits pre-harvest .
Imagine that – paying a fair price for goods so that farmers can count on being able to put food on the table after they spent all day harvesting food for someone else .
Fair labor conditions : Workers on Fair Trade farms enjoy freedom of association , safe working conditions , and living wages .
Forced child labor is strictly prohibited .
A living wage .
What a novel idea !
Workers on Fair Trade farms enjoy freedom of association , safe working conditions , and living wages .
Forced child labor is strictly prohibited .
A living wage .
What a novel idea !
Direct trade : Importers purchase from Fair Trade producer groups as directly as possible , eliminating unnecessary middlemen and empowering farmers to strengthen their organizations and become competitive players in the global economy .
Given that the middleman is cut out , this allows you to get more of a direct line on where your food comes from .
Neat .
Importers purchase from Fair Trade producer groups as directly as possible , eliminating unnecessary middlemen and empowering farmers to strengthen their organizations and become competitive players in the global economy .
Given that the middleman is cut out , this allows you to get more of a direct line on where your food comes from .
Neat .
Democratic and transparent organizations : Fair Trade farmers and farm workers decide democratically how to use their Fair Trade premiums .
A democracy that acts like one !
Fair Trade farmers and farm workers decide democratically how to use their Fair Trade premiums .
A democracy that acts like one !
Community development : Fair Trade farmers and farm workers invest Fair Trade premiums in social and business development projects like health care , new schools , quality improvement trainings , and organic certification .
Stronger communities may help to build better , more responsible farms and farmers in rural areas that have few other sources of revenue .
Sounds good .
Fair Trade farmers and farm workers invest Fair Trade premiums in social and business development projects like health care , new schools , quality improvement trainings , and organic certification .
Stronger communities may help to build better , more responsible farms and farmers in rural areas that have few other sources of revenue .
Sounds good .
Environmental sustainability : The Fair Trade certification system strictly prohibits the use of genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) , promotes integrated farm management systems that improve soil fertility , and limits the use of harmful agrochemicals in favor of environmentally sustainable farming methods that protect farmers ’ health and preserve valuable ecosystems for future generations .
If green is the new black , then sustainability is the new green .
Fair Trade gets their standards from FLO , which develops their rules using the input of producers , workers , mission - based companies , conventional traders , labeling initiatives ( like TransFair USA ) , and independent consultants specializing in Fair Trade and labor issues .
You can learn more about the specifics at www.fairtrade.net.
Food Alliance is : a sustainability certification which started as a project between Oregon State University , Washington State University and the Washington State Department of Agriculture .
The group now includes farmers , scientists , food processors and distributors , environmentalists , and even consumers , that work to certify fruit , vegetable , and livestock farms in a way that uses market - based strategies to affect change in the market .
Food Alliance certification involves a “ whole farm ” approach to certification , and the standards they use vary depending on the farm and their products .
Food Alliance uses a third - party organization , International Certification Services , to inspect the sites that they certify .
Food alliance certification involves animal welfare , genetically - modified crops ( GMOs ) , pesticide use , hormones and antibiotics , water conservation , habitat conservation , and other areas of resource use and production at the facilities .
Food Alliance aims to expand their certification and client base in a way that changes the market , making sustainable farming and their certification a desirable goal for farmers and producers .
Hey , what about Rainforest Alliance Certified , Demeter , Marine Stewardship , or some of the other labels I see in the aisles ?
There ’s definitely more where these labels came from ; Oregon Tilth Certified Organic , Salmon Safe , and others .
But all of this labeling can be a bit overwhelming , especially all at once .
In a recent National Geographic article on the problem of soil management in Africa , an interesting acronym was used , MEGO ( My Eyes Glaze Over ) .
Since MEGO can happen quickly when talking about these eco-labels , I ’ll end here .
If you ’re hungry for more , or there ’s a badge on your cereal , hand lotion , or bottle of wine that you ’d like to know more about , check out the Greener Choices Eco-labels Center at greenerchoices.org .
It ’s a good resource with some helpful report card - style information on a number of labels .
And remember , when you ’re shopping , make sure you ’re also thinking .
Image credit : lyzadanger at Flickr under a Creative Commons license
One was a nice Jewish girl , born on Groundhog Day 1955 .
Her parents had survived the Holocaust -- her mother living in the woods with resistance fighters , her father enduring Auschwitz , then Buchenwald .
After the war , they staved off the nightmares the way so many others did -- by building an American life that was neat , clean , unblemished .
Bryna Kane , the oldest of their three children , woke up many mornings to the smell of Lysol .
“ It was a sheltered childhood , ” she said .
“ I could n’t cross the street by myself . ”
She was expected to excel , and she did , studying biochemistry and then becoming -- like her grandmother in Poland , her namesake -- a physician .
The other was born into trouble .
When Maricela Pedroza was 2 , a coyote brought her across the border with a fake birth certificate .
Her father landed in prison , her mother in a cloud of drugs .
By 13 , she was smoking and drinking with the Long Beach street gang Barrio Pobre .
The gang members called her “ Danger . ”
Before her 16th birthday , she was pregnant .
Today , Kane , 53 , lives in an affluent and leafy enclave of Long Beach and wears a Rolex .
Pedroza turned 23 on Thursday ; she lives in an apartment building with graffiti etched into the elevator doors , and her car got stolen last week .
“ An unlikely pair , ” Kane said with a smile .
One thing brought them together one recent morning : a tattoo on Pedroza ’s wrist , three small dots in the shape of a triangle , shorthand on the street for “ My Crazy Life ” -- a life they wanted to put behind her .
They both knew something about tattoos .
Kane ’s parents met after the war at a dance in Los Angeles for refugees .
They settled into a tight - knit community of Jews -- many of them Holocaust survivors and new immigrants known affectionately as “ Greeners ” -- first in Hollywood and then in Long Beach , where her father became a cantor and a rabbi at Temple Beth Shalom .
Many of her parents ’ friends had numbers tattooed on their arms , tattoos that had been applied forcibly by the Nazis .
Some wore long - sleeved shirts .
Others kept them exposed , a reminder of fortitude , of defiance .
“ I was always fascinated by them , ” Kane said .
She saw more tattoos as an adult , with the rise of the gang culture .
“ I do n’t want anyone to think it ’s the same thing , ” she said .
“ But there is a similarity .
You have a mark , and it ’s permanent , a reminder of the past . ”
After medical school , Kane completed a residency in dermatology and , in 1998 , opened the Laser Skin Care Center and Dermatology Associates in Long Beach .
Her partner , Edward Glassberg , had done early research on applying laser technology in dermatology .
Together , they bought a laser designed to remove tattoos .
“ It was just sitting there on the weekends , ” she said .
They launched a program called Erase the Past ; so far , they ’ve helped remove the tattoos of 4,000 at - risk young people , 80 % of them former gang members .
The service is free , though patients are required to do community service in exchange .
“ A lot of these kids are just like me .
Their parents are immigrants , ” Kane said .
“ It ’s just that they were n’t given the direction , the foundation of love that I was . ”
For Pedroza , the street life felt so important back then , and it seems so silly now .
They would gather in Drake Park , hidden away in a rough neighborhood north of downtown Long Beach .
Her friends stole cars and carried guns in their socks .
They taught little boys to make gang symbols with their hands .
She was not a full - fledged gang member , she said ; few girls were .
But she was comfortable with them .
One day at the park , a friend gave her three tattoos , using a sewing needle and the ink of a ballpoint pen .
On her shoulder , she got the name of a friend in the gang .
On her chest she added “ Daddy ’s Little Girl , ” though she did n’t know him well enough to know why he was in prison for much of her life .
On her wrist she got the three dots .
Even now , she struggles to explain what it meant .
“ Just that you ’ve been through stuff , ” she said quietly .
She gave birth to Andy when she was 16 .
“ I grew up .
In one day , ” she said .
“ I was all by myself . ”
She earned her high school diploma and found an apartment ;
Andy has lived in six apartments in his six years .
She reconciled with her mother , who is now sober .
She began studying at Los Angeles Harbor College to become a crime scene investigator , taking a full course load despite working two jobs .
There are other young mothers at the college ; none seem to share her story .
“ I talk to them , ” she said .
“ The things they ’re going through , it ’s more like : ‘ The guy does n’t love me . ’
I did things those girls would be embarrassed to do .
I went to churches and asked for food .
I did things just to survive . ”
The tattoos began to gnaw at her .
Once , they were symbols of pride and community ; she still says it took “ a lot of guts ” to get them .
But , increasingly , she began to see them as stains , as the traces of a girl she did n’t know anymore .
Last year , she signed up for Kane ’s program .
Early on a recent Saturday , she and about 15 other clients met at Long Beach Memorial Medical Center .
They held hands and stood in a circle .
“ This is a country of second chances -- sometimes third or fourth chances , ” the doctor told them .
Pedroza was by no means the worst case there .
One teenager had joined an anarchist group in the desert ; tattoos covered much of her face .
One former gang member had undergone 39 tattoo - removal treatments -- this would be Pedroza ’s eighth -- and he was n’t done yet .
Soon , it was Pedroza ’s turn .
Kane took a look at her tattoos .
“ We ’re making headway , ” she said , patting Pedroza on the leg .
Pedroza hopped up on a gurney .
A technician cranked up the laser up to five joules ;
Kane put on a face mask and went to work ; the laser bit into Pedroza ’s tattoos , and she curled her toes .
After a few minutes , she was done .
She will need a few more treatments for her larger tattoos , but before long , the three dots were gone .
All that remained were small scabs , and those would soon disappear too .
It was the end , it seemed , of her crazy life .
She has moved about a mile from Drake Park and is no longer in the gang ’s turf .
Still , she is close enough that she sees some of her acquaintances from the old days ; every time , she looks away and tries to make sure they do n’t see her .
Her days , meanwhile , are a dizzying blur .
They start at dawn , when she gets
Andy ready for school ; he is an honor - roll student at Lafayette Elementary School .
The days often do not end until 2 a.m. , after her shift as a restaurant hostess .
“ I ’m glad I went through what I went through , ” she said .
“ I used to think everything was easy .
It ’s not . ”
It is nice now to worry merely about the normal stuff -- whether Andy ’s done his homework , whether he sprained his arm when he fell off the monkey bars earlier this week .
“ I think we ’re going to go to the doctor tomorrow , ” she said the other day when she picked Andy up from after - school care , kneeling to look at his swollen right arm .
“ What are they going to do to me ? ” he asked .
“ You ’ll be fine , ” she told him .
They climbed into a rental car her insurance had provided until she could replace her stolen car .
The rental was a 2009 model ;
Andy ran a finger along the pristine upholstery and announced he wanted to keep it .
Pedroza backed out of the driveway .
“ Were you good today ? ”
“ I was bad for a little while , ” Andy said .
“ Then I was great . ”
Pedroza giggled .
“ What a way to finish a day , ” she said , and she drove toward home .
Gold is a Times staff writer .
scott.gold@latimes.com
The house was equipped with a private zoo housing a collection of animals including two tigers and two lions .
Police turned the exotic animals over to prosecutors .
It was unclear what they planned to do with them .
Charts with PHP and Google Charts API
Just yesterday I found out about the Google Charts API and I was impressed by this excellent service but noticed that creating multiple charts got pretty messy , especially if I wanted to edit the data later on .
I figured if I wanted to use this in the future , I ’d like an easier way to create charts out of my data - thus the class GoogChart was born .
What I wanted to do was to simplify the process of calling the API , say I ’ve got my data in an array called $ data :
<?php $ data = array ( ' IE7 ' => 22 , ' IE6 ' => 30.7 , ' IE5 ' => 1.7 , ' Firefox ' => 36.5 , ' Mozilla ' => 1.1 , ' Safari ' => 2 , ' Opera ' => 1.4 , ) ;
So I ’ve got my data , I want it to be presented as a pie chart and be a specific size as well - Rather than to manually edit this into what the API would accept , as well as adding the labels for each of part of the data -
It ’s with GoogChart it ’s as easy as :
<? php $ chart = new googChart ( ) ; $ chart->setChartAttrs ( array ( ' type ' => ' pie ' , ' data ' => $ data , ' size ' => array ( 300 , 200 ) ) ) ; echo $ chart ;
That tiny bit of code generates a Pie chart with all of my data neatly labeled and presented exactly as it should :
But that ’s not all it can do , want to add a title to the chart ?
just add ' title ' =>
' Browser market 2008 ' to $ chart->setChartAttrs .
GoogChart also supports multiple data types , just add each data to its own array within $ data :
<?php $ data = array ( ' February 2008 ' => array ( ' IE7 ' => 22 , ' IE6 ' => 30.7 , ' IE5 ' => 1.7 , ' Firefox ' => 36.5 , ' Mozilla ' => 1.1 , ' Safari ' => 2 , ' Opera ' => 1.4 , ) , ' January 2008 ' => array ( ' IE7 ' => 22 , ' IE6 ' => 30.7 , ' IE5 ' => 1.7 , ' Firefox ' => 36.5 , ' Mozilla ' => 1.1 , ' Safari ' => 2 , ' Opera ' => 1.4 , ) , ) ;
The names of each data set are automatically added as Legends .
Supported attributes :
Type
What kind of chart to create
What kind of chart to create Title
Chart title
Chart title Data
The data to be used in the chart in an array
The data to be used in the chart in an Size
The size of the chart ( Width x Height )
The size of the chart Color
Colors to be used in the chart as array
Colors to be used in the chart as Fill
Fill colors to be used between timelines as array
Fill colors to be used between timelines as Background
Background color of the chart , defaults to #ffffff
Background color of the chart , defaults to LabelsXY
Show or hide X and Y axis labels ( true / false ) ( false by default )
Show or hide X and Y axis labels ( false by default ) Legend
Show or hide a Legend ( true / false ) ( true by default )
Supported types :
Pie
Standard pie chart
Standard pie chart Line
Standard Line chart
Standard Line chart Sparkline
Almost identical to Line , except defaults to no axis lines .
Almost identical to Line , except defaults to no axis lines .
Bar-horizontal
Horizontal bar chart
Horizontal bar chart Bar-vertical
Vertical bar chart
Download
GoogChart
Includes class as well as a short example file .
Disclaimer
GoogChart covers by no means the whole Google Charts API - only the basics for now .
GoogChart is distributed under the MIT license , so feel free to change the class any way you want .
Special thanks
I ’d like to thank my friend Fredrik Holmström for helping me enhance my code .
Enjoy !
13 apr 2008
Andra inlägg
Obama puts the focus on ' J - O - B - S ' David Edwards
Published : Monday October 13 , 2008
Print This Email This Democrat Barack Obama rolled out a new plan Monday to get the stricken US economy back on its feet as he vied to drive home his growing poll advantage over Republican White House rival John McCain .
Obama said , " Today I 'm proposing a number of steps that we should take immediately to stabilize our financial system , provide relief to families and communities , and help struggling homeowners .
It 's a plan that begins with one word that 's on everyone 's mind , and it 's spelled J - O - B - S . "
Obama said his proposals , including tax credits for new job creation and a moratorium on home foreclosures , were urgently needed to address the crisis seeping beyond Wall Street into the rest of the world 's largest economy .
" We need to pass an economic rescue plan for the middle - class and we need to do it now , " the Illinois senator said in remarks prepared for delivery at a rally here , three weeks out from election day on November 4 .
" We can't wait to help workers and families and communities who are struggling right now -- who do n't know if their job or their retirement will be there tomorrow ; who do n't know if next week 's paycheck will cover this month 's bills , " he said .
The financial crisis has helped push Obama to a 10 - point lead over McCain in the latest Washington Post - ABC News poll , with a barrage of negative character attacks from the Republican failing to stop the Democrat 's march .
Obama was on 53 percent to 43 percent for McCain , with 90 percent of registered voters saying the country is on the wrong track , according to the poll .
The Democrat 's campaign said his latest proposals combined with previously announced policy measures would cost 175 billion dollars over two years .
But economic adviser Jason Furman said the plan was fully costed , paid for in part by higher taxes on top earners , and said " our biggest priority is to avoid a painful recession . "
" Senator Obama believes he can't not afford to keep his promise to cut taxes for 95 percent of workers and their families , " he added , insisting the crisis would not derail the Democrat 's signature economic commitment .
The plan would extend a temporary tax credit of 3,000 dollars for each new job created in the United States by firms over the next two years .
It would permit families to withdraw up to 10,000 dollars from their retirement accounts penalty - free , and create a new lending facility for states and localities to have access to funds beyond the frozen credit markets .
And it would impose a 90 - day moratorium on the threat of foreclosure for homeowners who are trying " in good faith " to keep up with repayments to a lender benefiting from the Wall Street bailout passed by Congress .
" We need to give people the breathing room they need to get back on their feet , " said Obama , whose proposals came after McCain admitted in Virginia that he was behind in the polls but could still come back .
The Democrat 's campaign noted that McCain 's speech contained no new policy proposals despite indications that he would be rolling out his own economic offensive to try to wrest back the initiative .
" Less than 12 hours after his campaign announced that Senator McCain would finally have some new ideas on the economy , he decided that it was more important to give a new political speech about where he is in the polls , " Obama spokesman Dan Pfeiffer said .
" But the American people know that this election is n't about who 's up or who 's down , it 's about who will change the disastrous Bush - McCain economic policies of the last eight years . "
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast October 13 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
( with wire reports )
" It 's really important that people only put out enough food that will be eaten by the birds in their gardens in one day .
This is better for the health of the birds and will also help deter vermin .
The Mudflats poll had “ compulsive blinking ” as the number 3 most annoying McCain - ism of the debate , after the “ hideous death grin ” and Joe the plumber .
True , the blinking was incessant throughout , but this one particular moment was the blinking highlight of the debate .
McCain has been asking over the course of two debates now , for the dollar amount of the fine that Barack Obama would impose on small business owners for not providing health care .
He finally got his answer .
“ Zero . ”
This apparently unanticipated answer caused a screeching sound in McCain ’s brain that almost got picked up by the microphones , causing him to shift from “ smug ” to “ deer in the headlights ” in 1.8 seconds flat .
The outcome , for those of you keeping track at home was a whopping 54 blinks in 28 seconds .
That ’s almost two full blinks per second , nevermind the untold mental whiplash for McCain .
Just for fun , try watching the video above and blink along .
New - home sales tumbled to the lowest level in 17 years during October , while prices kept retreating .
Sales of single - family homes decreased by 5.3 % to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 433,000 , the Commerce Department said Wednesday .
September new - home sales rose 0.7 % to an annual rate to 457,000 ; originally , the government said September sales climbed 2.7 % to 464,000 .
Economists ...
The Princeton University Center for Information Technology Policy has published a report disclosing security vulnerabilities that researchers have detected in Sequoia 's AVC Advantage voting machine .
According to the researchers , the machine can be completely compromised by replacing a single ROM chip — a task that they were able to complete in only seven minutes .
The study was commissioned by the state of New Jersey following a lawsuit brought against the state by public - interest groups .
The suit alleged that the voting machines failed to meet the standards set by New Jersey law , which requires election official to ensure that all votes are fairly counted .
Critics contend that Sequoia 's direct - recording electronic ( DRE ) machine can't be trusted because it does n't generate a paper trail for auditing .
The suit dismissed and then appealed in 2005 , but was put on hold when the state legislature passed a law that would require voting machines to emit paper records by 2008 .
After the deadline was extended by a year to accommodate the state , the court agreed to let the lawsuit go forward and ordered the state to supply the Princeton researchers with full access to the voting machines and source code .
Sequoia vigorously attempted to block the review and threatened the state with legal action , but the judge allowed the research to proceed despite Sequoia 's threats .
The study was completed last month but was n't immediately made available to the public because of security concerns .
The redacted version , which is now published on the Center for Information Technology Policy web site , provides descriptions of several attack vectors .
" We have found that the Advantage AVC firmware has errors .
We have also found that it is easy to replace firmware in the AVC Advantage with fraudulent firmware that can undetectably steal votes and thus change the outcomes of elections , " the report says .
" Furthermore , some kinds of fraudulent firmware can automatically virally propagate themselves from one AVC Advantage voting machine to another , without the attacker being physically present .
Once fraudulent firmware is installed in the AVC Advantage , it can steal votes in election after election without any additional effort by the attacker . "
The researchers developed a program that switches votes from one candidate to another .
The program , which took two days to write and is only 122 lines of code , was specifically designed to obscure the aberrant behavior when it detects that voting machine officials are running diagnostic software to test the machine .
The way that the hacked firmware manipulates the vote tallying mechanism also ensures that the internal electronic audit trails generated by the machine will be consistent with the doctored vote counts .
This means that the hack is virtually undetectable .
The researchers burned the hacked firmware on a ROM chip which they were then able to install in the voting machine .
They were able to gain physical access by using little more than a screwdriver .
The machines are protected by locks and supposedly tamper - proof straps , but the researchers found that these were easy to bypass without detection .
Lead researcher Andrew Appel was able to pick the lock in only 13 seconds using a cheap set of $ 40 lock - picking tools .
He had no previous experience with lock - picking apart from a bit of basic training from a grad student who was familiar with the art .
The researchers also found that the seal was so flexible that they could remove the circuit - board cover without having to break it .
Further , they cite a study conducted by Dr. Roger Johnston of the Los Alamos National Laboratory which reveals that the vast majority of plastic anti-tamper seals can be trivially circumvented with cheap low - tech materials .
On top of all of that , the researchers point out that New Jersey 's physical security for the machines is poor and that it is easy to gain sufficient access to unattended voting machines .
To demonstrate this point , the report includes photographs that were taken prior to the primary elections that show unattended Sequoia voting machines at four separate polling places .
The voting machine vendors often attack these studies and claim that hacks conducted by expert researchers in laboratory environments with full access to the source code do n't truly reflect real - world scenarios .
The report , however , asserts that the skills required to perpetrate an election hack on the Sequioa machine are anything but rare .
Anyone with undergraduate training in computer science could do it , they say , and it's no more difficult than writing malware .
They also claim that it could be done by reverse - engineering the firmware and that a hacker need not have full access to the source code to do so .
Much like the red team testing that was conducted in California on products from Sequoia and other vendors , this new study conducted by the Princeton researchers demonstrates that DRE machines are unquestionably unfit for use in elections .
Unfortunately , with only a few weeks left until the elections in New Jersey , it might be too late for the state to take the necessary actions .
Further reading
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Monday , November 3 , 2008
I do n't partake myself anymore , and have yet to see its effects improve any aspect of my game other than tolerance for grinding .
But there was a time where , but for the grace of private education and liberal parenting , my narcotic shenanigans could have landed me in juvie .
I never hurt anyone or stole anything , and I was always on the honor roll , but given my capacity for getting caught it 's a wonder things turned out so well for me .
Many potheads are n't so lucky .
Think of all the wasted potential and potato chips from nearly 1 in every 8 American drug prisoners being marijuana related .
We 've spent billions keeping these beanbags behind bars .
In such troubled times , could n't that money be better spent preparing for a zombie outbreak ?
... Oh , dude , I almost forgot .
Thanks go to kn0thing for today 's picture .
You fucking stoner .
Emigrating British family turned away from Canada because their daughter , 7 , is disabled
They had sold their home , packed their bags and flown to Canada to embark on a new life .
Paul Chapman , his wife Barbara - Anne and their children Jack , 16 , and Lucy , seven , were excited about setting up home on a two - acre plot in Nova Scotia .
But their dreams were shattered by an immigration official who announced they could not enter the country because Lucy has a disability .
Shattered dream : ( Left to right ) Jack , Paul , Lucy and Barbara - Anne Chapman
The bombshell came when the family from Wokingham , Berkshire , handed their passports to a female guard at Halifax airport .
Mr Chapman , 42 , said : ' She asked , " Why have you brought your daughter to this country ? "
' I asked why I should n't and was told that because Lucy was disabled she had a lifetime ban .
Paid for :
The house the Chapman family planned to move into in Nova Scotia
' In 2008 a country as sophisticated as Canada was refusing my daughter entry because she is disabled . '
Paperwork handed to the family said that an individual could be refused entry if their health ' might reasonably be expected to cause excessive demands on health or social services ' .
Left behind : Harvey the family dog plays outside the Nova Scotia home .
Harvey has stayed in Canada
However , the Chapmans had taken advice from the Canadian authorities and arranged for temporary residency permits to be issued .
They arrived as tourists , expecting to pick up the permits within two weeks , and had been told Lucy 's health would not be a stumbling block in such circumstances .
The Chapmans , both former Metropolitan Police officers , argue the regulations are irrelevant in any case .
The rules : The Chapmans say Lucy 's genetic condition puts nobody at risk and does not require treatment
They say Lucy , who has a rare genetic defect called Angelman syndrome which means she has a reduced mental age and cannot speak , requires no additional medical care or drugs .
Their dream was to set up a children 's soft play centre business , and apply for permanent residency at a later date , having proved their daughter was no drain on health service resources .
Sold up :
The Chapman 's former family home in Wokingham , Berkshire was sold in preparation for the move , leaving them effectively homeless
Instead , they were allowed to stay in Canada for just 18 days .
Last night , they were back in Britain and staying at a friend 's house .
They have employed a Canadian lawyer to help them achieve entry .
A spokesman for Citizenship and Immigration Canada said : ' People with disabilities can come to Canada .
' They just have to follow the proper process , which includes ensuring the residency permit is in place before arriving in Canada . '
Plans : Paul Chapman and his daughter Lucy enjoy an earlier holiday in Oakland Park , Canada
haaaallo !
I would SO love to photograph your fantabulous family ( both 2 and 4 legged ) !
My superpower is capturing authentic , engaging moments of children , families and pets , and providing you beautiful , luxurious ways to enjoy , display and celebrate your love .
I do n’t even need a cape ( but will happily wear one if your child commands ) .
I ’ve been serving NYC and Brooklyn families meaningful memories for over 19 years .
I ’m based in Park Slope , Brooklyn , and travel all over NYC and beyond …
Take a look at my work , see what my clients say , and let me know what special moments we could photograph together .
I ’d love to capture your love 🙂
Best , Meredith
more about me ≻
Brad Roach Can Finally Bring Accountability to Diebold Nationally , If He Can Get Elected in Tucson ...
Jim March Byon
10/18/2008 , 3:37 pm PT
Guest Blogged by Jim March
Folks ,
I 'm writing to tell you personally about the most important election in America for election integrity : putting Brad Roach into the Pima County ( Tucson ) Arizona county attorney 's office .
Why do I believe it 's the most important election in America in regard to the issue of Election Integrity ?
Click the cartoon above and / or read on ...
If Roach is elected :
He 'll have all the powers of a DA , including criminal subpoenas ;
He 'll also have control over the county 's civil lawsuit division including the ability to sue over fraud ;
HE GETS IT ON ELECTION INTEGRITY and is saying so publicly with a bit of humor .
( See his must - view cartoon , part of which is linked above . )
As I write this , I 've been involved in the non-partisan fight to reform elections since mid-2003 .
Many of you know who I am , perhaps through my work with BlackBoxVoting.org ; we may not agree on every point but I do n't think anyone will disagree that I 've been in the fight .
We 're not getting to the goal fast enough .
The goal , the real goal , should be to expose what 's wrong with the current election oversight process .
The National Assoc. of Election Directors ( NASED ) and the U.S. Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) --- the Federal - level bureaucracies that have allegedly " managed " voting system testing and certification in succession , with largely the same staff overseeing the process in each body --- have been a grotesque failures .
Diebold ( their election division 's new name , " Premier " , triggers my gag reflex ) , Sequoia Voting Systems , ES&S and others have subverted all citizen oversight and we can prove it down here in Tucson ... except that we can't get the issue into court .
We , the people , lack " standing " .
According to the courts , it 's not us poor voters who have been ripped off , it 's the counties who 've paid for these junk systems .
There are supposed to be processes to allow citizens to sue on the government 's behalf , but the case in California along those lines was subverted by the state AG , and more recently the Federal - level system was closed to us by a Supreme Court decision .
So what do we do ?
Well , we need to still cover the basics : more research , LOTS of watch - dogging during the election periods in particular , public records digging , exit polls , etc .
You can bet that 's what I 'm up to .
But while we do all that , let 's attack the weak spot : the structure will stand so long as nobody with the power to investigate criminal actions objects .
So far not one criminal subpoena has been filed in relation to voting systems , and in several cases officials who could have done do something have covered it up .
Think about that .
Brad Roach can change all that , and he 's promised to do so if he 's elected .
He 's running against a 12 - year incumbent who has been one of the main " blockers " , along with the Arizona state AG ( Terry Goddard ) .
One of the critical things at issue is whether the paper ballots from the 2006 " Regional Transportation Authority ( RTA ) bond race " in Pima County should be examined .
In this video , you can see local activists in Pima , including myself ( a Libertarian ) , Democratic Party Attorney Bill Risner and Democrat John Brakey confronting the Democratic AG Goddard on his stonewalling .
Brad Roach , a Republican , is also seen in the group confronting Goddard ...
Like Sarasota FL in 2006 ( where 18,000 votes simply disappeared on electronic voting systems in an incredibly close Congressional election ) and Georgia in 2002 ( when Diebold illegally inserted uncertified patches into the voting machines just before an election " upset " that unseated Rep. Max Cleland ) , the Pima County RTA race is one of those elections that just plain looks foul .
By a miracle , and citizen outcry , the paper ballots from the election in question still exist and a current court case is deciding whether or not they 'll be destroyed .
While a hand - recount of the election is illegal under state election code , reviewing them to determine whether a crime was committed is n't , so long as someone with the proper authority does so .
Brad Roach will have that authority if he 's elected .
I ask two things :
If you can , slip Brad Roach some money for his campaign .
He needs it bad .
.
If you can't , at least DIGG or REDDIT up - vote this story at the buttons below ( and please Slashdot this article if you 're a member over there ! ) as we must get this message to the computer - tech community and out beyond just the election integrity activists .
This is for all the marbles , folks .
This one matters .
Please help .
==
Jim March is a member of the Libertarian party , a trans - partisan election integrity advocate , a board member at BlackBoxVoting.org , and currently active in the Arizona election reform movement led by AuditAZ .
Date Sat , 8 Mar 2003 16:05:14 - 0800 From Larry McVoy <> Subject Re : BitBucket : GPL-ed KitBeeper clone > >
Give it up .
BitKeeper is simply superior to CVS / SVN , and will stay that
> > way indefinitely since most people do n't seem to even understand _why _
> > it is superior .
>
> You make it sound like no one is even interested ;-) .
But it 's not true !
A
> lot of people currently working on alternative version control systems would
> like very much to know what it would take to satisfy the needs of kernel
> development .
Maybe , being on the inside of the process and well aware of
> your own needs , you do n't realize how difficult it is to figure these things
> out from the outside .
I think only very few people ( perhaps only one ) really
> understand this issue , and they are n't communicating with the horde of people
> who really want to help , if only they knew how .
[ Long rant , summary : it 's harder than you think , read on for the details ]
There are parts of BitKeeper which required multiple years of thought by
people a lot smarter than me .
You guys are under the mistaken impression
that BitKeeper is my doing ; it 's not .
There are a lot of people who
work here and they have some amazing brains .
To create something like
BK is actually more difficult than creating a kernel .
To understand why , think of BK as a distributed , replicated , version
controlled user level file system with no limits on any of the file system
events which may happened in parallel .
Now put the changes back together ,
correctly , no matter how much parallelism there has been .
Pavel has n't
understood anything but a tiny fraction of the problem space yet , he
just does n't realize it .
Even Linus does n't know how BitKeeper works ,
we have n't told him and I can tell from his explanations that he gets
part of it but not most of it .
That 's not a slam on Linus or Pavel or
anyone else .
I 'm just trying to tell you guys that this stuff is a lot
harder than you think .
I 've told people that before , like the SVN and
OpenCM guys , and the leaders of both those efforts showed up later and
said " yup , you 're right , it is a hell of a lot harder than it looks " .
And they are nowhere near being able to do what BK does .
Ask them if
you have doubts about what I am saying .
Merging is just one of the complex areas .
It gets all the attention
because it is hard enough but easy enough that people like to work on it .
It 's actually fun to work on merging .
Ditto for the graph structure ,
that 's trivial .
The other parts are n't fun and they are more difficult
so they do n't get talked about .
But they are more important because
the user has no idea how to deal with them and users do know how to deal
with merge problems , lots of you understand patch rejects .
Rename handling in a distributed system is actually much harder than
getting the merging done .
It does n't seem like it is , but we 've rewritten
how we do it 3 times and are working on a 4th all because we 've been
forced to learn about all the different ways that people move things
around .
CVS does n't have any of the rename problems because it does n't
do them , and SVN does n't have 1/1000th of the problems we do because it
is centralized .
Centralized means that there is never any confusion
about where something should go , you can only create one file in one
directory entry because there is only one directory entry available .
In BK 's case , there can be an infinite number of different files which
all want to be src / foo.c .
Symbolic tags are really hard .
What ?!?
What could be easier than adding
a symbolic label on a revision ?
Well , in a centralized system it is
trivial but in a distributed system you have to handle the fact that
the same symbol can be put on multiple revs .
It 's the same problem as
the file names , just a variation .
Add to that the fact that time can
march forward or backwards in a distributed system , even if all the
events were marching forward , and the fun really starts .
I personally
have redone the tags support about 6 times and it still is n't right .
Security semantics are hard in a distributed system .
Where do you
put them , how do you integrate them into the system , what happens when
people try and work around them ?
In CVS or SVN you can simply lock down
the server and not worry about it , but in BK , the user has the revision
history and they are root , they can do whatever they want .
Time semantics are the hardest of all .
You simply can't depend on time
being correct .
It goes forwards , backwards , and sideways on you and
if you think you can use time you do n't have the slightest idea of the
scope of the problem .
Again , not a problem for CVS / SVN / whatever , all the
deltas are made against the same clock .
Not true in a distributed system .
That 's a taste of what it is like .
You have to get all of those right
and the many other ones that I did n't tell you about or you might as
well not bother .
Why ?
Because the problems are very subtle and there
is n't any hope of getting an end user to figure out a subtle problem ,
they do n't have the time or the inclination .
We 've seen users throw away
weeks of work just because they did n't understand the merge conflict so
they start over on an updated tree .
And those people will understand
the rename corner cases ?
Not a chance .
The main point here is that if you think that BK happened quickly ,
by one guy , you are nuts .
It started in May of 1997 , that 's almost 6
years ago , not the 2 years that Pavel thinks , and I had already written
a complete version control system prior to that , so this was round two .
Even with that knowledge , I was n't near enough to get BK to where it is
today , there is more than 40 man years of effort in BK so far .
A bunch
of people , working 60 - 90 hour weeks , for almost 6 years .
Not average
people , either , any one of these people would be a staff engineer or
better at Sun ( salaries for those people are in the $ 115 K - $ 140 K range ) .
The disbelievers think that I 'm out here waving the " it 's too hard "
flag so you 'll go away .
And the arrogant people think that they are
smarter than us and can do it quicker .
I doubt it but by all means go
for it and see what you can do .
Just file away a copy of this and let
me know what you think three or four years from now .
Oh , by the way , you 'll need a business model , I found that out 2 or 3
years into it when my savings ran out .
Oh , my , you might not be able
to GPL it !
Why it might even end up being just like BitKeeper with
an evil corporate dude named Pavel running the show .
Believe me , if
that happens , I 'll be here to rake him over the coals on a daily basis
for being such an evil person who does n't understand the point of free
software .
I can't wait .
--
---
Larry McVoy lm at bitmover.com
http://www.bitmover.com/lm
-
To unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at http://vger.kernel.org/majordomo-info.html
Please read the FAQ at http://www.tux.org/lkml/
What is that , a hair band ?
Nope , it 's underwear -- a C - string .
The misnamed C - string does n't actually have any straps , it 's kept on by hugging the vagina and buttcrack .
Now that 's sexy talk .
C - String has a flexible internal frame that hugs and holds it to the body both securely and comfortably .
Your modesty remains safely covered at all times .
At the front it looks like sexy underwear , to the rear it has a thong - style strip , and to the sides it has nothing at all !
Wow , this is best thing to happen to underwear since not wearing any .
Each vagina - band costs about $ 26 and is guaranteed to turn heads .
And , also , my shoe camera .
Thanks to FluxWave for getting this Labor Day Weekend started off right !
Human Powered Vehicles
The Shakespear Lawn Mower ( 55 k jpeg ) no gif due to patent problems
This mower , the Shakespear Lawn Mower , was designed and built by Michael Shakespear as a Bachelor Thesis in Mechanical Engineering at MIT supervised by Professor David Gordon Wilson .
The thesis can be ordered from Document Services of the MIT Libraries .
For future details , see the thesis or pages 312-315 of the 2nd Edition of Bicycling Science by Frank Rowland Whitt and David Gordon Wilson , published by the MIT Press , 1982 .
The Shakespear lawn mower was also in the 1st Edition .
When mowing with it , the mower was a little back heavy , which was only a problem when I was going up a slope .
I had to lean all the way forward to avoid the mower tipping over backwards .
I could mow my lawn with it in less time then it takes me to push my electric mower around and also had more fun , used no electricity , and got a bit more exercise .
I was one of a chain of stewards who used this mower .
I received it from Prof. Wilson and passed it on to Michael Shakespear , the builder .
He finally owned a lawn to mow !
Guess it came full circle . ;-}
You might like a look at the International Human Powered Vehicle Association .
Crohn 's can affect the intestine Researchers believe the lack of a specific bacterium in the gut may be a cause of Crohn 's disease .
A shortage of naturally - occurring bacteria is thought to trigger the inflammatory gastrointestinal disorder by over - stimulating the immune system .
Now a French team has highlighted the bug , Faecalibacterium prausnitzii , which they show secretes biochemicals that reduce inflammation .
The study appears in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
CROHN'S DISEASE
Can affect any part of the gut Most commonly affects the lower end of the small intestine - the ileum Symptoms include , pain , ulcers and diarrhoea Medication can relieve symptoms , but surgery to remove part of the gut may be required The researchers , from the Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique , had already shown that patients with Crohn 's disease have a marked deficiency in bacteria from the Clostridium leptum group .
Their latest work shows that F. prausnitzii - a major component of this group - accounts for a large part of the deficit .
Bowel surgery
The researchers found that Crohn 's patients who underwent bowel surgery were more likely to experience a recurrence of the condition if they had low levels of F. prausnitzii .
And in experiments on cultured cells , they showed that liquid in which F. prausnitzii had been grown provided an anti-inflammatory effect .
The researchers said that if ongoing animal trials prove successful , human patients could benefit from a probiotic treatment with F. prausnitzii .
Dr Anton Emmanuel , medical director of the digestive disorders charity Core , called the study " exciting " and agreed it raised the possibility of a therapeutic " replacement " therapy .
" It would be interesting to see how this finding relates to the emerging body of evidence looking at genetic changes in some patients with Crohn 's disease , with the known abnormal gene being one that codes for the body 's ability to recognise foreign bacteria . "
Dr John Bennett , chairman of Core , said there was growing evidence that micro-organisms combined with immunological weaknesses to either cause , or exacerbate Crohn 's symptoms .
However , he said : " The gut contains a huge number and variety of organisms , and many of them have been investigated without any single one seeming to be entirely responsible . "
Dr Bennett said scientists were testing the theory that harmful bacteria could be neutralised , or at least counter - acted , by preparations of beneficial " probiotic " micro-organisms , but as yet no definitive proof of their effect had been produced .
Professor Jonathan Rhodes , a consultant gastroenterologist from the Royal Liverpool Hospital , described the study as " interesting " .
However , he said : " It is too early to tell whether this will lead directly to a new treatment as other probiotics have tended to produce good results in animal studies only to prove disappointing in clinical trial in Crohn 's disease . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
World ’s First Sample Of Bio-Diesel From Algae
Aquaflow Bionomic Corporation
MEDIA RELEASE
May 11 , 2006 . 8.00 a.m .
Marlborough Company Produces World ’s First Sample Of Bio-Diesel From Algae Extracted From Region ’s Sewerage Ponds
Marlborough - based Aquaflow Bionomic Corporation announced today that it had produced its first sample of home - grown bio - diesel fuel with algae sourced from local sewerage ponds .
“ We believe this is the world ’s first commercial production of bio - diesel from algae outside the laboratory , in ‘ wild ’ conditions .
To date , bio - diesel from algae has only been tested under controlled laboratory conditions with specially selected and grown algae crops , ” explains Aquaflow spokesperson Barrie Leay .
Bio - diesel could eventually become a sustainable , low cost , cleaner burning fuel alternative for New Zealand , powering family cars , trucks , buses and boats .
It can also be used for other purposes such as heating or distributed electricity generation .
The breakthrough comes after technology start - up , Aquaflow , formed an agreement late last year with Marlborough District Council to undertake a pilot to extract algae from its excess pond discharge .
Algae are the simplest plant organisms that convert sunlight and carbon dioxide in the air around us , into stored energy through the well understood process of photosynthesis .
Although the exact bio - diesel manufacturing technology is a well - guarded secret , the process involves processing the algae pulp before extracting lipid oil which is turned into bio -diesel .
“ Although algae are good at taking most of the nutrients and chemicals out of sewage , too much algae can taint the water and make it smell .
So , councils have to find a way of cleaning up the excess algae in their outflow and recycling the waste product .
And that ’s where Aquaflow comes in , ” says Leay .
By taking the waste product , Aquaflow can create bio -diesel and remove a problem for councils by producing useful clean water , a process known as bio-remediation .
Dairy farmers , and many food processors too , could also benefit from recycling their waste streams that algae thrives in .
Blended with conventional mineral diesel , bio - diesel could run vehicles without the need for vehicle modifications .
It would also help to meet the New Zealand Government B5 ( 5 % blended ) fuel targets by 2008 moving up to B20 as bio - fuel production increases .
Aquaflow was formed in October 2005 and its major shareholders are technology start - up expert , Nick Gerritsen ; and successful renewable energy developers Vicki Buck and Barrie Leay .
CEO Teresa Williams , who has a background in information technology and management from the UK , was appointed in December 2005 .
The company ’s technical expert is Bill Rucks who has a background in aquaculture .
Aquaflow ’s next step is to increase the production from its new technology and test its product in a range of diesel engines .
It has recently applied for funding for further research and development of the technology from the Foundation for Research , Science and Technology .
There will be an opportunity for further private investment when Aquaflow updates its share register shortly .
“ The market potential for this product is almost unlimited in the ‘ Peak Oil ’ environment we are in , as there is now a global demand for bio - diesel of billions of litres per year , ” says Leay .
Leay adds that Aquaflow would begin commercial production immediately on a small scale , and gradually build it up as optimal scale manufacturing technology was proven .
Production is somewhat weather - dependant as algae thrive better on high sunshine levels .
Consequently , sunny Blenheim was selected as the ideal environment to start in .
“ We expect to produce at least 1,000,000 litres of bio - diesel per year from Blenheim , ” says Leay .
Aquaflow could reproduce the bio - diesel process in many other areas of New Zealand and overseas countries could also be interested in the technology .
Unlike some bio-fuels which require crops to be specially grown and thereby compete for land use with food production , and use other scarce resources of fuel , chemicals and fertilizers , the source for algae - based bio - diesel already exists extensively and the process produces a sustainable net energy gain by capturing free solar energy from the sun .
Ends
© Scoop Media
