Mininova , the most visited BitTorrent site , broke two download records today .
Since its inception , the site has served 6 billion torrent downloads and today reached an all time record of more than 10 million downloads served in a single day .
Has today been BitTorrent 's busiest day ever ?
The BitTorrent popularity explosion is still underway , and it ’s picking up speed with the start of the new TV - season .
Several BitTorrent sites are now amongst the most visited sites anywhere on the web , and Mininova is believed to be the largest .
We ’ve been reporting on Mininova ’s download figures for a while now .
In June 2007 Mininova saw its 2 billionth download .
This figure has since tripled to 6 billion – an impressive figure for a site that has been around for less than four years .
Over the past months , the downloads have been growing steadily , and today , another record was broken .
Over 10 million torrents were downloaded in a single day – 117.6 per second – a rate never achieved before .
With many TV - shows debuting today , this has been the busiest day ever on Mininova , and probably on other BitTorrent sites as well .
While the movie and music studios are complaining loudly , TV - shows are getting the most downloads on BitTorrent .
On average , half of all the BitTorrent downloads at any given point in time are TV - episodes .
The availability of free - streams seems to bring this figure down a little , but only in the US .
Meanwhile , the Mininova team is focusing more on premium publishers .
Last year the site launched a content distribution platform where publishers can offer their content to the millions of Mininova visitors without any charge .
Mininova users can download these premium files at high speeds , and they even have the option to stream music and video .
Perhaps it ’s a good idea if some of the TV publishers go talk to the Mininova team , and get an account there .
We ’re sure that they are welcome at their new office .
Pope condemns " pagan " love of money , power Posted by Pile ( 9414 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
Pope Benedict XVI condemned unbridled “ pagan ” passion for power , possessions and money as a modern - day plague Saturday as he led more than a quarter of a million Catholics in an outdoor Mass in Paris , before retreating to his private limo , private jet and gold - plated vestments with jewel - encrusted hat , in his monolithic mansion institution where upon he contemplated how best to keep people with AIDS from being able to use condoms .
Benedict was making his first visit as pontiff to the French capital , renowned for its luxury goods , fashion sense and cultural riches .
“ Has not our modern world created its own idols ? ”
Benedict said in his homily , and wondered aloud whether people have “ imitated , perhaps inadvertently , the pagans of antiquity ? ”
“ This is a question that all people , if they are honest with themselves , cannot help but ask , ” the pontiff said .
The 260,000 or so people who gathered on the lawns of the Esplanade des Invalides displayed a joyful outpouring of faith for this traditionally Roman Catholic country , which has witnessed a sharp decline in churchgoing in recent years .
Benedict has continued with a campaign started by his predecessor , John Paul II , who worried that the affluent West was turning consumerism into a kind of religion and ignoring its Christian roots of spiritual values .
Details
Posted by jpowell180 on 2008- 12-28 14:34:24
Boy , having his right arm & hand extended up in the air like in that photo seems to look pretty natural for this guy ... I 'll bet he 's thinking how it brings back all the happy memories of his ( Hitler ) youth ...
( Hitler ) " Heil , mein Hitler Jugen ! "
( Hitler Youth crowd ) " ..... HEIL , MEIN FURHER ! " .
.... The herr von Schirach takes them all out for Bier und Bratwurst ....
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
Advertisements
While Republicans are busy trying to spin Sarah Palin ’s fluff VP acceptance speech as proof that she is ready to lead , the campaign of Barack Obama put out a statement that called her speech well delivered , but the same old song and dance that we have been hearing for eight years .
Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton said , “ The speech that Governor Palin gave was well delivered , but it was written by George Bush ’s speechwriter and sounds exactly like the same divisive , partisan attacks we ’ve heard from George Bush for the last eight years .
If Governor Palin and John McCain want to define ‘ change ’ as voting with George Bush 90 % of the time , that ’s their choice , but we do n’t think the American people are ready to take a 10 % chance on change . ”
Palin showed herself to be fine cheerleader for John McCain , but she demonstrated zero knowledge on any of the issues .
Except for the biographical part of her speech , everything else was the standard McCain stump speech .
There was no talk about the economy , healthcare , the mortgage crisis , foreign policy , or education .
Instead this speech was dedicated to portraying Palin as the every woman suburban housewife , who really likes John McCain .
Advertisements
There was nothing of substance here as evidence by the fact that even used the same tired attacks on Obama .
The campaign tried to paint the Democrat as an elitist who hates small town America and thinks that everyone there is bitter .
This is the same tactic that the much more skilled and intelligent Clinton campaign tried and failed with .
There was nothing in her speech that convinced me that has any grasp of the issues , or the readiness to assume the presidency .
Burton is right .
This was the same standard , anti-Democrat Bush line that we have heard for eight years now .
I am sure that Republicans lapped it up like starving dogs , but I doubt that her speech had much impact on non-Republicans .
Palin ’s speech was geared towards the Republican base .
It did its job , but all in all was highly forgettable .
After a lengthy period away from the spotlight , Eminem is set to return with his new Dr. Dre-produced album Relapse .
“ For probably the past five months pretty much straight I ’ve been working with Dre , ” he announced earlier this month , before dropping the first taster for the album in the form of “ I ’m Having a Relapse . ”
But now Eminem has turned his attention to the forthcoming presidential election , announcing : “ I ’ll vote for Barack . "
Speaking with characteristic frankness to DJ Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1 , he said : “ I know we are going into a recession .
Pardon the cliché but we need something to change .
I think Barack would be a breath of fresh air , to get in there and actually get what ’s left of the Bush administration out the door . "
An official release date for Relapse has n’t yet been set , but it ’s thought that it could come out before the end of the year .
Feature photo by theagent .
Photo above by peterbaker .
Some of best new parks from the state that gave birth to modern skateboarding .
California has an amazing range of skateparks .
If you ’re a skater and you ’re travelling about , missing out on California would be like missing out on air and food .
Listed below you ’ll find what are arguably the best parks the Golden State has to offer .
There ’s no specific order here – they ’re all good – and they ’re all free unless otherwise noted .
Santa Ana Skatepark
Street skaters take note .
This 12,000 sq. footer has what you crave : fun boxes , ledges , pyramids , plus 11 and 7 stairs with rails and hubbas .
See it skated :
Benicia X Park
At a cost of $ 850,000 to build , the 20,000 sq. ft. Benicia park is sick .
The street section has all the usual fare and flows into a quarter pipe area that waterfalls into a 9 - foot bowl .
Map : skatespotter.com
See it skated :
Carson Warner Memorial Skatepark , Healdsburg
Located in an actual park , there are some shaded areas with benches and a deck .
The skatepark itself is 20,000 sq. ft. with both a shallow and deep bowl connected by a spine .
A nice sized roll in quarter pipe completes the package .
Map : www.carsonwarnerskate.com
See it skated :
Palm Desert Skatepark
If you can stand the heat , you ’ll enjoy this park , which is split into 5,000 sq. ft. for beginners and 15,000 sq. ft. for everyone else .
A nice snake run spits you out into a 7 - foot bowl , plus all the basic street stuff .
$ 5 entry fee .
Martinez Skatepark
If you ’re a street skater , this may not be ideal with its limited street course , but the walls and bowl are all 7 feet and offer some nice clean speed .
See it skated :
Tanzanite Skatepark , Sacramento
16,000 sq. ft. of concrete designed by California Skateparks .
There ’s bowls as well as a damn fine 13 - foot over - vert pocket .
Rip it up .
See it skated :
Grass Valley Skatepark
Get your speed on at Grass Valley with its smooth as silk concrete .
Not a ton of stuff for the street skater , but why not try the bowls ?
See it skated :
Novato Skatepark
Novato ’s 15,000 sq. ft. park has some nice coping and is just as smooth and fast as can be .
There ’s an open lawn area , and hey , Novato just seems nice and laid back .
Site : http://www.cityofnovato.org/index.aspx?page=541
See it skated :
Delano Skatepark
Do n’t forget your helmet when you come to skate this 23,342 sq. ft. beauty .
When the sun goes down , the lights come on for some night sessions .
Photo by bent_karma .
Mariposa Skatepark
Faster , faster , faster !
This park has a snake run with a little decline to help with speed .
8,000 sq. ft. that pack a punch .
See it skated :
The Cove , Santa Monica
It ai n’t free , but it ’s 20,000 sq. ft. of assorted goodness .
Come for the tranny skating – you wo n’t be disappointed .
Resident $ 5 , non $ 5.50 .
Site : http://www.smgov.net/comm_progs/skatepark/
See it skated :
Volcom Skatepark , Costa Mesa
Beautifully smooth concrete , nice big transitions , a vert bowl , street stuff , all laid out in a 20,000 sq. ft. area .
Site : http://www.ci.costa-mesa.ca.us/recreation/skatepark.htm
See it skated :
Chino Skatepark
There ’s a 3 - leaf clover bowl , a 9 foot square bowl and more banks than Wall Street .
Pads and helmets required .
See it skated :
Pala Skatepark
Shred the 9 - foot deep kidney pool ( 6 foot shallow end ) or take on the hybrid street section / flow bowl .
18,000 sq. ft. $ 5 entry fee .
Site : http://www.palaskatepark.com
See it skated :
YMCA Magdalena Ecke Skatepark , Encinitas
Home to the huge 2003 X - Games vert ramp , 37,000 sq. ft. of pools , pyramids , rails and a wooden street / flow course .
$ 5 members / $ 10 non .
Site : http://209.200.114.27/pub/skate/
See it skated :
Ken Wormhoudt Skatepark , Santa Cruz
Legendary park architect Zach Wormhoudt gives skaters a 15,000 sq. ft. park with a crazy full pipe wave that leads into the bowls .
The street course has all the fixin’s .
Site : http://www.ci.santa-cruz.ca.us/pr/parksrec/parks/skatepark.html
See it skated :
Lake Cunningham Skatepark , San Jose
56,000 sq. ft !
A snake run , a full pipe , a downright insane vert wall , a flow course … this place is unreal .
Five bucks .
See it skated : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvEDsFVd2jg
Photo by jess . stone .
Phil Shao Memorial Skatepark , Redwood City
In 1998 , pro-skater Phil Shao was killed by a drunk driver .
His memory lives on in this 13,000 sq. ft. park .
Nice street section , a big bowl and the concrete is swell .
Sunnyvale Skatepark
There ’s a nice big bowl , a whole whack of things to grind and some really smooth transitions between the bowls .
Throw in the vert wall , stairs , and you ’ve got a perfectly skateable 18,500 sq. ft .
See it skated :
Alameda Skatepark
Local skaters built this 15,000 sq. ft. park back in the day .
It still holds up today with a good street section and a nice view of the San Francisco bay .
See it skated :
Calgary police responded to reports of a suspicious package at the Altius Centre in the downtown and evacuated the building .
The call came in around 2:45 P.M. after a suspicious looking device was found by a support pillar outside the building in the 500 block of 4th Ave. S.W .
Police cordoned off 3 blocks from 3rd St. to 6th St. along 5th Ave. S.W. and re-opened the area after the package was taken away .
A day care across the street was also evacuated .
The Tactical team , Hazardous Materials Team and the Calgary police bomb robot responded to the scene to evaluate the package and contain the area .
Evacuating people from big buildings is an enormous task and police say that they try to cordon off the area as far back as they can .
" A lot of it's based on what the experts tell us , the Tactical Unit , they are the guys that are trained in this area and they give us particular information with respect to what I can expect if the worst thing were to happen and then we have to judge it accordingly , " said Inspecter Vic Trickett from the Calgary Police Service
The package was x-rayed and removed from the front of the building by the bomb robot .
30 officers and EMS responded to the scare and police believe that the package was made to look like an explosive device .
Because the device looked authentic Police took all the necessary precautions in dealing with it .
The building was evacuated and people working in another building nearby were told to leave out the back exit to avoid the street area .
Be the first to know when we launch .
Promotions , new products and sales .
Directly to your inbox .
We all know that crop circles come from aliens right ?
Some people seem to think that the mysterious patterns are created by smart - ass humans … but come on , this ca n’t be true !
Do n’t believe us ?
Here ’s the proof :
Ok , jokes aside , this small segment was actually filmed as part of an ad for the Belgian State Bond .
We have absolutely no idea what ’s the relation between crop circles , aliens and that state bond thing , but hey , this is pretty cool nonetheless .
[ Via Neatorama ]
McCain thinks ‘ bitch ’ inquiry is an ‘ excellent question ’
Obviously , presidential candidates are n’t responsible for comments made by their supporters .
Candidates are , however , responsible for showing a little class .
It ’s apparently something that John McCain has forgotten .
At a campaign event in South Carolina , a McCain backer stood up to ask the senator , “ How do we beat the bitch ? ”
In response , McCain said , “ We have our differences with our Democratic rivals , but I believe in treating people with respect .
It ’s why I do n’t refer to women as ‘ bitches , ’ even when I disagree with them .
I ’m sure all of us believe we can debate the serious issues of the day without name - calling and degrading language . ”
No , no , I ’m just kidding .
He actually responded , “ That ’s an excellent question . ”
Just this morning , the NYT ’s David Brooks wrote a gushing love - letter to McCain , praising him as an honorable man of character .
If there was n’t so much evidence to the contrary , it might be persuasive .
For readers who ca n’t watch clips online , here ’s a transcript :
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN : How do we beat the bitch ?
( Laughter ) Mccain : May I give the translation ?
( Laughter )
That ’s an excellent question .
You might know that there was a poll yesterday — a Rasmussen poll , to identify it — that shows me three points ahead of Sen.
Clinton is a head - to - head match - up . ( Applause ) I respect Sen. Clinton ; I respect anyone who gets the nomination of the Democrat [ sic ] Party … .
Yes , McCain could n’t even be gracious about his political opponents without using the grammatically wrong “ Democrat Party . ”
I suppose the natural response from McCain backers is that he did n’t want to repudiate a campaign supporter during an event .
But just a few days ago , McCain repudiated his own mother , on national television , when she made anti-Mormon comments about Mitt Romney .
He went out of his way to make clear — twice — that he did n’t agree with his mother ’s remarks .
But when confronted with a supporter who calls Hillary Clinton a “ bitch , ” McCain thinks that ’s “ excellent . ”
Stay classy , John McCain .
Casper ?
Is that you ?
A still frame from the Anytime Fitness video showing an apparent ghost ( the white splotch inside the red circle ) .
It 's Halloween season , and you know what that means : ghosts !
A recent surveillance video depicting what many believe to be a ghost made international news .
The video was taken at Anytime Fitness , an all - night fitness club in Overland Park , Kansas .
When owner Kim Peterson came in one morning and reviewed the previous night 's security footage , she was surprised and mystified by what she saw : a glowing , fuzzy light apparently in a workout area , meandering around the weight benches and fitness machines .
The image appeared at 2:21 in the morning , about half an hour after the last person left the building .
It reappeared about nine times over the next two hours , each time briefly moving across the room .
It baffled Peterson , her staff and members , and the security company .
Lights have never activated the camera before , Peterson said .
" I called the security company , and they said , ' I do n't know why that light would make the camera kick on . ' "
It seemed a real mystery .
Various people offered their theories , ranging from a hoax to a bug to headlights from a passing car .
Peterson and her security company dismissed all those obvious explanations , and by far the most popular is that a ghost visited the gym for a early - morning workout .
One woman at the club , Sharon Bohm , suggested it could be a spirit ; Peterson 's son was even more specific , suggesting it was his deceased grandfather , looking after his mother 's new business .
Gym members were asked to come up with a name for their resident ghost , and the case remains unsolved — until now .
Scientific ghostbusting
Before entertaining ghostly explanations , it 's best to use scientific methodologies and critical thinking .
A closer look at the image reveals some interesting clues about the ghost 's identity .
Clue No. 1 : The object is whitish and out of focus .
Security cameras ( especially the round " fish - eye " lenses used in the club ) are designed to be mounted high above the ground and record activity twenty or more feet away .
Things at that distance will be in focus , while objects close to the lens will be out of focus .
Therefore the object was very close to the camera .
Clue No. 2 : The object appears to be glowing , but there 's no indication that it is in fact emitting light .
It has all the characteristics of something that is instead reflecting white light , perhaps from one of the bright lights mounted around the camera ( you can see them clearly in video footage of the story ) .
Clue No. 3 : Though Peterson and news reporters claimed that that ghostly object " spent the night wandering around the weights , " a closer look at the video shows that it instead wandered over or across them .
Its movements do not show any interaction with the objects in the room at all , suggesting it was not in the room but instead above it .
Clue No. 4 : Despite the fact that the gym had at least eight different cameras on and functioning that night , the " ghost " was seen on only one of them .
If the spirited image had actually been in the room , other cameras should have recorded the same image from other angles .
They did n't , therefore the object and phenomenon , whatever it is , only happened to that one camera .
One obvious answer , prematurely dismissed by Peterson and others , is almost certainly the correct one : the ghost is a bug .
A spider or insect wandered onto the camera ; that 's why it was out of focus , why it seemed to glow , why it did n't interact with anything in the room , and why it only appeared on one camera .
It 's true that a moving light would n't activate the camera , as they are sensitive to motion , not light .
But it was the bug 's movement that triggered the sensor and started the recording .
While it is possible that the Anytime Fitness camera actually captured a ghost , in science the explanation that fits the facts with the fewest assumptions is the best .
A bug on the camera fits all the facts and solves the mystery .
And it's not the first time that a spider on a security camera created a ghostly image ; in June 2007 , a courthouse in Santa Fe , New Mexico , captured a nearly identical ghost that turned out to be a bug .
An exterminator — not an exorcist — could rid the gym of its ghost , but what 's the fun in that ?
If they are still looking to name the mysterious image , how about Boris the Spider ?
Benjamin Radford is managing editor of the Skeptical Inquirer science magazine .
He has investigated mysterious phenomena and ghosts for over a decade .
He solved the Santa Fe Courthouse Ghost case and recently investigated a haunted theater in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
His books , films , and other projects can be found on his website
For the experts , the term “ red wine ” carries countless associations .
Each one points to further questions ; each question leads them further off the trail .
By contrast , the amateurs ’ ignorance keeps them from exploring subtle byways .
Seeing only one question  “ what do you think of this wine ? ”  they ca n’t wander far .
The catch is that , when it comes to food , we all think of ourselves as experts .
But we taste with both our tongues and our minds , and it ’s easy to lead minds astray .
Brownies taste better , for example , when served on china rather than on paper plates , research has shown .
And we prefer wine with a pedigree , even if it ’s a phony one .
Sometimes all it takes is an alluring name .
Until a few decades ago , Patagonian toothfish was a trash fish not worth trying to give away .
Renamed Chilean sea bass , it sold so fast that it nearly disappeared from the sea .
Expectations are everything .
In one recent test , psychologists asked 32 volunteers to sample strawberry yogurt .
To make sure the testers made their judgments purely on the basis of taste , the researchers said , they needed to turn out the lights .
Then they gave their subjects chocolate yogurt .
Nineteen of the 32 praised the strawberry flavor .
One said that strawberry was her favorite flavor and she planned to switch to this new brand .
The volunteers knew the taste of strawberries perfectly well .
That was the problem .
The associations that came with the word “ strawberry ” overwhelmed the taste of chocolate .
Every trickster ’s hope , says Jim Steinmeyer , who designs illusions for magicians , is “ finding smart people who bring a lot to the table  cultural experience , shared expectations , preconceptions .
The more they bring , the more there is to work with , and the easier it is to get the audience to make allowances  to reach the ‘ right ’ conclusion and unwittingly participate in the deception . ”
In the case of the fish forgery , discovered by a pair of high school students armed with DNA tests , a nice presentation and a lofty price tag probably helped restaurants palm off tilapia as white tuna .
That left diners poised for a fall .
But in the end they were n’t pushed .
They jumped .
Maybe their own ignorance or carelessness did them in .
More likely it was overconfidence .
Angela Stokes Shed 160 Pounds on RAW Food Diet
weighed 300 pounds and was miserable and unhealthy when a friend gave her a book that changed her life .
She began a raw vegan diet after reading about the health benefits and has lost 160 pounds in two years .
Now weighing 138 pounds , she has written several books on ' raw foodism ' , which she claims improved both her physical and emotional health dramatically .
She reports that everything in her life completely shifted in the light bulb moment .
She eats uncooked and unprocessed vegetables , fruits , nuts and seeds and claims that the approach of eating food straight from the earth is simple and natural .
Within the first month of going raw , she saw improvements physically , emotionally and socially .
She was almost immediately happier than she had ever been .
She has kept the weight off for four years and cautions people to start slowly by incorporating raw foods they enjoy first , working up to at least a 50 percent raw diet to achieve the health benefits .
Her books include Raw Emotions and an e-book with recipes called RawReform .
Check out photo gallery below .
Source
Lloyds TSB staff WILL get bonuses - even though bank had £ 5.5 bn Government bail - out
Bonus message : Eric Daniels , chief executive of Lloyds has told employees that the Government bail - out would not stop them getting bonuses
The chief executive of Lloyds TSB , one of the banks being bailed out by a £ 37bn Government rescue package , promised staff they will receive bonuses this year .
In an extraordinary and provocative message , Eric Daniels told employees that the historic Government intervention would not restrict the lucrative payouts .
He claimed the bank 's staff have done a ' terrific job this year ' and ' there is no reason why we should n't ' get bonuses .
The recorded message to his employees is bound to infuriate millions across Britain who have watched the banking industry crumble under the weight of bad debts during the current financial turmoil .
When Gordon Brown made the decision to invest billions of taxpayers money to prop up some of Britain 's major banks , he promised to end the culture of ' rewards for failure ' .
He pledged that the directors at the banks which were taking part in the bail - out scheme would not receive cash bonuses this year .
However , although Lloyds TSB will receive £ 5.5 bn of taxpayers funds , Mr Daniels said that the move placed ' very , very few restrictions ' on the bank 's behaviour .
He said : ' If you think about it , the first restriction was not to pay bonuses .
Well Lloyds TSB is in fact going to pay bonuses . '
In his message , he said that the Government had agreed Lloyds TSB was in a ' different ' position to HBOS and Royal Bank of Scotland , the two other banks taking taxpayers ' funds in return for shares .
The bank is understood to be planning to ask its executives to take their bonuses in 2008 and 2009 in shares rather than cash .
Until Lloyds TSB announced its plans to takeover the stricken HBOS last month , it had weathered the financial storm comparatively well .
But as a result of the move , it could find that the taxpayer ends up owning more than 40 per cent of the new bank .
Mr Daniels ' insisted that the bank 's leading policy would not be dictated by the Government .
' We do not have any such restrictions , ' he said .
' What we have given the Government is an assurance that we will make our products available in the SME [ small and medium business ] markets and mortgages so we will have good availability and we will market just as hard as we did in 2007 .
' I have no issue in agreeing that , ' he told staff in a message passed to The Guardian newspaper .
Tough talk : Gordon Brown has promised to end the culture of ' rewards for failure ' but Lloyds appear to be carrying on regardless
He also played down the significance of the two new board members who will be appointed once the controversial takeover of HBOS is clinched .
He added : ' Those board members are not there to protect the Government .
They are their to serve our customers . '
Mr Daniels conceded that the only ' restriction ' would be the inability to pay dividends to existing share holders until the bank has paid off preference shares that are also part of the deal .
This stipulation is believed to have been made by the EU in return for the bail - out using taxpayers ' money .
The employees addressed by Mr Daniels are not necessarily the highest paid at the bank and could be working in branches , earning around £ 15,000 a year and relying on bonuses to bolster their income .
The chief executive , however , made no such assurances to staff at HBOS , whose chief executive and chairman will both leave when the takeover is completed early next year .
The taxpayer is likely to end up with a 43 per cent stake in the combined Lloyds TSB - HBOS , although the price at which the HBOS shares are currently trading on the stock market indicates some concern about whether the deal will ever be completed .
Executive Summary
I . The AVC Advantage 9.00 is easily " hacked " by the installation of fraudulent firmware .
This is done by prying just one ROM chip from its socket and pushing a new one in , or by replacement of the Z80 processor chip .
We have demonstrated that this " hack " takes just 7 minutes to perform .
The fraudulent firmware can steal votes during an election , just as its criminal designer programs it to do .
The fraud cannot practically be detected .
There is no paper audit trail on this machine ; all electronic records of the votes are under control of the firmware , which can manipulate them all simultaneously .
II .
Without even touching a single AVC Advantage , an attacker can install fraudulent firmware into many AVC Advantage machines by viral propagation through audio - ballot cartridges .
The virus can steal the votes of blind voters , can cause AVC Advantages in targeted precincts to fail to operate ; or can cause WinEDS software to tally votes inaccurately .
( WinEDS is the program , sold by Sequoia , that each County 's Board of Elections uses to add up votes from all the different precincts . )
III .
Design flaws in the user interface of the AVC Advantage disenfranchise voters , or violate voter privacy , by causing votes not to be counted , and by allowing pollworkers to commit fraud .
IV .
AVC Advantage Results Cartridges can be easily manipulated to change votes , after the polls are closed but before results from different precincts are cumulated together .
V. Sequoia 's sloppy software practices can lead to error and insecurity .
Wyle 's Independent Testing Authority ( ITA ) reports are not rigorous , and are inadequate to detect security vulnerabilities .
Programming errors that slip through these processes can miscount votes and permit fraud .
VI .
Anomalies noticed by County Clerks in the New Jersey 2008 Presidential Primary were caused by two different programming errors on the part of Sequoia , and had the effect of disenfranchising voters .
VII .
The AVC Advantage has been produced in many versions .
The fact that one version may have been examined for certification does not give grounds for confidence in the security and accuracy of a different version .
New Jersey should not use any version of the AVC Advantage that it has not actually examined with the assistance of skilled computer - security experts .
VIII .
The AVC Advantage is too insecure to use in New Jersey .
New Jersey should immediately implement the 2005 law passed by the Legislature , requiring an individual voter - verified record of each vote cast , by adopting precinct - count optical - scan voting equipment .
In Swing States , Coordinated Disinformation is Sent to Student Voters , Challenges Being Made to Eligibility of Low - Income Voters Who've Lost Their Homes
The Democratic / Obama Response to the Assualt on Voting Rights Remains Nowhere Near What is Needed ...
Brad Friedman Byon 9/26/2008 , 3:05 pm PT
-- Brad Friedman
As you 'll note by the increase in items in John Gideon 's Daily Voting News , coverage of election concerns is again reaching a fevered pitch .
When it comes to election machines , most of those reports come far too late to effect any real change ( other than perhaps to help encourage election officials to ensure there will be plenty of paper ballots on hand , to make sure they tell voters and poll workers about them , and then to finally count those damned ballots ! )
It 's clear , however , that while most election officials likely do their job honestly , there are a great number of them around the country who have little interest in voters --- certain voters --- being allowed to excercise their franchise at all .
While there is little time to do much about the machines , as they prepare to melt down , there is still time do something on the front - end voter suppression issues .
Yet sadly , despite a few spotty efforts around the country , it seems those parties that do have an interest in voters actually voting ( such as Obama and the DNC ) have little clue about what they are facing .
At least from what I 've been able to learn about coordinated plans --- or lack thereof --- to combat the Republican assault on voting .
And , all the while , as Democrats dither , the well - coordinated Republican War on Democracy continues apace around the country , with new and disturbing reports coming out almost by the hour , revealing the national extent of the GOP 's anti-democracy campaign .
The effort , by a number of election officials in so - called " swing states " around the country , meant to keep Democratic - leaning voters , such as students and minorities , from casting votes this year , is remarkable and growing .
It is , of course , also appalling ...
Suppress the Student Vote ...
As Gideon 's DVN noted yesterday , we saw good coverage by Greg Gordon at McClatchy on the latest attempts to keep students from being able to excercise their legal franchise in swing states like Colorado , Virginia , and South Carolina .
Rightwing election officials in those states are sending out an alarming amount of false information meant to do nothing more than discourage student voters , in order to suppress the overall Democratic totals .
The anti-student , anti-democracy scam , now reported in at least three states , includes scare - tactics published by election officials , notifying students ( incorrectly ) that they may lose student aid and scholarships , etc. , if they register to vote where they go to school .
As the McClatchy piece highlights , the democracy - hater of the hour is El Paso County , CO , clerk and recorder Robert Balink .
The election clerk , who was also a Republican National Convention delegate , claims , now that he 's been caught , that his office " mistakenly published information that was incorrect " when he sent a notice to the president of Colorado College , urging him to circulate the ( dis ) information that students from out of state could not be claimed as dependents on their parents ' tax forms if they registered to vote in Colorado .
From McClatchy :
The flier stated : " What this means is that if your parents still claim you on their income tax returns , and they file that return in a state other than Colorado , you are not eligible to register to vote or vote in Colorado . "
The language in that " mistakenly published information " is remarkably similar to the notice put out by the despicable Montgomery County , VA Registrar , E. Randall Wertz a few weeks ago , in the Virginia Tech college town , reading :
The Code of Virginia states that a student must declare a legal residence in order to register .
A legal residence can be either a student 's permanent address from home or their current college residence .
By making Montgomery County your permanent residence , you have declared your independence from your parents and can no longer be claimed as a dependent on their income tax filings --- check with your tax professional .
If you have a scholarship attached to your former residence , you could lose this funding .
And , if you change your registration to Montgomery County , Virginia Code requires you to change your driver 's license and car registration to your present address within 30 days .
So who is it in the Republican National Party that is passing out that disinformation to registrars in swing states , directing them to publish that bullshit in college towns in order to scare student voters away from voting ?
Have the Democrats bothered to try and find out ?
These are n't accidents , people .
Wertz ' office has , since they were caught , retracted [ PDF ] the phony information .
But not before a number of students reportedly cancelled their registrations in the county , as based on the inaccurate edict .
Certainly many others did n't catch the retraction or wo n't bother to register , for fear of what it may cost them ( and their parents ) .
Virginia is , of course , up for grabs this year between McCain and Obama .
McClatchy reports that a similar situation has also been occuring in South Carolina , where a caller to the Greenville County registrar who had identified herself as college freshmen , was incorrectly advised that she " should vote where [ her ] parents live " if they were claiming her as a dependent .
A York County official , who was similarly called for information , " stated flatly : ' You ca n't vote here . ' "
Of course , Greenville County , now that they 've been caught , claims that the statement was " an error " .
Suppress the Low - Income / Minority Vote ...
And then there is the continuing concerns about challenges to voter eligibility as based on home foreclosure lists .
The issue finally popped nationally after a GOP official in Macomb County , MI , reportedly told a local media outlet that the Republicans had planned on doing exactly that .
" We will have a list of foreclosed homes and will make sure people are n't voting from those addresses , " Macomb 's Republican Party chair , James Caribelli is said to have told the Michigan Messenger .
After the outrage began , following the first article , Caribelli retracted his statement ( actually , he now claims he never said it ) in a a follow - up piece where he 's quoted as claiming he " never said anything even close to that .
We wo n't be doing voter challenges on foreclosures . "
But in that same follow - up , Eric Doster , a former MI Republican Party counsel who plans to represent GOP election challengers on Election Day , said that his party was planning to create challenge lists based on returned direct mail .
The practice is known as " vote caging " and the national Republican Party has been under two federal consent decrees , signed in the 80s , declaring that they would no longer engage in the practice .
Doster , however , said the state party plans to use caging lists to challenge voters anyway .
" I know this has been done in years past , " he told the Messenger , before adding , incorrectly and without evidence , that " both parties may be doing this . "
The MI issue occurred two weeks ago , and state Democrats , as we reported last week , finally took action by filing an injunction , hoping to stop it .
Rep. John Conyers then followed up at the House Judiciary Committee by requesting a " complete investigation " from the DoJ's Michael Mukasey , and demanding that John McCain order his campaign , and the GOP , to knock it off .
I 'm sure they 'll both get right on that .
Yesterday then , the New York Times finally jumped into the fray , reporting about the concerns of using foreclosure lists to challenge voters in Michigan , as well as in Ohio and elsehwere , given that some 1 million homeowners have found themselves on such lists over the last two years .
Responding to the concern in the Times was the U.S. Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) 's chairwoman , Rosemary Rodriguez , whole told reporter Ian Urbina that , " Our biggest concern is that many of these voters will stay home or that poll workers will give misinformation . "
Based on the information from election officials in the section above on student voting , you can bet your bottom dollar that there will be plenty of " misinformation " given by pollworkers , after they receive it in their training by those same Republican election officials who are the foot soldiers in this War .
Urbina goes on to report that the " flashpoints " in these battles , are likely to be in swingstates ...
Many of the nation 's highest foreclosure rates are also in crucial swing states like Colorado , Florida , Michigan and Ohio .
Because many homeowners in foreclosure are black or poor , and are considered probable Democratic voters in many areas , the issue has begun to have political ramifications .
He goes on to report that ...
Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. , the Democratic vice - presidential candidate , sent a letter last week along with a dozen other Democratic senators to Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey asking him to ensure that voters facing foreclosure are not harassed or intimidated at polling places .
As mentioned , Mukasey is no doubt getting on that straight away .
In Ohio , Democratic Sec. of State Jennifer Brunner responded to the increasing concerns this week , by issuing a directive [ PDF ] outlining the process for challenging voters based , in part , on evidence that their home was foreclosed .
She notes that foreclosure alone is not grounds for removal from the voting rolls .
Though the Ohio laws on all of this are certainly confusing enough to allow for chaos on Election Day ... if any particular party had an interest in creating same .
The Times goes on to note [ the " updated " text within is theirs ] :
Asked whether his party planned to use foreclosure information to compile challenge lists , Robert Bennett , a spokesman for the Ohio Republican Party , said the party did not discuss its election strategies in public .
[ After this article was published , Mr. Bennett sent an e-mail message adding that the Ohio Republican Party condemns " any effort to challenge the eligibility of voters based on home foreclosures . " ]
The back - peddling ass - coverage by the Ohio Republican Party chair , Bennett ( who has a history of filthy tactics , even as he'd been simultaneously the ORP chair and chief of Cuyahoga County 's ( Cleveland ) Election Commission , until he was fired , along with all of the other members , Republican and Democrat alike , by Brunner once she took office ) is little suprise .
Like his compatriot Dosten in MI , you 'll note Bennett 's narrow point that they wo n't challenge " based on home foreclosures . "
The door to other challenges , of course , remains wide open , and will be fully exploited between here and November 4th and , I 'd predict , also seen on Election Day in ways that will make the disaster of 2004 look like a tea party .
Bennett , in classic Bennettesque mock outrage , went on to issue a statement at the Ohio Republican website , claiming these concerns to be little more than " Leftwing Conspiracy " ( sound familiar yet ? ) " based on nothing more than conspiracies being perpetuated by leftwing bloggers and the Obama campaign .
" Let me be very clear on this , " he said , " We absolutely condemn any effort to challenge the eligibility of voters based on home foreclosures . "
Of course you do , Bob .
John Kerry reportedly lost Ohio in 2004 , by just 118,443 votes .
That result , even as reported by Bush / Cheney 's 2004 Ohio co-chair and Republican Secretary of State J. Kenneth Blackwell , was close enough that had just 6 votes , in each Ohio precinct , been recorded for Kerry instead of Bush , we'd have a different person sitting in the White House today .
And yet , as the Times reports :
In Ohio , 375,000 people filed change - of - address forms with the Postal Service , but when state officials sent them cards asking for updated registration information , only 24,000 responded .
In Missouri , where 250,000 people notified the Postal Service of their move , only 22,000 told the election board .
The greatest concern , at least for me , is that these challenges on Election Day ( whethere genuine or not ) will succeed in holding up lines at the polls in such a way as to make the lines in 2004 look like nothing .
After several days of asking various questions to Brunner 's office , in trying to get a clearer understanding of their policy and directives , I 've come to learn that only poll workers or judges can challenge voters on Election Day .
That point , unfortunately , offers little comfort .
Given that we 're talking about Ohio here , one of the worst political snakepits in the country , the Republicans will have plenty of their own poll workers and judges in place to challenge anybody and everybody they can , however they can dream up a reason --- legitimate or otheriwse --- for doing so .
Will the Democrats have their own folks in place to fight this ground war ?
Given their lackluster pushback against assaults on voters in dozens of states so far , it seems unlikely they 'll be prepared to get it right again this year either .
2004 redux .
In Michigan yesterday , the Democratic - led House passed a bill " intended to keep voters who are dealing with home foreclosure from being challenged at the polls , " according to the Michigan Messenger .
The bill must now pass muster in the Republican - led Senate .
We 'll see if it makes it out alive in time to have any effect whatsoever on Election Day .
Take Action on Your Own ...
Rather than waiting for either Democrats or Republicans , I 'd recommend you take matters in your own hands ...
You can sign up to be a poll worker in any state , via PollworkersForDemocracy.com .
You can check your registration status , and / or make changes to it , in all 50 states , via VotersUnite.org 's handy reference page .
( Deadline in most states is Oct. 6th )
You can demand your favorite candidate take the StandingForVoters.org pledge to not conceed the election this year , until every vote is counted , and all questions about election results have been answers .
I recommend you take all of the above actions .
Pretty please .
now available starting at just $ 5 ! to help your democracy !
Please help support our continuing coverage of your election system , as found nowhere else .
Click here for a number of cool collector 's edition premiumsto help
The BRAD BLOG keep up the fight for election integrity indemocracy !
The Pirate Bay has always made it clear that they do n't obey takedown requests from content owners .
That does n't stop Hollywood from going after the Pirate Bay 's users , however , and they do so on a large scale .
The Pirate Bay is well aware of these pirate tracking outfits , and does what it can to give them a hard time .
Reporting fake peers is one of the tricks they use .
Most often , companies such as BayTSP and MediaSentry are hired to connect to BitTorrent trackers , and send takedown notices to the users ( via their ISP ) who download movies , TV - shows or music albums of a company they represent .
This is a fairly easy process , since BitTorrent is far from anonymous :
Every user necessarily broadcasts his or her IP - address to other peers in the swarm .
Sometimes anti-piracy outfits use their own trackers to gather evidence .
Last week we reported that The Pirate Bay started to actively remove these suspicious trackers from their torrents , with some help from torrenteditor.com .
Running a tracker is not required though , to collect information from BitTorrent users .
In fact , many attempt to use publicly available trackers such as The Pirate Bay to do so .
However , the tracker owners are aware of this , and trick these tracking companies by polluting the list of IP - addresses the tracker returns .
That is one of the techniques The Pirate Bay uses , just to show how flawed the evidence gathering is .
Polluting the evidence works like this .
When a client asks for a list of peers who are downloading the same torrent , the tracker software automatically inserts several “ random IP addresses ” that are not in the swarm .
They are based on existing sub-nets , but might be from people who may not even be aware that BitTorrent exists .
This means that the evidence that ’s being gathered by anti-piracy companies includes IPs that belong to people that were not downloading the movie or album they are accused of .
Perfect deniability , as the people who coded the tracker software explain .
Of course , this does n’t work when the pirate - tracking company requires itself to connect to the peer , before the IP - address is collected , since it is impossible to connect to a non-existing peer .
A representative from BayTSP told TorrentFreak that they have such a requirement , but several others are less thorough , which makes their claims useless , and impossible to defend in court .
The best solution is of course to ban these anti-piracy companies from using the tracker in the first place .
This is something The Pirate Bay is working on as well , and they have blocked many IP - ranges already , but it ’s impossible to ban them all .
Unlike most of the suits in Hollywood , the companies that go after illicit file - sharers are experts in their field , and know more about BitTorrent than many users .
They try to circumvent blocklists such as PeerGuardian whenever possible , and change IPs when they are marked .
Pirate Bay co-founder TiAMO told TorrentFreak that he has several criteria on which he can pick out the suspicious users that might be collecting IP - addresses .
He also said that he ’s working on a automated warning system which will operate as a sniffer on a monitor port .
That project is far from complete , but has the potential to detect suspicious behavior more easily .
Nevertheless , it is impossible ( as the name might give away ) to keep the prying eyes of Hollywood off public trackers .
Even private trackers are far from secure , as most anti-piracy companies have accounts at the larger communities .
The private in “ private tracker ” merely refers to the fact that you have to login , and has nothing to do with “ security ” .
The Pirate Bay ( and other tracker owners ) take several measures to prevent their users from being tracked by anti-piracy outfits , but there ’s only so much they can do .
Aspiring chef dies hours after making ultra - hot sauce for chilli-eating contest
An aspiring cook who challenged his friend to a chilli- eating contest died just hours later .
Andrew Lee , 33 , had used a bag of home - grown red chillies to make a super - hot sauce .
The forklift truck driver , who had recently passed a medical at work , dared his girlfriend 's brother to eat a spoonful - then ate a plateful himself .
Shortly after he had a heart attack and died .
Andrew Lee made an ultra - hot sauce with homegrown chillis .
The morning after he was found unconscious and paramedics were unable to revive him
Mr Lee took a jar of the sauce to his girlfriend 's house last weekend , where he challenged her brother Michael , his family said .
His sister , Claire Chadbourne , 29 , explained : ' They had a contest over who could make the hottest chilli sauce .
' Andrew had used chillies to make Thai dishes before but had never made anything this hot .
' My dad grew the chillies especially for Andrew .
The contest was planned and he gave them to him .
' Andrew just ate it with a plate of Dolmio .
It was not a proper meal because he had already eaten lamb chops and mash after coming home from work .
I do n't know if Michael ate the chilli sauce as well . '
But as he went to bed after the contest , Mr Lee , of Edlington , Doncaster , had complained of itching , she added .
The next morning , his girlfriend Samantha Bailey , a mother of four , found him unconscious .
She called an ambulance , but paramedics were unable to revive him .
Mr Lee was pronounced dead at the scene .
Mrs Chadbourne added : ' He apparently got into bed at 2.30 am and started scratching all over .
' His girlfriend scratched his back until he fell asleep .
She woke up and he was dead .
' Who would have thought he could have died from eating chilli sauce ?
We do n't know of anything else that could have caused his death .
' He was perfectly healthy and the post - mortem showed no heart problems . '
She added : ' He loved cooking for his friends and was a good cook .
He always said he wanted to be a chef but did n't want to start at the bottom .
' He would do anything for anybody .
He never held a grudge and loved fishing and computers . '
Mr Lee 's mother , Pamela , 61 , said : ' He had used chillies in cooking but never made a sauce like this before .
1'He tested the sauce after making it , stuck his finger in and went to wash it , saying , " Wow , that 's hot . "
' We do n't know what happened to him .
Something has given him a cardiac arrest and we can only put it down to the chilli sauce . '
Toxicology tests are under way to see whether Mr Lee had a fatal reaction to the sauce .
Attempts to develop ever hotter varieties of chilli pepper have been condemned by health experts , who warn of potentially lethal effects .
Mild adverse reactions can include burning eyes , a streaming nose and uncontrollable hiccups .
This is the second time this year that the Vandals have altered uniforms for taste reasons .
The American football team took the university logo – an “ I ” – off the seat of their trousers after the first game of the season .
Still , the move will likely start an intense political debate during the presidential election campaign over who is to blame for the financial crisis that prompted the rescue .
Image People lined up Tuesday outside an office of an American International Group subsidiary in Singapores main business district .
Credit ... Vivek Prakash / Reuters
Representative Barney Frank , Democrat of Massachusetts and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , said Mr. Paulson and Mr. Bernanke had not requested any new legislative authority for the bailout at Tuesday night ’s meeting .
“ The secretary and the chairman of the Fed , two Bush appointees , came down here and said , ‘ We ’re from the government , we ’re here to help them , ’ ” Mr. Frank said .
“ I mean this is one more affirmation that the lack of regulation has caused serious problems .
That the private market screwed itself up and they need the government to come help them unscrew it . ”
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi quickly criticized the rescue , calling the $ 85 billion a " staggering sum . "
Ms. Pelosi said the bailout was " just too enormous for the American people to guarantee . "
Her comments suggested that the Bush administration and the Fed would face sharp questioning in Congressional hearings .
President Bush was briefed earlier in the afternoon .
A major concern is that the A.I.G. rescue wo n’t be the last .
At Tuesday night ’s meeting .
lawmakers asked if there was any way of knowing if this would be the final major government intervention .
Mr. Bernanke and Mr. Paulson said there was not .
Indeed , the markets remain worried about the financial condition of major regional banks as well as that of Washington Mutual , the nation ’s largest thrift .
The decision was a remarkable turnaround by the Bush administration and Mr. Paulson , who had flatly refused over the weekend to risk taxpayer money to prevent the collapse of Lehman Brothers or the distressed sale of Merrill Lynch to Bank of America .
Earlier this year , the government bailed out another investment bank , Bear Stearns , by engineering a sale to JPMorgan Chase that left taxpayers on the hook for up to $ 29 billion of bad investments by Bear Stearns .
The government hoped at the time that this unusual step would both calm markets and lead to a recovery by the financial system .
But critics warned at the time that it would only encourage others to seek bailouts , and the eventual costs to the government would be staggering .
The decision to rescue A.I.G. came on the same day that the Fed decided to leave its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 2 percent , turning aside hopes by many on Wall Street that the Fed would try to shore up confidence by cutting rates once again .
Fed and Treasury officials initially turned a cold shoulder to A.I.G. when company executives pleaded on Sunday night for the Fed to provide a $ 40 billion bridge loan to stave off a crippling downgrade of its credit ratings as a result of investment losses that totalled tens of billions of dollars .
Become a Patron for exclusive content and a peek behind - the - scenes of the PBF
Senator John McCain ’s truth - deficient campaign hit another low last Friday with a fraudulent new ad , this time about immigration .
The ad , in Spanish , accuses Senator Barack Obama and his Congressional allies of killing immigration reform .
It ’s a gross distortion .
Here is an English translation :
Announcer : Obama and his Congressional allies say they are on the side of immigrants .
But are they ?
The press reports that their efforts were “ poison pills ” that made immigration reform fail .
The result : No guest worker program .
No path to citizenship .
No secure borders .
No reform .
Is that being on our side ?
Obama and his Congressional allies ready to block immigration reform , but not ready to lead .
John McCain : I ’m John McCain and I approve this message .
Block immigration reform ?
The Democrats ?
Mr. Obama opposing a path to citizenship ?
Welcome to the night - is - day , down - is - up , world of the McCain campaign .
Some history :
Last year ’s Senate immigration bill was a big , fat compromise that had a lot in it to please both sides in the debate .
Among other things , it added tough layers of enforcement at the border and in the workplace , and included a ( long and torturous ) path to citizenship for illegal immigrants .
The bill was a right - of - center compromise .
Back in the day , Mr. McCain — who once drafted a comprehensive immigration bill with Senator Edward Kennedy — would have led the charge for a bill like this .
Back when he was still an independent thinker on immigration .
But by the time this bill came along , Mr. McCain was eager to win over the right - wing base of his party , which has never trusted him on immigration ( or a number of other issues ) .
Rather than continue to play the maverick , Mr. McCain largely absented himself from negotiations — and slipped meekly back into the herd .
The bill that emerged from that process was a mess .
Advocates of comprehensive reform held their noses and supported it , hoping it could be improved in conference .
Republicans attacked it , egged on by talk - radio hosts waging an all - out assault on what they called an “ amnesty bill . ”
Hundreds of amendments were proposed to kill it or improve it , depending on your point of view , and some were called “ poison pills ” by the “ grand bargainers ” who had assembled the unwieldy compromise .
So , here is what that misleading Spanish ad is referring to .
Mr. Obama supported an amendment from Senator Byron Dorgan , backed by unions , that would have phased out a guest - worker program after five years .
The amendment passed , 49 to 48 , but it was no poison pill .
“ Not one member of Congress stood up and said , ‘ I ’m voting against the bill because of that Dorgan amendment , ' ” said Frank Sharry , executive director of America ’s Voice , an organization supporting comprehensive immigration reform .
“ It ’s preposterous .
Not even close . ”
In the end , it was n’t that amendment or any others supported by Mr. Obama that caused the fragile coalition to fall apart .
The bill was killed by Mr. McCain ’s party .
Its supporters were hoping to attract 25 to 30 Republican votes , but they could only round up 12 , in the wake of all of those right - wing attacks .
Mr. McCain once was a moderate on immigration — and steadfast .
Now he ’s slippery .
Marching in step with the Lou Dobbs crowd , he talks of border security first and foremost .
He says he would have voted against his own McCain - Kennedy bill .
He leads a party whose convention platform pushes a hard restrictionist line .
But at the same time Mr. McCain panders to Latino immigrants , in Spanish , accusing Mr. Obama of not being on “ our side ” — the pro-amnesty side .
Does this mean that Mr. McCain truly regrets the demise of the “ path to citizenship ” ?
That he really supports it , and will push for it harder than Mr. Obama will ?
Is he willing to stand up to his own party on that ?
If he is , let ’s hear him say so — in English , too .
Chernobyl 's Subclinical Legacy : Prenatal Exposure to Radioactive Fallout and School Outcomes in Sweden
NBER Working Paper No. 13347
Issued in August 2007 , Revised in September 2007
NBER Program(s ) : Economics of Aging , Children , Environment and Energy Economics , Economics of Education , Health Economics , Labor Studies
Japanese atomic bomb survivors irradiated 8 - 25 weeks after ovulation subsequently suffered reduced IQ [ Otake and Schull , 1998 ] .
Whether these findings generalize to low doses ( less than 10 m Gy ) has not been established .
This paper exploits the natural experiment generated by the Chernobyl nuclear accident in April 1986 , which caused a spike in radiation levels in Sweden .
In a comprehensive data set of 562,637 Swedes born 1983 - 1988 , we find that the cohort in utero during the Chernobyl accident had worse school outcomes than adjacent birth cohorts , and this deterioration was largest for those exposed approximately 8 - 25 weeks post conception .
Moreover , we find larger damage among students born in regions that received more fallout : students from the eight most affected municipalities were 3.6 percentage points less likely to qualify to high school as a result of the fallout .
Our findings suggest that fetal exposure to ionizing radiation damages cognitive ability at radiation levels previously considered safe .
Acknowledgments
Machine - readable bibliographic record - MARC , RIS , BibTeX
Document Object Identifier ( DOI ) : 10.3386/w13347
Published : Quarterly Journal of Economics , November 2009 , Vol. 124 , No. 4 , Pages 1729 - 1772 citation courtesy of
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded * these :
By Vanessa Barford
BBC News
Ricky Gervais is the first to admit that his teeth are neither white nor straight - and Americans mistakenly think he wears bad false teeth for comedic purposes .
Why the dental divide ?
British teeth are not like American teeth .
Hollywood smiles are pearly white paragons of straightness .
British teeth might be described as having character .
These are my real teeth .
You think I 'd wear them all the time if they were n't real ?
Ricky Gervais ' reply to interviewer remarking on his ' false teeth '
So much character , in fact , that Ricky Gervais says one US journalist complimented him on being prepared to wear unflattering false teeth for his role as an English dentist in his latest film , Ghost Town .
Only he did n't .
" He was horrified that I could have such horrible real teeth .
It 's like the biggest difference between the Brits and the Americans , they are obsessed with perfect teeth , " says Gervais .
Unlike many British stars hoping to make it big across the Atlantic , Gervais has n't bought himself a Hollywood Smile .
But what is it about the bright white and perfectly straight teeth of Los Angeles that Americans love - and expect of their public figures ?
PROUD / ASHAMED OF YOUR TEETH ?
SEND YOUR PICS E-mail : yourpics@bbc.co.uk , subject TEETH MMS from UK : 61124 Int MMS : +44 7725 100100
Terms and conditions " Americans have the idea uniformity is equivalent to looking good .
The British character is more free - spirited , more radical , " says Professor Liz Kay , dean of the Peninsula Dental School in Exeter and Plymouth .
She says Americans aspire to a row of teeth which are absolutely even and white .
Artificial smile
Whiter than white , it transpires .
Teeth naturally vary in colour and the palette can tend closer to cream than white .
Kate Beckinsale , now glossy of mane and white of tooth " US teeth are sometimes whiter than it is physically possible to get in nature - there is a new reality out there .
The most extreme tooth bleaching is terrifying , it looks like it 's painted with gloss paint and has altered what people perceive as normal , " says Professor Jimmy Steele , of the School of Dental Science at Newcastle University .
The British traditionally prefer " nice natural smiles - natural in colour " , he says , and have had a more functional view of teeth and dentistry , whereas Americans have always seen teeth more aesthetically , hence the rise of the artificial smile in show business and pop culture .
Cue jibes such as The Bumper Book of British Smiles which cajoles Lisa Simpson into having a brace , and Mike Myers ' mockery of buck - toothed Brits in Austin Powers .
Conversely , in the UK the snide remarks are saved for those who have had obvious work done , such as Simon Cowell or glamour model Jodie Marsh .
When it was widely reported that Martin Amis had secured a book advance in 1995 to help " do his teeth " - which the author denied - he was lampooned by critics .
And more recently there has been much speculation over whether Gordon Brown has had a smile makeover .
Until now it has been considered rather un -British to go for an upgrade , says Professor Steele .
A new smile for a job on US TV He now performs cosmetic dentistry on a wide spectrum of patients , from an 82 - year - old woman with overlapping teeth who finally wanted to " do something for herself " , to a 17 - year - old worried that fluoride had given her mottled teeth that were whiter than normal .
But the main difference is that Brits tend to go for more conservative treatments .
" Dental tools can do an awful lot of damage if used inappropriately .
Crowns can mean a perfectly good tooth has to be cut down , which can weaken the tooth or damage nerves in the long run , " he says .
Metal mouth
While it is starting to be more common to see braces on adults , most people opt for quicker solutions , says Martin Fallowfield , a cosmetic dentist and executive board member of the British Dentist Association .
Whitening can be done by chemicals or UV light " Quite often teeth whitening is a 40th or 50th birthday present , " he says , a procedure that can be done in a dentist 's chair in two hours for about £ 650 .
A more intensive " smile makeover " - perhaps involving veneers , crowns and reconstruction work - can take months and cost anything from £ 2,000 to £ 10,000 .
Dentistry in the UK is a £ 5 bn market , and Mr Fallowfield expects this to rise to £ 15 bn within 10 years , largely fuelled by private cosmetic dentistry .
While NHS dentists are in short supply in parts of the country , the number of dentists registered with the General Dental Council is up from 31,029 in 2000 to 35,419 in 2007 .
On average , cosmetic procedures account for a third of a dentist 's income from non-NHS work , according to research by the British Dental Association .
Among Mr Fallowfield 's patients is Jenny Horton , 36 , who has had four crowns redone , six new ones added and her lower teeth whitened after she had a baby .
Toothpaste has long promised to do more than just clean " The first thing I notice on people is their smile , " she says .
" I wanted a confidence boost - I was putting my hand over my mouth before , now I can smile .
And the compliments have come flooding in : people have n't noticed my teeth , but say I look well . "
But Brits have n't embraced the full Hollywood makeover - yet .
" Americans do n't mind this unnaturally white look .
It 's a new phenomenon , like buying a Rolls Royce and telling the world .
They are wearing a smile as a badge , " says Mr Fallowfield .
Nor do aspiring actors and actresses need to get a new and very expensive set of pearly - whites , says Sylvia Young , of the eponymous theatre school .
" A trip to the orthodontist can be a good idea , to get the teeth straightened if need be . "
As for the likes of Ricky Gervais , it makes sense to stick to his guns , says Mr Fallowfield .
" A lot of people in his place would have had their teeth fixed in this day and age .
But for comedians , it 's good to look unique . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
Mostly US kids get braces after their baby teeth fall out and then you go to the dentist once or twice a year .
Stars are under a much finer microscope so they take more extreme measures , but we really do n't obsess about it that much .
The fact is , straight teeth are healthier , easier to maintain and look better .
It takes very little effort to have this done the way the majority in the US do it .
I actually have never had an major dental work , including braces , outside of fillings and cleanings .
I guess I do n't understand why having healthy straight teeth is considered a bad thing .
It 's not a lot of work .
Adam , Boston , US
It 's hilarious really , all the cosmetic dentistry means that people end up looking like they have false teeth , Frank Butcher style .
May appeal to some , but certainly does n't to me .
Fay , Witham I have long thought that most women look better with their natural teeth than a row of perfect brilliant white teeth that look like a row of tomb stones .
The famous model Dovima ( Dorothy Horan ) had a unique natural beauty when she first started modelling in the early 1950s , but in my view she ruined it by having her teeth crowned .
To me a row of perfect white teeth just says " American woman " , give me the natural look any day .
Adrian , Brixham , Devon UK
As an American , I must admit that I scoff at people that have crowned , whitened , and straightened their teeth .
I grew up with relatively straight teeth so I feel fortunate .
But I remember when I was quite young , before cosmetic dentistry existed , my father implored my mom to have all of her upper teeth removed because one tooth , just one , was not quite in place .
She conceded and I believe always resented that because she quickly found dentures not only unnatural but uncomfortable .
Cheers to natural smiles everywhere , ones with natural character and beauty .
Mahdee , Iowa , US Good for Ricky Gervais .
I 'm an American and for years now I 've thought those glow in the dark preternaturally white teeth look weird .
I 've all my teeth , and at the age of 53 they 've a nice mellowed ivory colour , but they 're sound .
That 's enough for me .
Thomas , Londonderry USA
This article is heavily flawed , it is not a battle between ultra worked - on teeth and brown jagged gnarly teeth .
Brits should just start doing what Americans do , brushing their teeth and going to the orthodontist as children if it is necessary and within an individual 's budget .
A few hundred years ago tooth decay and rot were a leading cause of death .
You only come with one adult set so why not take care of them ?
Andrew , Cincinnati , USA I'm American and I have very straight , very white teeth that have never had braces or been whitened , and I 've never had a cavity .
We have had fluoride in our water since the 70s - we have better , healthier teeth because of it .
Jessica , New York City Andrew in Cincinnati : WE !
DO !
CLEAN !
OUR !
TEETH !
( and a good number of my friends had orthadontics too )
The point of the article was n't that clean teeth are a waste of time , but that real teeth do n't stay that white without actually bleaching them .
It 's not as if one can just ignore tooth decay , but having creamy - colour teeth is not tooth decay .
And slightly off - kilter teeth do n't damage anyone 's health .
Lindsay , Derbyshire Let 's not also forget that fluoride has been added to the water supplies of Canadian and American towns and cities to assist in dental health since the late 1960's .
We here seem to object to something as simple and basic as this which has major implications to good dental hygiene and less cost to the NHS .
Go figure !
Pete Schilling , Sturry , Kent Wow , Andrew from Cincinnati seems to have a poor impression of Brits !
I 'm sure ( nearly ) all clean their teeth and go to the dentist .
The difference seems to be in the level of cosmetic manipulation undertaken on all parts of the body ( I 'd only ever seen people who'd had facelifts on the TV before my recent trip to the US ) .
Perhaps Brits are just a bit less obsessed with celebrity " perfection " ?
Jules , London
My parents were too poor to afford dental work for themselves until adulthood .
I on the other hand went to the dentist every four to six months from the time my first tooth appeared .
I am thankful that , unlike my parents , I do have straight and white teeth .
I do find the unnatural glow - in - the - dark white teeth of some disturbing .
That said , I also must be quintessentially American in that I do n't understand why anyone with the means would n't want straight white teeth .
Kerry , Los Angeles , CA Surely the concern should not be to point a laugh at a handful of Americans for going to far with cosmetic dentistry , when so few people in Britain do not have access to an NHS dentist .
Britons pride themselves for providing socialized medicine to all - but there has been a systematic collapse in dentistry that has largely occurred without public outcry .
But after all no - one likes going to the dentist , do they ?
Duncan Brumby , London
Yeah cause of course we Brits are so far behind the Americans that we never brush our teeth , have never heard of an orthodontist and certainly would never dream of taking our kids to a dentist .
How foolish can some people be ?
Wake up - perfect white teeth look totally fake .
This is why the American version of extreme makeover churns out clones every time .
It is ok to have your own look .
I have a gap in my teeth and I think it 's cute .
Sarah , Sheffield
As an American cosmetic dentist , I must say I hold a similar disdain for smiles that are so white and perfect that they are obviously fake .
Such teeth are as bad as an obvious facelift or oversized breast augmentation .
I want the patient to look like they were born with a beautiful smile , not be a walking neon sign .
That said , many of my patients demand it .
Doing a case on someone who has been self conscious of their teeth their whole life and giving them a reason to smile with confidence for the first time is an amazing feeling .
Dr. Greg Grobmyer , Jackson , Tennessee , USA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Over the past few years , Japan has changed its view on gambling quite a bit .
Once start opponents of almost all forms of betting ...
The financial crisis that began 13 months ago has entered a new , far more serious phase .
Lingering hopes that the damage could be contained to a handful of financial institutions that made bad bets on mortgages have evaporated .
New fault lines are emerging beyond the original problem -- troubled subprime mortgages -- in areas like credit - default swaps , the credit insurance contracts sold by American International Group Inc. and others .
There 's also a growing sense of wariness about the health of trading partners .
The ...
Watch On - the -Go
Download the UFC Mobile App for past & live fights and more !
Individuals who have filed for bankruptcy protection since Congress overhauled U.S. bankruptcy laws in 2005 have faced a more expensive process as attorneys ' fees have risen by roughly half , according to a government report .
In a report issued Monday , the U.S. Government Accountability Office said attorneys ' fees for individuals who file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy - court protection increased by 51 % since the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act took effect in October 2005 .
The ...
If you 're General Motors ( GM ) and you just lost $ 15.5 billion last quarter , you 're burning through cash at a rate of $ 1 billion a month and your last great hope , the plug - in hybrid Chevy Volt , could easily fail , you 'd celebrate the small victories , too .
So it is with great pride that GM announces that its recent sales incentives are working !
WSJ :
General Motors Corp .
On Wednesday said it will extend its Employee - Discount - For - Everyone deals through the end of September , citing a strong response to the incentive program ....
" We 're seeing strong customer response and the dealers have been really enthusiastic , " [ GM Spokesman John ] McDonald said .
Of course , " strong customer response " is all relative : GM 's sales are expected to drop 20 % - 30 % in August .
But GM will clear out more inventory than it had expected , and there 's even a chance GM will hold onto its coveted " global sales leader " title over Toyota ( TM ) .
However , this news is a small blip on GM 's radar that would be best ignored : sales incentives like this cannibalize future demand ( by persuading customers to buy now ) and mean that the company is sellling cars at lower - than - expected profit margins ( or , worse , at a loss ) .
Unless , now that gas prices have dropped , you 're interested in buying a discounted Hummer , GM is still in trouble .
See Also :
General Motors ( GM ) : We Deserve A Bailout , Too ( GM , F )
Everything Must Go! GM Offers Employee Pricing To Everyone ( Again ) ( GM , TM )
Toyota ( TM ) : Chevy Volt ( GM ) Is A Dead Man Walking ( GM , TM )
General Motors ( GM ) Volt : Late , Overpriced , Money - Losing , and Dreamy ... But Beloved ( GM )
AN INFLUX of migrants means up to 35 different languages are spoken in individual Bournemouth primary schools .
One in 10 pupils at Malmesbury Park Primary School cannot speak English and a further 15 per cent have needed extra help to learn the language in the past .
The picture is the same at St Michael ’s Primary in the town centre , the area most affected by the culture change .
And some Boscombe schools are seeing dramatic rises in the number of pupils categorised as EAL ( English as an Additional Language ) .
Such statistics are common in inner-city areas of the UK , where ethnic minorities routinely outnumber white British pupils .
But the figures are likely to surprise many people who may not have previously thought it applied to Dorset David Blakely , head teacher of Malmesbury Park in Lowther Road , said the number of languages spoken in the school had risen gradually over the last 10 years .
“ There is a wide variety from Polish and Korean to Arabian and different forms of Spanish , ” he told the Daily Echo .
“ We have n’t even heard of some of the languages until the children arrive here . ”
He said around 60 of the school ’s 635 pupils need intensive support because they cannot speak English and said two teaching assistants have been employed to help them .
An extra teacher also comes in two days a week .
“ I firmly believe it does not have a bad effect on the rest of the pupils in the school , ” added Mr Blakely .
“ The school has done relatively well in recent tests .
“ The children here are learning about the differences between different cultures and learning to get on together , which is a good thing . ”
And he continued : “ They are learning life skills that it would be hard to teach without that ethnic mix . ”
Still Wondering How to get Free Robux No Survey No Scam No Human Verification for Kids .
Than stop wondering , read the below post and Learn How to get Free Robux No Survey without Verification .
Get free Robux Codes No Download No Offers .
Free Robux Generator
How to get Free Robux No Survey No Scam No Human Verification for Kids
There are a lot of ways and websites which offer free robux to everybody .
Some of them do legally by partnering with the roblux community and having permission to distribute free robux to their users .
They complete some tasks or subscribe or purchase something from them .
Whereas some websites just find loopholes in the games and hack unlimited robux from it .
In this post I am going to show you working robux hack .
You can do virtually anything with Robux in Roblux games .
If you ’re having infinite Robux then it is easy to complete all the games and purchase everything and also rank 1 in chief board .
In case you have some understanding on how the algorithm works and some ability in each and every match .
If you are a person who is very addicted and curious to robux games and you do n’t have sufficient money to spend for matches , then you ’re at the perfect location .
In this post I will discuss about all the possible ways to hack Free Robux no Generator Survey without Human Verification and revel in your gaming .
The Free Robux 2019 tool mentioned is 100 % functioning as it is updated consistently according to the newest Robux algorithms
How to Get Free Robux No Survey No Scam
Enter your Email First that you use to play Robux Game Online
Authenticate your Profile .
Enter the Robux Amount
Hit the Button Create
Await the email Confirmation
Free Robux Generator
Even after that you do n’t get Free Robux No Survey No Scam No Human Verification for Kids or you did not understand ways to receive free robux .
Now you understand How to get Free Robux No Survey No Scam No Human Verification for Kids
Grand opening of Dubai mall threatened as sharks in display aquarium turn on each other with 40 killed so far
Shark fights in one of the world 's biggest aquariums are threatening the opening celebrations of Dubai 's flagship new mall .
Over ten per cent of the sharks in Dubai Aquarium 's 10 million - litre tank have been killed in attacks that have marred the build - up to its grand opening on October 30 .
Sand Tiger sharks have killed at least 40 smaller reef sharks and been aggressive towards divers working on final preparations in the giant tank .
The stunning new Dubai Mall Aquarium which will be unveiled to the public on 30th October this year - if the sharks can be brought under control
The aquarium features the world 's single largest school of sharks and the world 's largest viewing platform .
It is the centrepiece of the new 5.9 million sq ft Burj Dubai Mall .
Built to showcase one of the world 's most diverse and exotic collections of marine animals , the aquarium is home to more than 33,000 living specimens .
A total of 85 species is represented , with over 400 sharks and rays considered the main attraction .
But the concentration of such a large number of sharks in a small space has led to what some might have considered predictable problems for the Dubai Mall 's management .
General manager Yousuf Al Ali admitted the world 's most feared ocean predator had caused teething problems .
" It is inevitable that aquatic species die - sometimes out of natural causes or out of injuries inflicted by bigger fish species , " he said .
" Sand Tiger sharks , by nature , are fish - eating .
However , all sharks and other animals in the Dubai Aquarium & Discovery Centre at The Dubai Mall are currently on a monitored feeding schedule in order to subdue their naturally opportunistic behaviour and appetite . "
Divers carrying out tasks in the tank have also been attacked by the naturally aggressive sharks .
Several have had their equipment damaged and experienced minor injuries due to the behaviour of the sharks , according to UAE daily Khaleej Times .
Mr Ali said : " During the stages of setting up the aquarium , two cases of minor injuries were reported and were immediately attended to by the on - site medical team . "
The aquarium features a 270 - degree acrylic walk - through tunnel designed to give shoppers close encounters with some of the most diverse marine life on the planet .
Hopefully they will not be witnessing the world 's greatest shark fight .
What the Fed 's Worried About THE U.S. HOUSING BUBBLE ISN'T GETTING ANY SMALLER ....
( FORTUNE Magazine ) – What 's going on ?
Homebuyers used to have conniptions at the merest whiff of a rise in interest rates .
Not now .
They 're still gaily creating a house - buying boom despite the fact that the 30 - year - mortgage rate has climbed to 7.88 % from 6.79 % since the beginning of the year .
Nobody seems to care -- sales of new and existing homes are at record levels , and house prices are soaring ahead of inflation .
But if homebuyers are happily oblivious , the Federal Reserve Board is not .
When it meets on Oct. 5 to decide whether to raise interest rates again , it will have its eye on those giddy homebuyers .
What concerns the Fed is this :
The housing market has traditionally been one of the most important channels by which rate increases are transmitted to the economy as a whole .
So if its rate hikes are n't doing what they 're supposed to , the Fed gets nervous .
Let 's take a closer look at the house - buying mania .
Part of the reason for the boom may be a last - minute rush to buy homes ahead of further rises in rates , but there 's more than that going on here .
Competition among lenders has changed the market , and the result is that long - term mortgage rates may play a less important role than they used to .
Lenders now offer adjustable - rate mortgages , for example , determined more by a bank 's short - term cost of funds , and buyers are snapping them up .
The mortgage - approval process has become faster and easier because of computerization and the Internet .
Then there 's a whole new group of homebuyers , in part driven by the federal government 's aim to increase the stock of affordable housing .
Those who once only dreamed of owning their own home are today being courted by mortgage lenders that require lower down payments and no credit history .
According to Fannie Mae 's chief economist , David Berson , at least as important as these changes in the mortgage market is consistently high consumer confidence bolstered by growing employment .
" Without that , " he says , " there would be no housing boom . "
But there is a boom , and it 's a big one .
Suddenly , buying a home has become a great investment -- and that 's not true just in coastal or Sunbelt hot spots , it 's true even in places like suburban Detroit .
In 90 % of all U.S. metro areas , in fact , real house prices are rising an average of 3 % a year .
After a 15 - year period from 1980 to 1995 , when home prices were stagnant at best , any real gains are a major achievement .
In some centers , such as New York City , the San Francisco Bay Area , and Los Angeles , where supply can't hope to keep up with demand and demand is driven by phenomenal stock market wealth , real price increases are more in the magnitude of 20 % a year .
With prices accelerating , homebuyers have come to expect big gains when they sell and are willing to saddle themselves with higher mortgage payments .
This housing boom is so powerful that last year it accounted for close to one - quarter of the economy 's real growth .
All that homebuying entails a lot of new construction , new kitchens , spa bathrooms , computer rooms , many , many trips to places like Home Depot ...
" If the housing market is n't weakening now , " says Mark Zandi , RFA Dismal Science 's chief economist , " then no sector in the economy will be slowing . "
And a housing boom that shows no sign of abating means long , consternation - filled meetings for the Federal Open Market Committee , which hopes the economy will slow down on its own .
What can only add to the tension in the room when the FOMC meets this month is the fact that the latest economic numbers are awfully confusing .
There are some signs that the economy is running too hot-- e.g. , August retail sales were twice as strong as economists had forecast .
Yet during the same month inflation did n't increase at all .
Not an easy call .
No wonder those Fed officials get such nice offices with fireplaces in them .
But then , maybe the Fed 's decision has already been made for it .
Even if there are still no signs of inflation , as long as homebuyers continue to ignore rising mortgage rates -- and there 's no evidence to suggest that they wo n't -- the Fed may be left with only one choice : to raise rates .
The question now is , How high will rates have to go before they get the attention of crazed house hunters ?
-- Anna Bernasek
A helicopter belonging to the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force flies over Kabul as the sun sets October 26 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Ahmad Masood
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - NATO helicopters fired upon by Pakistani forces on Thursday were U.S. military aircraft operating inside Afghanistan , the Pentagon said .
“ They were U.S. helicopters , ” Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman told reporters at a briefing .
“ The flight path of the helicopters at no point took them over Pakistan . ”
Whitman said U.S. and NATO military officials were speaking to their Pakistani counterparts to determine what happened and to ensure there was no recurrence .
“ The Pakistanis have to provide us with a better understanding of why this took place , ” he said .
Frustrated by an intensifying Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan , the United States has stepped up attacks on militants in Pakistan with six missile attacks and a helicopter - borne ground assault this month .
Pakistan strongly condemned the raids and said it would not tolerate any infringement on its territory .
The Pakistani army has vowed to stand up to aggression across the border .
John McCain declined to say anything today about John Edwards 's admission of adultery , per my colleague Lisa Lerer .
“ I do n’t have any comment on it , " McCain said when the topic was brought up at a press conference in Rogers , Ark .
comments closed
permalink
Giant Canadian ice shelf breaks away Reuters
Published : Tuesday September 2 , 2008
Print This Email This OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - A massive 19 - square - mile ( 55 - square - km ) ice shelf in Canada 's northern Arctic has broken away and is floating in the Arctic Ocean , the latest sign of rapid climate change in the remote region , a team of scientists said on Tuesday .
They said the Markham Ice Shelf -- one of just five remaining ice shelves in the Arctic -- split away from Ellesmere Island in early August .
They also said two large chunks totaling 47 square miles had broken off the nearby Serson Ice Shelf , reducing it in size by 60 percent .
" These substantial calving events underscore the rapidity of changes taking place in the Arctic , " said Derek Mueller , an Arctic ice shelf specialist at Trent University in Ontario .
" These changes are irreversible under the present climate and indicate that the environmental conditions that have kept these ice shelves in balance for thousands of years are no longer present , " he said in a e-mail sent late on Tuesday .
He said the total amount of ice lost from the shelves this summer totaled 83 square miles -- more than three times the area of Manhattan .
Temperatures in large parts of the Arctic have risen far faster than the global average in recent decades , a development that experts say is linked to global warming .
( Reporting by David Ljunggren ; Editing by Eric Walsh )
By Jim Reed
Newsbeat technology reporter
The price cut follows similar moves in America and Japan
Microsoft has cut the price of the Xbox 360 as it tries to reposition the console as a mass - market competitor to the Wii .
The £ 30 price cut means the standard 60 GB model will sell for £ 169.99 , the same price as Nintendo 's machine .
The lower spec Arcade console without a hard drive will sell for £ 129 while the Xbox 360 Elite , aimed at hardcore gamers , will cost £ 229.99 .
The price cut follows similar moves in America and Japan .
Microsoft has targeted traditional male gamers with the XBox 360 console and its range of first - person shooter titles like Halo 3 .
But it has been overtaken by Nintendo and the runaway success of the Wii , which is designed to appeal to a more family friendly audience .
Mass - market machine
According to the latest sales figures from research company VG Chartz , the Wii is now the market leader in the UK with 3.7 mn consoles shipped against 2.5 mn for the Xbox 360 and 1.5 mn for the PS3 .
It is thought a fifth of all Wii customers have never bought a console before .
Microsoft recently announced a range of family - friendly titles as it tries to grab some of Nintendo 's casual audience over the key Christmas season .
As well as new editions of Rockband and Guitar Hero , Xbox 360 will now have its own Karaoke game - Lips .
The Xbox menu system will also get a new look designed to appeal to mainstream gamers .
Microsoft said that sales of the Xbox 360 doubled in the US in the weekend after the cut , with some retailers reporting a six fold increase .
She 's Not Just Like US
So this is interesting .
US
Weekly is losing subscribers because of its Sarah Palin cover story : " Babies , Lies and Scandals . "
There were reports that as many as 10,000 subscribers bailed , but US told Page Six the number was closer to 1,000 .
Apparently the mag -- and to be fair just about everyone else in the media -- misjudged Palin 's impact once she opened her mouth .
We put some polls up yesterday .
With 200,000 votes , 51 % called Palin the biggest star of the convention .
Obama came in second with 45 % .
McCain got 3 % and Biden 1 % .
We also asked who you 'd most like to have a beer with -- 43 % Palin , 28 % Obama , 16 % McCain and 13 % Biden .
US Weekly next week -- " Biden : Old Men , Lies and Scandals . "
And if Obama fails to make this the central issue and does n’t put McCain on the hook for this meltdown , we can forget about November .
This is the issue on everyone ’s mind so losing control of this debate will hurt badly .
Obama must remain ahead on this problem and quit giving McCain a free ride or launching an intellectual debate over McCain ’s role ( though we saw Obama fighting harder later in the day on Monday , and that ’s good ) .
He ’s already given up too much , too easily on owning “ change ” and without a hard move , he ’s going to lose on the economy as well .
This is a Republican problem and McCain is making a move to appear as though he had nothing to do with it .
David Corn , who has had some brilliant articles on the McCain - Gramm links , has another classic out today .
Learn more about what McCain failed to explain today when he criticized the Wall Street failures .
ABC : Palin lied about global warming record David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday September 12 , 2008
Print This Email This When Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin was interviewed by ABC's Charlie Gibson this week , she made a number of assertions that ABC itself found it necessary to fact - check .
During the last two minutes of the video below , ABC's Jake Tapper reviews a number of Palin 's remarks .
He confirms the interesting trivia point that you can see Russia from Alaska -- or at least from one of the most remote of Alaska 's Aleutian islands , which is just a few miles from one of the most remote of Russia 's -- but debunks Palin 's denial that she has flipflopped on global warming since becoming John McCain 's running - mate .
When Gibson asked Palin , " Do you still believe that global warming is not manmade ? " she replied , " I believe that man 's activities certainly can be contributing to the issue of global warming , climate change .
...
John McCain and I agree that we got to do something about it , and we have to make sure that we 're doing all we can to cut down on pollution . "
" But is n't it critical as to whether or not it 's manmade ? "
Gibson persisted .
" Because what you do about it depends on whether it's manmade . "
" That 's why I 'm attributing some of those activities to potentially causing some of the changes in the climate right now , " Palin responded .
" Call me a cynic , " commented Gibson , " but I hear a little bit of change in your policy .
... Sounds to me like you 're adapting your position to Senator McCain's . "
" Show me where I have ever said that there 's absolute proof that nothing that man has ever conducted or engaged in has had any effect -- or no effect -- on climate change , " challenged Palin .
" I have not said that .
I have said that my belief is that there is a cyclical nature of our planet . "
Tapper handily meets Palin 's challenge by citing a December 2007 article in a Fairbanks newspaper in which she was quoted as saying , " I 'm not an Al Gore , doom - and - gloom environmentalist blaming the changes in our climate on human activity . "
In his ABC blog , Tapper further notes that as recently as this August 28 , Palin told an interviewer , " A changing environment will affect Alaska more than any other state , because of our location .
I 'm not one though who would attribute it to being man-made . "
Tapper also fact - checked Palin 's response to the question , " Have you ever met a foreign head of state . "
Her response was , " I have not , and I think if you go back in history , and if you ask that question of many vice - presidents , they may have the same answer that I just gave you . "
However , Tapper reports that all living vice - presidents , back to Walter Mondale in 1976 , had met foreign heads of state before being elected .
Internet posters have now suggested that the most recent vice - president not to have done so was Calvin Coolidge in 1920 .
Very much like Palin , Coolidge had been elected governor of Massachusetts just two years earlier , after having previously held only local offices .
It has been noted of Coolidge that when he succeeded to the presidency on the death of Warren Harding , he " was not a forceful leader in matters of foreign affairs and often deferred to his secretary of state . "
During his administration , the US retreated from involvement in world affairs , helping sow the seeds of World War II a decade later .
This video is from ABC's Good Morning America , broadcast September 12 , 2008 .
Download video
Juan Carlos Robles does n’t need any additional advertisements to convey the message he ’s a tough guy .
The cruiserweight boxer from Staunton , Va. , looks formidable enough with his tattoos and Mohawk .
But if you take a closer look at Robles , you see something that raises tough to a whole new level - a piece of a finger hanging on a necklace .
“ It does draw a crowd , ” Robles said before his fight Friday at the Maryland Sportsplex in Millersville .
Let ’s take tough , though , and magnify it by a few degrees .
The dried , cured piece of finger hanging around Robles neck is n’t from someone else .
It is his right pinkie - which he cut off himself .
Who would want to fight this guy ?
Robles , 30 , is a bona fide tough guy without the amputated digit .
But cutting off his finger puts him in the Tough ( or Crazy ) Hall of Fame , ahead of former NFL safety Ronnie Lott , who had the tip of his left pinkie removed following the 1985 season after it was crushed during a tackle .
Lott had a medical procedure .
He had doctors and nurses and surgical supplies .
Robles had a chisel and a 15 - pound weight .
“ I did a good job , ” Robles said .
“ It healed perfectly .
The doctors were impressed . ”
Robles performed the Home Depot surgery to get back into the ring after an April 2007 motorcycle accident put him out of commission for nine months .
He was driving home early one morning on his Suzuki 1100 when he skidded going around a curve , and the motorcycle fell down a ravine and hit a culvert .
“ I was laying in a ditch with a broken arm and my knee all messed up , ” Robles said .
“ We [ Robles and his trainer , Bruce Frank ] were going to go to the Patriot Center that night to watch a fight . ”
Robles managed to get his cell phone out and call Frank to tell him he was lying in a ditch all banged up .
“ I said , ‘ Do n’t call me .
I did n’t go to medical school , ” Frank said .
“ Call the hospital . ”
He did , and it turned out Robles had a broken right kneecap , dislocated right elbow , broken right forearm and road rash on his right ring and pinkie fingers .
“ My pinkie finger was torn up really bad , ” Robles said .
“ All the skin on the inside from the very inside crease up to the top was torn up .
It stayed all curled up .
I told the doctor we had to do something about that . ”
Robles , though , did n’t have insurance and did n’t have enough money to cover the cost of the pinkie amputation .
Doctors told him of a program at an area hospital in which he could have it done for free , but he would have to wait several months .
“ I could n’t wait , ” said Robles , who works full time for an excavation company .
“ I was out for a while .
I needed money , and I had a fight lined up . ”
So he went home , put towels over the kitchen table and blocked off a working area with several two - by - fours .
He put gauze around the area and twisted soldering wire around his right pinkie to slow the flow of blood .
“ Then I put a wood chisel on it and dropped a 15 - pound weight on the chisel , ” Robles said .
“ The piece shot out about six feet like a missile . ”
He called Frank and said , “ Bruce , I took care of my little problem . ”
Robles ’ wife , Ginnie , took him to the hospital to get stitched up .
First he told the doctors it came off accidentally .
But the doctors had heard about Robles and suspected he had performed amateur surgery .
“ It was giving me a problem , ” Robles said he told the doctors .
“ If you had took it off in the first place when I asked you to , I would n’t be here .
So I left it at the house so you would n’t try to put it back on .
They looked at me like I was crazy . ”
Ca n’t understand why they would do that .
Robles had posted a 9 - 0 record before the accident and quickly gained a reputation as a good , competitive fighter who gave fans their money ’s worth .
So he managed to get a shot at the World Boxing Council Continental Americas cruiserweight title in March , his first fight back since the accident , against veteran Rob Calloway , who had a 68 - 7 - 1 mark .
Robles was stopped in eight rounds and then lost a six - round decision to William Bailey in August .
But he looked good Friday in forcing Tommy Washington Jr. to quit after three rounds .
Robles does n’t want to fight much longer .
“ I fight because I enjoy it , ” he said .
“ But there ’s other things I want to do besides fight .
I ’m getting restless .
I want to travel . ”
He took a trip to Hollywood recently to audition for the Versus boxing reality show “ The Contender . ”
Show producers had heard about Robles ’ story and invited him out .
He lasted two days .
“ I gathered they thought my attitude would cause conflict for the show , ” he said .
One of the concerns producers had was about fighting among contestants away from the ring , Robles said .
He was asked what he would do if , say , one of the contestants tried to take his finger necklace .
“ I said I would cut their finger off and use that as a necklace , ” Robles said .
“ I was n’t joking .
I went through too much for this .
There is only so much I am going to take .
I wo n’t allow that .
They do a personality profile , and I do n’t think my attitude , personality and temper was what they were looking for . ”
He may be better suited for the Do It Yourself Network anyway .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Ruby class to fetch suggested keywords
# A ruby class to fetch suggested keywords using Yahoo's term Extraction API require ' rubygems ' require ' xmlsimple ' require ' net / http ' class Tagger def content @content end def content= ( content ) @content = content end def appid @appid end def appid= ( appid ) @appid = appid end def initialize end def fetch url = URI . parse ( ' http://search.yahooapis.com/ContentAnalysisService/V1/termExtraction') post_args = { ' appid ' => appid , ' context ' => content , ' output ' => " xml " } resp1 , xml_data = Net::HTTP.post_form(url , post_args ) keywords = " " data = XmlSimple.xml_in(xml_data ) data [ ' Result ' ] . each do |item| keywords = keywords + item + " , " end return keywords end end
require ' tagger ' tagg = Tagger.new tagg.appid = ' GO_GET_YOUR_OWN !' tagg.content =
" The content of the post ..... " puts tagg .
fetch
I have recently ditched Perl and fell for Ruby .
Here is a Ruby class which gets suggested keywords from yahoo API and presents it in a comma separated list .
This might be useful for people who use Ruby to upload / edit multiple posts and need to tag them automagically .
This might be awfully simple for the hardcore guys , but for a noob like me , had I come across this example earlier it would have saved me an hour or so .
Here it goes ...
The Class :- Download the class here Sample usage : The appid is available from the Yahoo Developer Network Limitations : Maximum 5000 queries per day per IP .
Suniva Develops Low - Cost , High Efficiency Solar Cells
September 23rd , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Suniva , an Atlanta - based startup , has recently developed solar cells that can achieve 20 percent efficiency .
Unlike other high - efficiency cells , Suniva is using low - cost processes that will make their solar cells cost - competitive with conventional sources of electricity .
Suniva uses a combination of superior cell design and screen - printing technology to achieve its solar cell efficiency .
According to Ajeet Rohatgi , Suniva ’s CTO , the company ’s techniques can produce solar energy for 8 to 10 cents per KWh — a comparable price to conventional energy sources in the United States .
Despite its achievement , Suniva still has a long way to go before the cheap solar cells are on the market .
During testing , the company used 200 - micrometer thick and 100 - micrometer thick silicon wafers .
But Suniva faces a challenge in acquiring the large amount of silicon necessary to produce its product en masse since such thin wafers are n’t currently on the market .
The world record for solar cell efficiency is currently held by SunPower , which produced a solar cell earlier this year with 23.4 percent efficiency .
Posts Related to Solar Tech :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Login : Password : Remember Me Register Blogs >>
RolfRolles 's Blog
Created : Wednesday , August 6 2008 18:07.16 CDT
Printer Friendly ... Part 1 : Bytecode and IR Author : RolfRolles # Views : 11466
The approach I took with ReWolf's x86 Virtualizer is also applicable here , although a more sophisticated compiler is required .
What follows is some preliminary notes on the design and implementation of such a component .
These are not complete details on breaking the protection ; I confess to having only looked at a few samples , and I am not sure which protection options were enabled .
As before , we begin by constructing a disassembler for the interpreter .
This is immediately problematic , since the bytecode language is polymorphic .
I have created an IDA plugin that automatically constructs OCaml source code for a bytecode disassembler .
In a production - quality implementation , this should be implemented as a standalone component that returns a closure .
The generated disassembler , then , looks like this :
let disassemble bytearray index =
match ( bytearray . ( index ) land 0xff ) with
0x0 -> ( VM__Handler0__PopIntoRegister(0 ) , [index+1 ] )
| 0x1 -> ( VM__Handler1__PushDwordFromRegister(0 ) , [index+1 ] )
| 0x2 -> ( VM__Handler2__AddWords , [index+1 ] )
| 0x3 -> ( VM__Handler3__StoreByteIntoRegister ( bytearray .( index+1 ) ) , [ index +2 ] )
| 0x4 -> ( VM__Handler0__PopIntoRegister ( 4 ) , [index+1 ] )
| 0x5 -> ( VM__Handler1__PushDwordFromRegister( 4 ) , [index+1 ] )
| 0x6 -> ( VM__Handler4__ShrDword , [index+1 ] )
| 0x7 -> ( VM__Handler5__ReadDword__FromStackSegment , [index+1 ] )
| ... -> ...
Were we to work with the instructions individually in their natural granularity , depicted above , the bookkeeping on the semantics of each would likely prove tedious .
For illustration , compare and contrast handlers # 02 and # 04 .
Both have the same basic pattern : pop two values ( words vs. dwords ) , perform a binary operation ( add vs. shr ) , push the result , then push the flags .
The current representation of instructions does not express these , or any , similarities .
Handler # 02 : Handler # 04 :
mov ax , [ ebp+0 ] mov eax , [ ebp+0 ]
sub ebp , 2 mov cl , [ ebp+4 ]
add [ ebp+4 ] , ax sub ebp , 2
pushf shr eax , cl
pop dword ptr [ ebp+0 ] mov [ ebp+4 ] , eax
pushf
pop dword ptr [ ebp+0 ]
Therefore , we pull a standard compiler - writer 's trick and translate the VMProtect instructions into a simpler , " intermediate " language ( hereinafter " IR " ) which resembles the pseudocode snippets atop the handlers in part zero .
Below is a fragment of that language 's abstract syntax .
type size = B | W | D | Q
type temp = int * size
type seg = Scratch | SS | FS | Regular
type irbinop = Add |
And | Shl | Shr | MakeQword
type irunop = Neg | MakeByte | TakeHighDword | Flags
type irexpr =
Reg of register
| Temp of int
| Const of const
| Deref of seg * irexpr * size
| Binop of irexpr * irbinop * irexpr
| Unop of irexpr * irunop
type ir =
DeclareTemps of temp list
| Assign of irexpr * irexpr
| Push of irexpr
| Pop of irexpr
| Return
A portion of the VMProtect -> IR translator follows ; compare the translation for handlers # 02 and #04 .
let make_microcode = function
VM__Handler0__PopIntoRegister(b ) -> [ Pop ( Deref ( Scratch , Const ( Dword( zero_extend_byte_dword ( b land 0x3C ) ) ) , D ) ) ]
| VM__Handler2__AddWords -> [ DeclareTemps ( [ ( 0 , W ) ; ( 1 , W ) ; ( 2 , W ) ] ) ;
Pop( Temp ( 0 ) ) ;
Pop ( Temp ( 1 ) ) ;
Assign ( Temp ( 2 ) , Binop ( Temp ( 0 ) , Add , Temp ( 1 ) ) ) ;
Push ( Tem p ( 2 ) ) ;
Push ( Unop ( Temp ( 2 ) , Flags ) ) ]
| VM__Handler4__ShrDword -> [ DeclareTemps ( [ ( 0 , D ) ; ( 1 , W ) ; ( 2 , D ) ] ) ;
Pop( Temp ( 0 ) ) ;
Pop ( Temp ( 1 ) ) ;
Assign ( Temp ( 2 ) , Binop ( Temp ( 0 ) , Shr , Temp ( 1 ) ) ) ;
Push ( Tem p ( 2 ) ) ;
Push ( Unop ( Temp ( 2 ) , Flags ) ) ]
| VM__Handler7__PushESP -> [ Push ( Reg( Esp ) ) ]
| VM__Handler23__WriteDwordIntoFSSegment -> [ DeclareTemps ( [ ( 0 , D ) ; ( 1 , D ) ] ) ;
Pop( Temp ( 0 ) ) ;
Pop ( Temp ( 1 ) ) ;
Assign ( Deref ( FS , Temp ( 0 ) , D ) , Temp ( 1 ) ) ]
| ... -> ...
To summarize the process , below is a listing of VMProtect instructions , followed by the assembly code that is executed for each , and to the right is the IR translation .
VM__Handler1__PushDwordFromRegister 32
and al , 3Ch ; al = 32
mov edx , [ edi+eax ]
sub ebp , 4
mov [ ebp+0 ] , edx Push ( Deref ( Scratch , Const ( Dword 32l ) , D ) ) ;
VM__Handler7__PushESP
mov eax , ebp
sub ebp , 4
mov [ ebp+0 ] , eax Push ( Reg Esp ) ;
VM__Handler0__PopIntoRegister 40
and al , 3Ch
mov edx , [ ebp+0 ]
add ebp , 4
mov [ edi+eax ] , edx Pop ( Deref ( Scratch , Const ( Dword 40l ) , D ) ) ;
VM__Handler19__PushSignedByteAsDword ( - 1l )
movzx eax , byte ptr [ esi ] ; *esi = -
1
sub esi , 0FFFFFFFFh
cbw
cwde
sub ebp , 4
mov [ ebp+0 ] , eax Push ( Const ( Dword ( - 1l ) ) ) ;
VM__Handler9__PushDword 4525664l
mov eax , [ esi ] ; *esi = 4525664l
add esi , 4
sub ebp , 4
mov [ ebp+0 ] , eax Push ( Const ( Dword 4525664l ) ) ;
VM__Handler9__PushDword 4362952l} ;
mov eax , [ esi ] ; *esi = 4362952l
add esi , 4
sub ebp , 4
mov [ ebp+0 ] , eax Push ( Const ( Dword 4362952l ) ) ;
VM__Handler19__PushSignedByteAsDword
0l} ;
movzx eax , byte ptr [ esi ] ; * esi = 0
sub esi , 0FFFFFFFFh
cbw
cwde
sub ebp , 4
mov [ ebp+0 ] , eax Push ( Const ( Dword ( 0 l ) ) ) ;
VM__Handler42__ReadDwordFromFSSegment} ;
mov eax , [ ebp+0 ] DeclareTemps ( [ ( 0,D ) ] ) ; Pop ( Temp 0 ) ;
mov eax , fs : [ eax ]
mov [ ebp+0 ] , eax Push ( Deref ( FS , Temp 0 , D ) ) ;
There ’s a lot of complaining that the McCain campaign wo n’t allow anyone to interview Sarah Palin .
And for the major news outlets that would be in line for such an interview there ’s a logic to keeping up the drumbeat .
But McCain campaign manager Rick Davis is right :
It ’s their campaign to run .
They can do it how they want .
Everyone else should just shut up , stop complaining and call the reality for what it is .
Davis says Palin wo n’t give any interviews until she feels “ comfortable ” giving one .
And this morning he added that she would n’t give any “ until the point in time when she ’ll be treated with respect and deference . ”
Sarah Palin could be the President of the United States in four and a half months .
We tend to think of this as an abstraction ; but it ’s true .
And yet today she ’s so unprepared and knows so little about the challenges and tasks facing the country that she can’t even give a softball interview .
That ’s really all we need to know .
Yes , she ’s off being prepped at some undisclosed location .
And I ’ve little doubt that by the time her debate rolls around she ’ll be sufficiently pumped full of slogans and bromides to make a show of it .
But now , this moment , is the one that tells us all we need to know .
As is so often the case , Palin is the incarnation of the Republican slurs .
The darling of the hard - right ; she gives stem - winding speeches .
She pushes all their buttons .
But she ’s such a lightweight , they ca n’t risk letting her answer a few questions .
Not even on Fox .
They know she ’s not ready and probably never will be .
But they think the politics might work for them .
Late Update : Here ’s video of Davis :
Pwned !
As Jay Bookman notes in the Atlanta Journal - Constitution :
No idea at all .
Could have knocked him over with a feather when someone told him .
Really , who knew ? ”
“ According to his spokesman , U.S. Rep. Lynn Westmoreland , a Southerner born and bred , had no idea on earth that the word “ uppity ” had racial connotations when he used it to describe Barack and Michelle Obama .
( See also here . )
From Bookman ’s comments section :
“ This morning I called Westmoreland ’s office :
Them : Good morning , Congressman Westmoreland ’s office .
Me : Good morning , I would like to make a public comment .
Them :
Yes , sir , what is your comment ?
Me : I would like to compliment Congressman Westmoreland on his comments yesterday about Barack Obama .
We need more people like him to call a spade a spade .
You crackers in Georgia must be very proud .
Them : [ long pause ]
Sir , there ’s no need to be insulting .
Me : I ’m sorry , but how did I insult you ?
Them :
There is no need to call me a cracker .
Me : I ’ve never heard that term used in a derogatory sense .
It is important to note that the dictionary definition of “ cracker ” is “ a thin , crisp biscuit . ”
That ’s what we meant by cracker when we used it in the city where I grew up .
Them :
Well , that ’s not how you meant it .
Me : Oh , so what you ’re saying is that you do n’t like being called names .
Now you know how it feels .
Them : [ another long pause ]
Sir , I have to take another call . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The first mobile telephone using Google 's Android software has been unveiled .
The T - Mobile G1 handset will be available in the UK in time for Christmas .
The first device to run the search giant 's operating system will feature a touch screen as well as a Qwerty keyboard .
It will be available for free on T - Mobile tariffs of over £ 40 a month and includes unlimited net browsing .
Other features include a three megapixel camera , a ' one click ' contextual search and a browser that users can zoom in on by tapping the screen .
The handset will be wi-fi and 3G enabled and has built - in support for YouTube .
Users will also have access the so - called Android Market , where they will be able to download a variety of applications .
Prototypes
The T - Mobile G1 is the first phone to use Android Google announced its plans for the Android phone software in November 2007 with a declared aim of making it easier to get at the web while on the move .
To help develop Android , Google also unveiled the Open Handset Alliance - a partnership of more than 30 firms that would work to make phone software easier to work with .
The group includes operators such as Telefonica , handset makers such as HTC and Motorola as well as chip makers such as Intel and Qualcomm .
Many of the partners demonstrated early prototype Android phones at the Mobile World Congress held in Barcelona in mid-February .
The idea behind Android is to do for phone software what the open source Linux software has done for PCs .
Developers of phone software can get at most of the core elements of the Android software to help them write better applications .
Smartphones However , in launching Android , Google faces stiff competition from established players such as Nokia with its Symbian software and Microsoft with its Mobile operating system .
More recently Apple has been gaining customers with its much hyped iPhone .
The Android software is squarely aimed at the smartphone segment of the handset market which adds sophisticated functions to the basic calling and texting capabilities of most phones .
Current estimates suggest that only 12 - 13 % of the all handsets can be considered smartphones .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
We ’ve already had a number of threshold moments in John McCain ’s on - going descent into ignominy .
But surely this has to be another .
John McCain just hired Tucker Eskew , the guy in charge of sliming him back in South Carolina in 2000 .
Apparently , he ’ll be in charge of prepping Sarah Palin for her role as McCain ’s running mate — which , when you think about it , may be McCain ’s ultimate payback .
As Eric Kleefeld just quipped , what is he gonna do ?
Accuse Barack Obama of fathering two black children ?
Radek Sikorski , the Polish foreign minister , told The Daily Telegraph the new US missile shield deal , and its timing , was unrelated to Georgia .
" It [ the deal ] is a coincidence , " he said .
" Georgia made a dramatic backdrop to it , but the timing had nothing to do with Georgia .
We have offered Russia the right to inspect at any time .
It only has the capabilities we say it does , which is to say , nothing to do with Russia . "
Is he kidding ?
How can John McCain make the argument that Barack Obama is n’t ready to be president when he picks a running mate with even less experience than Obama to be his vice president ?
Is he actually retarded ?
When you are seventy two years old and attempting to undertake one of the most strenuous jobs in the world for at least four years , do n’t you want to at least consider the notion that you might drop dead ?
Memo to John McCain : you might drop dead .
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has been a governor for two years , and before that a mayor for ten , the mayor of Wasilia ( population 5,000 ) .
My brother - in - law was the Republican mayor of Waseca , Minnesota , which has about the same size population , and I can tell you with absolute certainty after playing foosball with him in his basement that my brother - in - law is not ready to be president of the United States of America .
I ’m not even sure that he ’s ready to be president of his rotisserie football league .
For the last month , all we ’ve been hearing about from the Republicans is that Barack Obama is not ready to lead this country .
That he does n’t have the experience or the judgment .
Did n’t they just set the bar even lower by picking this chick ?
Yes , she ’s a member of the NRA .
Yes , she ’s a former sports reporter which will be useful when conducting photo ops with members of whoever wins the Stanley Cup in 2010 , but is she ready to assume the reins of the most powerful job in the world if John McCain should succumb ?
The question is rhetorical because anybody who is n’t on John McCain ’s vice presidential selection team already knows the answer .
No .
( McCain / Palin - Really ?! )
Here is the text of the threat :
50 thousand dollars to those who come Presse Rod Parsley
Name of God the Merciful
( To hear from those who were given the book before you who have been involved is often abused ) of Imran , 186
To each of Nasser taghoots this is America incite fighting all MuslimsTo both defend Americans from the Muslims , this is America incite fighting all MuslimsTo all secular Ethan , this is America incite fighting all MuslimsToner to the bad and scientists Sultan , this is America incite fighting all Muslims The dogs and interior ministries in the Arab and Muslim worlds , this is America incite fighting all Muslims
The sincerity of the Mujahideen in the name of Allah and there is superseding Khose and Almkzlon , the Americans claim to a crusade and annoy Allah and His Messenger , it would read the article fully aware repugnant to Islam and the Reverend Enough of this lowliness and Hakarh when he says that God Almighty is the devil who was revealed to Muhammad peace be upon him .
This is Rod Carsley Rod Parsley , who incited Christians in the United States to prepare to fight a war to eliminate the new crusade against Islam and Muslims , through speeches and written by the famous religious center in the pro-American Republicans .
This is a priest ’s spiritual adviser McCain now This picture of the American priest - Treasury God - Muslims , it is able to do it already , who is president of the Church “ World Harvest ” and you following URL who wants to prosecute and eliminate
And praise to God we have God for the allocation of $ 50 thousand dollars to those who bring this dog ’s head , which hurt Allah and His Messenger .
Reverend Rod Carsley , the spiritual guide of McCain wants to “ destroy Islam ”
Evangelical Pastor Rod Carsley ally United States Senator John McCain in Ohio calls for the eradication of “ fraudulent religion .
“ David Korn , March 12 , 2008 John McCain praised the position of the priest ’s spiritual adviser , who leads the Evangelical Church of Harvest International Christopher Columbus called all Christians to declare “ war ” against “ counterfeit religion ” Islam is the aim of eliminating them .
They met during a general meeting of the electoral campaign in Cincinnati , has pointed out that the monk McCain is a “ conservative forces that can be trusted and relied upon .
“ Carsley and this is one of renowned religious leaders in the region where the sweet , rallied 120 thousand people have many books that show how his ideas extremism .
In issued in 2005 a book entitled : “ Enough of silence ” as indicating “ spiritual despair ” reached by the United States and blows the usual doubts : eliminate activists , civilians Liberals defend the separation of church and state “ culture ” of homosexuality , “ abortion industry , ” ” Duffer activity and Kafr industry “ , but focused on another serious threat in the United States is the ” Islamic religion “ .
In one of the chapters of the book entitled : God of Islam deception “ Carsley refers to the existence of war between ” Islam and Christian civilization “ and says : ” I can not say that the abandonment of you that it is important to understand the nature of Islam and the fact we look at reality .
In fact , I will tell you , because I do not think that our country can truly achieve the ability of the divine only if absorbed historic conflict with Islam .
I know that this seems exaggerated to say much , but I will not give in to its obligations .
In fact , has been the establishment of the United States , part of which , with the intention to see this religion counterfeit devastating and I think that September 11 , 2001 was not a generous invita tion to bear arms so we can not ignore more than this time . “
The Carsley is not afraid of his desire Balkdhaeali Islam , says in his book “ Enough silence ” that Christopher Columbus ( Nahp Indians of South America ) had been investigating the same goal : “ We went to the defeat of Islam in addition to another where he felt sail around the world in the new in 1429 .
..
And he had dreamt defeated the armies of Islam in Europe , a giant , through the use of the riches the New World , was part of that dream had begun in America .
” Carsley has insisted on reading to be alert that a clash between Christianity and Islam can not be avoided : “ We are now a presence in the event that we can not choose , but the time has come . ”
He also stated that he had bad news : “ We could have lost the battle .
The picture that I see the world through I find that Islam is responsible for many of the pain , massacres and many more have not caused loss of power away again until now . ”
Carsley has also stated that Islam was “ hostile to the Christian religion ” depends on “ Trick ” , and says : that the Muslim Prophet Mohammed ( peace be upon him ) has received revelation from the Devils and not from true God “ and also indicates : ” God is a spirit of a satanic ” Almighty God and what dub highest considerably .
Carsley also does not differentiate between Muslim extremists and others exist to this religion “ Some might say , of course , remind him that violence is exceptional and not the rule .
Irregularities I regret to you , respectfully tell you that some extremists belonging to the mainstream of where believers were selected from the heart of Islam Real “ He recalled that “ the spirit of Islam ” hostile , and stressed that this religion is “ inspired ” the attacks of Sept. 11 , regrets that one year after the attacks in a Sept. 11 , 2002 converted to Islam 34 thousand U.S. and that there is “ 1209 ” mosques in the United States .
And make Islam “ the doctrine that i t is trying to control the whole world ” through violence .
And that the United States had historically been a stronghold for fighting Islam , but history “ turned us " In another chapter on Islam Carsley wondered : “ Are we a Christian nation ?
Say yes ” , without identifying the specific measures or work to eliminate Islam , but calls for a crusade .
Take God is capable AzizGod enabled the Mujahedeen of the neck
The latest pretext that Praise to Allah , Lord of the Worlds
Do not forget the benefit of supplication
Orkut Aboualkaha Shami
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
When Campbell Brown started off this segment about Palin and sexism , I expected it to be another screed about how " mean " the press is for asking questions about her litany of lies .
Instead , Campbell excoriates the McCain campaign for treating Palin as a " delicate flower that will wilt at any moment , " arguing that it 's sexist to treat her any differently than her male counterparts .
Consider this her first " Special Comment . "
" Bear with me for a short rant on another subject , because frankly I have had and I know a lot of other women out there are with me on this .
I have had enough of the sexist treatment of Sarah Palin .
It has to end .
She was here in New York City today meeting with world leaders at the UN .
And what did the McCain campaign do ?
They tried to ban reporters from covering those meetings .
And they did ban reporters from asking her any questions .
Tonight , I call on the McCain campaign to stop treating Sarah Palin like she is a delicate flower that will wilt at any moment .
This woman is from Alaska , for crying out loud .
She is strong ; she is tough ; she is competent .
And you claim she is ready to be one heartbeat away from the presidency .
If that is the case , then end this chauvinistic treatment of her now .
Allow her to show her stuff .
Allow her to face down those pesky reporters just like Barack Obama did today .
Just like John McCain did today .
Just like Joe Biden has done on numerous occasions .
Let her have a real news conference with real questions .
By treating Sarah Palin different from the other candidates in this race , you are not showing her the respect she deserves .
Free Sarah Palin .
Free her from the chauvinistic chain you are binding her with .
Sexism in this campaign must come to an end .
Sarah Palin has just as much a right to be a real candidate in this race as the men do .
So let her act like one . "
June Kronholz reports from St. Paul , Minn. , on the Republican convention .
If Sen . John McCain was hoping to win over disappointed Hillary Clinton supporters with his choice of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate , he figured wrong , according to a Garin - Hart - Yang Research Group poll conducted for Emily ’s List .
Just 9 % of women who [ … ]
GOT SPOILERS ?
Send them in !
Remember , I 'm rewarding the submitters with a $ 10 Amazon gift certificate
for every FULL Movie Spoiler THAT I USE !
( FINE PRINT - Sorry , valid in U.S. only ) .
At a forum at Columbia University marking the seventh anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks , John McCain and Barack Obama took a break from their increasingly harsh presidential contest to speak with genuine passion about a worthy cause they both share : engaging more Americans in national service .
What was striking about their back - to - back interviews , conducted by Judy Woodruff of PBS ’s “ NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ” and Richard Stengel of Time magazine before 1,000 people in Columbia ’s Lerner Hall , was their respectful tone .
At one point , Mr. McCain even expressed admiration for Mr. Obama ’s work done years ago as a community organizer , departing from disparaging remarks made by his running mate , Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska , at the Republican convention .
Their overlapping views were no less remarkable .
Both candidates agreed that President Bush erred following 9/11 by asking Americans to go shopping rather than making a serious effort to channel the nation ’s aroused sense of patriotism to sustained and productive volunteer activities .
They pledged to make a new call to public service a hallmark of the next presidency .
Giving concrete expression to those pledges , the candidates are among the co-sponsors of a promising piece of legislation introduced on Friday in the Senate .
Drafted by Senators Edward Kennedy , the Massachusetts Democrat , and Orrin Hatch , Republican of Utah , the bill would build on the success of AmeriCorps .
My colleagues in the American liberal press had little to fear at the start of the week .
Their charismatic candidate was ahead in virtually every poll .
George W Bush was so unpopular that conservatives were scrambling around for reasons not to invite the Republican President to the Republican convention .
Democrats had only to maintain their composure and the White House would be theirs .
During the 1997 British general election , the late Lord Jenkins said that Tony Blair was like a man walking down a shiny corridor carrying a precious vase .
He was the favourite and held his fate in his hands .
If he could just reach the end of the hall without a slip , a Labour victory was assured .
The same could have been said of the American Democrats last week .
But instead of protecting their precious advantage , they succumbed to a spasm of hatred and threw the vase , the crockery , the cutlery and the kitchen sink at an obscure politician from Alaska .
For once , the postmodern theories so many of them were taught at university are a help to the rest of us .
As a Christian , conservative anti-abortionist who proved her support for the Iraq War by sending her son to fight in it , Sarah Palin was ' the other ' - the threatening alien presence they defined themselves against .
They might have soberly examined her reputation as an opponent of political corruption to see if she was truly the reformer she claimed to be .
They might have gently mocked her idiotic creationism , while carefully avoiding all discussion of the racist conspiracy theories of Barack Obama 's church .
But instead of following a measured strategy , they went berserk .
On the one hand , the media treated her as a sex object .
The New York Times led the way in painting Palin as a glamour - puss in go - go boots you were more likely to find in an Anchorage lap - dancing club than the Alaska governor 's office .
On the other , liberal journalists turned her family into an object of sexual disgust : inbred rednecks who had stumbled out of Deliverance .
Palin was meant to be pretending that a handicapped baby girl was her child when really it was her wanton teenage daughter's .
When that turned out to be a lie , the media replaced it with prurient coverage of her teenage daughter , who was , after all , pregnant , even though her mother was not going to do a quick handover at the maternity ward and act as if the child was hers .
Hatred is the most powerful emotion in politics .
At present , American liberals are not fighting for an Obama presidency .
I suspect that most have only the haziest idea of what it would mean for their country .
The slogans that move their hearts and stir their souls are directed against their enemies :
Bush , the neo-cons , the religious right .
In this , American liberals are no different from the politically committed the world over .
David Cameron knew that he would never be Prime Minister until he had killed the urgent hatred of the Conservative party in liberal England .
A measure of his success is that hardly anyone now is caught up by the once ubiquitous feeling that no compromise is too great if it stops the Tories regaining power .
Hate can sell better than hope .
When a hate campaign goes wrong , however , disaster follows .
And everything that could go wrong with the campaign against Palin did .
American liberals forgot that the public did not know her .
By the time she spoke at the Republican convention , journalists had so lowered expectations that a run-of - the - mill speech would have been enough to win the evening .
As it was , her family appeared on stage without a goitre or a club foot between them , and Palin made a fighting speech that appealed over the heads of reporters to the public we claim to represent .
' I 'm not going to Washington to seek their good opinion , ' she said as she deftly detached journalists from their readers and viewers .
' I 'm going to Washington to serve the people of this country . '
English leftists made the same mistake of allowing their hatred to override their judgment after the Iraq war .
If they had confined themselves to charging Tony Blair with failing to find the weapons of mass destruction he promised were in Iraq , and sending British troops into a quagmire , they might have forced him out .
They were so consumed by loathing , however , they insisted that he had lied , which he clearly had not .
They set the bar too low and Blair jumped it with ease .
' When a man believes that any stick will do , he at once picks up a boomerang , ' said GK Chesterton , and when the politically committed go on a berserker you should listen for the sound of their own principles smacking them in the face .
Journalists who believe in women 's equality should not spread sexual smears about a candidate , or snigger at her teenage daughter 's pregnancy , or declare that a mother with a young family cannot hold down a responsible job for the pragmatic reason that they will look like gross hypocrites if they do .
Before Palin , we saw hypocrisy of the right when shock jocks who had spent years denouncing feminism came over all politically correct when Bill Clinton had an affair with Monica Lewinsky .
In Britain , the most snobbish attacks on Margaret Thatcher did not come from aristocrats but from the communist historian Eric Hobsbawm , who opined that Thatcherism was the ' anarchism of the lower middle classes ' and the liberal Jonathan Miller , who deplored her ' odious suburban gentility ' .
More recently , George Osborne , of the supposedly compassionate Conservative party , revealed himself to be a playground bully when he derided Gordon Brown for being ' faintly autistic ' .
In an age when politics is choreographed , voters watch out for the moments when the public - relations facade breaks down and venom pours through the cracks .
Their judgment is rarely favourable when it does .
Barack Obama knows it .
All last week , he was warning American liberals to stay away from the Palin family .
He understands better than his supporters that it is not a politician 's enemies who lose elections , but his friends .
Scientists from The Forsyth Institute , working with collaborators at Tufts and Tuebingen Universities , have discovered a new control over embryonic stem cells ' behavior .
The researchers disrupted a natural bioelectrical mechanism within frog embryonic stem cells and trigged a cancer - like response , including increased cell growth , change in cell shape , and invasion of the major body organs .
This research shows that electrical signals are a powerful control mechanism that can be used to modulate cell behavior .
The team of Forsyth Institute scientists , led by Michael Levin , Ph.D. , Director of the Forsyth Center for Regenerative and Developmental Biology , have identified a new function for a potassium ( KCNQ1 ) channel , mutations of which are known to be involved in human genetic diseases such as Romano - Ward and Jervell - Lange - Nielsen syndromes .
The team interrupted the flow of potassium through KCNQ1 in parts of the Xenopus frog embryo .
This resulted in a striking alteration of the behavior of one type of embryonic stem cell : the pigment cell lineage of the neural crest .
When mutated , these pigment cells over - proliferate , spread out , and become highly invasive of blood vessels , liver , heart , and neural tube , leading to a deeply hyper - pigmented tadpole .
The body 's natural biophysical signals , driven by ion transporter proteins and resulting in endogenous voltage gradients and electric fields , have been implicated in embryonic development and regeneration .
The data in this study , which will be published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on October 13 , 2008 , have not only elucidated a novel role for the KCNQ1 channel in regulating key cell behaviors , but for the first time have also revealed the molecular identity of a biophysical switch by means of which neoplastic - like properties can be conferred upon a specific embryonic stem cell sub-population .
These data reveal that key properties of embryonic stem cells can be controlled through bioelectrical signals , identify transmembrane voltage potential as a novel regulator of neural crest function in embryonic development , and demonstrate that potassium flows can be an important aspect of cellular environment , which is known to regulate both cancer and stem cells .
" In regenerative medicine , a key goal is to control the number , position , and type of cells , " said the paper 's first author , Junji Morokuma , Ph.D.
" This research is especially exciting because it shows the importance of electrical signals for changing cell behavior , identifies a new role in developmental and cell biology for the KCNQ1 ion channel , and strengthens the link between stem cells and tumor cells .
Added Doug Blackiston , Ph.D. , paper co-author , " In the future , this work may lead to a greater understanding of the causes of cancer and ways to potentially halt its metastasis , as well as suggesting new techniques by which stem cells may be controlled in biomedical applications . "
Source : Forsyth Institute
Nine robo-calls in 24 hours , all from Verizon : Nothing could make them stop ; not my wife 's increasingly urgent pleas ( I was away ) ; not the hapless customer service reps who promised relief ; not the " in-charge supervisor " who was n't in charge ; and , not even the ever - so - helpful individual who said the barrage was " a national problem " before adding , " We 're suggesting that people just unplug their phones . "
Unplug our phones ?
How about you unplug your bloody robo - caller first ?
And here 's the most amusing part : Verizon 's rogue motor - mouth was calling -- nine times -- to inquire as to the McNamara family 's satisfaction level with recent Verizon customer service .
( If only the options had included , " Press 4 for piss - poor . " )
About 1,400 FiOS and DSL customers -- all in New England --- endured a similar fate early last week , Verizon says .
We 'll get to the company 's explanation right after the gory details .
The first call came at 1:49 p.m. Tuesday .
Recognizing it as a robo and being busy , Julie just hung up .
Fly swatted .
Kids will be home from school soon .
Second call , 3:34 p.m.
Answered , hung up ; life 's too short .
Third at 5:22 .
By the 6:28 call it had become clear the onslaught was n't going to stop of its own accord , so Julie set about probing the mechanical monster 's outer defenses in search of a controlling earthling .
This meant wading through a labyrinth of prompts -- there was no up - front option to speak to a Verizon representative -- followed by the obligatory 20 - minute wait on hold .
Reward : Plenty of sympathy ; no help .
The 9:09 got her back on the line with yet another kind but useless Verizon employee ( after more prompts and more waiting ) .
" He apologized -- everyone I spoke with always apologized , " she would tell me later .
" And they all said the calls would stop . "
The 10:23 call served as punishment for her having had the audacity to fall asleep .
The 11:40 earned her the attention of that supervisor in the Dallas Fiber Solution Center , which , as Julie pointed out later , is " ill - named , " at least in terms of offering a solution to this problem .
That would be it for this night .
She unplugged the phone .
Next day ?
First call , 10:12 a.m. ; second -- and final of the nine -- at 12:59 .
Julie answered neither .
Who would ?
" I hate Verizon , " she 'd write in an e-mail to me .
Who would n't ?
( And it 's not as though this is our first spot of trouble with FiOS . )
Back in the office on Thursday , I contacted Verizon to find out why they made my wife 's life so miserable .
According to company spokesman Bill Kula , who also apologized , " a hardware glitch " resulted in a stream of faulty customer info being sent to a third - party vendor that makes the robo-calls .
The 1,400 victims who received the calls , including my wife , were lucky winners because they had logged Verizon service calls the day before the glitch ( our Verizon - issued router had died -- again ; we 're on router No. 3 in two - plus years of FiOS ) .
The follow - up calls are standard operating procedure designed to gauge the effectiveness of Verizon customer service .
The " glitch " resulted in multiple requests per customer for such calls , each with a different time attached to it , which the robo - caller , being a robo - caller , faithfully executed .
As for the rep who suggested just yanking our phone off the wall ?
" That was n't the best advice , " Kula says .
I asked him why the problem took so long to fix and why they did n't take more drastic action sooner .
" We did take drastic action , " he says .
" We contacted the vendor and had the system disconnected so additional calls did not take place . "
In other words , they did unplug the bloody robo -caller .
Just took their sweet time .
Arts & Culture
The Polish - born painter Andre Pater found his calling amid the rolling hills and stone fences of Kentucky horse country , where his gift for capturing the soul of his subjects has taken him to the pinnacle of the sporting art world
Politico : ( h/t Scarce for video )
Per Drudge , some brutal late night shots at McCain , who cancelled on Letterman tonight : David Letterman tells audience that McCain called him today to tell him he had to rush back to DC to deal with the economy .
Then in the middle of the taping Dave got word that McCain was , in fact just down the street being interviewed by Katie Couric .
Dave even cut over to the live video of the interview , and said , " Hey Senator , can I give you a ride home ? "
" He ca n't run the campaign because the economy is cratering ?
Fine , put
in your second string quarterback , Sara Palin .
Where is she ? "
" What are you going to do if you 're elected and things get tough ?
Suspend being president ?
We 've got a guy like that now ! "
Read on ...
In what can only be described as the most desperate political move in modern presidential campaign history , John McCain is proving that he is wholly unfit to lead our country .
I hope David Letterman is not the only one with a national stage to speak the truth about this .
McCain is scared out of his mind and this hoax only solidifies the point .
The McCain / Palin ticket is plummeting in the polls , the Davis / Freddie Mac scandal is reaching a fever pitch , they 're trying to keep Palin locked in a bubble and more and more Republicans are becoming furious with the way this sham of a campaign is being run .
Barack Obama needs to stand firm and not give in !
I do n't know if comic strip genius Bill Watterson would like this version of his worldwide - beloved Calvin and Hobbes / Jobs - who morphs from philosophical tiger to killer CEO - but we approve of this wonderful version by MAD 's Jacob Lambert ( writer ) and Gary Hallgren ( artist ) .
Actually , it made me laugh and wish for new strips .
The drawing may not be as good as the original , but Jobs ' physique and attitude feels absolutely spot on .
Update : another series after the jump .
Advertisement
[ MAD and Flickr via Dark Roasted Blend ]
In addition to hosting the ZDNet Government and ZDNet DIY - IT blogs , CBS Interactive 's Distinguished Lecturer David Gewirtz is an author , U.S. policy advisor and computer scientist .
He is featured in The History Channel special The President 's Book of Secrets , is one of America 's foremost cyber - security experts , and is a top expert on saving and creating jobs .
He is also director of the U.S. Strategic Perspective Institute as well as the founder of ZATZ Publishing .
David is a member of FBI InfraGard , the Cyberwarfare Advisor for the International Association for Counterterrorism & Security Professionals , a columnist for The Journal of Counterterrorism and Homeland Security , and has been a regular CNN contributor , and a guest commentator for the Nieman Watchdog of the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard University .
He is the author of Where Have All the Emails Gone ? , the definitive study of email in the White House , as well as How To Save Jobs and The Flexible Enterprise , the classic book that served as a foundation for today 's agile business movement .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
While politicians of all stripes are vying to be seen as saviors in the energy crisis , Congress is n't giving renewable energy investors the one thing they say would help the most - long - term tax credits .
Lawmakers from both sides of the aisle want the nation to move away from fossil fuels and become more energy independent .
Barack Obama is pushing his $ 150 billion , Apollo Project - style plan to invest in renewable energy .
John McCain is calling for a $ 300 million prize for any person or company who makes major advances in electric car batteries , and lower corporate tax rates across the board .
But it 's the tax credits for renewable energy projects - currently hung up in partisan fighting over how to pay for them and in danger of expiring - that those who actually invest big money into renewable energy say they need the most .
" What I really want is to not be talking about this every cycle , " Bill Green , managing director of venture capital company Vantage Point Venture Partners , said at a recent renewable energy conference .
" We face a lack of predictability , and we need a policy that transcends a certain election . "
A big help from Uncle Sam
The tax credits are substantial .
They currently give wind , geothermal and biofuels projects 2 cents for every kilowatt hour produced .
The current market price for electricity is about 5 cents per kilowatt hour , so it works out to a subsidy of about 40 % , according to the Energy Information Administration .
For solar , businesses and individuals can get 30 % of the cost of a solar plant or home installation refunded by the government .
These tax credits have been around in some form since the early 1990s , but since the late 1990 have only been renewed on a yearly basis .
That 's a problem for anyone trying to develop large sources of renewable energy .
People putting solar panels on their roof usually are able to take advantage of the tax credit because they should be able to have the panels up and running in less than a year .
But finding someone to pony up the money to build a massive utility - sized solar project - which can take three to six years to build - is a lot harder if the long - term availability of the tax credit is uncertain .
" If you do just one year extensions , you do n't create market stability for the larger projects , " said Monique Hanif , spokesperson for the Solar Energy Industries Association .
Americans losing out on jobs
In addition , Hanif said it is driving manufacturing jobs overseas .
Solar panels are heavy and expensive to ship , so in many cases in makes sense to build them in the country where they will be used .
But if the market in this country is uncertain , it makes it likely the companies that make solar panels will build their factories somewhere else .
Hanif said one solar company has already put plans to build a manufacturing plant in the United States on hold .
" Instead of creating a market where we can capture leadership , countries like Germany , Spain and China are way ahead of us , " she said .
An expensive proposition
Congressional watchers say the tax breaks have only been extended one year at a time because it 's cheaper .
" All tax breaks have to be paid for , and on the 1 - year window they have to come up with less money , " said Mark Luscombe , principal analyst at tax information publisher CCH .
There 's also the belief that someday soon the renewable energy industry wo n't need government assistance , and extending the tax breaks too far into the future would be unnecessary , said Luscombe .
Lawmakers say they are aware of the problem and are trying to extend the tax credits on a long - term basis .
" It looks like the revenue for long - term extensions will materialize soon , " an aid to Sen .
Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee , said in an email .
" Sen . Grassley supports cutting back some tax incentives for conventional energy production and re-channeling that revenue into long - term extensions of the alternative energy incentives . "
Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , also said he 's on board .
His most recent proposal included an eight year extension for solar power , said an aid .
But just because it can get past the finance committee does n't mean it will pass the larger Congress .
The credits are currently bundled together with other tax extensions , with Democrats and Republicans fighting over how they 'll get funded .
A spokesman for Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) said there 's a good chance the tax credits will get moved into a larger energy bill that Congress is expected to take up when they return from recess Sept.
8 .
The larger energy bill is expected to center around some type of trade off - a limited expansion of offshore drilling pushed for by the Republicans in exchange for higher taxes on the oil companies and more funding for renewable energy , championed by the Democrats .
But with the presidential election on the horizon and the end of the year fast approaching , Congress only has a few weeks to act .
" There are just so many other distractions right now , " said the solar association 's Hanif .
" There 's a 50 - 50 chance this could expire . "
John already linked the brilliantly apt video in last night 's Open Thread .
McCain 's Media is shriveling up and they 're starting to point out inconsistencies ... what 's a campaign spokesman to do ?
Be a WATB , naturally .
Hah .
So. John McCain 's campaign got pissed off at the New York Times for reporting a kinda tenuous connection ( Note from Nicole : Kinda tenuous ?
$ 30,000 a month to lobby on behalf of Fannie Mae is hardly tenuous ) between McCain campaign manager Rick Davis and Fannie Mae .
So strategist Steve Schmidt , who is increasingly insane and unhinged and so un-Rove - like in his Rovian tactics , held a conference call to attack the Times .
" Whatever the New York Times once was , it is today , not by any standard a journalistic organization .
It is a pro-Obama advocacy organization that every day attacks the McCain Campaign , attacks Senator McCain , attacks Governor Palin , and excuses Senator Obama , " Schmidt sputtered .
So , hah , if Politico 's Ben Smith 's writeup of the call is any indication , this media - attacking will backfire !
" But the call was so rife with simple , often inexplicable misstatements of fact , " Smith writes , " that it may have had the opposite effect : to deepen the perception , dangerous to McCain , that he and his aides have little regard for factual accuracy "
Jerry McCutcheon went to Sarah Palin ’s office here last week to request information about the firing of former Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan , the scandal that for weeks has threatened to overshadow the governor ’s role as Republican presidential candidate John McCain ’s running mate .
McCutcheon was given a phone number in Virginia to call : the national headquarters of the McCain - Palin campaign .
Why , he wanted to know , did he have to call a campaign office 4,300 miles away to find out what was going on in Alaska government ?
The longtime civic activist phoned his local state representative , Les Gara , who quickly filed a protest .
These days , many such queries about Monegan -- or anything else involving Palin ’s record as governor -- get diverted to McCain staffers .
A former Justice Department prosecutor from New York flew in recently to advise the governor ’s lawyer and field reporters ’ calls about Monegan .
Soon after , Palin ’s willingness to cooperate in the Legislature ’s probe of the affair ended .
Advertisement
A recent call to John Cramer , the head of the state Department of Military and Veterans Affairs -- who clashed with Palin during her years as mayor of Wasilla -- was returned by a McCain campaign operative who had just arrived from Washington , D.C. “ John who ? ” she asked .
In stubbornly independent Alaska , the sudden intrusion of a political campaign into so many corners of state government -- not to mention Wasilla , where a dozen or more campaign researchers and lawyers have also begun overseeing the release of any information about Palin ’s years as mayor -- has touched a raw nerve .
McCain staffers have even been assigned to answer calls for Palin ’s family members , who have been instructed not to talk .
“ Why did the McCain campaign take over the governor ’s office ? ” the Anchorage Daily News demanded in an editorial Saturday .
“ Is it too much to ask that Alaska ’s governor speak for herself , directly to Alaskans , about her actions as Alaska ’s governor ? ”
The partisan spillover of the presidential campaign into the statehouse , political analysts here say , now threatens Palin ’s most powerful political capital in Alaska : her commitment to transparency , her willingness to forge bipartisan alliances with Democrats to advance her legislative agenda , and her battle to upend the good ol ’ boy network .
Advertisement
“ Is this going to dilute her image as a maverick who will clean out the rascals from their perches of power , when she herself cannot tolerate questions into her behavior , investigations into the firing of a public safety commissioner ? ” said Gerald McBeath , political science professor at the University of Alaska in Fairbanks .
Palin , he said , is “ still popular ” in Alaska , “ but she is not beloved .
And there ’s a difference between the two .
She ’s getting a lot more criticism at the state level as a result of her vice presidential candidacy . ”
Democratic leaders , whom the Palin camp accuses of initiating rounds of partisan sniping , say the bipartisanship that helped Palin win passage of ethics measures , a new natural - gas pipeline and an increase in the oil production tax -- in most cases over the objections of her own Republican leadership -- is essentially over .
“ She would have gotten none of her bills passed without us , and to see her come in and attack us now the way she ’s attacking us , when it ’s completely unwarranted , is just tearing people up , ” said Democratic state Sen.
Bill Wielechowski .
“ I think it ’s going to make it hard for her to come back and govern in this state . ”
Advertisement
Even conservatives are expressing resentment over the governor ’s about - face on the Monegan investigation and the infiltration of state government by the McCain campaign .
“ This Palin VP thing has Alaskans all stirred up .
Much like Palin divided the Republican Party , she has managed to divide the state over her national candidacy , ” conservative talk - show host Dan Fagan complained in a commentary last week .
“ My fellow conservatives , remember how frustrating it was when Bill Clinton committed perjury and liberals looked the other way .
As conservatives , we are no better unless we demand full disclosure from our governor , ” he said . " . . .
No politician is so popular and charismatic that they should be above accountability and telling the truth . ”
Most of the battle lines have been drawn in regards to the furor over allegations that Monegan was fired in July because he had refused to terminate Palin ’s former brother - in - law , a state trooper whose divorce from the governor ’s sister was messy .
Advertisement
Palin insists the firing was motivated by Monegan ’s insubordination on budget issues , not her sister ’s situation , though the governor and her husband , Todd , admit complaining in the past about the trooper .
They said their former brother - in - law had threatened the family , driven his patrol car after drinking alcohol and illegally shot a moose .
Palin had welcomed the Legislature ’s inquiry and promised to cooperate .
But she now says the state personnel board , not the Legislature , is the proper venue to probe what happened .
The board consists of three GOP appointees .
Palin ’s spokespeople have accused the Democratic chair of the state Senate Judiciary Committee , Hollis French , and others of turning the probe into a partisan attack .
In a media interview earlier this month , French warned that the committee ’s final report might turn into “ an October surprise ” for the McCain campaign .
Advertisement
On Friday , French , who was Palin ’s point man in the Legislature on the oil production tax hike , waited for more than half an hour for subpoenaed witnesses , including Palin ’s husband .
None showed up .
Several other witnesses had been scheduled to testify voluntarily but , on the advice of Palin ’s attorney general , also did not appear .
The resulting standoff has put Alaska on the verge of a constitutional crisis , as the legislative and executive branches each refuse to budge , and no one is sure who is in charge .
Legislators say they will consider holding in contempt any witnesses who ignore subpoenas , and they have challenged the right of the attorney general , who is appointed by the governor , to advise state employees on whether to testify .
The standoff has ended any vestiges of bipartisan goodwill for Palin in Juneau , after just 21 months in office .
“ The level of money [ the McCain campaign ] sent up here to attack people is unprecedented in a small state like this .
If [ McCain ] were truly a reformer , he ’d end this nonsense and apologize to all the people he ’s attacked up here , ” said Rep. Gara , a Democrat .
Advertisement
The biggest controversy came Tuesday , when the McCain - Palin campaign called a news conference to dispute the claim that Monegan was dismissed for refusing to fire the trooper .
Edward O’Callaghan , who until recently was co-chief of the terrorism and national security unit of the U.S. attorney ’s office in New York , and a former Palin spokeswoman now working for the national campaign , accused Monegan of a “ rogue mentality ” and “ outright insubordination . ”
They said he had flown to Washington , D.C. , without Palin ’s approval to lobby for more police funding .
Democratic leaders , incensed that outsiders were attacking a respected former state official , produced a travel document Friday showing that in fact Monegan had a signed authorization from the governor ’s chief of staff before making what the Palin camp had called an “ unauthorized ” lobbying trip .
“ I do n’t know why they ’re trying to paint this [ legislative investigation ] as a Democratic partisan attack , ” said state Sen. Wielechowski .
“ The thing I constantly remind people of is : Democrats did n’t push this .
You know who pushed it ?
It was the Republicans .
This is the thing people conveniently forget now .
There were no Democrats out there screaming for an investigation . ”
Advertisement
The House Judiciary Committee vote to endorse the issuance of the subpoenas included five Republicans and two Democrats .
Taylor Griffin , the McCain - Palin spokesman in Alaska , said the governor believes the state personnel board is a more objective forum for answering any outstanding questions .
“ The governor . . . has nothing to hide , and she instructed her staff to cooperate with the inquiry because she thought it was important to get the facts out , ” Griffin said .
“ But this was all before she was named as the Republican vice presidential running mate .
After that , things changed .
There was a partisan switch that was flipped among many in the Legislative Council , five of whom have endorsed Obama , several of whom are featured in a picture on Obama ’s website , ” he said .
The 14 - member council -- which oversees legislative business between sessions -- unanimously authorized the probe .
Advertisement
Meanwhile , the blogs in Alaska have been full of rants about the McCain campaign .
“ A pack of high - powered East Coast lawyers are the new artisans of the Palin ‘ image . ’
If anyone has a question about Palin ’s 20 months as governor , ask the McCain campaign , because apparently no one else can give you the answers .
This is not going over well in Alaska , ” one blogger wrote last week .
“ Who the hell do they think they are ? ” wrote another .
Yet many on both sides of the political fence who initially were critical of Palin have rallied behind her .
“ Everything that ’s flitting through my mind right now is better left where it is , ” Rep. Jay Ramras , a Fairbanks Republican who has been a strident critic of Palin , told the Anchorage Daily News last week .
The governor , he said , has become “ the American idol of politics . ”
Advertisement
--
kim.murphy@latimes.com
No one should ever sit in this office over 70 years old , and that I know .
Dwight D. Eisenhower
A study commissioned by a phallically named insurance company proves beyond all doubt that the unbridled roar of an Italian supercar turns women on but the soft purr of a fuel - efficient econobox does n't stimulate anyone 's MPG - spot .
David Moxon subjected 40 men and women to the sounds of a Maserati , Lamborghini and Ferrari , then measured the amount of testosterone in their saliva .
He found everyone had higher levels of the stuff – a measure of their arousal – after hearing the revving exotics , but the amount the women had was off the charts .
The econobox , however , left everyone colder than a January day in Nome .
The study was commissioned by the ultra- exclusive British insurer Hiscox ( we swear
we 're not making this up ) , which was curious to know how people respond to high - end luxury cars .
" We knew owners of luxury cars felt a connection with the sound of their vehicles , " says Steve Langan , managing director of the insurance company .
" We have now scientifically proven the physical attraction people feel when it comes to cars . "
To test the theory that high - performance cars get people hot , Moxon had 40 men and women listen to recordings of the three Italian exotics and a Volkswagen Polo .
Everyone had significantly more testosterone after hearing the exotics , and all of the women were turned on by the Maserati .
The guys , on the other hand , were drawn to the Lamborghini .
“ We saw significant peaks in the amount of testosterone in the body , particularly in women , " Maxon says , noting that even women who said they had no interest in cars were turned on .
" Testosterone is indicative of positive arousal in the human body so we can confidently conclude from the results out today that the roar of a luxury car engine actually does cause a primeval physiological response . ”
As for the Polo ?
Everyone had less testosterone after listening to it .
That means the acceleratus interruptus of a Prius going all - electric in traffic is automotive equivalent of skin flicks starring previous secretaries of state , despite General Motors ' claim that nearly nine out of 10 women would rather talk to a guy in a hybrid than a Porsche .
Do n't buy it ?
Check out these videos of Maserati , Lamborghini and VW Polo exhaust notes and tell us how you feel afterward .
Be forewarned , though – we are not responsible for any primeval responses they cause .
Photo by Flickr user VOD Cars .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhge85WyABg
U.S. wholesale prices in July 2008 grew at the fastest rate since 1981 .
The cost of materials has risen 9.8 percent in the last twelve months , according to government data .
While gasoline prices fell the week of August 18 to $ 3.74 a gallon , they remain far higher than the $ 2.40 a gallon of mid-2005 .
Meanwhile , the price of food at the grocery store continues to climb , while consumer purchasing power remains stagnant .
According to analyst Michael Hodges , average family income adjusted for inflation declined six percent from 1999 to 2005 , and the drop has continued since then .
With families no longer able to borrow on their shrinking home equity for purchasing power due to the collapse of the housing bubble , they have had to tap into their savings .
According to Hodges , “ As of summer 2007 , savings were a negative 1.3 percent , an all - time low . ” ( Grandfather Economic Report , August 2008 )
The government claimed that GDP grew during the 2nd quarter of 2008 — hence no recession — admitting at the same time that the chief driver of growth was the economic stimulus rebates sent by the IRS to taxpayers .
The rebates , however , were paid for by more government debt , with a $ 490 billion federal budget deficit projected for fiscal year 2009 that begins next month .
Whether even the paltry 2nd quarter growth at an annual rate of 1.9 percent was “ real ” is subject to debate .
Since the U.S. began to lose its manufacturing economy , a long - term slide that began after the Vietnam War , all economic growth has been in the services and financial sectors .
The government counts any financial transaction that can be taxed as part of the GDP whether or not it results in the creation of goods and services of tangible value .
Bizarrely , a transaction can add to GDP even if it is based on money that has been borrowed and must be repaid with interest in the future .
So this type of debt - based GDP growth can actually be destructive in the long - run .
This has happened in the U.S. , where total household , student , business , and government debt will soon be pushing $ 70 trillion against an annual GDP in 2007 of $ 13.8 trillion .
The best measure of economic health for working men and women in the producing economy is not GDP but rather M1 .
This is money available as immediate purchasing power from cash - on - hand , checking accounts , and NOW accounts .
M1 measures what can be bought today without a consumer being required to incur new debt .
The amount of money available as M1 has fluctuated in the $ 1.3 - $ 1.4 trillion range since December 2003 .
Growth in M1 has essentially been flat .
This means that even moderate inflation can result in erosion of consumer purchasing power .
By this measure , the producing economy has been in a mild recession for four - and - a - half years .
But according to the M1 Money Stock Forecast of the independent Financial Forecast Center , M1 was projected to fall from June to August of 2008 from 1.3883 trillion to 1.386 trillion .
Thus with inflation now running at close to ten percent , we have entered a period of stagflation potentially worse than the 1970s .
And stagflation is nothing less than a weapon of mass destruction aimed at the livelihoods not only of the elderly and those on fixed incomes , but also on students , the unemployed , families , and almost everyone who has a job in the producing economy .
Richard C. Cook is a former U.S. federal government analyst , whose career included service with the U.S. Civil Service Commission , the Food and Drug Administration , the Carter White House , NASA , and the U.S. Treasury Department .
His articles on economics , politics , and space policy have appeared in numerous websites and print magazines .
His book on monetary reform , entitled We Hold These Truths : The Hope of Monetary Reform , will soon be published by Tendril Press .
He is the author of Challenger Revealed : An Insider ’s Account of How the Reagan Administration Caused the Greatest Tragedy of the Space Age , called by one reviewer , “ the most important spaceflight book of the last twenty years . ”
His website is www.richardccook.com.
Comments or requests to be added to his mailing list may be sent to [ email protected ] .
Richard C. Cook is a frequent contributor to Global Research .
Global Research Articles by Richard C. Cook
US ISV Evangelism
7/17/2020
6 minutes to read
In this article
Checkout these three apps .
Please rate these apps if you like them .
tvtag is the place to be while ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 06/30/2014
Check out these apps today .
If you like the app please give it a rating .
Enjoy !
Keeeb on ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 06/26/2014
Download these apps .
If you like these apps , please rate them .
WordPop -
Do you like word games ?...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 06/24/2014
Check out these 5 apps .
If you like them please rate them .
Enjoy !
Mathbreakers is a 3 - D math ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 06/20/2014
Check out these 4 Windows Phone Apps .
If you like them , please give them a rating .
TRAINR ™ is ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 06/19/2014
Check these 5 apps today .
If you like them , please give them a rating .
Scribd is the world ’s ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 06/17/2014
This is a repost from our friends at the BizSpark Group Blog .
The holidays are here , and that means ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 12/24/2013
Do you have an idea so brilliant , it keeps you up at night ?
Developers & entrepreneurs , BizSpark ...
Author : David C. Chou Date : 09/25/2013
Join us for this FREE , hands - on event and learn how to build a Windows 8.1 and / or Windows Phone game ...
Author : David C. Chou Date : 09/19/2013
Join a Microsoft Developer Camp and learn critical skills that all modern developers need to know ....
Author : David C. Chou Date : 09/19/2013
These posters are excellent for learning about Windows Azure , Cloud Services , Infrastructure ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 08/28/2013
Making it easier to get started with Windows Phone App Studio beta , simplified phone registration , ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 08/06/2013
Cooking is an art , it is a form of relaxation and there are uncountable mouthwatering food recipes ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 07/29/2013
We ’re starting a new series of blog posts about great new apps that our partners are ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 07/29/2013
Microsoft is excited to announce a limited public preview of a new Windows Azure SQL Database ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 07/23/2013
Windows 8 Refined During BUILD 's Day 1 keynote speech , Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer and other ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 07/11/2013
Editor 's Note :
This post comes from Satya Nadella , President of Microsoft 's Server & Tools ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 06/25/2013
This is reblogged from the Windows Azure blog which can be found here .
Last week we shared how ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 04/09/2013
BUILD 2013 will take place at The Moscone Center in San Francisco , CA from June 26 – June 28 , 2013 ....
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 04/01/2013
The following is a repost from the The Official Microsoft Blog and Steve Guggenheimer , Microsoft ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 03/26/2013
I realized that we did n’t create a post on the latest Windows Azure Kit in December .
...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 03/20/2013
How To Prepare Your Windows 8 App For The World Market
With the possibility of selling apps in more ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 03/14/2013
The newly available ASP.
NET and Web Tools 2012.2 update is FREE and adds some great ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 03/13/2013
If you are a BizSpark member , you are eligible to receive unique offers and promotions .
This month , ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 03/12/2013
Mobile Services Adds Android Support
We created Mobile Services to make it easier for ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 03/06/2013
The Windows Phone Dev Center app ( preview ) gives you all that great data about how your app is doing ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 02/27/2013
App Madness Student Challenge Looking for a way to get started building awesome Windows 8 apps ?...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 02/26/2013
There is a new landing page on Channel 9 where you can find videos , event recordings and shows about ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 02/20/2013
ZERO260 is a virtual training session , that will get you up to speed FAST with Windows 8 game ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 02/18/2013
To enter , publish your app (s ) to the Windows Store and / or Windows Phone Store between December 20 , ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 02/08/2013
TouchDevelop is a programming environment that runs on your mobile devices .
You write scripts by ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 02/05/2013
Windows 8 Unleashed Coding Competition The Windows 8 Unleashed Coding ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 01/23/2013
The Windows Phone SDK Update for WP 7.8 has been released to the web and is immediately available ...
Author : Wes Yanaga Date : 01/22/2013
Accellos , a leading provider of supply chain execution software solutions , talks about their release ...
Author : Bruce Kyle Date : 10/26/2012
Microsoft is bringing Windows Azure Web Sites , Virtual Machines , the Service Management Portal and ...
Author : Bruce Kyle Date : 10/09/2012
If you are a Web Developer , we want to show you how to make money with your Windows 8 app using the ...
Author : Bruce Kyle Date : 10/04/2012
Today in a global online launch event Satya Nadella , president of Microsoft Server and Tools ...
Author : Bruce Kyle Date : 09/04/2012
Windows Server 2012 has been released to manufacturing .
That means the final code is complete and we ...
Author : Bruce Kyle Date : 08/03/2012
Windows 8 has been released to manufacturing ( RTM ) .
Developers will be able to download the final ...
Author : Bruce Kyle Date : 08/02/2012
The Windows Azure team has announced that Windows Azure now enables HIPPA compliance .
Microsoft now ...
Author : Bruce Kyle Date : 07/27/2012
The next developer conference will be this fall and is being called BUILD .
It will be held on ...
Author : Bruce Kyle Date : 07/26/2012
Customers seeking to simply migrate their applications to the cloud and use traditional server ...
Author : Bruce Kyle Date : 07/23/2012
Your cloud applications can now take advantage of the same identity system that powers Office 365 , ...
Author : Bruce Kyle Date : 07/20/2012
Next >
Lifestyle lessons could replace traditional subjects in teaching shake - up
Schools Secretary Ed Balls has ordered an inquiry to consider whether pupils are studying too many subjects
Lessons in healthy lifestyles and sex education could replace traditional
academic subjects in a shake - up of primary school teaching planned by Ed Balls .
Pupils could even be assessed on their ‘ personal development ’ as well as the three Rs .
The Schools Secretary has ordered an inquiry into primary school lessons to consider whether pupils are currently studying too many subjects .
Now the team behind the review has said heads and teachers agree there should be reductions both in the ‘ number of subject areas ’ and the subject content pupils cover .
Instead they want pupils to study ‘ concepts and skills ’ that cut across traditional curriculum areas and a stronger focus on personal development , including healthy eating , ‘ self - esteem ’ , sex and relationships , drugs and philosophy .
The demands are being considered by former Ofsted boss Sir Jim Rose , who is conducting the primary review on behalf of Mr Balls .
He is due to publish an interim report next month with final conclusions due next year .
As part of the review , officials conducted 60 seminars across England , involving 1,500 heads , teachers , classroom assistants , governors , parents and pupils .
The report on the events claimed participants viewed literacy , numeracy and personal development as having equal importance .
Aspects of personal development considered vital included ‘ healthy lifestyles , sex and relationships , drugs and alcohol , philosophy , self - esteem and helping children to understand multiple cultural identities ’.
Participants felt these areas should be the ‘ central driver ’ behind the curriculum .
According to the report , personal development should build on existing lessons in ‘ social and emotional aspects of learning ’ , which cover happiness and respect for others .
The report , published by the Qualifications and Curriculum Authority , which is assisting Sir Jim , raises the prospect of a threat to the teaching of distinct subjects
such as history , geography , music , art and technology .
It follows a warning by academics yesterday that the review threatens the prominence of science .
The secondary curriculum for 11 to 14 year - olds has already been reformed to give teachers more flexibility over what they teach , causing a row over whether aspects of the previous curriculum , such as the role of Winston Churchill , will be covered in sufficient depth .
A similar move at primary level would be welcomed by many in the education establishment .
Mick Brookes , general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers , said : ‘ Subjects do n’t come in boxes .
Our geography affects our history and putting these together in a topic - based approach seems to me absolutely sensible . ’
But Tory schools spokesman Nick Gibb said : ‘ This approach was tried in the 1960s and 1970s and failed , and it will fail again .
' We need primary schools to focus on maths and English and give children
an introduction to the history of our country and the geography of the world .
‘ The way to raise self - esteem is to ensure children are fluent readers by six or seven , and through sports days and team sports . ’
PALIN : 'ONLY FLAG IN MY OFFICE ' IS ISRAELI
President Peres of Israel yesterday met for the first time with Governor Palin and with Senator McCain , who called the veteran Israeli statesman " my old friend . "
The warm handshake and exchange of broad smiles occurred during an international gathering known as the Clinton Global Initiative , hosted by President Clinton .
" I wanted to meet you for many years , " Ms. Palin told Mr. Peres , according to an aide to the president .
" The only flag at my office is an Israeli flag , " she was quoted as saying , " and I want you to know and I want Israelis to know that I am a friend . "
OBAMA , McCAIN , BUSH TO VISIT RENO
Senator Obama 's campaign said late yesterday that he will be in Reno , Nev. , on Tuesday to discuss important issues facing the country .
No details about the time or location have been released .
Senator McCain also intends to be in Reno next Thursday .
That time and place has n't been released either .
President Bush is scheduled to deliver a speech next Friday in Reno to the White House Conference on North American Wildlife Policy at the Silver Legacy hotel - casino .
Recent polls show Messrs .
McCain and Obama in a statistical dead heat in Nevada .
PALIN : U.S. HAS WON 'VICTORY ' IN IRAQ
Governor Palin , describing the need for more troops in Afghanistan , said America has achieved " victory " in Iraq .
It was an apparent misstep in Ms. Palin 's third interview since agreeing to become Senator McCain 's running mate nearly one month ago .
The Alaska governor told CBS 's Katie Couric that " a surge in Afghanistan also will lead us to victory there as it has proven to have done in Iraq , " adding that " we cannot afford to retreat , to withdraw in Iraq . "
Pressed on why her state 's proximity to Russia enhanced her foreign policy experience , Ms. Palin said : " Well , it certainly does , because our , our next - door neighbors are foreign countries , there in the state that I am the executive of . "
She added that when Prime Minister Putin " rears his head and comes into the airspace of the United States of America , where do they go ?
It 's Alaska . "
AD WATCH : McCAIN SKIN CANCER AT ISSUE
Two liberal political action committees are making an issue of Senator McCain 's past bouts with skin cancer in a television commercial that features his facial scar and demands that the Republican presidential nominee release his medical records to the public .
The 30 - second ad , so far airing for $ 50,000 only on MSNBC , is paid for by Brave New PAC and Democracy for America , a political group headed by James Dean , brother of the chairman of the Democratic National Committee , Howard Dean .
" John McCain is 72 years old and had cancer 4 times , " the ad's text says over a black - and - white image of Mr. McCain with the left side of his face bandaged after surgery in 2000 .
" Why wo n't McCain release his medical records ? "
The ad is the most public and unflinching effort to turn McCain 's health into a political issue .
It is part of a broader effort by the two groups for Mr. McCain to make his health records public .
PALIN ACCEPTED $ 25 K IN GIFTS
Governor Palin , who has made a crackdown on gift - giving to state officials a centerpiece of her ethics reform agenda , has accepted gifts valued at $ 25,367 from industry executives , municipalities , and a cultural center whose board includes officials from some of the largest mining interests in the state , a review of state records shows .
The 41 gifts Ms. Palin accepted during her 20 months as Alaska governor include honorific tributes , expensive artwork , and free travel for a family member .
They also include more than $ 2,500 in personal items from Calista , a large Alaska native corporation with a variety of pending state regulatory and budgetary issues , and a gold - nugget pin valued at $ 1,200 from the city of Nome , which lobbies on municipal , local , and capital budget matters , documents show .
DEMOCRATIC TICKET IN MICH .
SUNDAY
Senator Obama , Senator Biden , and their spouses will hold a campaign rally Sunday afternoon in front of the Detroit Public Library .
Messrs .
Obama and Biden are expected to remind people about Michigan 's October 6 voter registration deadline .
Michigan is one of the key battleground states in the presidential campaign .
A number of companies have released details of tiny handheld projectors over the last few months , none have managed to get one released as yet , that is until now , 3 M has beaten other manufacturers to it with the launch of the 3M MPro110 Handheld Projector .
The 3M MPro110 will be able to display a VGA image at a resolution of 640 x 480 up to 50 inches , it has built in VGA and composite video inputs , and the best part has to be the price , the 3M MPro110 will go on sale for $ 359 , and should be available to buy in about two weeks .
So we can expect to see a lot more of these mini handheld projectors over the next twelve months and the price is bound to drop .
Update 6th October 2008
The 3M MPro110 is now available to order online from the 3M Shop .
via Oh Gizmo
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
The Chevy Volt . GM rolls out the Volt More Videos Find your next Car New
Used Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Eagle Ferrari Ford GMC Geo Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus MG Maserati Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo
DETROIT ( CNNMoney.com ) -- General Motors unveiled the Chevrolet Volt electric vehicle on Tuesday , allowing outsiders their first full look at the car GM says will go on sale in 2010 .
" The Volt symbolizes GM 's commitment to the future , " said Rick Wagoner , the company 's chairman and CEO .
The Volt will be driven by electricity stored in a large T - shaped lithium - ion battery pack running the length of the car .
After charging for several hours , the Volt will be able to run for up to about 40 miles without using gasoline .
GM did not announce pricing for the car , which will have the equivalent of about 150 horsepower and a top speed of 100 mph , the automaker said .
To charge the batteries , drivers will plug a cord into one of the ports just ahead of the driver 's side mirror .
The cord can then be attached to an ordinary home electrical outlet .
The car will cost " less than purchasing a cup of your favorite coffee " to recharge , and use less electricity annually than a refrigerator .
The Volt should cost less than 2 cents per mile to drive on electricity , GM said , compared to 12 cents a mile on gasoline at a price of $ 3.60 a gallon .
As the battery begins to run down as the car is in use , a small gasoline engine will turn on and generate enough electricity to drive the car about 300 miles .
GM did not announce pricing for the car , which will have the equivalent of about 150 horsepower and a top speed of 100 mph , the automaker said .
The car 's zero - to - sixty time will be under nine seconds , said GM vehicle line director Tony Posawatz .
That would make the performance about average for a modern car .
" The center of gravity of the car , with the center battery pack , it 's going to have real great ride and handling , " said Posawatz .
Disappointed fans
Unlike hybrid cars , or plug - in hybrids , the Volt is driven only be electricity .
The gasoline engine never directly drives the car 's wheels .
Based on photos released last week - inadvertently , GM says - many people posting comments on car blogs have expressed disappointment that the production car does not look as angular and aggressive as the original concept vehicle .
" The majority of [ the comments ] are negative , " Lyle Dennis , a New Jersey neurologist who runs the blog GM - Volt.com , said last week .
" A lot of people are saying they 're very disappointed and ' take me off the [ waiting ] list . ' "
GM ( GM , Fortune 500 ) regularly uses the Volt concept car , introduced at the 2007 Detroit Auto Show , in its advertising , identifying it as " future product . "
That concept car 's angular face was n't aerodynamically efficient enough to make it to the final version as GM engineers and designers tried to extract every extra foot of " all electric " range from the car , GM designers have said .
The Volt will seat four , not five as some other cars its size can , according to GM .
The space required by the battery pack would not allow for a center seating position in the back .
The interior has a futuristic design , but it maintains the twin - cockpit look derived from the classic Corvette sports car , which has become a trademark design in recent Chevrolet cars .
The gear selector , when pushed forward into the " Park " position , sits in an opening in the car 's dashboard creating a smooth appearance .
Once the car is turned on , it can be pulled back to " Drive . "
The Volt 's battery pack goes where the " transmission tunnel " would be in a conventional rear - wheel - drive car .
That means the batteries do n't take up cargo space as they do in some hybrid cars .
Unlike its smoothly rounded front , the back end of the car has a sharp , angular shape .
In the rear , where air flows together as it trails off from the vehicle , sharp angles help smooth air flow .
A wing incorporated into the trailing edge of the roof also helps to smooth airflow helping fuel economy .
Keeping it simple
Beyond its advanced electric drive system , the Volt is n't particularly high - tech .
Engineers and designers wanted to keep the experience as familiar to drivers as possible .
Besides , lots of electronic gadgetry inside the car would have used electric power needed to offer the maximum gasoline - free driving range .
The Volt will have a central display screen - similar to one in a Toyota Prius hybrid - that will show how the car is using electric power , when the batteries are being charged and whether the gasoline engine is turned on .
GM is also planning to roll out another plug - in vehicle in 2009 , the Saturn Vue Plug - in Hybrid SUV .
That vehicle will be a standard hybrid vehicle , meaning that both gasoline and electric power will move the wheels .
Other companies , including Toyota ( TM ) and Nissan , have also announced plans to have plug - in cars of some type on the market by 2010 .
So far , the Volt is the only one of its type , running on electricity only but with on - board power generating capability .
Ford Motor Co. ( F , Fortune 500 ) has exhibited a vehicle with a drive system similar to the Volt 's and has allowed journalists to drive the vehicle .
But Ford has not announced any plans to produce such a vehicle for consumers , citing the high price of battery technology .
This first - generation Chevy Volt is expected to be fairly expensive , Posawatz conceded .
( Some reports have put the price at $ 40,000 . )
But GM is not looking to make much money , if any , on the car , he said .
GM is expecting to produce at least 10,000 Volts in the car 's first year and higher numbers after that , he said .
An increase in productivity saves time , the most valuable constituent of life .
Take heed to these swift tips and the victory dance shall be yours .
If you want to catch fish , and really enjoy the sport , you
will maintain your lures and line in some organized fashion .
The best at it will always have their tackle ready .
– David Allen
I want to thank each and every one of you who took the time and energy to defeat this monstrosity .
This was an enormous victory for Democracy .
205 Yes - 228 No - We Won !!!!
This is unprecedented .
The treasury secretary , the president , the speaker , and the chairman of the senate finance committee all supported the bill .
This bill went down only because of a popular uprising .
Stand up and take a bow .
If Your Legislative Representative Voted No ...
Please phone and fax your congressional representative thanking them for their courageous vote .
If Your Legislative Representative Voted Yes ...
Please phone and fax them one more time stating you will organize action in their district should they attempt to revive this bill in any other form .
Take the above action for 3 consecutive days .
Make sure they know we appreciate [ or disapprove ] of what they have done .
How Everyone Voted
Click here for FINAL VOTE RESULTS FOR ROLL CALL 674
This was a tremendous victory for Democracy .
Do Not Drop Your Guard Until Congress Is In Recess .
They will try and revive it .
Please keep faxing and phoning .
Thank You
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Clusterf#@k to the Poor House - Dive of Death
ABC interrupts David Blaine 's " Dive of Death " to give us President Bush 's speech on the economic meltdown .
Truthout
by : David Rosenfeld , Miller - McCune
How many voter - registration mass mailers are “ returned to sender ” in the run-up to Election Day may determine how many Ohio residents are eligible to vote .
Ohio election officials are sending out a mass mailer stamped “ do not forward ” to all registered voters today ( Sept. 5 ) with an absentee ballot application and other important notices for Nov. 4 .
What ’s important here is not so much what ’s going out as what ’s being returned to sender .
Unbeknownst to the would - be recipients , the same mailer – just 60 days before the election – has the potential to determine their eligibility to vote , challenged not by election officials but by partisan opposition .
A similar mailer in March netted nondeliverable mail from almost 600,000 registered voters in just five Ohio counties who could now have their ballots thrown out for voting under the wrong address .
The National Voter Registration
Act prohibits any state from purging names from the voting rolls within 90 days of an election .
The law does n’t , however , preclude mass partisan challenges on or shortly before Election Day – known as voter caging – based on the same returned envelopes from state - sponsored mailers like the ones in Ohio and others going out across the country .
Read this entire article …
If anyone wants to check the status of their registration , they can click here …
https://www.voteforchange.com/index_obama.php
… to confirm whether their registration status is good to go in November .
Check often .
Your vote SHOULD and MUST count , and BE COUNTED !
You do NOT have to be an Obama supporter to check your status !
Read more on Voter Caging at the websites of Greg Palast , BradBlog , and Mark Crispin Miller ( one more video with Mark Crispin Miller that is a must - see ) .
Do n’t miss this interview on BuzzFlash with Greg Palast called : How Rove May Have Already Stolen the 2008 Election
Photo : Matt Mahurin / Rolling Stone – Article : Was This Election Stolen by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
: : : : : : : : : :
George Washington ’s Blog
Sunday , Sept 21 , 2008
We all know that the Fed is trying to stick the American taxpayers with trillions of dollars in debt ( direct or through inflation ) to bail out the Wall Street robber barons .
But did you know that they are also trying to get you to bail out foreign gamblers ?
An article in the Telegraph states :
“ The Fed has also just offered another $ 125bn of liquidity to banks outside the US that are desperate for dollars and can’t access America ’s frozen credit markets ”
“ Another ” $ 125 billion ?
How much has the Fed already given to foreign banks ?
Why are American taxpayers who are already drowning in debt due to U.S. gamblers also being asked to also bail out foreign speculators ?
This is n’t a pro-America anti-everyone - else post .
If I lived in England , or Canada or Japan , I would resent being asked to bail out America , too .
From tonight 's " Late Show : "
The Top Ten Questions People are Asking The John McCain Campaign
# 10 " I just contributed to your campaign – how do I get a refund ? "
# 9 " It ’s Sarah Palin – does this mean I ’m pars ’ dent ? "
# 8 " Ca n’t you solve this by selling some of your houses ? "
# 7 " This is Clay Aiken .
Is McCain single ? "
# 6 " Do you still think the fundamentals of our economy are strong , Genius ? "
# 5 " Are you doing all of this just to get out of going on Letterman ? "
# 4 " What would Matlock do ? "
# 3 " Hillary here – my schedule is free Friday night . "
# 2 " Is this just an excuse to catch up on napping ? "
# 1 " This is President Bush – what ’s all this trouble with the economy ? "
President Bush and the two major party presidential candidates sympathized Monday with investors and employees of storied but fallen financial institutions , and Bush said federal policymakers will focus their attention on " the health of the financial system as a whole . "
" We are working to reduce disruptions and minimize the impact of these financial market developments on the broader economy , " Bush said in the Rose Garden , choosing to address the market turmoil at the top of an appearance with visiting Ghanian President John Kufuor .
" The policymakers will focus on the health of the financial system as a whole , " Bush said .
His statement seemed to serve notice that the government will not continue to bail out Wall Street , as Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. filed for bankruptcy , Merrill Lynch & Co. was forced to sell itself to Bank of America , and the world 's largest insurance company plans to announce a major restructuring .
" Adjustments in the financial markets can be painful , both for people concerned about their investments and for the employees of the affected firms , " the president said .
" But in the long run I am confident that our capital markets are flexible and resilient and can deal with these adjustments . "
Bush also said he was pleased with work done so far by the Treasury Department , Federal Reserve and major financial institutions to " promote stability " in financial markets shaken by the developments involving Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch .
The president said his advisers at the White House and " throughout my administration " are focused intently on the problems and how to " promote stability in the financial system . "
He said he was remaining in close touch with Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and had been throughout the weekend .
Paulson was to join
White House officials in discussing the situation with reporters at the White House later Monday .
On the presidential campaign trail , Republican John McCain said Monday he still believes the fundamentals of the nation 's economy are strong even as the uncertain fate of two of Wall Street 's oldest institutions sent stocks tumbling .
In remarks to a crowd of several thousand in Jacksonville , Fla. , the Arizona senator said he agreed there should be no taxpayer - financed bailout of Lehman Brothers .
" The fundamentals of our economy are strong , but these are very , very difficult times , so I promise you :
We will never put America in this position again .
We will clean up Wall Street , " McCain said .
He added : " The McCain - Palin administration will replace an outdated , patchwork quilt of regulatory oversight and bring transparency and accountability to Wall Street .
We will have transparency and accountability and we will reform the regulatory bodies of government . "
The GOP nominee underscored his message with a new campaign television commercial that seemed to contradict his rosier assessment of the country 's economic health .
It is titled , " Crisis " and said , " Our economy in crisis .
Only proven reformers John McCain and Sarah Palin can fix it .
Tougher rules on Wall Street to protect your life savings .
No special interest giveaways .
Lower taxes to create new jobs .
Offshore drilling to reduce gas prices . "
Barack Obama 's campaign ridiculed the commercial .
" Today of all days , John McCain 's stubborn insistence that the ' fundamentals of the economy are strong ' shows that he is disturbingly out of touch with what 's going in the lives of ordinary Americans , " spokesman Bill Burton said in a statement .
" Even as his own ads try to convince him that the economy is in crisis , apparently his 26 years in Washington have left him incapable of understanding that the policies he supports have created an historic economic crisis . "
Obama called the fall of both Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch " the most serious financial crisis since the Great Depression " of the 1930s .
Over the weekend , advisers both to McCain and Obama said they did not favor a government bailout of Lehman Brothers .
In a statement issued shortly after 6 a.m. on the U.S. east coast , Obama said he did not blame McCain , but " I do fault the economic philosophy he subscribes to .
It 's a philosophy we 've had for the last eight years — one that says we should give more and more to those with the most and hope that prosperity trickles down to everyone else . "
" It 's a philosophy that says even common sense regulations are unnecessary and unwise , and one that says we should just stick our heads in the sand and ignore economic problems until they spiral into crises . "
McCain said in a statement issued in advance of market openings that he agreed there should be no taxpayer - financed bailout of Lehman Brothers .
" It is essential for us to make sure that the U.S. remains the pre-eminent financial market of the world .
This will be a highest priority of my administration .
In order to do this , major reform must be made in Washington and on Wall Street , " McCain said in his statement .
The demise of the independent Wall Street heavyweights came as shock waves from the 14 - month - old credit crisis roiled the U.S. financial system six months after the collapse of Bear Stearns .
The world 's largest insurance company , American International Group Inc. , also was forced into a restructuring .
And a global consortium of banks , working with government officials in New York , announced a $ 70 billion pool of funds to lend to troubled financial companies .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
© Daryl Cagle
Artist Daryl Cagle reports that he is getting a stronger response to this cartoon from newspaper editors than he can ever remember getting , with conservatives writing in disgust ( saying he was “ over the line ” by drawing Palin ’s daughter Bristol ) and liberals cheering him on .
In his defense , Cagle says that the cartoon is not about the daughter , it is about Palin ’s opposition to birth control and sex education in schools .
What I personally find ironic is that it was Sarah Palin herself her announced that her daughter was pregnant .
She did this to dispel speculation that her son Trig was actually Bristol ’s son .
Would n’t it have been much simpler to just produce some medical documentation that Trig is indeed her son ?
If Palin really feels that her daughter ’s pregnancy is a personal matter , why did she drag her daughter into the conversation ?
She should have said “ it ’s none of your damn business ” from day one .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- Humanitarian aid workers and United Nation peacekeepers are sexually abusing small children in several war - ravaged and food - poor countries , a leading European charity has said .
Children like this 15 - year - old girl have suffered abuse at the hands of some UN soldiers and aid workers .
Children as young as 6 have been forced to have sex with aid workers and peacekeepers in return for food and money , Save the Children UK said in a report released Tuesday .
After interviewing hundreds of children , the charity said it found instances of rape , child prostitution , pornography , indecent sexual assault and trafficking of children for sex .
" It is hard to imagine a more grotesque abuse of authority or flagrant violation of children 's rights , " said Jasmine Whitbread , chief executive of Save the Children UK .
Watch a report on the abuse »
In the report , " No One To Turn To " a 15 - year - old girl from Haiti told researchers : " My friends and I were walking by the National Palace one evening when we encountered a couple of humanitarian men .
The men called us over and showed us their penises .
" They offered us 100 Haitian gourdes ( $ 2.80 ) and some chocolate if we would suck them .
I said , ' No , ' but some of the girls did it and got the money . "
Save the Children says that almost as shocking as the abuse itself is the " chronic under - reporting " of the abuses .
It believes that thousands more children around the world could be suffering in silence .
According to the charity , children told researchers they were too frightened to report the abuse , fearful that the abuser would come back to hurt them and that they would stop receiving aid from agencies , or even be punished by their family or community .
" People do n't report it because they are worried that the agency will stop working here , and we need them , " a teenage boy in southern Sudan told Save the Children .
The charity 's research was centered on Ivory Coast , southern Sudan and Haiti , but Save the Children said the perpetrators of sexual abuse of children could be found in every type of humanitarian organization at all levels .
Save the Children is calling for a global watchdog to tackle the problem and said it was working with the U.N. to establish local mechanisms that will allow victims to easily report abuse .
" We are glad that Save the Children continues to shed a light on this problem .
It actually follows up on a report that we did in 2002 with Save the Children .
I think every population in the world has to confront this problem of exploitation and abuse of children , " said Ron Redmond , chief spokesman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Geneva , Switzerland .
" The United Nations has a zero - tolerance policy .
It 's one that UNHCR takes very , very seriously .
In refugee camps , we have implemented very strong reporting mechanisms so that refugees can come forward to report any abuses or alleged abuses . "
In 2003 , U.N. Nepalese troops were accused of sexual abuse while serving in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Six soldiers were jailed .
A year later , two U.N. peacekeepers were repatriated after being accused of abuse in Burundi , and U.N. troops were accused of rape and sexual abuse in Sudan .
Last year , the U.N. launched an investigation into sexual abuse claims in Ivory Coast .
The vast majority of aid workers were not involved in any form of abuse or exploitation but in " life - saving essential humanitarian work , " Save the Children 's Whitbread said .
But humanitarian and peacekeeping agencies working in emergency situations " must own up to the fact that they are vulnerable to this problem and tackle it head on , " she said .
The aid agency said it had fired three workers for breaching its codes and called on others to do the same .
The three men were dismissed in the past year for having had sex with girls aged 17 , which the charity said is not illegal but is cause for loss of employment .
Other UK charities said they supported Save the Children 's call for a global watchdog .
" Oxfam takes a zero - tolerance approach to sexual misconduct by its aid workers .
All our staff across the world are held accountable by a robust code of conduct , " said Jane Cocking , Oxfam charity 's humanitarian director .
" We support Save the Children 's calls for a global watchdog .
We will do all we can to stamp out this intolerable abuse . "
All About Haiti • Sudan • United Nations • Save the Children
Quotations Index | Speeches Index | Poetry Index
Henry Ford ( July 30 , 1863 - April 7 , 1947 ) was the American founder of the Ford Motor Company and father of modern assembly lines used in mass production .
His introduction of the Model T automobile revolutionized transportation and American industry .
He was a prolific inventor and was awarded 161 U.S. patents .
As owner of the Ford Company he became one of the richest and best - known people in the world .
He is credited with " Fordism " , that is , the mass production of large numbers of inexpensive automobiles using the assembly line , coupled with high wages for his workers .
Ford left most of his vast wealth to the Ford Foundation but arranged for his family to control the company permanently .
( Source : Wikipedia )
A bore is a person who opens his mouth and puts his feats in it .
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits .
They will be embarrassingly large .
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business .
A market is never saturated with a good product , but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one .
An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous .
Any colour - so long as it's black .
Anyone who stops learning is old , whether at twenty or eighty .
Anyone who keeps learning stays young .
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young .
As we advance in life we learn the limits of our abilities .
Asking " who ought to be the boss " is like asking " who ought to be the tenor in the quartet ? "
Obviously , the man who can sing tenor .
Before everything else , getting ready is the secret of success .
Business is never so healthy as when , like a chicken , it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets .
Capital punishment is as fundamentally wrong as a cure for crime as charity is wrong as a cure for poverty .
Chop your own wood , and it will warm you twice .
Coming together is a beginning ; keeping together is progress ; working together is success .
Competition is the keen cutting edge of business , always shaving away at costs .
Do n't find fault , find a remedy .
Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes shine to the stars .
Enthusiasm is the sparkle in your eyes , the swing in your gait .
The grip of your hand , the irresistible surge of will and energy to execute your ideas .
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement .
Exercise is bunk .
If you are healthy , you do n't need it : if you are sick you should not take it .
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again , this time more intelligently .
History is more or less bunk .
I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can't be done .
I believe God is managing affairs and that He does n't need any advice from me .
With God in charge , I believe everything will work out for the best in the end .
So what is there to worry about .
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business .
He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night .
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it .
The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge , experience , and ability .
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing , you 're right .
It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste .
It is not the employer who pays the wages .
Employers only handle the money .
It is the customer who pays the wages .
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system , for if they did , I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning .
Life is a series of experiences , each one of which makes us bigger , even though sometimes it is hard to realize this .
For the world was built to develop character , and we must learn that the setbacks and grieves which we endure help us in our marching onward .
Money does n't change men , it merely unmasks them .
If a man is naturally selfish or arrogant or greedy , the money brings that out , that 's all .
Money is like an arm or leg - use it or lose it .
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me .
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs .
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal .
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes , one of his great surprises , is to find he can do what he was afraid he could n't do .
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking .
Speculation is only a word covering the making of money out of the manipulation of prices , instead of supplying goods and services .
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all , but goes on making his own business better all the time .
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young .
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar , instead of how little he can give for a dollar , is bound to succeed .
The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge , experience and ability .
The question " Who ought to be boss ? " is like as " Who ought to be the tenor in the quartet ? "
Obviously , the man who can sing tenor .
There are two fools in this world .
One is the millionaire who thinks that by hoarding money he can somehow accumulate real power , and the other is the penniless reformer who thinks that if only he can take the money from one class and give it to another , all the world 's ills will be cured .
There is joy in work .
There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something .
There is one rule for the industrialist and that is :
Make the best quality of goods possible at the lowest cost possible , paying the highest wages possible .
Thinking is the hardest work there is , which is probably the reason why so few engage in it .
Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving .
We do n't want tradition .
We want to live in the present and the only history that is worth a tinker 's dam is the history we make today .
Wealth , like happiness , is never attained when sought after directly .
It comes as a by - product of providing a useful service .
When everything seems to be going against you , remember that the airplane takes off against the wind , not with it .
Whether you believe you can do a thing or not , you are right .
Whether you think that you can , or that you can't , you are usually right .
Women do not win formula one races , because they simply are not strong enough to resist the G - forces .
In the boardroom , it is different .
I believe women are better able to marshal their thoughts than men and because they are less egotistical they make fewer assumptions .
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do .
Distribution centers open throughout Houston Highway flooding makes mess ; one in four customers now have power
Ellie Cox carries her 6 - month - old daughter , Jazya , as an unidentified California National Guardsman helps them to a helicopter Saturday in Galveston .
Guard personnel were evacuating people off the island to Texas City High School .
less Ellie Cox carries her 6 - month - old daughter , Jazya , as an unidentified California National Guardsman helps them to a helicopter Saturday in Galveston .
Guard personnel were evacuating people off the island to ... more Photo : MELISSA PHILLIP , CHRONICLE Photo : MELISSA PHILLIP , CHRONICLE Image 1 of / 6 Caption Close Distribution centers open throughout Houston 1 / 6 Back to Gallery
Distribution centers have been opened throughout the greater Houston area to provide residents with needed food , water and other supplies that have been scarce after Hurricane Ike pounded the Texas coast and knocked out power and access to clean drinking water for at least 5 million people in the region .
The " points of distribution , " which opened later than expected due to a bureaucratic snafu , according to federal and local officials , will be at the Harvest Time Church at 17770 Imperial Valley in Greenspoint ; Baker 6th Grade Campus , 9800 Spencer Highway in LaPorte ; the PAL gym at 2910 E. Southmore in Pasadena ; Klein 's Grocery on FM 2920 at Buvinghausen in Tomball ; and 4100 Decker Drive in Baytown .
The centers will be open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Friday .
Officials said 10 more would open tomorrow morning .
The availability of federal aid in Houston was one of a few positive developments as people in the area continued to recover from the toll of death and suffering wrought by the destruction of the hurricane .
Roughly one out of four people in Houston and surrounding areas now have electricity .
Both airports were expected to reopen Monday with limited service , fleets of trucks carted off heaps of debris all over the city , gas stations and retail outlets reopened and and flooding that blocked many major thoroughfares receded this evening .
Gas stations and retail outlets opened up to long lines .
But reports of deaths and damage in some of the region 's most prized areas continued to pour in .
So far , 21 people in nine states have been reported dead either from the storm or its aftermath , and officials feared the number would climb .
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff alluded to the grim task of rescue workers who had fanned out across Galveston and other low - lying areas that had been devastated by flooding .
About 2,000 rescues had been made over the weekend , an extraordinary number that still fell far short of the estimated 140,000 people under mandatory evacuation that did not leave their homes .
" As we get into areas where there may have been a lot of damage , there may be some unpleasant surprises we may find , " he said .
Major damage to NASA 's Johnson Space Center , which employs 16,500 people , delayed its reopening for at least a week , according to a spokesman .
Mission Control Center , which watches over the international space station and its three - man American and Russian crew , received roof damage and had to be reestablished in Austin with help from controllers in Huntsville , Ala .
" A tough storm "
Houston and the soggy , wind - ravaged communities all the way to western Louisiana remain in a state of crisis after Hurricane Ike battered the area with a towering storm surge and fearsome winds .
" This is a tough storm and it's one that 's going to require time for people to recover , " said President Bush , who plans to visit the area Tuesday .
" Our first priority is search and rescue .
It 's very important for citizens , who I know are anxious to get home , to take your time and listen take advice of the local folks . "
As many as 13 have been reported dead in some of the hardest - hit areas as well as places as far - ranging as Dallas and Louisiana , either as a direct result of Ike or from complications stemming from storm preparations , evacuations or living without power .
Utility companies ramped up their work forces and restored power to hundreds of thousands of customers , but a vast majority still remained in the dark and without air conditioning in 90 - degree heat .
Mayor Bill
White and other officials called on the federal government to make restoring power " a national priority . "
Meanwhile , recovery efforts became severely complicated as water built up anew on numerous thoroughfares that had flooded and drained after Ike passed through .
Rain continued to pour for much of the day as a cold front mixed with the trail of moisture from the hurricane .
Ignoring warnings from a bevy of public officials , people took to those flooded streets , prompted either by a desire to return home or an attempt to flee for more comfortable environs .
Traffic bogged down all over the region and some , unable to turn around , abandoned their vehicles on the highways .
Lines stretched for hours both for gas and stores .
Areas still not ready for inhabitants , curfews established
White today again admonished coastal residents who fled Ike not to return to their homes until leaders of their communities say it 's OK .
Houston police , who made more than 30 looting arrests at pawn shops , convenience stores and auto parts stores , went so far as to establish a nightly curfew citywide beginning at 9 p.m .
It would remain in effect through 6 a.m. each night through Saturday morning , Police Chief Harold Hurtt said .
" Most of the lights are still out , traffic signals are still not working , debris is in the streets and it's dark in the community , " Hurtt said .
The message in the city was as plain as blinking lights on a highway signboard could make it : " Do not travel to Houston or Beaumont . "
Galveston officials were equally blunt .
No one but emergency personnel engaged in the state 's largest search - and - rescue mission were being allowed on the island .
" Galveston has been hit hard , " Mayor Lyda Ann Thomas said .
" We have no power .
We have no gas .
We have no communications .
We 're not sure when any of that will be up and running .
We want our citizens to stay where they are .
Do not come back to Galveston .
You can not live here right now . "
Officials there readied buses to move at least 2,000 people to San Antonio .
All are residents who had decided to stay behind , said City Manager Steve LeBlanc .
A curfew in place was extended from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. , and violators were threatened with arrest and up to a $ 2,000 fine .
LeBlanc said there were three deaths on the island but would not offer details .
Only one was identified .
George H. Helmond Jr. of the 1900 block of Sydnor Lane , attempted to flee late Friday ; he was found dead in his pickup on Sydnor near 99th Street .
Some power restored
Although the area 's main electric company had succeeded in restoring power to 380,000 of its 2.1 million customers late Sunday , more than 4 million people were left in the dark .
Tens of thousands of utility workers poured in from all over the country to fix damaged infrastructure and electric lines .
Downtown Houston and the Texas Medical Center were among the only areas that did not lose power .
The Galleria , which had electricity today , also became a destination for many who sought to escape the sweltering heat .
CenterPoint Energy spokesman Floyd LeBlanc today said that , while crews are working throughout the service area , they are succeeding best in restoring power to western areas such as Sealy , Katy and Fort Bend County .
Other areas are proving more problematic .
Central areas were hit hard and eastern and southern areas were hit extremely hard , LeBlanc said .
In some cases , crews have to hack their way through downed trees blocking streets just to get to the utility poles .
Entergy Texas reports that more than 150 major transmission lines were damaged , including several toppled towers along rights - of - way .
Most of those problems took place north and east of Houston , including The Woodlands , Splendora , Conroe and Liberty , according to company spokesman David Caplan .
The company 's 395,000 customers are largely without power and company officials warn it could take longer than three weeks to restore electricity where extreme transmission damage has occurred .
Texas - New Mexico Power Co. said it has restored power to 10,000 customers in Galveston County and 7,000 in Brazoria County .
Streets flooded from cold front , some drivers stranded
Floodwater from unexpectedly high amounts of rainfall added a dreary element to recovery efforts .
Rain fell throughout the day , and a variety of flood watches and warnings were in effect for southeast Texas .
The trigger is a cool front that is mixing with the trail of moisture the hurricane brought in .
High temperatures were expected to approach 90 degrees , but the front was expected to drop temperatures into the upper 60s overnight .
The remnants of Ike now downgraded to a tropical depression moved northeast , bringing heavy rainfall , flooding and power outages in Kansas , Missouri and Illinois .
Interstate 45 South closed in both directions between Loop 610 and Beltway 8 and large sections of Interstate 10 were impassable because of high water .
Some drivers were stranded , unable to turn around on freeways or take to frontage roads due to flooding .
Many left their vehicles in the road , while others milled about , talking and swapping hurricane war stories .
Late tonight , many of the waters had receded , but local officials continued to urge people to stay home and be patient .
Mayor
White warned that many gasoline stations still lack power and cannot dispense fuel .
Where gasoline is available , lines of idling autos and fuming motorists in some cases stretch for blocks and police had to manage the traffic and tempers .
Rescues proceed , but damage in the billions
Local heavy rains were n't stopping convoys of buses and heavy - duty vehicles from lining up outside the staging area at Tully Stadium in west Houston before dawn , preparing to head out to hard - hit areas .
At midmorning today , a caravan of at least 50 military trucks carrying heavy equipment lumbered down Washington Avenue .
Public works crews were in downtown Houston cleaning up uprooted trees and jagged window shards left by Ike .
Still , the latest deluge complicated the recovery effort after Ike , whose toll in property and life was still coming into focus today .
RMS , a company that estimates insured damage for companies , put the initial estimate in a wide $ 6 billion - to - $ 16 billion range .
That does n't count flood damage or uninsured losses , which certainly will amount to billions more .
Energy companies were also hit hard by the storm , although federal officials said it was too soon to know how much damage they sustained .
As many as 10 oil platforms out of 3,800 in the gulf were destroyed , a fraction of what Hurricane Katrina knocked out , but the harm was enough to prompt some to seek federal help .
Citgo Petroleum has asked the Strategic Petroleum Reserve for 1 million barrels of crude at its Lake Charles , La. Refinery because crude delivery has been curtailed by closures of the Sabine Pass and Calcasieu Ship Channel waterways after Gustav and Ike .
Shell said some of its refineries and chemical plants are operating at limited capacity while others are awaiting power restoration .
Death toll rises
So far , 21 deaths in nine states have been attributed directly and indirectly to Ike , but that number was expected to rise as officials continued massive search and rescue efforts in areas that were inundated or pummeled by high winds .
Many lost their lives in accidents before and after the storm .
A woman was killed by a fire believed to have been started by a candle at her northeast Houston home Saturday night .
The Houston Fire Department was called to the home on Chapman near Quitman about midnight , but was unable to rescue the unidentified woman , said Assistant Chief Omero Longoria .
The cause of the fire remains under investigation .
Additionally , a 4 - year - old boy died Saturday from carbon monoxide poisoning caused by his family 's generator , which was inside their north Houston home .
An adult and three other children are being treated for carbon monoxide poisoning .
In Harris County , a driver swerving to avoid a fallen tree in the 1200 block of Ashland Road died about 1 a.m. when his auto ran into a ditch , hit a mailbox , became airborne , struck a concrete parking block and overturned .
The victim was ejected from the car and died at the scene .
The Associated Press and Chronicle reporters Roma Khanna , Kristen Hays , Eric Berger , Lynn Cook and Harvey Rice contributed to this report .
Sarah Speaks !
Gov. Sarah Palin , the Republican vice presidential nominee , has agreed to a television interview , with ABC News .
The pending interview was first reported by The Associated Press and has been confirmed by the campaign of Senator John McCain , the Republican presidential nominee .
An ABC executive , who also confirmed the interview , said that the network would announce it shortly .
The executive also said that the date and time that it would air were still being worked out .
ABC ’s Charlie Gibson is scheduled to interview Ms. Palin in Alaska sometime later this week .
The McCain camp did not say why it chose Mr. Gibson , but it had selected him last week as the only major journalist to interview Mr. McCain himself during the Republican convention in St. Paul .
After his interview with Mr. McCain had aired , Mr. Gibson posted on his blog that he had “ fretted ” about how to approach the many personal issues that had come up about Ms. Palin and decided to ignore them .
“ The major development in his campaign obviously is his surprise choice of Sarah Palin , ” Mr. Gibson wrote .
“ It took some time in thinking about it , but I finally decided not to even bring up the issues with her family , for they are issues of family and should remain so .
Once you know about her daughter ’s pregnancy , once you know about her husband ’s political interest in the Alaskan Independence Party , once you know about special nature of their latest child , I think that ’s enough .
“ The relevant questions about Governor Palin , the questions that go to her suitability to serve as vice president , all relate to her experience , or lack thereof , and her policy positions as a mayor and governor in Alaska .
Once I decided to restrict the Palin questions to those areas , the interview kind of formed itself , ” Mr. Gibson wrote .
Pressure has been mounting from news organizations for interviews with the vice presidential nominee since Mr. McCain announced that he had picked her as his running mate on Aug. 29 .
But the McCain campaign has been keeping her away from reporters .
Mr. McCain , who appeared on CBS ’ “ Face the Nation ” today , said he expected Ms. Palin would start doing interviews “ in the next few days . ”
His campaign manager , Rick Davis , who spoke on “ Fox News Sunday , ” said the campaign would make her available on its own schedule .
“ She ’s not scared to answer questions , ” Mr. Davis said .
“ But you know what ?
We run our campaign , not the news media .
And we ’ll do things on our timetable . ”
He added : “ Why would we want to throw Sarah Palin into a cycle of piranhas called the news media that have nothing better to ask questions about than her personal life and her children ?
So until at which point in time we feel like the news media is going to treat her with some level of respect and deference , I think it would be foolhardy to put her out into that kind of environment . ”
Your First F# Function
F# functions are weird .
OK , that ’s the C# programmer in me speaking .
I ’m going to make a point of writing up F# fundamentals over the next month to ( a ) help me understand what ’s going on ; and ( b ) to help you , the Searcher Brought By The Google , to understand if you search for something like “ first f# function ” .
So : function declarations .
You can do them several ways .
First , the direct way :
let sqr x = x * x ; ;
This declares a function sqr that takes a single parameter x , and returns the square .
Simple ?
Maybe .
There ’s a lot going on .
Functions are declared the same way that normal variables are , using the let statement .
You do n’t need to declare types .
F# will infer the types for you .
In this case , it will assume x is an integer value , since you ’re multiplying it in the body of the function .
Further , there are alternate ways to declare the same function .
Here ’s one , from F# for Scientists , by Dr. Jon D. Harrop ( p. 13 ) :
let sqr = fun x -> x * x ; ;
This one says , assign the sqr variable to an anonymous function that takes a single parameter x and returns the square of x .
This shows even more clearly that functions are first - class citizens in F# .
How about this one ?
let sqr = function
| x -> x * x ; ;
This uses F# ’s pattern - matching syntax .
So , there are several ways to skin that particular cat .
Which one is best ?
F# seems to encourage terseness , so I would keep that in mind .
The NRA , through the reported hiring of at least one spy to infiltrate gun-control groups , has shown an important aspect of who they are as an organization .
Their action is relevant to anti-rape activism because the organizations they oppose want to reduce violent crime .
Infiltrating covertly in people 's efforts to reduce crime is a conscious decision to sabotage crime reduction efforts .
If the NRA as an organization believes that the efforts of other groups are ineffective or unconstitutional , they need to be ethical in all of their dealings with those organizations .
If they are on the right side on the law and the issues , they do n't need to resort to espionage .
Once a group participates in espionage , they have lost all right to complain about or seek redress for any covert efforts directed against them .
By their participation in espionage , they have given espionage the green light for all .
Groups who are not classified as gun-control groups but who want to change policies and laws related to guns , such as preventing those convicted of sexual or domestic violence from getting gun permits , may also find themselves on the receiving end of this sort of espionage .
According to Mother Jones , [ Mary ]
Sapone , operating under her maiden name " McFate , " began appearing at anti-gun protests in the 1990s soon after she had been outed in another case of activist espionage .
In 1990 it was revealed that she infiltrated an animal - rights group on behalf of a surgical supply company .
Sapone served on the boards of the Freedom States Alliance and Ceasefire Pennsylvania , and twice ran for a board position at the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , ABC News confirmed .
The magazine closely connects her to the now - defunct private security firm Beckett Brown International , which earned a reputation for hiring former U.S. intelligence agents and which has been linked to several cases of spying on activist groups , including Greenpeace .
In a 2003 deposition , BBI 's former president Tim Ward testified that he hired Sapone to work on behalf of the National Rifle Association , according to Mother Jones .
Besides gathering information , this woman 's service on the boards of several organization indicates that she could have sabotaged their efforts .
One way a spy could do this is by advocating for gun-control laws purposely drafted in such a way as make them in violation of the constitution or which would allow organizations like the NRA to successfully get an injunction preventing the laws from being enforced .
If a spy 's efforts result in legal challenges then the espionage directly costs those infiltrated organizations money .
This cost is a deliberate harm which has been caused by the organization who paid for the spy .
Therefore , the spying organization should be legally responsibility for these costs and all non-financial harm done to the infiltrated organization by the spy .
That responsibility should include punitive damages .
It does n't matter if the spying organization can't be directly linked to all harmful actions taken by their spy .
The nature of this type of espionage is to harm the other organization so any overzealous harm is a predictable result of the espionage mission .
Technorati tags : rape crime politics sexual violence sexual assault feminism
Labels : legal
Islam :
How much do you know ?
How much do you know about Islam ?
Try our quiz to find out how you score .
Choose an answer for each question and then click results at the bottom of the page .
Good luck !
Which of the following is true ?
A : Islam is the worlds largest religion
B : Islam is the worlds second largest religion
C : Islam is the worlds third largest religion
Where did Islam begin ?
A : In modern - day Jerusalem
B : In modern - day Saudi Arabia
C : In modern - day Egypt
What does it take to convert to a Muslim ?
A : You cant readily .
You are either born into the faith or , in limited circumstances , become a Muslim by marriage .
B : Personal study and preparation during one Islamic year , mentored by two practising Muslims and a sponsoring Imam
C : Making the declaration of faith , in Arabic and before witnesses :  There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is his messenger 
Muslims are expected to put their faith into action through the five pillars of Islam .
One of them , Zakat , is : A : The obligation to give annually to charity
B : The obligation to seek potential converts
C : The obligation to learn the Koran by heart
Which of the following statements is false : A : An Imam is the quasi-political leader whose decisions are acted upon by followers
B : Jihad describes the experience of Muslims struggling  to live out their faith as well as they possibly can .
C : A Fatwa is the legal opinion put forward by an Islamic scholar
What is Islams attitude towards divorce ?
A : Divorce is not acceptable
B : Men can divorce wives but not vice versa
C : Divorce by either party is acceptable
Which of these African countries does not have a Muslim majority population ?
A : Nigeria
B : Ethiopia
C : Chad
Put these three religions in the correct order , largest first , as they are predicted to be in the USA by 2010 : A : Christianity , Islam , Judaism
B : Christianity , Judaism , Islam
C : Islam , Christianity , Judaism
Sunni is to Shia as A : Catholic is to Protestant
B : Christianity is to Judaism
C : Sikhism is to Hinduism
Which of the following does not describe Islams opinion of Christianity and Judaism ?
A : Christians and Jews should be respected as people of the book 
B : Islam is the final message of God to humanity , building upon and superceding Judaism and Christianity .
C : Both of them are wholly wrong and should be dismissed out of hand for believing in false prophets .
Press the button and see how you have done
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A pig has turned on a woman who tried to look after it , effectively holding her hostage on a property in northern New South Wales .
Sixty - three - year - old Caroline Hayes says she has been unable to leave her Uki house to use the farm 's outdoor toilet at times because the white pig is aggressive towards her .
Ms Hayes says the animal came from a home two kilometres away , but its owners could not handle it and let it loose in the rainforest .
She says she and her neighbours began feeding the pig , who they named ' Bruce ' , after it first showed up at their homes 10 days ago .
" When I found it , it had 15 ticks in its eyes which I actually took out , " she said .
" One of its eyes it could n't see out of , so I put cream in it and I fixed its back up , but apparently it 's actually claimed my land and claimed my place . "
Ms Hayes says the pig became aggressive when it wanted more food , recently biting her on the leg when she tried to go to the toilet .
" It started getting very pushy , started pushing me around , so I started to get a bit frightened , until the stage that it started knocking on my door at 4 o'clock in the morning , actually head - butting my door , " she said .
She says she locked herself into her house yesterday afternoon and was too afraid to get out until late this morning .
" This morning , I wanted to go to my toilet , which is outside .
I opened up the door and the pig pushed me that hard , it pushed me back into my room , where I fell over , " she said .
" I picked up a broom and poked him out with it and he snapped it in half with his mouth . "
Even rangers from Murwillumbah Council have failed to capture the animal , which Ms Hayes claimed was as big as a shetland pony .
" The rangers came out to my house yesterday with a dog cage and this pig is that big , it 's like trying to put an elephant in a dog cage , " Ms Hayes said .
" They tried for a little while and they could n't do it .
They got him halfway in and he just backed off and went back to my dam , where he was having a lovely time in the water . "
She says Bruce is also causing mayhem in her yard .
" He 's pulled a big king - size mattress out of my garage and he 's ripped it up all around the yard , " she said .
" And then he 's come up again and I 've got a mat outside my door , which he 's actually rolled up .
" [ He ] put his nose underneath it and actually rolled it up into a perfect roll . "
Rangers will try to capture the pig today but Ms Hayes says she does not want to know what they plan to do with it .
" I have n't stopped crying because I 'm a major animal lover and a vegetarian , " she said .
If John McCain wanted
Joe Lieberman
or
Tom Ridge
for VP , he should have selected one of them .
I really do n't care what the GOP stalwarts say .
McCain is the head of the party and he should have gotten his pick .
And if party regulars do n't like it , too bad .
Instead , McCain threw in a rushed selection of Sarah Palin , who while gutsy , appears to carry more baggage than a bellman at the Waldorf .
She could be toast by the end of the week , killing a political career that could have soared if proper time and preparation had been devoted to readying her for the national stage .
But she was just thrown out there and the media has done its job .
She may well be an American original , but the drip - drip - drip of details about her personal and professional life will soon enough make it impossible to go on .
And if this is any indication of what sort of president John McCain would be , we 're better off without him .
But today 's thing to think about is : should a mom of five , one of them special needs and another one pregnant , try to aspire to the second highest job in the land ?
We 'd never ask this of a man , and no one seems to be putting Todd Palin forth as a modern Mr. Mom .
But should Sarah Palin simply have said " No " ?
If she truly is the maverick she claims to be , for the sake of her family , the sad answer is " Yes " .
So , I 've admitted this here before : I 've never gotten around to seeing Star Wars .
And , to be honest , I do n't really like cantaloupe .
But with a knife , a cantaloupe , and five minutes , you can have your very own planet - killing super weapon that even I could get into .
Clever .
In light of the most recent glitch on the Hubble SpaceTelescope , a serious equipment failure that means the observatory is unable tosend data back to Earth , some are beginning to wonder , is Hubble still worthsaving ?
The answer , according to many scientists , is yes .
The failure of a device called the Side AScience Data Formatter , used to send images and other data from Hubble backto Earth , is a problem , but likely one that can be fixed .
The glitch wasannounced Monday by NASA .
Engineers now plan to switch the observatory over toa spare " Side B " part currently on board , and perhaps send up areplacement device on the next space shuttle servicing mission , which had beenscheduled for October but now hasbeen delayed to early next year .
Glitches happen
Though it may sound like one setback too many for the agingobservatory , scientists say Hubble still has a lot of life in it yet .
" Of course it 's worth upgrading Hubble , " saidMario Livio , an astrophysicist at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore , Md. " The part that failed even has as redundant side to it .
If all goeswell , science operations could be up as early as the end of this week .
So youshould n?t worry about that .
It 's definitely not the end of the world . "
The now - broken electronics box had been working steadilysince the telescope launched in April 1990 .
" These things happen .
It 's been up there in orbit , outside the protective atmosphere of the Earth for 18 years , " said HeidiHammel , an astronomer at the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Co . " Glitches happen .
It 's an incredibly robust instrument .
Think about your computers ?
you don?t still use computers that are 18 years old . "
Maybe we should give the old scope a break and forgive its failingsnow and then , since it has served us so well for so long , scientists say .
In fact , rather than be discouraged by the glitch , some arecelebrating the fact that it occurred now , right before a planned upgrademission .
If the malfunction had occurred after the shuttlemission to Hubble , then operations could still be switched over to theredundant part onboard , but that would leave the telescope without a backup ifthat part failed again , or if the spare part did n't work at all .
Now , though , scientists have the option of sending up a new device to replace the brokenone , leaving the telescope in a less vulnerable position .
" It 's probably better it failed now than the week afterthe servicing mission was done , but it does frustrate all of us that werelooking forward to a mission two weeks from now , " Hammel said in a phoneinterview .
" But I 'd rather we ?d waited and did it right . "
Worth the money ?
The failure is not just costing more time , but also moremoney .
For every month NASA delays the shuttle servicing mission , Hubble 's costjumps by $ 10 million to keep ground systems running and a team in place .
Buttelescope team members argue that the bloat to Hubble 's price tag is nowhereclose to pushing it over the edge of costing more than it 's worth .
" I don ?t see this failure as putting us over the fenceand causing NASA to want to throw up its hands and say , ' Hey , all the hundredsof millions of dollars we 've spent on the hardware and readiness for thismission , we 're just gonna chuck it , you know , this is just a little too muchfor us , ' " Preston Burch , Hubble manager at NASA 's Goddard Space FlightCenter in Greenbelt , Md. , told reporters at a Monday teleconference .
" We 'vegot a lot of options here .
I don?t see [ NASA officials ]
Ed Weiler and MikeGriffin or myself throwing in the towel because we 've got to spend a few moretens of millions to pull thismission off .
You know , I think we ?re definitely going after this . "
Since all of the instruments planned to be installed duringthe servicing mission have already been built , and most of the training andpreparations for the upgrade made , calling it off now would be a waste , manyargue .
" We 've got these new instruments that are ready to go , they 'redown there ready to fly , " Hammel said .
" I think it 's absolutelyworthwhile . "
The engine still works
But some critics have questioned the wisdom of investing inkeeping the aging Hubble going , when we could be spending money to build abrand new telescope to replace it .
Hubble has cost a total of about $ 10 billion over itslifetime , including its past servicing missions , estimated Ed Weiler , associateadministrator of the Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters inWashington , D.C. Its initial cost was about $ 1.6 billion , he said .
Given that the upcoming servicing mission will cost about$ 900 million , it could be seen as a bargain compared to building and launchinga new observatory from scratch .
" The thing about telescopes is that the mirror is themain component , " Hammel said .
" Once that ? s built , you don?t need tobuild new ones , you just need to swap out the instruments .
There 's nothingwrong with Hubble 's mirror .
It 's great . "
She compared a telescope with a working mirror to an old carwith a good engine left .
It makes more sense to swap out tires and otherelements of the car than to simply buy a new one , since the most importantelement still functions fine .
" If at some point , there 's a glitch that is notrecoverable , then you 're done , but as long as the glitches can be solved andrepaired , it 's sort of like an old car ?
you don?t want to let it go when it ' sstill running , " she said .
And the upgrades to Hubble are n't coming at a sacrifice tobuilding new telescopes .
Plans for the JamesWebb Space Telescope are progressing ; the roughly $ 4.5 billion observatoryis currently slated to launch in 2013 .
However , that observatory will work inthe infrared range of light , rather than the visible like Hubble , so James Webbis n't really a replacement for Hubble , but a parallel instrument .
Hubble 's last picture
Ultimately , scientists say the recent glitch does n't darkenHubble 's long - term prospects .
" I have no doubt that that we can service Hubble andmake it into a telescope that will be even better than what Hubble has been sofar , " Livio told SPACE.com .
" So far Hubble has been this amazingtelescope that really changed all ourviews of the universe .
I see the next five years as perhaps being evenbetter than what we 've seen . "
Once the servicing mission has finally been completed , especially if the astronauts are able to install a new Side A Science DataFormatter , Hubble should be in the best shape it 's ever been .
" If we are going to do this final servicing mission andspend the money involved and launch seven astronauts , we thought it would beproper due diligence if we assured that this mission would leave Hubble with agood solid five - or six - or seven - year future , " Weiler said .
And , when the day comes that Hubble finally takes its lastpicture , scientists say they will know the whole endeavor had been worth it , because the telescope has already changed our understanding of the cosmos manytimes .
" The whole Hubble program has just been a fabuloustestament to the NASA science community and the NASA astronaut community , " Hammel said .
" I hope things don ? t go wrong but if they do , we just have toaccept that .
The Hubble program has been so fantastically successful .
It 's morethan what anyone expected . "
A number of rumors about a possible return to in - home iPhone activations have begun to circulate after Apple Store employees reported seeing a new " Home " activation option during the purchasing process .
The news was quickly clarified , and AppleInsider has the details of the actual home pre-qualification program that led to the home activation rumors .
The in - store activation process made our list of iPhone 3G problems in August .
The device still needs to be activated in an Apple Store , and unlocked versions are n't yet available .
The goods news is that the new pre-qualification may simplify the process a bit , at least for some buyers .
When an iPhone purchase occurs , the device appears as full price , but is then discounted by a rebate tied to the buyer 's contract .
Because some buyers may not be eligible for the rebate or may have corporate plans , AT&T is offering a site that will pre-qualify those iPhone buyers .
Besides allowing users to check their rebate eligibility , the site lets people set up the upgrade and shave a few minutes off of the in - store activation process .
Sure , it 's not activation in the comfort of your own living room , and it appears that the functionality is limited to current AT&T customers , but now you 'll have a few more minutes of free time when you go in to buy your new iPhone .
Tim Granlund : Hi !
I am Tim Granlund , the ' aka ' , the ' Six String General ' and today I am going to show you how to live up those rock star fantasies and play the air guitar .
Okay I am going to show you basic techniques , so that you can use to spice things up .
Some acrobatics and how you can work them into routine and make it totally sweet .
How to pick out a song , what kind of song should you be doing .
We are going to talk about costumes and what you should wear .
Competitions both locally and internationally and the history of those .
We are going to wrap it up with a performance .
I will show you how it 's done .
The beauty of air guitar is you do n't need much to get started .
Just your hands , some air , a cool gym to rock out to .
You can use a pick if you want , you can use other props , as long as , you do n't have any prop that you are using as a guitar let 's say a broomstick or a tennis racket , not allowed .
In air guitar I have seen broken ankles , cuts and bruises , even an amputated toe .
If you are not injured chances are you work rocking hard enough .
That being said , do n't kill yourself whether you are jumping off the speaker stack or rocking out behind the wheel of your car .
Be careful .
Now here is my story .
Now on behind the air , we take a look at Tim Granlund , ' the Six String General ' .
An air guitar guy .
Ever since
Tim came out of the womb with a Roger Daltrey screech and his fat little hands waving around an imaginary instrument .
He knew he was put on this earth to fake rock .
The years ahead were rough however trying to find the correct air instrument that best suited his fake musical talents .
These included air pipes , air cello , air jordans , air lounge vibes .
Although he became a master of them all , they could not fill the void at his air heart leading to a downward spiral of air booze and air headed women .
Finally , he found it , air guitar .
Catapulting him to fake rock greatness .
Tim has since competed in air guitar competitions up and down the East coast and has been seen on that BBC world news and AP , as well as , features for The Washington Post , Village Voice , Spin and C - Ville Weekly , and now the ' Six String General ' is about to teach you how to air guitar .
For those about to rock , we salute you .
Here are some papers from ICML 2008 that I found interesting .
I ’d like to add that I thought the conference organization ( and the colocation with COLT and UAI ) are particularly well done , the best I ’ve seen .
The key seems to be tight integration of the colocating conference programs and hordes of local volunteers making sure everything is working .
I was also happy to see a 10 years award for best paper 10 years ago .
By the numbers , the Piedmont Highlanders should not have won so many football games .
The squad at the Piedmont , Calif. , high school was cobbled together from slim pickings — thanks to an 800 - person student body that 's half the size of the other schools in their division .
But head coach Kurt Bryan and Steve Humphries , the Highlander 's offensive coordinator , invented a secret weapon to keep them competitive : the A - 11 offense .
View Slide
Show of the plays .
Last year , Piedmont won a surprising seven of their 11 games before losing in the play - offs — an improvement over winning five and losing five in 2005 and tallying six wins and suffering five losses in 2006 .
Humphries predicts that without the installment of A - 11 , they would have gone four and six in the win–loss column in 2007 .
A - 11 puts the quarterback in the shotgun formation — seven yards behind the line of scrimmage — and replaces linemen with receivers .
What does all this mean ?
Essentially , the scheme makes all 11 members of the team potential , eligible receivers .
This year , they 're upping the ante : in 2007 they ran A - 11 plays 60 percent of the time ; next year , it will make up 85 percent .
" We expect to go 8 - 2 this year and get deeper into the playoffs , " Humphries says .
Using a standard formation , a team can throw to five out of six players — wide receivers , tight ends , running backs and the quarterback .
A - 11 changes the odds of a play going to a particular team member from five out of six to five out of 11 .
The strategy even allows for two , three or four quarterbacks on the field .
In a standard formation with five fixed linemen , a play can unfold with 36 different scenarios for who receives the snap and who ends up with the ball — including a quarterback sneak .
In the A - 11 offense , because the receivers and linemen ( and even quarterbacks ) are interchangeable , the number of different possibilities for what can happen on a given play skyrockets to 16,632 .
When the Highlanders went up against division leader , the undefeated Las Lomas High School Knights , Humphries believes " they should 've wiped us off the map 100 to nothing . "
But with seven minutes left in the fourth quarter , Piedmont had the ball and was only 14 points behind .
The Highlanders did n't win .
But they got closer than they would have with conventional plays .
" Football is so conservative , " Humphries adds .
" There 's not a lot of strategy if you 're just smashing 300 - pound guys together in predictable ways .
A - 11 filters that out so everyone is active and nimble — like soccer . "
There 's more than just speed and quickness to A - 11 , say some game theorists .
" Anything that adds permutations , but also adds mystery about pattern makes this more complicated to decipher , " says John Lindhe , a mathematician at Northeastern University in Boston who has blogged about A - 11 .
" Football has all these [ gimmick ] plays — Statue of Liberty , hook and ladder — that are seldom seen because they 're very decipherable . "
But , because A - 11 has so many options , it 's harder for would - be tacklers to figure out what is going to happen on a particular play .
The guessing game that A - 11 causes is the key to any successful gridiron strategy .
" What we 're seeing here — and I think this is great — is amping up the noise to hide the signal of what 's going on exactly , " says Ian Ayres , a game theorist and economist at Yale University .
" Randomization is key to any real sustainable victory .
It is the only way to prevent the opposition from developing a statistically sound response to your behavior .
If an opposing team can study previous games and determine what you are likely to run in certain situations , they can be better prepared to stop you .
" If you are making random choices , it 's harder to respond , " Ayres explains .
" A - 11 offers a kind of controlled randomness . "
The closer a team gets to total randomness , says Ayres , the harder they are to beat .
" Any coach would be much better off using a cheap [ Microsoft ] Excel random number generator to make their decisions . "
View Slide
Show of the plays .
Japanese manufacturer
Prop is now selling wearable airbags for old folks and people who just can't stand for long .
Its newly announced personal , wearable airbag looks like a cool fanny - pack and weighs a mere 1.1 kilograms ( 2.4 pounds ) -- but springs forth in one - tenth of a second when sensors detect you 're headed for the floor , protecting your head and ass with two inflated bags that contain 3.9 gallons of gas each .
Unfortunately , safety comes at a price .
And that price is $ 1,400 .
Are grandma 's delicate bones worth the cost ?
Hint : Duct tape and pillows .
Wearable airbags keep the elderly from hitting the ground so hard [ engadget ]
Thanks to Julian and Ross , who both threw themselves down the stairs wearing bubblewrap jackets and lived to tell about it .
( CNN ) --
The United States has backed Ukraine 's bid for NATO membership a day after similarly supporting Georgia , in a move which may further stoke tensions with Russia .
Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko , left , welcomes U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney in Kiev on Friday .
U.S. Vice - President Dick Cheney met with Ukraine 's pro-Western president Victor Yushchenko in the capital of Kiev on Friday , the third stop of a tour that has already taken him to two other former Soviet republics -- Georgia and Azerbaijan .
The meeting came on the same day as the United States ' top warship arrived in the Georgian port of Poti to deliver humanitarian supplies , fueling Russia 's fears that its superpower rival is making its presence felt in the Baltic region .
Russia said the vessel 's technical characteristics raised questions about whether it should be allowed into the area , Russian news agency Interfax reported .
Russia is unhappy that its former states are seeking to join the 26 - nation NATO defense alliance , and last month 's conflict with Georgia over two disputed territories was seen by many as an attempt to assert its power .
Cheney repeated the statement he made a day earlier that Russia 's military actions in Georgia last month cast " grave doubts " on Moscow 's intentions and reliability as an international partner .
The vice - president commended Yushchenko's trip to Georgia soon after the conflict broke out in early August and delivered a message to Ukraine from President Bush .
" The United States has a deep and abiding interest in your well - being and your security , " Cheney said .
" Ukrainians have a right to choose whether they wish to join NATO .
And NATO has a right to invite Ukraine to join the alliance when we believe that you are ready and that the time is right .
No outside country gets a veto . "
The USS Mount Whitney is the third American naval ship to deliver supplies to Georgia .
The U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Dallas and the USS McFaul delivered more than 230,000 pounds of aid to the port of Batumi , south of Poti , when they arrived in recent weeks , the Navy said .
The Mount Whitney is the command ship for the Sixth Fleet of the U.S. Navy , which calls it the most sophisticated vessel of its kind ever commissioned .
It will also coordinate the work of a group of NATO ships currently in the Black Sea , Interfax reported .
Russia 's foreign ministry said it would not respond militarily to the strengthening of the NATO group in the Black Sea , but may raise the issue with the United Nations , Interfax said .
Cheney is the highest - level U.S. official to visit Georgia since the crisis with Russia , which saw Russian troops take strategic positions in the breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Watch Cheney in Georgia »
His brief visit to Georgia 's capital of Tbilisi on Thursday followed Wednesday 's announcement by the United States of a $ 1 billion aid package to help with humanitarian aid and reconstruction after the conflict .
The aid package is on top of $ 30 million in humanitarian assistance which Cheney said the United States had already given to Georgia .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has said the Georgia aid package is intended for humanitarian aid and reconstruction -- not to rebuild the Georgian armed forces that the Russians rolled over in early August .
Russian leaders have raised questions about U.S. intentions about providing Georgia with arms .
" It is not yet time to look at the question of assistance on the military side , " she said .
Rice said the biggest share of the aid , $ 570 million , is to be sent over the next five months .
The remaining $ 430 million will be up to the next administration .
All About Republic of Georgia • United States • Russia • International Relations
A SETTLER RABBI FOR OBAMA ?
A NEW PERSPECTIVE ON THE MIDDLE EAST CONFLICT
Rabbi Menachem Frohman , one of the founders of the settler movement in Israel , a leading religious Zionist and Chief Rabbi of the settlement of Tekoa , has come to believe that Barack Obama is the only hope for Middle East peace .
Here are his startling statements in video and in the form of an open letter to the Senator .
Nothing is as it seems on the frontlines of conflict and peacemaking .
With God ’s Help
To the person who , with God ’s help , will be the next President of the United States of America :
Dear Senator Barack Obama ,
“ May the Lord bless you from Zion , and may you gaze upon the goodness of Jerusalem all the days of your life . ”
This letter from an elder Jewish Rabbi who lives in close proximity to Jerusalem , addressed to the young candidate for President of the United States , may be considered irregular and even reckless .
With that said , the Creator of the Universe , blessed be He , granted us , with His grace , the privilege to live in a reckless world .
Our grandmothers , from all nations and traditions , used to say that miracles are the fingerprints of the Creator in His creation .
The fingers of the Divine hand are outstretched to us in peace .
The American Dream that you speak of , about everyone fulfilling all their opportunities , is the manifestation of realizing God ’s ability to make miracles for everyone in the world .
It is a fact that miracles happen in the world .
To attest to that is this very letter that is being sent from a Rabbi , living in proximity to Jerusalem , to the candidate for President in order to discuss the question :
Can the greatest miracle of all take place ; can Barack Obama be elected President in less than two months time ?
This letter comes to let you know that I pray and await this very miracle because we need change .
Jerusalem awaits Barack Obama .
The Holy land awaits Barack Obama .
The Middle East awaits Barack Obama .
The whole world awaits Barack Obama .
Your being elected will be God ’s outstretched hand for peace .
Not only America says ‘ Enough ’ along with you , the entire world says ‘ Enough ’ .
Not only the American soldiers in Iraq say ‘ Enough ’ along with you , but also the Israelis and the Palestinians say ‘ Enough ’ .
No more War !
Also the Middle East needs change and the realization of new opportunities .
Realizing new opportunities in the Middle East is in fact the realization of new opportunities in the United states and around the world .
Peace in Jerusalem and in the Holy Land is the key to peace in Baghdad , Afghanistan and the whole world .
The Israelis and the Palestinians are two small nations , but there is a possibility that they will be the ones to build the bridge between Western Civilization and the Islamic world .
Enough with words and promises about peace in the Middle East , it ’s time for realization .
It is not enough to use new words or make new promises in order to achieve realization , what is needed is depth and seriousness .
I am writing to you in order to reveal to you the depth of my heart .
For me , the concept of God coincides with the concepts of depth and seriousness .
The practical applications of being a believer are to be deep and serious .
In order to be an instrument of God ’s will , one has to be deep and serious .
In order to implement the greatest miracle of all – the revelation of the will of God , God ’s help is needed .
In our world , depth and seriousness are sometimes revealed by wisdom gained by years of experience .
This is the reason that in Hebrew ( and in Arabic ) the Rabbi or the religious leader is called an Elder .
That having been said , the Creator in His grace gave us the privilege to live in a wondrous world that also has other possibilities .
Sometimes , the young gain not only the energy of the youth , but also the blessings of the Elders .
That very blessing of the Elders is what helps the young realize the greatest miracle of all .
What can I do to help realize this great miracle ?
Three weeks ago I initiated the filming of a video , filmed in the Holy Land in which I , as a Rabbi expressed my awaiting Barack Obama in the Holy Land .
If the U.S.A. will choose the deep and serious meaning of the American Vision that will be a message of hope for everyone around the world .
We are waiting because on November 4 there is a new opportunity that everyone in the world in his home , or in his little village will get new opportunities for his life directly from America .
I will continue to pray for the greatest miracle of all .
I believe that the proper words to express my prayer are ‘ Lord , Help me guard against Pride and Despair .
Give me the wisdom to do what is right and just .
And make me an instrument of your will . ’
Sincerely ,
Rabbi Menachem Froman
Chief Rabbi of Tekoa
© Marc Gopin
A dozen special - interest groups urged lawmakers Wednesday to squelch proposed legislation that for the first time would allow the U.S. Justice Department to prosecute civil cases of copyright infringement .
The Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights Act , ( .pdf ) scheduled to be heard in the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday , also creates a Cabinet - level copyright - patent czar charged with creating a worldwide plan to combat piracy .
The czar would " report directly to the president and Congress regarding domestic and international intellectual property enforcement programs . "
The bill , a nearly identical version the House passed last year , is strongly backed by the music and movie industries .
The House and Senate versions encourage federal - state anti-piracy task forces , the training of other countries about IP enforcement and , among other things , institute an FBI piracy unit .
In a letter to the Judiciary Committee , the groups said granting the Justice Department the power to file civil lawsuits on behalf of Hollywood and others is " an enormous gift " to copyright holders .
" Movie and television producers , software publishers , music publishers , and print publishers all have their own enforcement programs , " the letter ( . pdf ) said .
" There is absolutely no reason for the federal government to assume this private enforcement role . "
The dozen groups include American Association of Law Libraries , American Library Association , Consumer Federation of America , Consumers Union , Digital Future Coalition , Electronic Frontier Foundation , Essential Action , IP Justice , Knowledge Ecology International , Medical Library Association , Public Knowledge and Special Libraries Association .
The House version does not contain language granting the Justice Department the ability to sue copyright infringers .
The department does prosecute criminal acts of infringement , although rarely .
If the Senate version becomes law , it is not immediately clear how the Justice Department 's expanded powers would work in practice .
For example , would the department assume the role of the Recording Industry Association of America , which has sued more than 30,000 people in the United States for copyright infringement since 2003 ?
Illustration psd
See Also :
By Mark O’Neill
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
You ’ve just got to love the Germans .
They really do think of everything .
If you ’re having problems finding the right size of condom , maybe it ’s time to spray the latex onto yourself and make your own size of condom instead ?
That ’s the idea that Jan Vinzenz Krause had .
He is the director of the “ Institute for Condom Consultancy ” and he got the idea for the spray - on condoms in the weirdest of places :
I went to get my car washed .
In Germany , you drive through a tunnel , and there ’s water coming from all sides .
I was sitting in my car , and I said , “ Yes !
This is the idea !
I will try this with a condom . ”
So I went to a hardware store – I felt a little like MacGyver – and I bought a tube , put some holes in it , attached these nozzles and connected them to a box of liquid latex .
The latex sprays out of the nozzles .
One of the downsides to the spray - on idea though is the time .
Although he is aiming for a drying time of 10 seconds , it currently takes 20 - 25 seconds for the latex to dry .
Talk about a guaranteed romance killer !
What are you supposed to do while you ’re waiting for it to dry ?
Whistle a tune ?
Stare at the cracks in the ceiling ?
Ask your partner where they ’d like to go on their holidays ?
By the time the damn thing dries , your partner will have gone to sleep and so will your …. ahem …. well , you know what I ’m talking about .
Can you keep it interested for 25 seconds ?
As for cost , the spraying chamber will cost around EUR 15 to EUR 25 ( $ 22 - $ 36 ) and the liquid latex refills , which produce between 10 and 20 condoms depending on size , will be priced at between EUR 7 and EUR 10 ( $ 10 - $ 14 ) .
That ’s quite a reasonable amount and I expected it to be a lot more expensive .
They just need to get that latex drying time down and they ’ll have a winning product on their hands .
So male GAS readers , would YOU use an invention like this for your love life ?
If your wife / girlfriend bought it for you , would you use it ?
Do you think it ’s a good invention and something people should use ?
Or something that is just downright silly ?
My Quest ?
Build a better condom – Time Magazine
Spray - On condoms – still a hard sell – Time Magazine
Revolution in the bedroom – Spiegel Online
After running a brilliant and historic primary battle to defeat Hillary Clinton , the Obama campaign is now in disarray .
Why ?
Perhaps it ’s because Barack Obama has never run a competitive race against a Republican .
After all , Obama won his U.S. Senate seat in Illinois by running against Alan Keyes , a fire - and - brimstone , right - wing black carpetbagger from Maryland ( or perhaps Mars ) who had no real ties to Illinois .
Now , facing John McCain ’s blistering ads , Obama seems unable to fight fire with fire .
The Democratic rank and file are furious ( while simultaneously denouncing McCain ’s negativity ) .
Obama , they may be realizing , does n’t know how to close the deal .
Advertisement
Nonetheless , the Obama campaign has vowed , once again , to take the gloves off and go after McCain hard , linking him to President Bush and highlighting the fact that the Arizona senator is out of touch .
One flaw with this supposed course correction is that it is n’t one .
McCain - Bush - Economy has been Obama ’s message for months now .
Indeed , ABC News ’
Jake Tapper wrote on his blog that this is actually the fourth time Team Obama has pledged to engage in a bracing round of fisticuffs .
To prove his newfound determination to go bare knuckle against McCain , Obama unveiled a new TV ad , to air in key states .
It begins with the date “ 1982 , ” a picture of a disco ball and footage of McCain in clunky glasses from his first year in Washington .
“ Things have changed in the last 26 years , but McCain has n’t , ” explains the announcer .
“ He admits he still does n’t know how to use a computer , ca n’t send an e-mail , still does n’t understand the economy and favors $ 200 billion in new tax cuts for corporations , but almost nothing for the middle class . ”
All the while it shows ancient computers and a cordless phone that looks like a World War II - era walkie - talkie .
Advertisement
The tax -cuts and economy barbs are familiar boilerplate .
What ’s new is the charge of computer illiteracy and the blatant attempt to attack McCain as too old for the job -- and that speaks volumes .
First , the ad is dishonest .
McCain has been one of the Senate ’s leading authorities on telecom and the Internet .
In 2000 , Forbes magazine called him the “ Senate ’s savviest technologist . ”
That same year , Slate ’s Jacob Weisberg gushed that McCain was the most “ cybersavvy ” of all the presidential candidates that year , a crop that included none other than Al Gore .
Being chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee , Weisberg explained , “ forced him to learn about the Internet early on , and young Web entrepreneurs such as Jerry Yang and Jeff Bezos fascinate him . ”
Weisberg , an Obama booster , now disingenuously mocks McCain as “ flummoxed by that newfangled doodad , the personal computer . ”
Advertisement
One reason McCain is not versed in the mechanical details of sending e-mail and typing on a keyboard is that the North Vietnamese broke his fingers and shattered both of his arms .
As Forbes , Slate and the Boston Globe reported in 2000 , McCain ’s injuries make using a keyboard painfully laborious .
He mostly relies on his wife and staff to show him e-mails and websites , though he says he ’s getting up to speed .
“ It ’s extraordinary , ” Obama spokesman Dan Pfeiffer said , “ that someone who wants to be our president and our commander in chief does n’t know how to send an e-mail . ”
For the record , President Clinton sent exactly two e-mails while in office , according to the archives in his presidential library .
Besides , by this logic , Obama is even less qualified to be commander in chief because , unlike McCain , Obama has never fired a gun , flown a plane or led men during wartime .
And if the Obama campaign did not intend to mock a disabled veteran , what does it say about his supposedly “ cybersavvy ” campaign that they do n’t know how to conduct a five - minute Google search to find out these things ?
Advertisement
But the most revealing aspect of the ad is who it speaks to .
According to Gallup , Obama has a 20 - to 30 - point advantage over McCain among 18 - to 29 - year - olds .
Indeed , his base ( not counting African American voters ) is upscale college kids and new - economy young voters .
These are the voters most likely to think being able to send an e-mail is , like , totally crucial .
The only other constituency -- other than the press -- that will be jazzed by such an attack are the Web-symbiotes of the left - wing netroots , another demographic Obama has locked up .
Older Americans , working - class Americans , veterans and other voters Obama desperately needs probably wo n’t care and might even take offense at Obama ’s condescension .
There are two explanations for the ad .
One is that Obama released it to reassure his base that he ’s serious about attacking McCain , not to win over swing voters .
That , or the campaign actually thinks it ’s an effective ad .
Advertisement
Either way , the lesson is the same : Obama does n’t know how to get outside his echo chamber .
He talks about being bipartisan to hard - core liberals who like the words , but he hates actual deviation from the liberal line .
He talks about new ideas , but he merely repackages old ones .
He is a candidate who has never had to sell himself to voters who were n’t already sold .
And it shows .
jgoldberg@latimescolumnists.com
During her acceptance speech at the convention , Sarah Palin called herself a hockey mom , and then asked if the delegates knew the difference between a pit bull and a hockey mom .
Her answer was “ lipstick ” .
Unfortunately , she did n’t say what kind of pit bull she was referring to :
© politicalirony.com
UPDATE : “ Saying Sarah Palin will advocate for kids with special needs because she has a baby with Down ’s Syndrome is like saying Dick Cheney advocates for lesbians . ”
WASHINGTON , Sept 27 ( Reuters ) - Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives are pushing for a new Wall Street tax that would cover the potential costs of a $ 700 billion bailout being negotiated by Congress and the Bush administration .
U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , speaking to reporters after a meeting with fellow Democrats , said the fee could be assessed after five years if the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office determined taxpayers had lost money in the bailout .
“ If after five years ... the CBO decides that the American taxpayer has lost money in this , then there would be a fee on financial institutions , ” Pelosi said , adding that she hoped the provision could be part of a final bailout deal .
Pelosi said that the Secretary of the Treasury could determine how to assess the fee .
Dark Matter is a ubiquitous and mysterious type of matter that comprises about 23 % of the energy density of the universe , much more than the 4 % accounted for by the visible and more familiar matter known as baryonic matter .
The Milky Way , like all other known galaxies , is nestled in a dark matter halo that extends over a much larger distance than the visible galaxy radius .
A recent study by researchers at the University of Arizona shows that the dark matter density in the solar system is enhanced by three to five orders of magnitude compared to the galactic halo dark matter density .
What is visible in the above image are many
spectaculargalaxies that are part of CL0024+17 .
Next , a close inspection of the cluster center
shows several unusual and repeated galaxy
shapes , typically more blue .
These
are multiple images of a few distant
galaxies , showing that the cluster is
a strong gravitational lens .
The relatively weak
distortions of the many distant faint blue
galaxies all over the image , however , indicates
the existence of the dark matter ring .
The computationally modeled dark matter ring
spans about five million light years and has
been digitally superimposed to the image in
diffuse blue ( Credit : NASA , ESA , M. J. Jee and
H. Ford et al. Johns Hopkins University ) .
As the solar system moves through the galaxy , it interacts gravitationally with dark matter particles .
Researchers Xiaoying Xu and Ethan R. Siegel from the Steward Observatory at the University of Arizona developed an analytic method to determine when such an interaction is strong enough to result in a particle ’s capture by a planet in the solar system .
They were then able to compute the amount of dark matter accumulated in the solar system during its 4.5 billion years due to these interactions , and to compare it to the amount of dark matter present in the solar system as part of the galactic halo .
The findings show that the amount of dark matter captured by a planet in the solar system depends on the mass of the planet and its distance from the sun .
The more massive a planet is and the farther it is from the sun , the more matter it will accrete .
For example , the dark matter mass captured by Neptune , the third most massive planet and the farthest from the sun , is 300 times greater than galactic halo dark matter mass surrounding the planet .
The results of this research make it evident that the dark matter distribution in the solar system does not conform to the galactic halo distribution .
This can lead to a reevaluation of the significance of the dark matter in our solar system and its possible influence on objects and processes within the solar system .
The density figures obtained in this research have already ruled out the option of dark matter causing the Pioneer anomaly ( sudden changes in the velocities of spacecrafts ) .
Understanding the properties of dark matter and its behavior is currently one of the most studied problems in contemporary astrophysics .
This research is one of the first to consider the dark matter within our solar system .
It paves the way for further work , for example the study of back - reaction effects , which can cause captured dark matter particles to be ejected , thus reducing the amount of dark matter in the solar system .
In addition , the results obtained in this research can be used to better execute dark matter direct detection searches .
TFOT recently covered the launch of GLAST , a new space observatory NASA hopes will improve our understanding of the Milky Way galaxy , the solar system , dark matter , and other topics .
TFOT also covered the construction of a large camera intended to detect dark energy , another mysterious substance estimated to comprise a whopping 75 % of the universe .
Further information on the recent research on dark matter in our solar system can be obtained at the arXiv website .
Dirxion ’s new polygon linking tool offers increased flexibility to link the product images in your catalog .
This awesome new feature allows us to outline and highlight complex shapes and images for an incredible customer experience .
Even detailed shapes can be visually highlighted within a dense product layout .
What ’s also cool about polygon linking is link association .
Now , when your customers mouse over a product image , the associated product description will highlight as well !
You can choose the outline and highlight color that is used for the linking in your catalog .
We think polygon linking is a surefire way to add more visual appeal to your pages .
See the polygon linking tool in action for yourself !
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Employers cut jobs in July for the seventh straight month , while the unemployment rate hit a four - year high , according to a government report released Friday .
The Labor Department reported a net loss of 51,000 jobs in the month .
Economists surveyed by Briefing.com had been forecasting a loss of 75,000 jobs in the latest report .
The latest report brought job losses this year to 463,000 .
The June job loss number was revised to 51,000 .
The unemployment rate rose to 5.7 % from a 5.5 % reading in June .
It was the worst reading since March 2004 , and slightly worse than economists ' forecast of a 5.6 % rate .
The rate has now jumped a full percentage point from a year ago .
But the 5.7 % unemployment rate tells only part of the problem facing job seekers .
It does n't include those who have become discouraged from looking for work , or those who have accepted part - time jobs when they want to be working full time .
Counting the unemployed or underemployed , the rate rises to 10.3 % , the first time that measure has hit double figures since November 2003 .
Those who are out of work are also taking longer to find new jobs .
There are now 1.7 million people out of work for six months or more , which is up 6 % from a month early and is 28 % above year - ago levels .
Nearly one in five people counted as unemployed have now been out of work for six months or more .
" It is becoming increasingly hard for Americans to find work in this economy , " Sen .
Charles Schumer , D - N.Y. , said in a statement .
" As the construction , manufacturing , and now retail sectors are reeling from job losses , too many workers are being forced to reduce their hours and take part - time jobs just to make ends meet . "
Tig Gilliam , chief executive of Adecco Group North America , a unit of the world 's largest employment firm , said there 's few signs of a turnaround in the labor market on the horizon .
" I think we 're going to see more of the same for at least another quarter , and it could be the rest of the year , " he said .
The job losses also show spreading weakness in the labor market .
Construction lost 22,000 jobs as housing continued to suffer , while manufacturing employment plunged 35,000 jobs , as automakers cut production in the face of weak sales .
But the job losses were spread far beyond the battered construction and auto industries .
Retailers cut 17,000 jobs , while business and professional services lost 24,000 positions .
Problems in housing and credit markets continued to hit the job base as commercial banks , Wall Street firms and real estate firms cut more than 4,000 between them .
But there were a number of service sector employers outside of finance and real estate that saw problems as well .
Publishing lost 3,400 jobs , due to continued problems at newspapers and magazine .
Airlines also cut 900 jobs .
Even with gains in health care and a narrow increase in leisure and hospitality employers , service sector companies cut a total of 30,000 jobs .
And the service sector is the broad area of the economy that provides more than 80 % of the non-government jobs .
Government employers added 25,000 jobs to mitigate the losses in the private sector .
But Gilliam said that 's not necessarily a positive for the economy .
" It 's good to have the government adding jobs in the short term , but that 's not an long - term solution either , " he said .
In another sign of weakness , the average hourly work week fell 0.1 hour to 33.6 hours .
The average hourly wage edged up 6 cents to $ 18.06 , bringing salaries up 3.4 % over the year - ago levels .
That 's well below the 5 % rise in overall prices paid by consumers over the 12 months ending in June , meaning that paychecks are not keeping up with costs .
Both presidential candidates cited the weak jobs report as an argument for their economic proposals .
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama called for another economic stimulus package , on top of the one passed earlier this year that sent $ 600 checks to single taxpayers and $ 1,200 to married taxpayers in order to help support spending .
Obama called for $ 1,000 " energy rebates " that would go out this fall , as well as a $ 50 billion in public works projects and help to state governments .
He criticized his the proposal of his opponent , John McCain , to eliminate the gasoline tax .
" If we want to create jobs , we should do more to make work pay for ordinary Americans , not boost the profits of oil companies , " he said .
" It 's time to restore fairness and balance to our economy and we can start by passing the emergency economic plan that I 'm proposing today . "
McCain issued a statement saying a jobs plan must help small businesses .
" Unlike Senator Obama , I do not believe that raising taxes is the answer to our economic problems , " he said .
" There is no surer way to force jobs overseas than to raise taxes on businesses .
The American people cannot afford economic policies that will take us backward . "
Epimedium , also known as horny goat weed .
This is an example of Epimedium grandiflorum , a different species to the one used in the study ( Image : Sphl , Wikimedia Commons )
The soft green heart - shaped leaf of the horny goat weed could hold the key to a new drug for treating erectile dysfunction .
Researchers say the Viagra alternative could be as effective as the famous blue pill , but have fewer side - effects .
Mario Dell ’Agli of the University of Milan , Italy , and colleagues tested four plants which are used as natural aphrodisiacs in traditional cultures to establish their potential as alternatives to Viagra .
Viagra ’s active compound , sildenafil , works by inhibiting an enzyme called phosphodiesterase - 5 ( PDE5 ) .
Because PDE5 helps control blood flow to the penis , inhibiting PDE5 promotes male erection .
Advertisement
Dell ’Agli and his colleagues tested the four plants in vitro to see how efficient they were at inhibiting PDE5 .
Just one – Epimedium brevicornum , also known as horny goat weed and Bishop ’s Hat – had an effect .
This confirmed previous studies showing that icariin , a compound found inside the horny goat weed , is a PDE5 inhibitor .
The fifth compound
Sildenafil , however , is 80 times more effective at inhibiting PDE5 than icariin .
Dell ’Agli and his team extracted icariin from the plants , and produced six modified versions of it , which they also tested on PDE5 .
The most efficient of these , compound 5 , “ works as well as Viagra ” , says Dell ’ Agli .
A drug made from compound 5 could also cause fewer side effects than Viagra .
In addition to PDE5 , sildenafil affects other phosphodiesterases , including some that are essential to sight and heart function .
As a result , people who have heart problems are not advised to take Viagra and patients who do take the drug sometimes suffer disturbances to their eyesight .
Preliminary tests suggest that compound 5 does not affect other phosphodiesterases , meaning it may not have the same side effects as Viagra .
Eat your weeds
Compound 5 will now have to go through lengthy clinical trials before it can be approved as a drug .
It could be 10 years before it reaches the market .
In the meantime , “ if people eat horny goat weed , I think it can be beneficial because it contains icariin , ” says Dell ’ Agli .
“ But it will not be as effective as Viagra . ”
Horny goat weed is found in the wild in China , Asia and Europe .
The research was supported by private funds , but Dell ’ Agli declined to provide details .
Journal reference : Journal of Natural Products , DOI : 10.1021/np800049y
Obama ads everywhere
A reader who spends too much time with his Xbox sends over many more images of Obama ads embedded in video games .
ATTRIBUTION :
BENJAMIN FRANKLIN , Pennsylvania Assembly : Reply to the Governor , November 11 , 1755 .
The Papers of Benjamin Franklin , ed. Leonard W. Labaree , vol. 6 , p. 242 ( 1963 ) .
This quotation , slightly altered , is inscribed on a plaque in the stairwell of the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty :  They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . 
Combinatorial Game Theory
Combinatorial Game
Theory studies strategies and mathematics of two - player games of perfect knowledge such as chess or go ( but often either concentrating instead on simpler games such as nim , or solving endgames and other special cases ) .
An important distinction between this subject and classical game theory ( a branch of economics ) is that game players are assumed to move in sequence rather than simultanously , so there is no point in randomization or other information - hiding strategies .
The bible of combinatorial game theory is Winning Ways for your Mathematical Plays , by E. R. Berlekamp , J. H. Conway , and R. K. Guy ; the mathematical foundations of the field are provided by Conway 's earlier book On Numbers and Games .
Many papers from the more recent collections Games of No Chance and More Games of No Chance are now also available online .
If you have n't read these , get thee to a library !
Recent additions :
Older stuff :
David Eppstein , Dept. Inf. & Comp. Sci. , UC Irvine .
This is the first truly devastating and powerful Obama ad of the fall campaign .
Play it again and again , guys .
It will resonate especially with the independents who once liked McCain and now see the hollow cynic he has become :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The day has dawned , the clock has rung , the time has come , calloo callay !
Tonight , the Mythbusters take on the Moon Hoax ( check your local listings ) !
OK , for you newbies , read Parts 1 - 4 ( here , here , here , and here ) .
That 'll catch you up on the history .
I was able to get an advance copy of the show -- I have powers beyond those of mortal men ... or maybe I 'm just on a Discovery Channel mailing list for the show , and I asked for a DVD when they said they 'd send them to journalists -- and let me say , it 's really good .
One of their best , in fact !
I can't reveal the results of their tests , but I will say that however each of the tests did in fact turn out , I could see why they came to the conclusion of " busted , confirmed , or plausible " for each .
Having helped them with some of the tests , it was very cool to see the results on screen .
They tackle several of the biggies , including why shadows on the Moon appear to be non-parallel .
To my great surprise , they came to a somewhat different conclusion than I usually claim for this .
I will have to amend my own discussion of this when I give my Moon Hoax talk .
Seriously .
Nice work on the MB team 's part !
Oddly , one thing that stood out for me was the pronunciation on the show of the word " regolith " ( the powdery surface dust on the Moon ) .
I have always said rehg - o - lith , but they all said reeg - o - lith .
Now , they talked to NASA folks who must know how to pronounce the word , so you 'd think that was right .
The thing is , I 've talked to experts as well , and the ones I know say it the way I do !
So now I 'll have to dig into this ( haha !
Dig !
It 's regolith ! ) a little deeper .
Interesting .
One big laugh was that Adam has his own space suit .
It was a wedding gift from the MB team .
He then modded it to make it more accurate , including a wrist - mounted booklet of instructions just like the Moonwalkers had .
But in one part , I noticed that while he put red commander 's stripes on the arms and legs , he left the stripe off the helmet .
I was gonna take him to task on this , and then found out that the helmet stripe was only added after Apollo 13 .
Knowing Adam as a close personal friend * , I 'm sure he modded the suit to be an Apollo 11 one .
The funny thing to me is that Neil Armstrong was the commander of Apollo 11 , and took all the pictures of the lunar surface during their short stay in Apollo 11 , so all the shots show Buzz Aldrin , the astronaut without the stripes .
Edited to add : As has been pointed out in the comments below and personally to me via email , the stripes were n't added at all until Apollo 13 , so in fact Adam 's suit is incorrect if he 's trying to make it an Apollo 11 simulacrum .
I will very much tease him about this when I get the chance .
OK , so it 's not all love and roses for the MB guys : I do have one minor complaint , and it's about their test of the flag - waving in a vacuum .
They seemed to focus on the flag continuing to move after an astronaut stops manipulating the flagpole into the lunar surface , whereas the Hoax goofballs always seem to be complaining that the flag is moving at all , even when the astronaut still had his hands on the flagpole .
When I show clips of the flag waving , I make a big point that the corner appears to flap up very high on the Moon , and that 's due to no air and lower gravity .
On the Earth , air resistance makes the flag flap rather lackadaisically , and that shows the astronauts were in a low - gravity vacuum environment .
Hmmm , where would the nearest low gravity vacuum be ?
Oh , I know : the frakkin ' MOON .
The MB team also tackle the idea that NASA may have slowed down the footage of the men on the Moon to make it look like they were in lower gravity .
Basically , as has been argued by me as well as my friend Jay Windley , slowing down the footage makes it look like the gravity acting on them is less , but it wo n't make non-gravitational motions look right .
So if an astronaut picks up a rock and drops it , the rock will fall slower , but the actions of the astronaut moving his arm is slowed as well , and that looks goofy .
The Mythbusters did a fine job going through this argument and their experiment was not only well executed but Jamie made an excellent observation during that part .
I wo n't reveal what they found , but keep your ears open for his comment there .
I have some more notes , but I can't really discuss them without giving away the results , so I 'll hold off .
But I think that 's probably enough .
You should see for yourself .
If I have any real complaints about this episode , it 's that is was too packed with stuff .
They should have made it a two - parter !
For example , I would have loved loved loved to see how Adam made the model of the Lunar Module ( over which I still lust ) .
And there were other aspects that would have been cooler if more details had been given .
But still and all , enough is there to cover the ground regolith on this hoary and hairy myth .
For those who want more , Robert Pearlman at CollectSPACE did an interview with the MB team which is now up , and there are some tidbits from me as well .
And I must leave you with this : a screen capture of the title credits for the show :
Squa -weeeee ! ^*
I am contractually obligated to refer to him this way .
Prana is an Inversion of Control ( IoC ) type of application framework for Adobe Flex or ActionScript 3 based development .
InfoQ recently spoke with the Prana framework ’s creators Christophe Herreman and Damir Murat to learn more insights about the usage of the framework .
InfoQ : Could you share with InfoQ readers a quick history of why you created Prana when there are other frameworks in place .
Herreman : Prana was born when we started rewriting an e-learning platform we had developed in ActionScript 2 and Flash .
One of the libraries we were using , was the Inversion of Control ( IoC ) container that was available in the as2lib and since applying IoC had worked out very good for us in the past , we wanted to have the same functionality in our new platform .
Since there was no ActionScript 3 IoC container available back then , I decided to create one myself .
I started with an own implementation , based on the Spring XML dialect and quickly decided to base the codebase as much as possible on that of Spring .
That way , it would be easier to implement certain features since we could refer to the Spring sources ; developers who are familiar with Spring would quickly be able to get started with Prana and of course it was interesting for myself to learn more about the Spring internals .
InfoQ : What do you think is the uniqueness of the Prana framework ?
Herreman :
It is a very generic , extendable and powerful IoC container .
If you know the Spring IoC container , then you should have a pretty good idea of what Prana is capable of .
One of the nice extras for instance is that you can add custom preprocessors to the XML parser .
A preprocessor is used to transform the XML once it is loaded and before it is parsed .
You can then add new elements and attributes to describe your own objects in a way that is more convenient for you and have a custom preprocessor transform the elements to elements that the Prana parser understands .
Besides the IoC container , there is also a Reflection API that is built on top of describeType ( ) .
You then have an API for accessing runtime information of the objects running in your application , like what properties and methods they have , what interfaces they implement , etc .
Next to that we are also working on some base classes for domain objects ( inspired by the Domain - Driven Design book by Eric Evans ) .
Those base classes have logic for comparing and cloning objects and a lot more .
Prana also contains several interesting utility classes .
Murat : Prana also provides tools which can be used for quick starting Prana - based projects .
One of the main features is dynamic updating of Flex compiler 's configuration settings to include classes in compiled swf which are not reachable through code .
In IoC systems this is very often since IoC encourage programming to interfaces instead to classes .
Our tools are tightly integrated with Eclipse / Flex Builder , and they can , for example , detect when Prana 's configuration changes and , when needed , they will parse Prana 's configuration and update flex compiler 's settings accordingly .
This suppresses a need for classic flex " pattern " when programmers must explicitly declare classes not reachable in code ( for example implementations of various interfaces ) to include them in final compiled swf .
Our tools take care of this automatically .
There are few more features like predefined project layout , prepared Ant targets , support for preparing a project for subversion sharing etc .
All features are configurable and can be easily deployed simply by following step - by - step instructions .
For more information interested developers can take a look at prana - tools project available in svn or in full distribution archive .
InfoQ : Prana integrates both Cairngorm and PureMVC .
Could you explain why and how they these two framework play with Prana ?
Herreman :
We offer a set of extensions to both Cairngorm and PureMVC .
Since we are using IoC , we also want to apply the principle to the framework we are using and be able to wire together the different parts of our application using Dependency Injection ( DI ) .
For Cairngorm , we offer a service locator that can be configured in the IoC container .
You can then define your remote objects , channelsets , consumers , etc externally and change them without the need to recompile your application .
That way , you also do n't need to compile against the services - config.xml file and it is easier to deploy to different locations .
It also makes testing a lot easier .
A typical use case is that you want to change endpoints when you move from your development machine to a testing server or production server .
Prana makes this really easy without having to rebuild your application .
The frontcontroller we offer is a subclass of the Cairngorm frontcontroller and accepts custom command factories .
That way , you have control over how commands are created and can inject extra properties into the commands once they are created .
Besides that , we also offer support for chaining events / commands in a way that you do n't need to explicitly invoke a command from another command .
Murat : Integration with PureMVC was initially created just as an experimental attempt to bring IoC in PureMVC applications .
When it was obvious that this was possible , we decided to make that work public .
The main benefit for PureMVC users is a consequence of using the dependency injection pattern when dealing with dependencies .
At the same time this is the biggest drawback too , since DI ( dependency injection ) usage inevitably changes some original PureMVC 's usage idioms which are based on the service locator pattern .
However , we believe that DI can be of great help in any application , and PureMVC apps are not an exception .
To ease the migration to DI , Prana 's PureMVC integration was made to be as flexible as possible .
For example , PureMVC programmers can choose a scale at which DI will be used .
Prana can be used to manage only non PureMVC objects , or it can be used to manage only part of the PureMVC classes , and , of course , it can be used to manage all PureMVC and non PureMVC objects in an application .
InfoQ :
What is the best way ( or application type ) you recommend to use Prana ?
Herreman :
If you need a certain level of flexibility in your application so that it can be ran in different contexts or you have a lot of configuration going on and want to have that centralized ( and externalized ) , then I would highly recommend using Prana .
Since it is based on Spring , many developers will already be familiar with the concepts and the XML dialect .
In our case , we had created an e-learning platform that people wanted to customize to their needs .
Since we were hosting the platform ourselves , we needed to have a mechanism that allowed all these customizations .
Without IoC , we would have to compile different versions of the software for every customization or we would have to write a custom configuration system based on XML or a database , which would have been an absolute maintenance nightmare .
Instead we could have an application context for each customization and have that context loaded with the loading of the application , depending on the logged - in user .
Even cooler was that we could generate application contexts on the fly from ASP pages that would read the settings from a database .
InfoQ : What 's the long term plan for Prana ?
Herreman :
The most important thing is the IoC container and we want to get to a 1.0 release that guarantees a rock solid container .
The container itself is pretty good so far , but we can still improve things and add more Spring features like parent beans and autowiring for instance .
We also really need to get some documentation written .
We have also been talking with the development team about removing the extensions ( Cairngorm , PureMVC , ... ) from the main codebase and releasing them as separate extension libraries .
This will have several advantages that mainly have to do with release management .
I also started working on an AOP ( Aspect - Oriented Programming ) framework but got stuck due to some ActionScript 3 limitations .
The main idea behind AOP is that you create new typed object , based on a dynamic proxy mechanism , that implements a set of interfaces at runtime .
The thing is that this is not possible in ActionScript 3 .
We have filed an issue in the Adobe JIRA and I would really appreciate it if people would vote and share there ideas on this .
See the issue at http://bugs.adobe.com/jira/browse/ASC-3136
For the rest , we do n't really have a strict roadmap .
We introduce new features and improvements as we get new ideas and insights and we are always open for suggestions from other developers .
We are also always interested in hearing from other developers that would want to join the team .
Over the centuries , history is filled with wonderful tales of mysterious people – many of whom are never identified .
This list is a selection of the most significant or mysterious people of this variety .
As usual , if you know of other fascinating people that would suit a similar follow up list , be sure to tell us in the comments .
10 Monsieur Chouchani
Monsieur Chouchani ( died 1968 ) is the nickname of an anonymous and mysterious Jewish teacher who taught a number of highly regarded students including Emmanual Levinas ( pictured above ) and Elie Wiesel in Europe after World War II .
Very little is known about Chouchani , including his real name .
His origins and entire life history were kept a closely guarded secret .
His gravestone in Montevideo , Uraguay where he died reads : “ The wise Rabbi Chouchani of blessed memory .
His birth and his life are sealed in enigma . ”
The text was written by Elie Wiesel who also paid for the gravestone .
There is no known body of work by Chouchani himself , but he left a very strong intellectual legacy via his students .
Chouchani dressed like a vagabond but was a master of vast areas of human knowledge , including science , mathematics , philosophy and especially the Talmud .
Most of the details of his life that are known come from the writings and interviews with his students .
9 The Poe Toaster
The Poe Toaster is the nickname given to a mysterious man who pays annual tribute to Poe by visiting his grave every year .
The strange tradition started in 1949 – a century are after Poe ’s death , and it occurs every year on the author ’s birthday ( January 19 ) .
According to Wikipedia : “ In the early hours of the morning on that date , a black - clad figure , presumed to be male , with a silver - tipped cane enters the Westminster Hall and Burying Ground in Baltimore , Maryland .
The individual proceeds to Poe ’s grave , where he or she raises a cognac toast .
Before departing , the Toaster leaves three red roses and a half - bottle of cognac on the grave . ”
The Toaster wears a black hat and coat and hides his face with a hood or scarf .
Groups of reporters and admirers are often on hand to watch the event .
There have been no attempts to interfere with the Toaster or to unmask him – most likely out of respect for the tradition .
8 Babushka Lady
During the analysis of the film footage of the assasination of John F. Kennedy in 1963 , a mysterious woman was spotted .
She was wearing a brown overcoat and a scarf on her head ( the scarf is the reason for her name as she wore it in a similar style to Russian grandmothers – also called babushkas ) .
The woman appeared to be holding something in front of her face which is believed to be a camera .
She appears in many photos of the scene .
Even after the shooting when most people had fled the area , she remained in place and continued to film .
Shortly after she is seen moving away to the East up Elm Street .
The FBI publically requested that the woman come forward and give them the footage she shot but she never did .
In 1970 a woman called Beverly Oliver came forward and claimed to be the Babushka Woman , though her story contains many inconsistencies .
She is generally regarded as a fraud .
To this day , no one knows who the Babushka Woman is or what she was doing there .
More unusual is her refusal to come forward to offer her evidence .
7 Kaspar Hauser
On May 26 , 1828 a teenage boy appeared in the streets of Nuremberg , Germany .
He carried a letter with him which was addressed to a captain of 6th cavalry regiment .
The anonymous author said that the boy was given into his custody , as an infant , on the 7th October 1812 , and that he had never let him “ take a single step out of my house ” .
Now the boy would like to be a cavalryman , thus the captain should take him in or hang him .
Hauser claimed that he had , for as long as he could think back , spent his life always totally alone in a darkened 2×1×1.5 metre cell ( little more than the size of a one - person bed in area ) with only a straw bed to sleep on and a horse carved out of wood for a toy .
Hauser claimed that the first human being he ever had had contact with had been a mysterious man who had visited him not long before his release , always taking great care not to reveal his face to him .
According to contemporary rumors – probably current as early as 1829 – Kaspar Hauser was the hereditary prince of Baden that was born on September 29 , 1812 and had died within a month .
It was claimed that this prince had been switched with a dying baby , and had indeed appeared 16 years later as “ Kaspar Hauser ” in Nuremberg .
Hauser died after receiving a stab wound to the chest which was possible self - inflicted .
He claimed he had been stabbed by the man who had kept him as an infant .
In 2002 , the University of Münster analyzed hair and body cells from locks of hair and items of clothing that were alleged to belong to Kaspar Hauser .
The DNA samples were compared to a DNA segment of Astrid von Medinger , a descendant in the female line of Stéphanie de Beauharnais , who would have been Kaspar Hauser ’s mother if indeed he had been the hereditary prince of Baden .
The sequences were not identical but the deviation observed is not large enough to exclude a relationship , as it could be caused by a mutation .
6 Fulcanelli
Fulcanelli ( 1839 – ? 1953 ) is a pseudonym of a late 19th century French Alchemist and author whose identity is still unknown .
Much mystery surrounds his life and works – leading to him being branded a cultural phenomenon .
One of the more extravagant tales retells how his devoted pupil ( Eugene Canseliet – pictured above ) successfully transformed 100 grams of lead in to gold with the use of a small quantity of “ Projection Powder ” given to him by his teacher .
It is believed that on the verge of World War II , the Abwehr ( German intelligence service ) was in active ( but fruitless ) pursuit of Fulcanelli because of his knowledge of the technology of nuclear weapons .
Fulcanelli had met with a French atomic physicist and given him accurate details regarding nuclear weapons technology and he claimed that atomic weaponry had been used against humanity in time long past .
“ According to Canseliet ( Fulcanelli ’s student ) , his last encounter with Fulcanelli happened in 1953 ( years after his disappearance ) , when he went to Spain and was taken to a castle high in the mountains for a rendezvous with his former master .
Canseliet had known Fulcanelli as an old man in his 80s but now the Master had grown younger : he was a man in his 50s .
The reunion was brief and Fulcanelli once again disappeared leaving no trace of his whereabouts .
At this time , Fulcanelli would have been 114 years old . ” [ Source ]
5 D. B. Cooper
D. B. Cooper ( aka “ Dan Cooper ” ) is a pseudonym given to a notorious aircraft hijacker who , on November 24 , 1971 , after receiving a ransom payout of $ 200,000 , leapt from the back of a Boeing 727 as it was flying over the Pacific Northwest somewhere over the southern Cascades .
Cooper has not been seen since and it is not known whether he survived the jump .
In 1980 , an eight year old boy found $ 5,800 of soggy $ 20 bills washed up on the banks of the Columbia river .
The serial numbers matched those of the ransom money which had been noted to make it easier to track Cooper later .
Cooper escaped from the plane by jumping off the rear airstair with a parachute leading aviation authorities to add stricter measures about the design of planes to prevent it from happening again .
In addition , this event caused airports to install metal detectors for the first time .
4 Comte St Germain
The Count of St. Germain ( allegedly died February 27 , 1784 ) was a courtier , adventurer , inventor , amateur scientist , violinist , amateur composer , and a mysterious gentleman ; he also displayed some skills associated with the practice of alchemy .
He was known as ‘ Der Wundermann ’ — ‘ The Wonderman ’ .
He was a man whose origin was unknown and who disappeared without leaving a trace .
In 1745 , Horace Walpole wrote of him :
… the other day they seized an odd man , who goes by the name of Count St. Germain .
He has been here these two years , and will not tell who he is , or whence , but professes that he does not go by his right name .
He sings , plays on the violin wonderfully , composes , is mad , and not very sensible .
He is called an Italian , a Spaniard , a Pole ; a somebody that married a great fortune in Mexico , and ran away with her jewels to Constantinople ; a priest , a fiddler , a vast nobleman .
The Prince of Wales has had unsatiated curiosity about him , but in vain .
However , nothing has been made out against him ; he is released ; and , what convinces me that he is not a gentleman , stays here , and talks of his being taken up for a spy .
Since his death , various occult organizations have adopted him as a model figure or even as a powerful deity .
In recent years several people have claimed to be the Count of St. Germain .
3 Man in the Iron Mask
The Man in the Iron Mask ( died November 1703 ) was a prisoner held in a number of Jails ( including the Bastille ) during the reign of King Louis XIV of France .
The true identity of the man is unknown because no one ever saw his face which was hidden by a black velvet mask .
Fictional retellings of the story refer to the mask as an “ Iron ” mask .
The first records that mention the prisoner are from 1669 when Louis XIV ’s minister placed the prisoner in the care of the governor of the prison of Pignerol .
According to the letter that accompanied him , the man ’s name was Eustache Dauger .
The letter instructed the governor to prepare a cell with multiple doors – to prevent anyone outside from listening in .
The prisoner was told that if he spoke to anyone of anything other than his immediate needs , he would be killed .
The Governor was the only person who was to see the prisoner , and he provided him with his daily food .
When the prisoner died , all of his belongings were destroyed .
To this day , no one knows who he was .
2 Gil Pérez
Gil Perez was a Spanish soldier who suddenly appeared in Mexico City on October 26 , 1593 .
He was wearing the uniform of the guards of the Del Gobernador Palace in the Philippines .
He claimed to have no idea how he had managed to appear in Mexico .
He stated that moments before finding himself there , he had been on sentry duty in Manila at the governor ’s Palace .
He told them that the governor ( Don Gómez Pérez Dasmariñas ) had just been assassinated .
Two months later , news arrived from the Philippines by ship .
They carried news that confirmed that the governor had been killed and they verified other aspects of Perez ’s story .
Witnesses confirmed that Perez had indeed been on duty in Manila just before arriving in Mexico .
In addition , one of the passengers on the ship recognized Perez and swore that he had seen him in the Philippines on October 23 .
Perez eventually returned to the Philippines and resumed his life – which was uneventful until his death .
You can read a more indepth article on Gil Perez here .
1 Green Children of Woolpit
The Green Children of Woolpit were two children who appeared in the village of Woolpit in Suffolk , UK , in the 12th century .
The children were brother and sister and they had green colored skin .
Their appearance was normal in all other areas .
They spoke an unrecognized language and refused to eat anything other than pitch from bean pods .
Eventually their skin lost its green color .
When they learned English they explained that they were from the ‘ Land of St Martin ’ which was a dark place because the sun never rose far above the horizon .
They claimed that they were tending their father ’s herd and followed a river of light when they heard the sounds of bells – finding themselves in Woolpit .
Some of the more unusual theories proposed for the origin of the children are that they were Hollow Earth children , parallel dimension children , or Extraterrestrial children .
After a great morning talk by Guido van Rossum 's inspiration from and application of Django 's role in Google App Engine , the crowd of 200 attendees broke into two tracks for the rest of the day .
I was able to attend a session on Satchmo , a web store built on Django that 's surprisingly configurable and robust .
The package ships with a number of shipping and payment models and can be configured for a wide range of sellable products ( physical items with many configurations , downloadable products , et cetera ) .
The team is currently focusing on releasing a 1.0 version with a revamped product system and a focus on a cleaner administrative interface now that the newforms - admin branch of Django was merged to trunk for 1.0 .
Adrian Holovaty , BDFL of Django Adrian Holovaty , BDFL of Django
The second session I attended was on the State of Django , a talk given during lunch by two of the projects co-founders : Adrian Holovaty and Jacob Kaplan - Moss .
They wound through the beginnings of Django at a small newspaper in Kansas and showed off some of the first commits and code from their internal code repository .
It was a light - hearted explanation of some of the original design decisions and how the project has gotten from its humble beginnings to the mass of code checked into the project for the push to their first stable version .
For those curious it breaks down like this :
About half of the code that ’s gone into Django over the past three years has been contributed by someone other than a core committer .
Since our last stable release , we ’ve made over 4,000 code commits , fixed more than 2,000 bugs , and edited , added , or removed around 350,000 lines of code .
We ’ve also added 40,000 lines of new documentation , and greatly improved what was already there .
James Bennett , Django Release Manager James Bennett , Django Release Manager
The third session I attended was a talk given by Django 's release manager , James Bennett , titled Reusable Applications .
Django's philosophy of small , encapsulated bits of functionality that can be mixed and matched between projects are called applications .
Django ( and Python's ) architecture encourages this sort of design methodology which James refers to as Django's " killer feature . "
James covered much of what he wrote in his book , Practical Django Projects ( Ars review ) , but expanded his thoughts on best design practices , documentation driven development , and packaging .
During a snack break , the conference supporters were auctioning off a number of items for the Django Software Foundation .
I was able to win an auction for a DjangoCon 2008 tshirt ( which I failed to secure this morning at registration ) , signed by Guido van Rossum himself .
It was the best - spent $ 80 of my life .
The fourth talk I attended was about a web site development platform composed of many , small , orthogonal Django Applications called Pinax .
A report on Pinax and the social network Cloud27 written on top of the platform were published earlier this morning .
The closing session of the day was a humorous bit given by Cal Henderson , head of engineering at Flickr .
The talk was titled Why I Hate Django and had the audience in stitches .
Cal does n't really hate Django as much as he claims to , and in between vignettes of cute kittens he laid out a number of suggestions that Django could adopt to increase uptake in load situations similar to those they experience at Flickr .
Many of these were database related : multiple - database support ( for master - master replication and more complicated configurations ) and sharding .
Others touched upon no standard deployment method , no schema evolution , poor SQL generation and the poor state of sessions ( which are stored in the database ) — Cal suggests they be replaced with signed cookies .
The list of suggestions was a good one and would help Django wriggle its way into extremely high - load scenarios ( Webmonkey coverage ) .
This sessions I missed today were David Cramer 's " High Performance Django " session , the slides and information from can be found at the previous link .
Also missed were Brian Rosner 's talk on newforms - admin , Christian Hammond and David Trowbridge 's explaination of their code review application , Reviewboard , Malcolm Tredinnick 's dive into the Django object - releational mapper , and Justin Bronn 's talk on the now - in - core GIS application called GeoDjango ( Webmonkey coverage ) .
For anyone who would be interested in the above talks , all were recorded by Google and will be made available shortly ( depending on your definition of " shortly " ) on YouTube for the world to watch .
We 'll keep Open Ended updated when the videos drop .
DjangoCon loot DjangoCon loot
For more photos from the event , check out my Flickr photoset of day one .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Bill Maher has made a career out of touching third - rail topics and pissing off large swaths of the population .
In his new film , the caustic comedian outdoes himself by going full - bore after organized religion .
Religulous , directed by Larry Charles ( Borat ) , follows Maher , an atheist , as he hits the Vatican , the Wailing Wall , and The Holy Land Experience theme park , trying to fathom why his fellow mortals believe in a higher power .
“ I do n’t want to give away the end , but I ’m a Jew for Jesus now ! ” he reports .
“ No , kidding . ”
The blasphemy continues on the film ’s parody website , disbeliefnet.com .
In 2002 , Maher lost his gig hosting Politically Incorrect , his prime - time show on abc , after declaring that flying hijacked airplanes into the World Trade Center on 9/11 was “ not cowardly . ”
For the past five years , he ’s held forth on Real Time With Bill Maher on hbo , securing his reputation as a repeat offender .
( In April , he had to apologize after comparing the Catholic Church to Mormon polygamists and saying Pope Benedict “ used to be a Nazi . ” )
Mother Jones spoke with the pro-drug , pro-death penalty , pro-choice libertarian and former Ralph Nader supporter about his ideological idiosyncrasies and his unrepentant heathenism .
Mother Jones :
In Religulous , you go around the world looking for answers to some big questions , asking people what they believe in .
Any surprises ?
Bill Maher : Yeah , there certainly were surprises .
I do n’t know if we were asking so much what people believe so much as why they believe .
The central question of the film is , “ How can otherwise rational people believe in a talking snake ? ” as there is in the Garden of Eden .
That really is the central conceit of the movie because it ’s one thing to be living in the Bronze Age when people did n’t know that the earth revolved around the sun and thought that disease is caused by a toad in your stomach , that guilt could be assessed by whether you float or not .
That sort of makes sense , but in the 21st century it does n’t make sense to me that people lead these otherwise quite rational lives , and then one day a week go to someplace and think they ’re drinking the blood of a 2,000 - year - old space god .
That to me was a dissonance I was trying to work out .
MJ : Did people help you out there ?
Did they offer acceptable rationalizations ?
BM : I do n’t want to give away the end , but I ’m a Jew for Jesus now !
No , kidding .
MJ : Were there groups of people who shocked you , or places that were particularly remarkable in some way ?
BM : I would say that Jerusalem was an eye - opener .
I was raised Catholic but my mother was Jewish .
And , I guess , and maybe it ’s a liberal East Coast thing , but we have this idea that Jews are less crazy than the Christians and the Muslims .
But when you go to Jerusalem they actually look more crazy .
I call it the funny - hat capital of the world .
Now , the Jews are definitely less warlike , which is a wonderful thing , when you compare them to the Muslims and the Christians .
Definitely a more peaceable religion and definitely a more sensible one as far as not using fear — the other two religions seem to rely tremendously on scaring people about what is going to happen to you when you die , and if you do n’t follow exactly what we say on earth that you ’re going to roast , and you ’re going to suffer .
But when you go to Jerusalem you notice that there is a lot of craziness going on .
Even on the plane over , they were , at a certain point , they all stood up in the aisle of the plane davening ; they wrapped their tzitzit around their arms , and they just looked like crazy people , always bowing their head .
It ’s disconcerting .
MJ : Tibetan Buddhist , Connecticut WASP .
So different ?
BM : We did n’t really delve into Eastern religions too much .
It is such an encyclopedic subject to undertake .
We ’ve had a few screenings and the audiences love it , but they invariably say , “ Why did n’t you cover this or that ? ”
In the 90 - hour version we would have put that in .
Religion is an endless topic , and it ’s hard enough to cover the big three .
Also , the Eastern religions are n’t so religiouslike , and we wanted to go after what people think of as religion .
You can refer to god and you are really just talking about nature .
If you are going to say the universe is god , then everything is god , everything is religion .
But when we explore traditional religion we are talking about humanistic gods people pray to , that they think can intervene in our lives , who run sort of a heaven - and - hell operation for the afterworld .
That sort of traditional religion is what we ’re talking about .
MJ : So are the viewpoints much different overseas than in the US ?
BM : We went through the Southeast of the United States for the film .
When you ’ve talked to enough people in Orlando and Raleigh , you get a flavor .
We covered that part of it .
I think the heart of Christianity is covered in the film .
MJ : Speaking of Israel , being one of the chosen people , would you ever consider moving there ?
BM : No , but I did ask someone about the Messiah , and he said , “ If you ’re mother ’s Jewish , you could be the Messiah . ”
So that ’s nice to know , that that position is open to me .
MJ : Find any kindred spirits ?
Talk to many atheists ?
BM : Sure , we purposely interviewed Richard Dawkins ; we interviewed a number of scientists who , from a standpoint of their discipline , were trying to tell us why people are religious .
And Dean Hamer , the guy who discovered the gay gene , at MIT , I think .
He also believes that there is a god gene .
That could be a religion in and of itself .
MJ : How about your own religious evolution .
When did you stop seeing the light ?
BM : I do n’t want people to think that I was someone who was born rational .
Because I do n’t think any of us are .
There ’s a section in the movie , in the beginning , where I go back to the church that I attended as a child , and my mother , who was alive at the time , and my sister came with me , and I interviewed them there and asked them some important questions I had never really talked with them about , like we never had a family discussion about why mom never came to church with my sister and father and me .
I did n’t really realize that my mother was Jewish until I was a teenager .
I just always accepted that she did n’t go to church and the three of us did .
After we quit going to church I certainly never became a Christian or Catholic again .
But I did believe that there was something .
I was constantly , like lots of people do , making deals with God ; usually when you are in trouble in some way , you bargain .
I was bargaining for quite a bit of my life , and that ’s a form of belief .
MJ : What do you do in those moments now , when you used to bargain ?
BM : I ’m fuck out of luck , lady .
I ’m telling you .
I ’ve got nothing .
I ’ve cast my lot in with this movie and this idea and in a way , I ’ve painted myself into a corner .
MJ : Is there a difference between Catholicism or Judaism and Scientology ?
BM : It ’s interesting you raise that point .
There ’s a section in the film where I go into Hyde Park in London .
There ’s a section called Speakers Corner , where what I would consider nuts stand on little soap boxes and rave and rant and people can do it about anything , but a fair number of them are religious .
So they put me into a disguise .
I looked like a homeless nut , and I went into Hyde Park and I ranted and raved the tenets of Scientology , and Mormonism , and I believe it was Jehovah ’s Witness .
Which most people are not familiar with , and they do sound like the rantings of a complete maniac .
We were trying to make the point that when you take the tenets of religion and put them in mouth of street barker , you see how crazy they are .
And then that they are not that different , certainly not that much crazier , than Christianity , mainstream Christianity .
It ’s just that we ’re used to mainstream Christianity .
We are used to the story of a man living inside of a whale for three days , we ’re used to the idea that a space god impregnated a virgin and had a child who was really him , and sent him on a suicide mission to earth , which he survived .
If Christianity were the new religion , we would consider it just as crazy as Scientology .
MJ : Even though you think religion is bunk , are you okay with people whose religious principles help them be better people , i.e. , not violent jerks ?
In other words , do you have a problem with the Golden Rule just because it has a religious origin ?
BM : No ethicist has a problem with the Golden Rule , of course , but we do n’t know why it has to be attached to ancient myths and superstitions .
It ’s fabulous on its own ; it did n’t have to come down via a burning bush from a god who , if you actually read the Bible , wipes people out randomly and should not serve as anyone ’s ethic role model .
MJ : Do you think you ’re responsible for many political converts ?
BM : Many ?
No .
But occasionally someone will come up to me and say they have been turned around , or at very least , they disagree but still really enjoy the show , which I take to mean they could come around someday .
I think this is for two reasons :
One , when people laugh , somewhere inside they know it might be true ; and two , I ’m not entirely peggable as liberal or conservative , Democrat or Republican .
MJ : Is it easier for people to hear — and believe — the hard facts about politics when they come as humor , than , say , coming from hard news sources ?
BM : Yes .
Americans are used to being pandered to and spoon - fed everything .
In a culture that needs caffeine - free cherry chocolate diet Coke , you ’d best deliver information with entertainment .
MJ : Why do you think Americans cling so loyally to conspiracy theories ?
Is it the hope that there is planning mastery behind what is actually chaos and madness ?
BM : Exactly .
Many people can’t deal with unanswered questions , which , of course , religion exploits by providing answers , even if they are just made up by someone .
This is also why we love TV shows and movies that neatly wrap up everything in exactly an hour or two .
MJ : Name a Republican you admire .
BM : Colin Powell .
Chuck Hagel .
MJ : Name a Democrat you despise .
BM : Joe Lieberman .
MJ : Do you socialize with any politicians off camera ?
BM : I would n’t say socialize .
After the show we have a drink , we have a wrap party …
There are politicians I do enjoy sitting down after the show and having a drink with .
Barney Frank was on recently , a really intelligent guy , fun to talk with .
There are plenty of politicians like that , well , maybe not plenty , but a fair number of them .
But it ’s not wise to push that , to socialize , because you want to maintain a level of objectivity when they ’re in the hot seat .
MJ : Anyone you ’ve really wanted on the show who would n’t do it ?
BM : Let me count the hundreds !
Hillary Clinton , Bill Clinton , Barack Obama .
And those are just the Democrats .
MJ : Have you ever invited Bush or Cheney ?
BM : I think they have a restraining order against me , but I ’m sure we ’ve invited them .
Hey , if there is anyone who has gone after this president , it ’s me .
I ’ve called him everything from a retard to …Even when I was on ABC , we almost lost a Houston affiliate in 2000 because I called him a lying sack of shit and called his mother a bitch .
MJ : The Bush administration has offered you an endless flow of rich material .
Will you miss him ?
BM : As a comedian , you do .
But we said that about Clinton .
We thought when Clinton went , when all the horny , fucking Monica Lewinsky jokes were out the window , that we would be at a loss , but then we were given a treasure trove in the form of someone who embodied a trait that is even more comedy - friendly than horniness , and that , of course , is rank stupidity .
We will miss that , but as a loyal American , and someone who hopes there is a future for the planet , I would gladly give up a treasure trove of humor for the world to be run in a more competent matter .
MJ : Corn syrup or corn - based ethanol ?
BM : That ’s what I think is called a Hobson ’s choice .
I am very anti-corn .
Corn is the new oil .
The lobby that just ca n’t be stopped .
First they replaced sugar .
You know , sugar was a pretty powerful lobby in this country , and somehow corn wound up replacing sugar in most of the products that used to have sugar in them .
Now they are after oil , out to replace oil .
Of course , anyone who thinks that ethanol is an answer to our environmental problems has n’t been reading very much , because it ’s just a huge boondoggle .
The amount of deforestation it takes to create biofuels is going to be a bigger disaster for the environment than what we have now .
MJ : The death penalty costs taxpayers millions more than locking up prisoners for life , and it ’s not all that humane .
What keeps you “ pro-death ” ?
BM : Wait , the death penalty costs more ?
How can that be ?
How is that possible ?
MJ : The appeals process , largely .
BM : Oh , okay .
Well , I guess it ’s just a fundamental sense of justice .
I do n’t believe in a lot of things from the Bronze Age , but an eye for an eye does make a sort of symmetrical sense to me .
I know that puts me at odds with most of the liberals in America , and certainly that puts our country at odds with almost every other nation in the world .
So maybe I ’m doing it to buff up my conservative credentials .
No , I ’m not .
I really believe that if somebody takes a life , that ’s what they should get .
I also think it ’s a lot more humane than keeping people in a cage for the rest of their life .
That to me is cruel and unusual .
I guess it comes down to , ultimately , that I do n’t think all life is precious .
I know people say that all the time , “ Life is precious . ”
I think some life is precious , and some life is just a waste of protoplasm .
Start over .
MJ : You recently lamented the huge proportion of taxes that come from the rich .
Would you say you ’re against progressive taxation ?
BM : No , I think the rich should be taxed more , I just I think that people who watch our show should know the truth and know the facts .
I relish reporting information that people do n’t know .
Whether it ’s the fact that biofuels are going to be bad for environment , or that eating meat causes more global warming than all the cars and the planes , or that Al Qaeda is really only 2 percent of the people we are fighting in Iraq , or the fact that the vast majority of the tax bill is supported by the rich .
That ’s just a fact .
It does n’t mean I do n’t think they should pay more .
I do think they should pay more .
MJ : Speaking of the rich and famous … do you think celebrities have an obligation to give back ?
BM : Absolutely .
MJ : And who does it best ?
BM : Well , I think people like the usual gang of suspects , Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie , are tremendous in what they do .
George Clooney goes to Darfur .
Don Cheadle .
Bono .
And there ’s the old saying , “ Do n’t pity the martyr , they enjoy their work . ”
On a certain level , they enjoy it .
I think Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie enjoy going to Third World hellholes .
They thrive on adventure .
I do n’t think they ’re miserable when they ’re doing it .
I think they enjoy it .
You know , I hear a lot of people making fun of celebrities for this .
And I just do n’t understand it .
I do n’t know how you can make fun of rich celebrities who could be doing nothing with their off time , or something extremely pampered , and who choose to do that .
It has my ultimate respect , because you do n’t see me going to Darfur .
MJ : What do you read every day ?
What do you read for fun ?
BM : I read the LA Times , New York Times , and USA Today .
Online , well , the Huffington Post .
MJ : How about if I sent you Mother Jones ?
BM : I read it anyway !
MJ : Yeah ?
BM : Of course !
Come on , do you think someone like me , who does a show called “ Real Time ” and is always trying to be a little more on the edge than the next guy is not going to read Mother Jones ?
I read it , and I make my writers read it .
MJ : What ’s your take on the future of independent media ?
BM : Is it doomed ?
In America , no .
In Russia , yes .
I think publications not run by big conglomerates will always be around .
The bigger problem is getting people to care .
Just like in Russia .
The problem is n’t that there are n’t opposition candidates to Vladamir Putin .
It ’s that when they ’re silenced , nobody cares .
MJ : Any regrets ?
BM : Oh , every day .
I have never understood when people say , “ I have no regrets . ”
It ’s like , “ Really ?
Are you human ?
Do you really think you are going through life just walking on a path of petals ? ”
I think if you are honest with yourself and you ’re human you have to be just full of regrets , because otherwise , how do you learn ?
You make mistakes and you move on .
MJ : How about in your show ?
BM : Of course .
I never get to sleep on Friday night because I am turning the show over in my mind .
It ’s funny .
I go through a pattern .
The show is live from 8 to 9 , I go to the little wrap party that ends about 10:30 , then there are a couple hours where I am like , “ Huh , I do n’t think I said anything this week that I regret . ”
Or , “ This is great , I ’ll get to sleep tonight . ”
Then , about one in the morning , it hits me : “ I said that to him , ” or “ that happened . ”
In some way , that ’s part of the perfectionist nightmare ; you can never really get to sleep .
So yes , I have plenty of regrets , little ones , big ones .
MJ : Libertarian or liberal ?
BM : Libertarian .
MJ : Are folks like you who pushed for Nader in 2000 responsible at all for George W. Bush ?
BM : No .
MJ : Okay , that takes care of my follow - up question :
Have you apologized to Gore ?
BM : No .
Nor would I ask him to apologize , but he ’s the one who lost the election .
And he could ’ve won that election .
He should ’ve won that election ; he was running against a retard .
He was running following an administration he was an integral part of that had a pretty good record on peace and prosperity .
And he did n’t run a very good campaign , and he backed off of what his core beliefs were .
I ’ve mentioned before that Al Gore talks a lot about the environment now , and he talked a lot about it when he was vice president .
He just did n’t talk about it when he was running for president .
PUNCH LINES
Some of Bill Maher ’s great moments in celebrity ass kicking — and kissing : Pope Benedict : A former “ Nazi ” who heads a “ child - abusing cult ” Richard Dawkins :
The atheist scientist ’s book “ someday will be by the bed at every hotel in America . ”
Charlie Sheen : A 9/11 conspiracy , ahem , “ scholar ” and “ a freak ” George Clooney : “ Why ca n’t more people be like him ? ” John McCain : “ A warrior who ’s dumb about war ” Barack Obama : “ The Jackie Robinson of politics ” Rush Limbaugh : “ Why could n’t have he croaked from [ OxyContin ] instead of Heath ? ” Ann Coulter : “ I like her — I like what she says less and less . ”
George W. Bush : “ Retard , ” son of “ a bitch ” Ralph Nader : A “ hero ” who ’s “ bringing sexy back ” Heritage Foundation , Project for the New American Century : “ You ca n’t call yourself a think tank if all your ideas are stupid . ”
Arianna Huffington :
He and the “ seductive ” salonista are “ like an old married couple , except instead of having obligatory sex on our birthdays , we blog . ”
If you look at the campaign of John McCain , you see a campaign where he is basically at odds with American public on the important issues of the day .
They do n’t agree with him about the war , they do n’t think he knows anything about the economy , which is very important to them right now , yet he ’s about even in polls .
What that tells you is that people like someone who is authentic and someone who sticks to his guns , and says what he believes .
That ’s what people think about John McCain .
That he is at least someone who is telling you truth as he sees it .
If Al Gore had done that , I think he would be president .
I think it ’s very unfair to blame all that on Ralph Nader .
MJ : Do you have a policy on apologies ?
When you offend someone , you likely get the requisite angry calls .
Any way to soften the backlash ?
BM : My policy is I am always more than happy to say , “ I ’m sorry if I hurt your feelings . ”
What I am not willing to do is take back what I said .
Unless I am wrong .
I ’ve been wrong , and I could be wrong again .
But in general , even when I was being lambasted for what I said after 9/11 , that the terrorists were n’t cowards , I apologized for hurting people ’s feelings and I recognized that the country was at a very sensitive time , and okay , maybe we should n’t be having a frank discussion — even though the president did say , “ Go back to what you used to do ” … But I never said what I said was wrong because it was n’t wrong .
It was n’t wrong on 9/10 , it was n’t wrong on 9/12 , and it ’s not wrong seven years later .
And I think in general people apologize way too much in this country .
And they demand too many apologies .
Not a day goes by that I do n’t see somebody in the campaign demanding that somebody retract something or disavow something that they did n’t even say , just that somebody they know said something .
If you do n’t like what someone says , turn the page in the newspaper .
This idea that everyone has to apologize all the time , it ’s so ridiculous .
We have such an overly sensitive society .
MJ : You describe John McCain as someone who Americans support because he ’s authentic , he sticks to his guns , and says what he believes .
Sounds an awful lot like how people would describe you .
I mean , that ’s pretty much your bread and butter , saying exactly what you think .
So , no chance you ’ll enter politics ?
BM : What I meant is , McCain ’s perceived that way ; he ’s a straight talker only by the standards of a profession where 90 percent of what they say is complete bullshit .
John McCain is a war hero , much braver than I could ever be , but he is not an actual straight talker ; I am .
Which is why I could never enter politics .
I believe religion is bad and drugs are good , and have said so many times .
Try starting a campaign with that .
UPDATE : Originally posted March 23 , 2005 .
====================
This essay , my contribution to The Future for Philosophy ( Oxford : Clarendon Press , 2004 ) , is now available for free download here .
This is from the introduction to the essay :
Paul Ricoeur famously dubbed that great triumvirate of late nineteenth -- and early twentieth - century thought -- Marx , Nietzsche , and Freud - -“ the school of suspicion , ” [ i ] by which he meant those thinkers who taught us to regard with suspicion our conscious understandings and experience , [ ii ] whether the deliverances of ordinary psychological introspection about one ’s desires ( “ I really want to be rich ! ” ) , or the moral categories political leaders and ordinary citizens apply to themselves and the social world they inhabit ( “ an inheritance tax is an immoral death tax ! ” ) .
“ Beneath ” or “ behind ” the surface lay causal forces that explained the conscious phenomena precisely because they laid bare the true meaning of those phenomena : I do n’t really want lots of money , I want the love I never got as a child ; survivors have no moral claim on an inheritance , but it is in the interests of the ruling classes that we believe they do ; and so on .
Recent years have been , in now familiar ways , unkind to Marx and Freud .
For understandable , if philosophically frivolous , reasons the collapse of the Soviet Union has been taken — especially in the media — as signalling the defeat of Marxism qua philosophy . [ iii ]
Meanwhile , Freud ’s theory of the mind fell prey to the combined forces of the philosophical critique launched by Adolf Grünbaum[ iv ] ( especially as popularized by polemicists like Frederick Crews[v ] ) and market - driven models of medical care ( especially in the United States ) , which disfavored the lengthy investment required by Freudian psychoanalysis .
Only Nietzsche has remained apparently unscathed , his academic reputation and influence at perhaps its highest point ever . [ vi ]
Yet instead of a frontal assault on the critiques of the explanatory programs of Marx and Freud , the defense of their legacy in the English - speaking world has gradually fallen to those I will call moralizing interpreters of their thought .
The moralizing readers de-emphasize ( or simply reject ) the explanatory and causal claims in the work of Marx and Freud , and try to marry more - or - less Marxian and Freudian ideas to various themes in normative ethics and political philosophy .
Explanation of phenomena is abandoned in favor of the more traditional philosophical enterprise of justification , whether of the just distribution of resources or the possibility of morality ’s authority .
So , for example , G.A. Cohen , the most influential of English - language Marx interpreters in recent decades , [ vii ] has declared that “ Marxism has lost much or most of its [ empirical ] carapace , its hard shell of supposed fact ” [ viii ] and that , as a result , “ Marxists ... are increasingly impelled into normative political philosophy . ” [ ix ]
( Under the influence of Habermas , the Marxist tradition has taken a similar turn on the Continent . [x ] )
Similarly , a leading moral philosopher notes that , “ Just when philosophers of science thought they had buried Freud for the last time , he has quietly reappeared in the writings of moral philosophers ” [ xi ] and goes on to claim that “ Freud ’s theory of the superego provides a valuable psychological model for various aspects of [ Kant ’s ] Categorical Imperative . ” [ xii ]
On these new renderings , Marx and Freud command our attention because they are really just complements ( or correctives ) to Rawls or Korsgaard , really just normative theorists who can be made to join in a contemporary dialogue about equality and the authority of morality .[ xiii ]
Yet even Nietzsche has been transformed by moralizing interpreters , though in a somewhat different way .
The crucial development here has been the retreat from the natural reading of Nietzsche as a philosopher engaged in an attack on morality - - a reading first articulated by the Danish scholar Georg Brandes more than a century ago [ xiv ] -- in favor of a reading which presents Nietzsche as fundamentally concerned with questions of truth and knowledge : the moralistic scruples of interpreters are satisfied by treating Nietzsche as concerned with something else , something less morally alarming than a “ revaluation of values . ”
Thus , on the European Continent , Heidegger tells us that Nietzsche is the last great metaphysician , advancing claims , like Plato , about the essence of Being , [ xv ] while in the hands of Foucault and Derrida , Nietzsche becomes the precursor of post - modern skepticism about knowledge and determinate meaning .
In Anglophone philosophy , the development has followed a somewhat different trajectory , but arrived , nonetheless , at the same resting point .
The late Walter Kaufmann , a gifted translator but unreliable scholar , saved Nietzsche from the misrepresentations of the Nazis , but added his own by introducing a more straightforwardly moralistic interpretation : Kaufmann ’s Nietzsche turns out to be a congenial secular liberal , committed to self - realization . [ xvi ]
Since Kaufmann , however , the primary tendency among English - speaking interpreters has been , as on the Continent , to locate Nietzsche ’s central philosophical concerns outside of the theory of value : for example , as a certain sort of philosophical skeptic about truth , knowledge , and meaning .
This approach , which dominated Nietzsche studies beginning with Arthur Danto ’s 1965 book Nietzsche as Philosopher , [ xvii ] received its most sophisticated articulation in Alexander Nehamas ’s 1985 study , Nietzsche : Life as Literature , [ xviii ] a book which presents a “ Nietzsche ” that , one suspects , Georg Brandes would not have recognized .
I shall argue that , in fact , all three of the great practitioners of the hermeneutics of suspicion have suffered at the hands of moralizing interpreters who have resisted the essentially naturalistic thrust of their conception of philosophical practice .
The resistance , it is important to note at the beginning , has taken different forms .
On Cohen ’s reading of Marx , for example , Marx is , indeed , a kind of naturalist , but a failed one : Marxists are better - served by turning to moral theory , according to Cohen , given the failure of the naturalistic project .
On Nehamas ’s reading of Nietzsche , by contrast , the naturalism is simply ignored , in favor of a reading that makes Nietzsche morally palatable by reading him as claiming only that the best kind of life is one that displays the coherence of the ideal literary character .
In the case of Freud , finally , recent interpretations have been straightforwardly moralistic : Freud is , indeed , a naturalist , on these accounts , but one whose central claims either lend support to or require supplementation by claims from — of all sources !
—Kantian moral theory .
This paper argues against all three forms of moralizing readings , and in support of the claim that , as a matter of both textual exegesis and intellectual importance , Marx , Nietzsche , and Freud are best read as primarily naturalistic thinkers , that is thinkers who view philosophical inquiry as continuous with a sound empirical understanding of the natural world and the causal forces operative in it .
When one understands conscious life naturalistically , in terms of its real causes , one contributes at the same time to a critique of the contents of consciousness : that , in short , is the essence of a hermeneutics of suspicion .
Now admittedly , such a rendering of the “ hermeneutics of suspicion ” would have seemed strange to Ricoeur , who was in the grips of a fairly crude philosophy of science .
He thought the hermeneutics of suspicion stood in opposition to a “ scientific ” understanding of phenomena .
“ The statements of psychoanalysis are [ not ] located ... within the causal discourse of the natural sciences , ” Ricoeur says , then adding that since psychoanalysis is concerned with “ motives ” -- though not motives that “ coincide with any conscious process of awareness ” -- “ its explanations resemble causal explanations , without , however , being identically the same , for then psychoanalysis would reify all its notions and mystify interpretation itself . ” [ xix ]
The talk of “ reification ” is , shall we say , obscure .
Psychoanalysis , as Freud himself understood it , offers causal explanations that appeal to unconscious motives , and while these causes are laden with meaning , they are causes nonetheless . [ xx ]
To be sure , when philosophers of science thought that all causal explanations had to conform to one model - - usually drawn from some idealized version of physics -- it seemed that a hermeneutic explanation , one that took seriously the meaningfulness of certain mental states qua causes , was necessarily not part of the causal discourse of science .
But that understanding of causal explanation is now , happily , defunct , [ xxi ] replaced with a new pluralism that recognizes , as one philosopher of science puts it , that “ explanatory adequacy is essentially pragmatic and field - specific ” [ xxii ]
Sciences may all offer consilient explanations of diverse phenomena , and generate true predictions , but beyond that , there is room for a plurality of logical forms and degrees of quantitative precision .
This last point bears emphasizing : naturalism in philosophy -- certainly as it is relevant to Marx , Nietzsche , and Freud -- is fundamentally a methodological view , which holds that philosophical inquiry should be both modelled on the methods of the successful sciences , and , at a minimum , consistent with the results of those sciences .[ xxiii ]
The supernatural finds no place in our best ontology , on this view , simply because the methods of the sciences do n’t require positing its existence .
Because naturalism , so understood , gives priority to actual scientific practices , it repudiates the characteristic doctrines of mid-20th - century scientistic philosophy , such as the idea that all genuine sciences must ultimately be reducible to physics , or the claim that all genuine explanations must have a certain logical form or at least the form of the explanations we find in physics .
Physics is a successful science , but so too are evolutionary biology , cognitive psychology and geology , despite the fact that they are n’t reducible to physics , and despite the fact that they explain phenomena in ways that look unfamiliar from the austere ontological and methodological repertoire of physics .
Marx , Nietzsche , and Freud are more important , to be sure , for their methodological naturalism , brought as it is to bear on questions of great moment , than for all the details of their empirical theories .
We must allow that on many particulars , these three great practitioners of the hermeneutics of suspicion are not satisfactory -- indeed , can not be uniformly satisfactory since they sometimes contradict each other !
Of course , empirical progress is the norm in all forms of inquiry that aim for a naturalistic understanding of the world .
And just as evolutionary biologists find it necessary to modify parts of the explanatory framework bequeathed them by Darwin - - even as they preserve the main elements of his outlook -- so , too , should practitioners of the hermeneutics of suspicion expect to dispense with many of the particular theses associated with Marx , Nietzsche , and Freud , even as they retain the general explanatory framework that informs their hermeneutics of suspicion .[ xxiv ]
As one recent researcher , reviewing experimental evidence supporting Freud , wrote : “ To reject psychodynamic thinking because Freud ’s instinct theory is his view of women is dated is like rejecting modern physics because Newton did not understand relativity . ” [ xxv ]
To take Marx , Nietzsche , and Freud seriously as philosophical naturalists demands nothing less .
If we can recover the naturalistic ambitions of Marx , Nietzsche , and Freud , we will also accomplish two important meta- philosophical goals : first , it helps make philosophy “ relevant ” -- as the critics of philosophy so often demand -- and , second , it bridges the so - called analytic / Continental divide in philosophy .
Philosophy becomes relevant because the world — riven as it is with hypocrisy and concealment — desperately needs a hermeneutics of suspicion to unmask it .
And by taking these three seminal figures of the Continental traditions as philosophical naturalists we show their work to be continuous with the naturalistic turn that has swept Anglophone philosophy over the past several decades .
Such a reconciliation of Continental and Anglophone philosophy may seem to some the wrong one , but it is beyond the scope of this essay to defend the importance of the naturalistic turn .[ xxvi ]
All I hope to establish here is that the antipathy to naturalism often thought to be constitutive of “ the Continental tradition ” is simply an artifact of cutting the joints of that tradition in certain places .[ xxvii ]
Much of that Continental tradition has earned the -- sometimes justified -- antipathy of Anglophone philosophers , but there is reason to hope that just as German intellectuals of the 1840s and 50s , in the grips of the first great naturalistic turn in philosophy , gave up on Hegel as an obscurantist metaphysician , [ xxviii ] that we , too , may leave behind Hegel and his progeny .
McCain manages to increase support among women of his own party
PRINCETON , NJ --
An update on gender differences in white voters ' presidential vote shows that Barack Obama 's gains vis-à - vis John McCain in the days since the Democratic National Convention have come among independents and Democrats of both genders , but that McCain has actually gained slightly among Republican women .
The preferences of Republican men have not changed .
The net effect of these patterns : Obama has registered significant overall gains among white men , but there has been no net change in his support among white women .
In August , McCain led Obama among non-Hispanic white men by 21 points ; his lead is now 13 points .
Among white women , McCain led Obama by 4 points , and McCain leads by the same amount today .
This means that McCain 's relative position among women has improved .
( Gallup 's previous analysis shows that Obama has a huge lead among both black men and black women , and that he also leads among Hispanics , regardless of gender .
The only racial or ethnic group among which there is a notable gender gap is non-Hispanic whites . )
Partisan Groups
One gains a better understanding of these gender differences among white voters by breaking the data into partisan groups .
Overall , this analysis shows that Obama 's gains over the last week among white men are fairly straightforward .
They occurred among both independent and Democratic men .
There has been no change among Republican white men .
On the other hand , Obama 's gains among independent and Democratic women appear to have been mostly offset by McCain 's gains among Republican women .
Previous Gallup analysis has suggested that McCain 's selection of a woman as his vice - presidential running mate might have the most impact on independent white women , who before the Democratic Convention were essentially split down the middle in terms of candidate support .
These data show , however , that at least initially , McCain has lost ground among both white independent women and white independent men ( and among Democrats of both genders ) since the convention and his vice - presidential selection .
Instead , the data suggest that McCain has in essence fought a rear - guard action of sorts among white women of his own GOP base , building their support to a degree even as he was losing support among independents and Democrats of both genders .
It is possible , but not provable with these data , that McCain 's selection of a woman , Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska , as his vice - presidential running mate may have had the effect of solidifying support among women of his own party .
The Republicans no doubt hope that this week 's convention , and in particular Palin 's address on Wednesday , will help them make inroads not only among white Republican women , but also among independent ( and perhaps Democratic ) women .
Survey Methods
Results for Aug. 1 - 28 are based on telephone interviews with 25,007 registered voters , aged 18 and older , conducted Aug. 1 - 28 , 2008 , as part of Gallup Poll Daily tracking .
For results based on this total sample of registered voters , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage point .
Results for Aug. 30 - Sept. 1 are based on a sample of 2,772 registered voters , for which the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
As Congress slogged toward an appar ent financial - market rescue bill over the weekend , the time arrived for a closer look at the roots of the crisis .
Who were the culprits ?
Many and varied .
But as Election Day grows ever nearer , the role of one candidate in particular stands out : that of Barack Obama .
As Stanley Kurtz details on the opposite page , Obama spent many years cultivating ties with , working with – and even funding – the very folks who pushed for the risky lending that underlies the current mess .
That is , “ community organizer ” groups like ACORN .
ACORN is especially noteworthy , not only because of its prominence in the drive to relax mortgage requirements , but also because of its shady tactics .
And its links to Obama .
Various ACORN chapters across the country , led by folks like Chicago ’s Madeline Talbott , staged in - your - face protests in bank lobbies and filed complaints meant to hold up mergers sought by targeted banking firms .
Unless the banks agreed to ACORN ’s terms – which many ( understandably ) did .
Talbott & Co. generally wanted them to ease down - payment requirements and ignore weak credit histories .
And their intimidating tactics often necessitated police action , as at a ’ 97 protest at Pulaski Bank & Trust in Arkansas , where activists blocked drive - through lanes .
The movement ’s biggest victory , of course , came when Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac began buying up the riskier loans – providing fresh incentive for banks to make even more of them .
No need to recount where all that led .
Meanwhile , Obama was right there by ACORN ’s side all along .
“ I ’ve been fighting alongside ACORN on issues you care about my entire career , ” he told the group last November .
Indeed , in the early ’90s , Obama was recruited by Talbott herself to run training sessions for ACORN activists .
ACORN also got funding from two charities , the Woods Fund and the Joyce Foundation , when Obama served on their boards , and from the Chicago Annenberg Challenge – the radical “ education reform ” outfit Obama ran from ’ 95 to ’99 .
Ironically , the group stood to be a key beneficiary of the goodies Democrats were loading into Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson ’s rescue plan – including one demand that 20 percent of any profits the feds make from reselling mortgage securities go to fund groups like ACORN .
Happily , that add - insult - to - injury bit appears to have been eliminated from the rescue bill – thanks essentially to Republican objections .
( In that context , it ’s worth noting that John McCain worked for years to rein in Fannie and Freddie .
Had Democrats not blocked action , the whole mortage mess might well have been avoided . )
Debate over the rescue plan begins in earnest today – and much disapprobation will be heaped on “ Wall Street greed ” as it proceeds .
Do n’t be misled , though .
In the end , from a mighty ACORN an even mightier crisis did grow .
With Barack Obama ‘s help .
I recommand you to use Google Picasa to manage and edit your pictures .
Picasa is software that helps you instantly find , edit and share all the pictures on your PC .
Every time you open Picasa , it automatically locates all your pictures ( even ones you forgot you had ) and sorts them into visual albums organized by date with folder names you will recognize .
You can drag and drop to arrange your albums and make labels to create new groups .
Picasa makes sure your pictures are always organized .
Picasa also makes advanced editing simple by putting one - click fixes and powerful effects at your fingertips .
And Picasa makes it a snap to share your pictures ¨ C you can email , print photos at home , make gift CDs , instantly share via Hello™ , and even post pictures on your own blog .
free download in here , just have a try :
http://www.toolforus.com/google-picasa/
Good Luck , Best Wishes !
After a hiatus in 2012 , I 'm sorry to report that " Personhood for Zygotes " is on the ballot again in Colorado in 2014 .
However , I 'm pleased to announce that Ari Armstrong and I will update 2010 policy paper in defense of abortion rights in light of the very much changed political landscape .
Once again , we need your support to make that happen !
Colorado's New " Personhood for Zygotes " Amendment
Despite the defeats of " personhood " measures in 2008 and 2010 , the crusaders against abortion rights have returned with yet another attempt to grant the full legal rights of personhood to fertilized eggs .
The ballot question reads :
Shall there be an amendment to the Colorado constitution protecting pregnant women and unborn children by defining " person " and " child " in the Colorado criminal code and the Colorado wrongful death act to include unborn human beings ?
( Full Text )
If successful , this measure would outlaw therapeutic and elective abortions , common fertility treatments , and popular forms of birth control .
It would subject women and their doctors to intrusive police controls and unjust criminal prosecutions .
It would force Coloradoans to abide by the deeply religious and sectarian view that the fertilized egg is imbued with rights from God .
Due to its misleading wording -- particularly its talk of " protecting pregnant women " -- 2014 's Amendment 67 will likely fare significantly better in the polls than the " personhood " amendments proposed in 2008 and 2010 .
It 's unlikely to pass , but that does n't mean that abortion rights are secure .
The dangerous ideology of " personhood " has spread like wildfire in the past four years among religious conservatives .
In the 2012 presidential election , every Republican candidate except Mitt Romney endorsed " personhood for zygotes .
"
The ideology of " personhood for zygotes " must be steadfastly opposed -- based on a firm understanding of rights in pregnancy -- not merely because " it goes too far .
" To combat the dangerous ideology of " personhood " and defend abortion rights on principle , Ari Armstrong and I will publish a new version of their policy paper on the " personhood " movement .
The updates to the paper will focus on the new language in 2014's Amendment 67 , the widespread embrace of " personhood " by the Republican Party in the 2012 election , the synergy between " incremental " and " personhood " approaches to abortion bans , the defeat of a " personhood " amendment in Mississippi , and more .
So , if you want to help defend abortion rights in this 2014 election , please pledge !
Any amount is welcome , and your pledge is not due until the paper is published .
Note : Due to efforts of the Center for Competitive Politics on CSG 's behalf , Diana hopes that she will not have to report on funds collected for this project , as she 's been obliged to do in prior elections .
Time -- or rather the judge -- will tell .
In any case , pledges for this paper are helping us have a viable case with which to challenge Colorado 's onerous campaign finance laws .
If you have any questions about the project or pledging , please email me
CareChoice
Trim sits within a modern purpose - built village , in the heart of Trim , Co. Meath .
Comprising of 117 single en-suite rooms , our purpose - built facility benefits from a high standard of décor , landscaped gardens , in - house coffee shop and hairdressers , bowling green , on - site primary care centre and the most modern of facilities .
Whether you ’re a resident , a relative or a friend , everyone gets a great reception at Knightsbridge Village .
( Natural News )
As part of a law intended to bring three new casinos to Massachusetts , Governor Deval Patrick has included a provision to criminalize all Internet gambling , drawing accusations that he is attempting to create a gambling monopoly in the state .
Under the legislation drafted by Patrick , expected to be heard by the state legislature in 2008 , the state would grant licenses to three casinos seeking to do business in Massachusetts .
Each casino would pay a 10 - year licensing fee of $ 200 million to $ 300 million , and different developers would bid on the contracts to build the casinos .
At the same time , the bill would criminalize any participation in placing or receiving any kind of bet over a telephone , cellular phone , Internet or local wireless connection in the state of Massachusetts .
Violators could serve up to two years in prison and pay up to a $ 25,000 fine .
Federal law already prohibits any sort of gambling using telephone lines , which has been interpreted by the Department of Justice to include the Internet .
However , the government typically only prosecutes those who operate Internet gambling sites ; not all those who participate in the gambling .
To date , only three states have banned online gambling over and above the federal regulations : Nevada , Utah and Washington .
The seeming contradiction in Patrick 's legislation has drawn opposition even from potential allies .
" It makes absolutely no sense to me , " said Randy Castonguay , director of the Massachusetts chapter of the Poker Players Alliance .
" It 's actually kind of laughable if you think about it .
" The alliance supports bringing in casinos but will be opposing the bill .
U.S. Representative Frank Barney , who supports banning online gambling , also criticized Patrick for the appearance of hypocrisy .
Others , such as David Schwartz , the director of the University of Nevada at Las Vegas ' Center for Gaming Research , had stronger words .
"
If you were cynical about it , you 'd think that they 're trying to set up a monopoly for the casinos , " Schwartz said .
Gaming News :
Mighty No. 9 Delayed Again
GamePolitics
It looks like Mighty No. 9 has been delayed yet again .
In a new update to the game ’s Kickstarter page .
Super Podcast Action Committee - Episode 174
GamePolitics
On this week ’s show , hosts Andrew Eisen and E. Zachary Knight discuss Mortal Kombat XL preorder complications , Nintendo NX rumors , and more
People are already modding Street Fighter 5
Eurogamer
Street Fighter 5 is n't out until February , but that has n't stopped intrepid tinkerers from modding the game .
Starbreeze to open VR arcade hall in LA
GI.biz
Starbreeze will build on its virtual reality operations by opening an arcade venue in Los Angeles , allowing members of the public to sample VR experiences developed by the Swedish studio and third party developers .
Report : Global eSports revenue grew over 67 % to hit $ 325 M in 2015
Gamaustra
Market research firm Newzoo reports roughly $ 325 million was generated by eSports worldwide last year .
Things That Will Definitely Happen in Games in 2016 ( Maybe )
GameSpot
Read on to see what our editors believe will happen in 2016 .
And is there anything you 're certain will happen this year ?
Let us know in the comments below !
Splatoon Makes A Splash In Japanese eSports
Kill Screen
Japanese players embraced Nintendo ’s colorful , team - based squid shooter Splatoon with open arms ( or tentacles ) in 2015 .
Super Bowl Commercial Shows Pokemon Would Look Amazing In Real Life .
Kotaku
Up until the very end of this commercial , the entire thing comes across as a Nike ad — not something about Pokémon .
That ’s just how fierce it is .
Far Cry Primal and Rise of the Tomb Raider will use the Denuvo anti-tampering system
Destructioid
The PC releases of both Far Cry Primal and Rise of the Tomb Raider will make use of the controversial Denuvo anti-tampering software .
Google might be gearing up to challenge Samsung and Oculus with VR hardware
TheVerge
With a few fully featured virtual reality headsets coming out in the first half of 2016 , it looks as if Google may be getting ready to move beyond its cardboard DIY approach .
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook
Are you following GamePolitics and the ECA on Facebook and Twitter ?
You should be , because it's where you 'll find the latest from us .
You can find GamePolitics here on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @GamePolitics .
The ECA can be found on Facebook as well , and on Twitter @ TheECA .
You might also want to follow ECA president Hal Halpin - @ HalHalpin and GamePolitics managing editor James Fudge @jfudge - just for fun .
Submit Content to GameCulture
If you 'd like your event added to our calendar , to submit press releases , news or articles for consideration , please email : editor ( at ) gameculture ( dot ) com
Talk about brotherly love .
Matt Surprise and big brother Ronald live in New Mexico and Arizona respectively .
As avid lottery players they made a pact that they would each play the lottery in their home states and split any winnings .
On Sept. 27 , Matt , pardon the pun , “ surprised ” his brother with news that he had won $ 200,000 playing Powerball .
His Quick
Pick bet matched five of six winning numbers from the game ’s drawing and they – not he – would collect the second - tier prize from the New Mexico Lottery .
“ I was full of joy , ” he told lottery officials , “ but my wife and kids were really excited .
They were screaming . ”
Then , he told his brother .
“ We trust each other about sharing , ” said Ronald Surprise .
Matt plans to use his windfall to make home improvements and take a trip to Hawaii or Paris .
Ronald , who lives in Phoenix , will buy a car for his daughter and make investments .
Hopefully , he ’ll wait until the stock market stabilizes .
The Surprise brothers were n’t the only lucky New Mexicans on Sept. 27 , not by a long shot .
Nine players from Roswell matched all six numbers to win the game ’s $ 206.9 million jackpot .
Both the Roswell players and the Surprises claimed their prizes on Friday morning .
In the Money :
Tonight ’s Mega Millions jackpot is $ 23 million .
Wednesday ’s Powerball jackpot is $ 25 million .
Good luck .
I think Obama 's relatively weak but nonetheless real interactions with William Ayers are a legitimate campaign issue .
But Obama 's best response , after telling the facts of the relationship , is to point out who else supported him .
Republican machers Walter and Leonora Annenberg gave the former terrorist $ 50 million .
They also gave money to Rick Santorum , Strom Thurmond and Mitt Romney .
Annenberg was Nixon 's ambassador to Britain .
If Obama is " palling around with terrorists , " the Republican Annenbergs are funding them .
Yesterday , the McCain campain put out a press release boasting that Leonore Annenberg had just endorsed him for president .
Why is McCain happy to accept the endorsement of a funder of terrorism ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
This is the BEST video I ’ve found of the Rage Against The Machine free show that did n’t really happen .
The cops refused to let Rage take the stage .
After arguing with the police for awhile Rage decided to bust out an a capella version of a few of their songs .
This video captures that moment ( props to PP for finding ) :
Then the band urged the crowd to join the Poor Peoples ’ March .
The police did n’t like that much and things started to get a little tense .
Here ’s an account from Matt Snyders on what happened next :
There is currently a buffer zone between the corner of Wabasha and 7th and the corner of St. Peter and 7th St. near Mickey ’s Diner .
In that buffer zone , there are two ambulances , an SUV and a white van .
Police are also blocking 10th St. in both directions .
At about 7:55 , advancing police began creating the buffer zone .
Police told demonstrators , media and onlookers to move back .
At 8:15 , they started blocking off the way south .
At 8:25 , there were a few small explosions , and plumes of smoke began to rise .
Some bombs went off , and we got the hint of tear gas on the air .
Demonstrators were chanting “ We want peace , we want peace , ” before the gas went off .
I was on Wabasha and 7th Street when this happened .
The cops received orders to begin advancing at us in order to close off the intersection .
I started capturing video of this and it ’s some scary shit .
About 80 seconds into the video a series of explosions go off .
I can only assume these were the smoke bombs and / or tear gas cannisters being launched .
The cops were chanting as they marched towards us in lockstep .
It was some freaky shit :
At the end of the video the teargas starts blowing our way so we got the heck out of there .
I was n’t even with the main protest group .
There was a much larger group ( the Poor Peoples March and the Rage Against the Machine crowd ) that was being broken by the cops .
I met up with fragments of this larger protest after they had been tear - gassed and pepper - sprayed .
This guy was getting some assistance from a friend after being doused in the face with pepper spray .
It looked more than a little bit painful .
The cops continued clamping down and pushing the protesters back across the Cedar bridge .
They did n’t seem to be encountering any resistance , but they were intent on smashing the protest .
They set up perimeters and used the barricades to corral the marchers back across the Wabasha bridge :
The protesters made a last stand of sorts at the ( heheheh ) Peace Officers Memorial .
They used cops on bikes to quickly block off streets and other avenues of escape and then sent in the baton - weilding foot soldiers to disperse us completely .
I can say with 100 % accuracy that the police stormed the Peace Officers Memorial .
Apparently the irony was lost on them .
Check out my earlier post about the more peaceful Anti-War protest the previous day .
And there are more photos to view in my photostream .
USA Per Capita Bailout Costs
The $ 700 billion financial system bailout has so far stabilized the financial markets .
That part is hard to debate .
The long term effects , the path , and the implications are , of course , up for debate .
The questions in many discussions this weekend were what the real costs would be and whether or not these institutions should be allowed to fail .
So , one issue we wanted to consider , was what exactly does this translate to on a per individual in the U.S.
In 2006 , there were more than 133.9 million individual tax returns and the total number of tax returns including corporations , employment taxes , and more came to more than 168.8 million .
We decided to use the larger number of 168.8 million as a representation for the entire tax system rather than just individuals , since the larger number of roughly $ 2.5 trillion collected was only about half of the total collections from individuals .
After all , we are all in the same soup on bailouts here .
The $ 700 billion bailout translates to roughly $ 4,147.00 per filer .
If you wanted to use just the individual tax filings , you would come up with more than $ 5,200.00 .
That is the price of saving Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , AIG , Bear Stearns , Lehman , Countrywide , and other failed financial institutions via assisted mergers and other bailouts .
We have n’t even gotten to the other failures which are waiting in the wings .
Dare we add in the $ 600 per individual or $ 1,200.00 per couple tax rebate stimulus checks that went out this year ?
We have also discussed that the entire package could even reach $ 1 trillion and even the notion of $ 2 trillion .
These numbers are starting to look astronomical on a per capita basis .
Before long , it might even add up to real money .
Jon C. Ogg
September 22 , 2008
San Francisco -
In an unprecedented victory for cell phone privacy , a federal court has affirmed that cell phone location information stored by a mobile phone provider is protected by the Fourth Amendment and that the government must obtain a warrant based on probable cause before seizing such records .
The Department of Justice ( DOJ ) had asked the federal court in the Western District of Pennsylvania to overturn a magistrate judge 's decision requiring the government to obtain a warrant for stored location data , arguing that the government could obtain such information without probable cause .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , at the invitation of the court , filed a friend - of - the - court brief opposing the government 's appeal and arguing that the magistrate was correct to require a warrant .
Wednesday , the court agreed with EFF and issued an order affirming the magistrate 's decision .
EFF has successfully argued before other courts that the government needs a warrant before it can track a cell phone 's location in real - time .
However , this is the first known case where a court has found that the government must also obtain a warrant when obtaining stored records about a cell phone 's location from the mobile phone provider .
" Cell phone providers store an increasing amount of sensitive data about where you are and when , based on which cell towers your phone uses when making a call .
Until now , the government has routinely seized these records without search warrants , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston .
" This landmark ruling is hopefully only the first of many .
Just as magistrates across the country have begun denying government requests to track cell phones in real - time without warrants , based on arguments first made by EFF , so too do we hope this decision will spark new scrutiny of the government 's unconstitutional seizure of stored cell phone location records . "
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , the ACLU Foundation of Pennsylvania , and the Center for Democracy and Technology ( CDT ) joined EFF 's brief .
For Wednesday 's decision :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/celltracking/lenihanorder.pdf
For the full amicus brief in the cell phone records case :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/celltracking/LenihanAmicus.pdf
For the magistrate 's order :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/celltracking/criminalapplicationorder_finalopinion.pdf
For more on cell phone tracking :
http://www.eff.org/issues/cell-tracking
Contacts :
Kevin Bankston
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
bankston@eff.org
Rebecca Jeschke
Media Coordinator
Electronic Frontier Foundation
press@eff.org
[ / caption ]
An international team of astronomers has obtained the closest views ever of what is believed to be a super - massive black hole at the center of the Milky Way galaxy .
The astronomers linked together radio dishes in Hawaii , Arizona and California to create a virtual telescope more than 2,800 miles across that is capable of seeing details more than 1,000 times finer than the Hubble Space Telescope .
The target of the observations was the source known as Sagittarius A* ( “ A - star ” ) , long thought to mark the position of a black hole whose mass is 4 million times that of the sun .
Using a technique called Very Long Baseline Interferometry ( VLBI ) , the astronomers studied the radio waves coming from Sagittarius A* .
In VLBI , signals from multiple astronomy telescopes are combined to create the equivalent of a single giant telescope , as large as the separation between the facilities .
As a result , VLBI yields exquisitely sharp resolution .
They detected structure at a tiny angular scale of 37 micro-arcseconds – the equivalent of a baseball seen on the surface of the moon , 240,000 miles distant .
These observations are among the highest resolution ever done in astronomy .
“ This technique gives us an unmatched view of the region near the Milky Way ’s central black hole , ” said Sheperd Doeleman of MIT , first author of the study that will be published in the Sept. 4 issue of the journal Nature .
Though Sagittarius
A* was discovered three decades ago , the new observations for the first time have an angular resolution , or ability to observe small details , that is matched to the size of the black hole “ event horizon ” â€ ” the region inside of which nothing , including light , can ever escape .
With three telescopes , the astronomers could only vaguely determine the shape of the emitting region .
Future investigations will help answer the question of what , precisely , they are seeing : a glowing corona around the black hole , an orbiting “ hot spot , ” or a jet of material .
Nevertheless , their result represents the first time that observations have gotten down to the scale of the black hole itself , which has a “ Schwarzschild radius ” of 10 million miles .
The concept of black holes , objects so dense that their gravitational pull prevents anything including light itself from ever escaping their grasp , has long been hypothesized , but their existence has not yet been proved conclusively .
Astronomers study black holes by detecting the light emitted by matter that heats up as it is pulled closer to the event horizon .
By measuring the size of this glowing region at the Milky Way center , the new observations have revealed the highest density yet for the concentration of matter at the center of our galaxy , which “ is important new evidence supporting the existence of black holes , ” said Doeleman .
“ This result , which is remarkable in and of itself , also confirms that the 1.3 - mm VLBI technique has enormous potential , both for probing the galactic center and for studying other phenomena at similar small scales , ” said co-author Jonathan Weintroub .
The team plans to expand their work by developing novel instrumentation to make more sensitive 1.3 - mm observations possible .
They also hope to develop additional observing stations , which would provide additional baselines ( pairings of two telescope facilities at different locations ) to enhance the detail in the picture .
Future plans also include observations at shorter , 0.85 - mm wavelengths ; however , such work will be even more challenging for many reasons , including stretching the capabilities of the instrumentation , and the requirement for a coincidence of excellent weather conditions at all sites .
Source : Harvard Smithsonian press release
It 's been another one of those days : places to go , deadlines to meet , meals to cook .
You find yourself daydreaming about crisp , salty potato chips .
Pretty soon it's an insistent , must - have - it - now craving , and before you know it , your hand is deep in the bag .
It 's normal to crave certain foods , but make sure you do n't go overboard .
Rather than berate your lack of willpower , once in a while , indulge yourself .
In a 2007 Tufts University study of healthy women , 91 percent reported having food cravings ( which the researchers define as an intense desire to eat a specific food ) .
In other words , cravings are common , and the key to successful weight management , experts say , is learning to address cravings rather than always deny them .
" You first have to accept that having cravings is normal , but you do n't have to give in to every one , " says Tufts study coauthor Susan Roberts , PhD .
" The people in our research who manage their weight the best are not those who crave foods less often but those who give in some of the time . "
Trigger happy
Brian Wansink , PhD , director of Cornell University 's Food and Brand Lab and author of " Mindless Eating : Why We Eat More Than We Think , " has made a career of studying people 's behavior relating to food .
He says cravings fall into two basic categories : snacks ( with potato chips , ice cream , cookies , and chocolate leading the list ) and meal foods ( pizza , pasta , burgers , casseroles , and the like ) .
Which comfort food you choose can be affected by age and gender .
" Women tend to crave sweet stuff , men salty stuff , " Roberts says .
" And premenstrual women 's cravings are more likely to be insistent .
" CookingLight.com : Build a healthier pie with top pizza recipes
What triggers a food longing ?
Hormonal fluctuations are thought to be the cause in premenstrual women , though no one knows for sure , says Roberts .
Other theories include a physical need for calories and emotional cues .
" If you have n't eaten for hours and you 're really hungry , that is a physical craving , and you should eat , " says Bonnie Taub - Dix , MA , RD , CDN , spokesperson for the American Dietetic Association .
Emotional yens , on the other hand , may be set off by almost anything : a song , a person , a feeling , a situation that 's associated with a particular food -- any reminder can kick a hankering into gear , " even if you 're not hungry , " Taub - Dix says .
Although stress is a commonly cited culprit , research shows that positive events trigger cravings even more than negative feelings , says Wansink .
" In one of our studies , we rigged games so that people would either succeed or lose , and we found that they ended up having a stronger craving when they won . "
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Health Library
Strategies that work
Given cravings ' universal nature , experts agree that " if you deny all cravings , something 's going to backfire , " says Wansink .
If you rarely enjoy a food you crave , you 're more likely to go overboard when you finally do give in .
Indeed , according to the Tufts study , people who occasionally give in to hankerings manage their weight most successfully .
These healthful strategies can help , too .
CookingLight.com :
Hot artichoke - cheese dip
Eat regularly .
Waiting too long between meals can turn normal hunger pangs into an out - of - control craving .
" It 's hard to make a good choice when you 're starving , " says Taub - Dix .
Her suggestion : Keep healthful options -- energy bars , skim milk , even an almond butter and jelly sandwich -- on hand to keep hunger in check .
CookingLight.com : Keep cravings in check with healthy snacks to go
Delay gratification .
When a craving hits , slip your mind into rational gear by saying , " not now , maybe tomorrow , " suggests Roberts .
Saying " later " rather than " never " may help decrease the frequency of cravings , she adds .
Keep it real .
Eating an apple is n't likely to satisfy a yen for chocolate .
Instead , enjoy what you really want -- in moderation .
Wansink 's research shows that " each subsequent taste of a food is rated as less enjoyable than the previous taste .
The first bite is always the best ; the second bite , second best . "
If you eat half of what you 'd normally want , Wansink says , " your satisfaction rating [ will still be ] very , very high . "
Practice portion control .
It 's easy to overeat if you munch straight from a box of cereal , for instance , or a bag of pretzels .
Taub - Dix suggests portioning one - cup servings into zip - top plastic bags .
" This way you wo n't eat to excess . "
In fact , snacks are fine .
The USDA Dietary Guidelines allow 100 to 300 " discretionary " calories daily ( to calculate how many discretionary calories you can enjoy per day , visit MyPyramid.gov ) .
An ounce of dark chocolate ( 142 calories ) , for example , or 1.25 ounces of baked potato chips ( 166 calories ) fall well within that range .
Choose high - quality foods with nutritional benefits .
Tapenade spread on a fresh baguette will offer salty - meaty flavor from the olives ( as well as heart - healthy fatty acids ) and tasty carbs from the bread .
If chocolate is your weakness , go for gourmet dark chocolate , which offers beneficial antioxidants along with great flavor .
If you want something creamy , try thick Greek yogurt drizzled with honey ( you 'll gain some calcium as well as the rich creaminess you really want ) .
CookingLight.com :
The many health benefits of chocolate .
Keep a food diary .
This can help if cravings are frequent and often lead to overeating .
" I suggest my patients write down what they 're feeling " when they have a craving , says Taub - Dix .
" It helps to transfer your feelings onto that piece of paper , and you may find you do n't have to eat . "
Also note the types of food and even the times you eat ; look for patterns so you 're not caught off guard .
Addressing ¬underlying issues like physical hunger or ¬boredom or stress may help people minimize cravings , says Roberts .
" The idea is to live with your cravings and not let them control you . "
For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE
Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine .
All rights reserved .
German Economics Experts ' The World Should n't Have to Bear the Burden for America 's Lapses '
The US government is buying bad debt for $ 700 billion .
Now Washington is asking other countries to jump in and help , too , but the Germans are bowing out .
Believing that the rescue package sends the wrong signal , experts from the country 's leading economics think tanks argue it's the right call .
Von Corinna Kreiler
“ I am trying to make that happen , ” he explained .
“ Michael is a very private guy , but we ’re working at it slowly .
The film that I ’m trying to make is n’t about the actual basketball , it ’s about the business .
Michael Jordan is such a big international brand – how do you make that happen ?
How do you make that happen as a sports star ?
The brand has done so well for years . ”
( Stringer Bell from The Wire ) is planning to shoot a biopic on basketball greatand recently spoke with IGN about it .
During a press junket for “ , ” Elba told IGN that he is currently trying to make that happen .
Elba will direct the film and may star in it as well .
Two white people walk into a bar , a badly lit Culver City saloon called the Backstage whose interior design could be summed up as one pool table , a no - frills photo booth and some scattered neon .
Blondie and the Rolling Stones belt out of the stereo , $ 3 Newcastle comes on tap and sticky laminated menus offer up garlic fries , chili cheese fries and buffalo wings .
In other words , welcome to No. 148 of 150 things white people like : dive bars .
“ If you want to say I was planning that far ahead , that ’s great , ” said Christian Lander , resident white person behind the ridiculously popular blog Stuff White People Like , a snarky bit of grass - roots anthropology that recently transmuted into a rumored $ 300,000 book deal .
“ But I just like this place .
I like the darkness .
I do n’t like overpaying for drinks .
I ’m not a very picky bar patron . ”
Now “ Stuff White People Like ” the book has arrived , and if it is a joke -- and really , it ’s filled with bons mots such as “ For those of you who do n’t know , a dive bar is a place with cheap drinks and minimal decoration that was formerly frequented by those who dislike white people ” -- then the joke ’s on Lander .
Wearing jeans and a faded navy UC Berkeley T - shirt ( No. 84 ) , procured from Goodwill ( No. 49 ) , thin , black angular frames ( No. 140 ) , and sporting red hair ( No. 97 ) and a closely trimmed beard ( No. 95 ) , Lander sidled up to the Backstage on his bike -- that is cycle , not motor , a.k.a. No. 61 .
Though it must be said that , born and raised in Canada , Lander at no point during our early evening together threatened to move back there ( No. 75 ) .
Advertisement
“ It ’s me making fun of myself the whole way through , ” Lander said of the blog turned book .
“ That ’s why my picture ’s up there all the time .
I ’m not implying I ’m above any of this .
I like all the stuff in the book . ”
“ Some people actually write saying they ’re not sure if it ’s funny or not .
Some people like that comment , ‘ I ’m not sure if this is a joke or not . ’
Every time I ’m like , ‘ Really ?
You really ca n’t tell ?
Good luck with life . ’ ” Lander said .
The blog caught on
The million and a half hits his blog has generated are taken as a sign of extreme popularity -- a fact not long overlooked by New York literary agents .
“ It all came through the site , ” Lander said .
“ I took a bunch of meetings and ended up signing with William Morris .
Once I had the agent , they took care of everything else . ”
Now overseas rights of the book are already selling , with at least a Dutch version in the works .
“ I ’m super - excited to see the cover , ” Lander said .
“ I ’m picturing stuff spelled s - t - o - o- f with umlauts and stuff . ”
Lander was likewise pleased when Kanye West ’s blog linked to StuffWhitePeopleLike.com .
Not so much , though , when he got a shout - out from the white supremacist at Stormfront.org .
Advertisement
Though not a raging conservative ( “ I ’m Canadian .
How right - wing can I get ? ” ) and clearly not a rabid liberal , Lander is not devoid of political leanings .
“ I was a little nervous because post No. 8 was Barack Obama , and this was before he won the nomination , when the book was getting done .
I was like , ‘ Please , please , please let him win .
Please let him win .
Keep this book relevant .
Keep this book relevant , ’” he said .
Birthing White People
Lander and his wife , Jess , settled down in Los Angeles two years ago , after meeting in graduate school -- where Lander was , perhaps a bit pretentiously , angling for a doctorate in film -- then dropping out together .
At the time , he had pipe dreams of making it big as a comedy writer ; until recently he worked as a copywriter at an interactive ad agency .
White People was born here over an IM chat about “ The Wire ” ( No. 85 ) between Lander and fellow Canadian Myles Valentin .
( Valentin also contributed such thoughts as Asian girls and consequently earned himself rights to all the blog ’s ad revenue , Lander says . )
Despite all the hilarity , though , Lander says there are a couple of serious points he ’d like to make .
After growing up in Toronto ’s Chinatown , going to school at Montreal ’s McGill University and slogging through half a doctorate in Indiana , Lander found himself put off by reverse provincialism .
Advertisement
“ There ’s so much elite snobbery on the East Coast about the Midwest , the idea everyone there is exactly the same and are all Republicans or idiots or easily tricked , ” he said .
“ I went out there and it ’s not the case at all .
It drove me nuts , people dismissing whole swaths of the country .
Aside from the fact that there are hilarious , amazing people there . ”
As for his second bone to pick , that ’s all about economic status .
“ The Stuff is more about class than race , ” Lander said .
Yet it ’s not even precisely rich whiteness that he singles out for his ire .
It ’s moneyed Caucasian liberals saturated with irony and bedecked in ostentatious authenticity and hard - earned nonchalance .
“ It is the attitude , it ’s not about the stuff , ” Lander clarified , leaving open the possibility that he is n’t in fact anti-free healthcare nor opposed to integrity or farmers markets .
“ It ’s all a contest , ” he said .
“ It ’s a competition that ’s not about money , because that ’s crass .
Authenticity and happiness are valued more than wealth .
Wealth was always taken care of in this group of people . ”
Still , the upper middle class is “ completely dominated by white people , ” he emphasized .
“ If you ’re from another race and you like the stuff in the book , chances are you will get accused of acting white .
I started it with a friend who is Filipino .
We grew up together watching ‘ Dawson ’s Creek ’ and listening to Jewel -- and the Wu - Tang Clan so we still rocked -- and he ’d get accused of that by friends , ” he said .
As far as conducting field research , then , Lander did n’t need to so much as lift a Google .
“ It ’s a weird thing where you just know , ” he said .
“ I ’d think about my friends from McGill and grad school .
Would they like this ?
If the answer is yes , in it goes . ”
Advertisement
Living with White People
Lander ’s new publisher , Random House , asked for the particularly snappy turnaround of essentially one month , with its author just presenting it with the final product in May .
Perhaps this explains why only half of the book ’s entries are new material , but Lander says he did n’t really need more time .
“ I still had all the momentum going and still had all the energy .
There was no writer ’s block . ”
Though he and Valentin started it as a blog , it ’s not that he ’s got a particular love for the medium .
“ People were obsessed with telling me [ the blog has ] jumped the shark .
For every single post I ’d put up .
Part of me would want to be like , ‘ It ’s your right to say whatever you want , ’ but dude , I get it .
You ’ve said this about the last 15 posts .
Enough .
And so I stopped reading the comments entirely months ago . ”
The many nasty comments , he said , “ made me not want to write anymore , seeing how angry everyone was .
Doing a book is fantastic .
You can post the review of the book to your blog and I wo n’t read it . ”
Lander ’s already practicing not taking it all too seriously .
Recently Bravo flew him and his wife to New York to attend their A - List Awards ceremony , having been deemed eligible for decoration in the new “ Cewebrity ” category .
Lander lost out to Perez Hilton , and Bravo had to nix the segment altogether due to time constraints .
The Landers put Bravo ’s plane tickets to good use anyway , devising a pizza tour of their own design .
“ Have you been to Di Fara ’s in Brooklyn ?
It ’s . . . awesome . ”
Advertisement
Life after White People
As for what ’s next , Lander concedes he ’s not a novelist , and the blog ’s got a built - in expiration date , he feels : “ When I run out of Stuff , I ’ll let it go . ”
And with no new pet peeves on the horizon , he sees no particular self - generated project bubbling up .
A fan of Cartoon Network ’s Adult Swim , as well as network shows like “ 30 Rock , ” “ The Office ” and “ ‘ Conan , ’ obviously , ” Lander would rather segue into television .
But if that does n’t happen , he ’s prepared .
“ I ’ll go back to interactive advertising , ” he said with a shrug .
--
Advertisement
mindy.farabee@latimes.com
In one week from today , the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) will take its first step ' back in time . '
What is mass ?
What happened at the beginning of the universe ?
Are there other dimensions ?
We 'll be on the way to finding out .
It 's taken about 6,000 researchers , been over budget and behind schedule but it 's finally ready to go .
If all goes according to plan , the superconducting magnets in the collider will zap atomic particles around the 17 - mile tunnel at roughly the speed of light .
Then the scientists will smash the particles together , replicating what happened mere nanoseconds after the first big bang .
Atlas detector under construction at the LHC site .
The large tubes that surround the empty space are magnets used to control the direction of subatomic particles .
Credit : AFTAU
Tel Aviv University School of Physics and Astronomy professor Erez Etzion participated in the design and construction of the trigger chambers for ATLAS , one of the two main detectors in the collider .
This critical piece of machinery will decide what online data to record ― and what data to discard ― from the 1 billion atomic collisions per second .
There is no storage disk space in the universe big enough to hold all the data , says Prof.
Etzion , making this detector a key component in the success of the LHC .
Should We Change It To " May The ' Z * ' Be With You ? "
Prof .
Etzion will be watching closely to see what happens to proton beams colliding at super speeds .
While invisible particles are expected to leave a trace like a watermark after they collide , he believes that some particles will escape detection , possibly travelling to other dimensions .
This is an exotic theory , Prof.
Etzion admits , but one which may explain why the force of gravity appears to be so weak .
" It could be that while all the matter we know is trapped in three space dimensions , a gravity carrier can move into additional dimensions , resulting in a diluted gravitational force " , he says , noting he and his colleagues will be looking for particles delivered by a force carrier called the " Z * " or " zee star . "
The physicists hypothesize that the Z* may be able to move between our own three - dimensional world and other hidden dimensions .
The notion of new dimensions is stranger than science fiction , though the possibility of their existence is quite real .
Prof.
Etzion believes that other dimensions may exist in parallel to ours , but that ― until now ― they were too small for us to experimentally detect .
" For the first time we will reach a new energy scale in our lab , the Tera electron volt regime , and we expect to discover new phenomena there , " he says .
" At such high energies , we may be able to stimulate particles to jump through dimensions and can measure this by the disappearance of mass or energy , or the appearance of new excited state towers of particles . "
Hanging by a Vibrating String
Prof . Etzion 's research falls within a branch of theoretical physics known as string theory .
The theory posits that all matter is made up of vibrating strings of energy , suggesting six or more dimensions we cannot see affect everything we do and see .
It is an appealing model to physicists , since it offers mathematical solutions to the major unanswered questions in particle physics .
This September , physicists around the world will be on the edges of their seats to see what happens when the first beam is circulated through the collider .
The first high - energy collisions are expected to take place in October 2008 .
Govt may scrap outdated gay law Text Size : |
In 96 hours , the government might finally say it will scrap a 148 - year - old law dating from British times , which criminalizes gay sex .
It has taken eight long years and much debate for India to get to the stage of even thinking seriously about decriminalizing homosexuality .
If Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code were repealed , it would be a giant leap forward for AIDS prevention in a country with one of the highest HIV infection rates in the world .
Gay rights activists say the delay in repealing the law is criminal .
On Thursday , the government will argue its case in the Delhi High Court .
Though it has been sending mixed messages , activists say they take heart from the health minister 's recent statement that the law needs changing .
Speaking at the international conference on AIDS in Mexico City last month , Anbumani Ramadoss had said , Section 377 of the IPC , which criminalises men who have sex with men , must go .
Ashok Row Kavi , founder of India 's first gay group Humsafar Trust , says , Gays are the largest group vulnerable to AIDS .
But the government does n't seem to understand this .
Section 377 is one of the main reasons India has an estimated 2.35 million people classed as vulnerable to AIDS but who may not get treated .
Follow us on Twitter for TOI top stories Twitter Facebook Share Print Email Save Comment Text Size : | More Stories from this section
Obama vows new ' speed and ferocity '
In new ads out Friday morning , the Obama campaign makes fun of John McCain because he “ ca n’t send an e-mail . ”
And Barack Obama insists in a personal appeal to voters : “ This year , change has to be more than a slogan . ”
It ’s part of a new aggressiveness by the former front - runner , who ’s suddenly scrambling to contain an insurgent McCain - Palin ticket .
Advertisement
The ads are designed , a campaign official said , to " underscore that John McCain ca n’t bring about change when he is completely out of touch with the lives of regular Americans . "
The campaign ’s new mantra : " Out of touch , out of touch , out of touch . "
Although McCain has made startling gains among women in some polls , Obama aides contend that the wide swath of national polling shows that this race is essentially where it was pre-conventions : tied .
Eager to regain momentum , Obama campaign manager David Plouffe cast the recalibrated campaign as a relaunch for the final 53 days : “ Today is the first day of the rest of the campaign . ”
Obama has been all about change , and polls show this is a change election .
But starting at last week ’s Republican National Convention , McCain tried to eat Obama ’s delicious lunch by claiming to be the real candidate of change — someone who would do it , not just preen about it .
In a memo to reporters and supporters , Plouffe is vowing to seize back that mantle of change after what he called a series of Republican “ smears , lies and cynical attempts to distract from the issues that matter to the American people . ”
“ We will respond with speed and ferocity to John McCain ’s attacks and we will take the fight to him , but we will do it on the big issues that matter to the American people , ” Plouffe wrote .
“ We will not allow John McCain and his band of Karl Rove disciples to make this big election about small things . ”
Obama also released two new 30 - second ads — " Still " and " Real Change " — that , as the campaign put it , explain “ What Change Is and What It Is n’t . ”
The first ad tries to put meat on the bones of change by urging viewers to “ Read the Obama plan for REAL change — Barackobama.com /issues . ”
Obama says into the camera : “ We ’ve heard a lot of talk about change this year .
The question is , change to what ?
To me , change is a government that does n’t let banks and oil companies rip off the American people .
Change is when we finally fix health care instead of just talking about it .
Change is giving tax breaks to middle class families instead of companies that send jobs overseas .
Change is a president who brings people together .
I ’m Barack Obama , and I approved this message because this year , change has to be more than a slogan . ”
In the second ad , an announcer says : “ Things have changed in the last 26 years .
But McCain has n’t .
He admits he still does n’t know how to use a computer , ca n’t send an e-mail .
Still does n’t understand the economy .
And favors $ 200 billion in new tax cuts for corporations , but almost nothing for the middle class .
After one president who was out of touch , we just ca n’t afford more of the same . ”
In a July interview with The New York Times , McCain said aides “ show me Drudge , ” but said he did n’t e-mail : “ I am learning to get online myself , and I will have that down fairly soon , getting on myself . ”
Some Democratic strategists were surprised that Obama was on camera responding to the McCain campaign 's attack over the “ lipstick ” remark , and Plouffe ’s memo suggested that Sen. Joe Biden ( D - Del. ) will be playing the traditional running mate ’s role of doing the attacking .
“ Sen .
Biden will be integral to that effort , both in pushing back on the lies that we ’ll continue to see from our opponents , and in keeping the debate focused on delivering for everyday Americans , ” Plouffe wrote .
Here ’s the text of the memo :
TO : Interested Parties
FR : David Plouffe , Campaign Manager
RE : Heading into the Final Stretch
DA : September 12 , 2008
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Summary
With both conventions and the vice - presidential selections behind us , the campaign is now heading into the final stretch .
The race has settled into a tight race nationally with Obama well - positioned in the key battleground states , a historic enthusiasm gap , and a debate being waged on Obama ’s home turf – change .
In recent weeks , John McCain has shown that he is willing to go into the gutter to win this election .
His campaign has become nothing but a series of smears , lies , and cynical attempts to distract from the issues that matter to the American people .
But as Barack Obama said earlier this week “ enough is enough . ”
This election is too important and the challenges too big to spend the next 54 days talking about trivial non-issues .
Today is the first day of the rest of the campaign , and today we are releasing two new ads that go directly at the fundamental issue in this race : John McCain is out of touch with the American people and unable to address the challenges facing the country in the 21st century and bring about real change , and that Barack Obama is the candidate who will bring about change that works for the middle class .
We will respond with speed and ferocity to John McCain ’s attacks and we will take the fight to him , but we will do it on the big issues that matter to the American people .
We will not allow John McCain and his band of Karl Rove disciples to make this big election about small things .
Senator Biden will be integral to that effort , both in pushing back on the lies that we ’ll continue to see from our opponents , and in keeping the debate focused on delivering for everyday Americans .
After all , that ’s what Joe Biden has done throughout his career : passing the Crime Bill to put more cops on our streets , passing to the landmark Violence Against Women Act , and serving as a steadfast voice every day for those more concerned about the price of gas and saving for retirement than the latest political charade in Washington .
A Change Election with Two Converts
For the entire general election campaign , the McCain campaign has insisted that years in Washington should be the yardstick by which Americans measure their next President .
But in recent days , and with his selection of a running mate with no Washington experience , Senator McCain has abandoned his core argument .
Now he and his strategists have belatedly come to the realization that , after eight disastrous years , the American people are demanding change .
So the candidate who just months ago was openly boasting that he has been a faithful supporter of George W. Bush ’s policies , and would continue them as President , now is improbably scrambling to offer himself as the candidate who will deliver the change America needs – even as President Bush holds a fundraiser for him today in Oklahoma .
This is a debate we welcome .
It is the debate America needs .
For two decades , Barack Obama has challenged political insiders and outworn thinking to bring about real , meaningful change that helps people , not special interests .
From welfare reform , to tax relief for working families , to health care for children of working families who lacked coverage , Obama has been at the forefront of fights that have made a difference in the lives of everyday Americans .
In Washington , Obama has been a consistent opponent of the Bush policies that have hobbled our economy and weakened the middle class , and his proposals for the future would steer us away from that disastrous course .
He ’s challenged leaders of both parties by passing landmark reforms that took dead aim at the campaign contributions and favors through which corporate lobbyists have rigged the system .
He worked across the aisle to pass laws reining in no-bid contracts and opening the budget process to the American people .
And Obama has lived by those principles in this campaign , refusing the contributions of Washington lobbyists and political action committees and imposing those same rules on the Democratic National Committee .
Lobbyists do n’t run his campaign .
And when he ’s President , they wo n’t run his White House .
But what about John McCain ?
Can we really expect change from a Senator who supported the Bush policies 90 percent of the time ?
Who has said the Bush policies have brought about “ great progress economically ” and who just three weeks ago proclaimed the economy fundamentally strong ?
The fact is that while he mouths the word “ change , ” Senator McCain ’s record and proposals scream “ more of the same . ”
His plans for the economy , energy , health care , education and Iraq barely stray from the Bush policies that are in place today .
And can we really expect change from a candidate whose campaign is being run by some of the most powerful corporate lobbyists in Washington ?
While Senator McCain loudly declares that he will tell the special interests in Washington that their day is “ over , ” they are working overtime to elect him .
Seven of the top officials in his campaign are lobbyists .
Between them , they have lobbied for Big Oil , the drug and insurance industries , foreign governments — even Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
His campaign manager routinely lobbied for corporations who had business before the Senate Commerce Committee that McCain chaired .
Corporate Lobbyists and PACs have contributed millions of dollars to his campaign and the Republican National Committee on his behalf .
Does anyone believe they are spending their time , money and energy to put themselves out of business ?
That is not change .
It ’s more of the same .
A debate about delivering change is a debate we ’re happy to have .
Because no matter how many times McCain and Governor Palin use the word “ change ” or try to reinvent their own records , one thing stays the same : the fact that when it comes to the economy , education , Iraq , or the special interests ’ stranglehold on Washington , they both are stubborn defenders of the past eight years and they both promise more of the same .
One final note :
Senator McCain has called the news media “ his base ” because of the friendly treatment he has received .
And he undoubtedly is counting on his “ base ” to overlook the gulf between his newly minted “ change ” message , and the realities of his record and campaign .
His lobbyist - manager said Sunday that Governor Palin would only submit to questions about her record , statements and views when they determine that the news media will treat her with due “ deference ” - a startling and arrogant new standard for public officials in our democracy .
But we trust that the obvious conflicts between their rhetoric and records , their promises and their plans will not go unreported in the last 53 days of this campaign
President Clinton fumes over 9/11 families neglect David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday September 11 , 2008
Print This Email This Families of the victims of terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 are being neglected by government agencies , and President Clinton is taking issue with it .
CBS ' Lou Young reports .
" Tonight , a former president met with victims for whom 9/11 was only yesterday , " said Young .
" The Former President tonight tells me the needs of surviving victims are going unmet .
He 's especially upset that his 9/11 freedom scholarships are wrapped up in red tape . "
" We waste $ 110 million to guarantee that all the children and spouses who chose to , of people killed or disabled in America or around the world , will be able to get a college education .
And , there are serious problems with the way that fund is being administered , " said President Clinton . "
" And you 're not happy with it ? " asked a CBS reporter .
" No , " he replied .
" I mean , I 'm happy for the ones that have gotten a grant and have been helped -- there are hundreds of 'em who have -- but we have lots of problems with it . "
This video is from CBS 2 New York , broadcast September 10 , 2008 .
Download video
CHP warns of phone bill scam CALIFORNIA Caller with phony tale pirates your line
A warning from the California Highway Patrol :
If someone calls up claiming to be a CHP officer , phone company employee or even a jail inmate and tells you to hit " star - 72 " on your phone , do n't do it - it 's a scam .
Some people learned the hard way when they got huge phone bills for unauthorized calls , authorities said Friday .
The CHP is taking particular umbrage because some scam artists have masqueraded as one of the agency 's own , calling with supposed bad news such as the involvement of a relative or close friend in a crash .
The scammer tells the person to contact another " officer " by dialing star - 72 on the keypad , followed by another phone number .
But star - 72 is a custom feature for call forwarding .
When someone punches in star - 72 , it causes all incoming calls to ring at the other number .
Another person in on the scam is then able to accept collect and third - party calls - and the victim gets stuck with the bill .
" We 're trying to get the word out that the CHP will never call somebody and tell them your loved one 's been involved in a crash and that they need to call this number , " said CHP Sgt.
Trent Cross .
There are variations of this scam .
Callers have pretended to be inmates who contact people " accidentally " and then say they need help calling relatives because they can make only one call .
Scammers have also pretended to be a phone company technician who needs to check the phone line for problems and tells people to hit star - 72 or 72 - pound , depending on the service provider , so they can get " remote access . "
Others have pretended to be calling from a pay phone and claim they need help to make an emergency call .
Authorities recommend that anyone who is asked to punch a strange code into the phone hang up and report the call to law enforcement .
Those who believe they have fallen victim to the scheme should press star - 73 or 73 - pound to turn off the call - forwarding feature .
As a First - Term Senator , McCain Railed Against His Own Pork
Created : September 16 , 2008 08:58 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
On the campaign trail , Sen . John McCain frequently decries earmarks and pork - barrel legislation , proudly bragging that he has never requested a single earmark for his home state of Arizona .
However , a news article and a scathing editorial from The Arizona Republic during his first - term as the state ’s junior senator reveal that McCain did , in fact , go outside the normal legislative process to secure funding for at least one pet project for Arizona .
He also supported appropriations for at least two more — three projects that , much to his embarrassment , he later railed against as “ pork . ”
In 1991 , McCain was embroiled in the The Keating Five Scandal , in which he and four other senators were implicated in a corruption investigation connected to the Savings & Loan crisis .
Though McCain was cleared of wrongdoing in August , he was reprimanded by the Senate Ethics Committee for exercising poor judgment for meeting with federal regulators on behalf of one of his major fund - raisers , Charles Keating Jr. , the chairman of Lincoln Savings and Loan Association .
Keating would spend four and a half years in prison for fraud and racketeering following the bank ’s failure .
Facing re-election the following year , McCain sought to salvage his damaged reputation by re-branding himself as a champion of government reform and a foe of wasteful spending .
According to the article from The Arizona Republic dated June 14 , 1991 , McCain joined with two other senators and nine House members June 13 to introduce legislation to rescind more than $ 1 billion in funding for 325 federal pork - barrel projects in the 1991 budget that had not yet been spent .
“ Listen , my friends , the system is broke , and this is the way to start fixing it , ” McCain announced at a news conference .
“ There may be legitimate projects on this list , but I assure you , they are the exception and not the rule . ”
According to the article , within hours of the news conference , McCain ’s press secretary , Scott Celley , announced three Arizona projects on the list “ could be ‘ justified ’ and ‘ would pass muster ’ if they went through the traditional process of hearings . ”
In an interview , McCain said , “ I ’m not criticizing the projects , I ’m criticizing the process .
You can make a big - deal story about John McCain opposing three Arizona projects .
I ’m sure it will make good copy . ”
There was just one problem .
McCain had circumvented the “ traditional process of hearings ” to secure the funding for one of the Arizona pork projects he was now criticizing , and supported the other two .
Among the projects that made McCain ’s “ pork list ” were the construction of a forestry - science center at Northern Arizona University , the expansion of a border - crossing station at Mariposa , 10 miles west of Nogales , and the paving of a road in the Black Mesa area of the Hopi Indian Reservation , which for generations has been at the center of a land dispute between the Hopis and Navajos .
The projects were called pork because they were not subject to hearings , were awarded without competitive bidding , or were of purely local interest and not of national importance , among other reasons .
“ The funds for the dubious local projects were ‘ snuck through ’ the normal budget process , ” a McCain news release said .
However , McCain , along with Sen. Daniel Inouye , D - Hawaii , chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Indian Affairs , wrote a letter in July 1990 to Sen.
Frank Lautenberg , D - N.J. , chairman of an Appropriations subcommittee that oversees transportation funds , specifically asking for $ 5.5 million for the Black Mesa road …
The project was given $ 4.7 million , apparently through actions by Lautenberg outside the normal legislative process .
“ It seems pretty weird , ” said Bob Maynes , press secretary for Sen. Dennis DeConcini , D - Ariz. , who is increasingly at odds with McCain .
“ I just do n’t understand it .
He ( McCain ) appears to have done exactly what he is criticizing . ”
The article also notes that Celley , McCain ’s press secretary , said McCain had supported the NAU forestry center , but pointed to $ 4.5 million appropriated for its construction from the Federal Buildings Fund , as pork .
Celley said McCain also supported the $ 10.6 million expansion of the Mariposa border - crossing station .
McCain said he did n’t know what the Arizona projects were and said he would not comment on their merits .
“ I have no comment , because I do not know if they are good or bad or indifferent , ” McCain said .
“ They might be the most good and valuable project that all civilization rests on , I do n’t know , but if they did not go through the correct process , then I think they are wrong . ”
According to the article , this was apparently not the first time McCain had gone around the normal legislative process to fund pet projects .
Celley admitted that McCain has worked in the past to push appropriations through in whatever manner was necessary .
“ We have worked for them ( appropriations ) , ” he said .
“ Letters were written about these projects , and the senator may have talked with people to work their way through . ”
A June 15 , 1991 editorial from The Republic recounted the episode , lambasting McCain ’s hypocrisy .
While Mr. McCain spoke [ at the news conference ] , a news release from his office thundered that “ the funds for the dubious local projects were ‘ snuck through ’ the normal budget process . ”
In other words , these boondoggles had bypassed public hearings , the preferred practice for all 535 members when it comes to funding home - district projects that cannot stand on their own merits .
Much to his discomfort , Mr. McCain subsequently learned from a reporter that three Arizona projects were to be found on the diabolical list .
In fact , Mr. McCain himself had sought funding for one of them , $ 4.7 million for the Turquoise Trail road , which would link Navajo and Hopi Indian communities .
“ Oh , my God , is there three ? ” a chagrined Mr. McCain sputtered .
“ Oh…really ?
Is there really three in there ?
… I ’m just shocked . ”
Later on , the senator averred that what was really at issue was the “ process , ” not the projects themselves , although in the earlier news release he described the projects as “ dubious . ”
Finally , Mr. McCain even back - pedaled on whether they actually had “ snuck through ” the process .
Had Mr. McCain attacked the process and even singled out those three Arizona projects as examples of extravagant spending , he could have made an important point .
Instead , he was left defending his pet projects while criticizing everyone else ’s pork - barreling .
And that is precisely why Congress cannot get spending under control .
Even on McCain ’s signature issue — his supposed career - long opposition to pork — he is not telling the truth .
たとえば 「 Eugine Goostman」というマシンは、何百万もチャットのログを元に会話スタイルを確立させたもので、「トークショーの司会の父と婦人科医の母の間に生まれたSF小説好きの13歳のウクライナ人の男の子」という設定。Eugine Goostmanは10代の女子と11時間もチャットを続けた実績があり、 審判員だっ たTimes Onlineの記者に人間だと思い込ませることに成功したそうだ。この記者は、Eugine Goostmanはもう一人のチャット相手だった人間よりずっと人間らしかったとコメントしている。
また、今回の決勝では、チューリングテストをもう少しでパスしできそうだったマシンがいたそうだ。賞金10万ドルの金賞を獲得するには、審判の30%に「人間」と判定させる必要があるが、今年最優秀とされたマシンElbotは審判の25%に人間と思い込ませることに成功した。
近いうちにチューリングテストを通るマシンが出現しそうだが、AIというよりは「優秀なチャットマシン」というものだろうか。このような技術は高齢者の会話相手や、大量の文書を識別し意味を把握するような情報サービスなどへの活用が期待されている。
We just finished the first Europe Open Source Think Tank ( OSTT ) .
Andrew Aitken of Olliance and Alexandre Zapolsky of Linagora hosted a fantastic event .
I highly recommend it to anyone who can attend .
During the course of the two days a common theme I heard repeatedly was the difference between commercial Open Source businesses in Europe versus in the US .
The differences are best illustrated by examining different views on a number of concepts .
This is n’t a scientific survey , but reflects opinions I heard consistently from multiple people over the two days of the conference :
Concept / Idea European View United States View Primary reason for adopting Open Source .
Avoid vendor lock - in. Cost .
Key driver of commercial Open Source business creation .
Creation of a local software industry .
Venture capital / entrepreneur driven to create a big business and make money for investors .
Dual licensing business models .
Not true open source .
Proprietary business models using Open Source for PR and marketing .
Widely accepted as the most common Open Source business model .
Software sales model .
Channel oriented : VARs and SIs .
Direct .
Open Source business models .
Service and support subscription focused ; 100 % open source software .
US companies do n’t want to be in the services business .
The focus is on products , typically proprietary add - ons or an Enterprise Edition paired with an Open Source product edition .
Expectations around " Open Source " products .
All code is available under Open Source .
There is often a community governance of community participation model .
Same , but not necessarily all products are available under an Open Source license .
Commercially licensed versions of the products are commonly available .
Projects are managed by a commercial vendor .
Let ’s explore each of these in a bit more detail .
Primary reason for adopting Open Source .
The week prior to the OSTT I spent a few days with senior IT people from the financial services industry in New York .
The last two OSTTs in Napa both featured CIO panels .
In all three cases I heard a common theme that the primary driving factor for their adoption of Open Source was cost .
Likewise The 451 Group did a survey of CIOs regarding Open Source adoption and identified cost as their primary reason for selecting an Open Source alternative .
That ’s in stark contrast to what I heard this week at the Europe OSTT .
Cost is still important , but the Open Source nature of the software is more important ; specifically , the ability to have multiple vendors ( avoiding vendor lock - in ) and the ability to influence and support the direction of the project .
Key driver of commercial Open Source business creation .
I ’m somewhat biased living in Silicon Valley at the center of the information technology Venture Capital business , but in the US we are definitely driven to create Open Source businesses with venture capital .
The US has a large and successful existing proprietary software business .
Our motivation in the US is to build the next generation of software companies .
But in Europe that ’s not the case .
Here there is a natural desire to build a local software economy and Open Source offers that opportunity .
That ’s a major motivating factor in the adoption of Open Source .
Dual licensing business models .
Business models based on dual licensing ( either relicensing Open Source code under a commercial license or selling a commercial version of an Open Source project with added features ) have become commonplace in the US .
I definitely heard from the European attendees at the OSTT that there ’s a negative reaction among European customers to those models .
This contrasts with the US CIOs I talked with last week who were definitely more comfortable with getting their Open Source software from a vendor with a commercial license .
Software sales model .
Commercial Open Source in the US has relied heavily on an ability to disintermediate the software selling process and go direct to the buyers .
Interestingly enough that does n’t appear to have happened in Europe .
Here the buyers still seem to acquire software predominantly through VARs and SIs .
The direct model does not seem to be as widely accepted here .
Perhaps it ’s because the VARs and SIs in Europe are more heavily invested in Open Source than they are in the US .
Open Source business models .
Support and service subscription models clearly dominated the thinking among the Europeans here at OSTT .
This contrasts with our thinking in the US that services models are not scalable and that the models should be product based .
Expectations around " Open Source " products .
The bar for Open Source companies is clearly higher in Europe than in the US .
That is , expectations are that if a company is primarily an Open Source vendor that 100 % of their software is available under an Open Source license .
Further , that there is some community model or interaction model that allows a customer to participate in guiding the direction of the software .
Conclusions .
I ’ve said this many times : Europe and most of the rest of the world is ahead of the US in Open Source adoption .
This has been the case since I started tracking Linux usage numbers by country in the mid to late 90s .
I believe the attitude differences I observed at this OSTT reflect a more sophisticated view of Open Source than we have today in the US .
In the US the Open Source nature of the software is almost irrelevant to a company ’s buying decision .
The US buyers want better , cheaper software and a better relationship with vendors ; all of which Open Source helps create for them .
But they are not so interested in the source code itself nor in how access to the code created those benefits .
I believe the European Open Source software community has moved beyond that .
The European community sees those benefits , but in addition recognizes that the Open Source nature of the code is the driving factor behind those benefits .
As a result they have embraced Open Source to a degree the US market has not ; insisting in many cases on acquiring the software under an open source license , not an alternative commercial license .
It ’s great to see this level of sophistication among the commercial Open Source community in Europe , and I have hope that eventually the US market will catch up .
A new study focusing on the Southern Ocean by scientists from the University of New South Wales , Australia , in tandem with researchers from the University of Paderborn and the Technical University of Dresden in Germany , has found previously unknown gyres that could play a massive part in the planet ’s climate .
“ The water in the gyres does not mix well with the rest of the ocean , so for long periods these gyres can trap pollutants , nutrients , drifting plants and animals , and become physical barriers that divert even major ocean currents , ” says Dr Gary Froyland , a UNSW mathematician .
“ In effect , they provide a kind of skeleton for global ocean flows .
We ’re only just beginning to get a grip on understanding their size , scale and functions , but we are sure that they have a major effect on marine biology and on the way that heat and carbon are distributed around the planet by the oceans . ”
An oceanic gyre , according to Wikipedia , is any manner of swirling vortex .
There are many large gyres that are constantly affecting the planet ’s climate .
The best known major gyre is the North Atlantic Subtropical Gyre , which includes the Gulf Stream .
Fellow researcher Professor Matthew England , co-director of the UNSW Climate Change Research Centre , explains the Gulf Stream .
“ This current pumps massive amounts of heat towards Europe , warming the atmosphere and giving the region a relatively mild climate : to see how important that is , you only have to compare Portugal ’s climate to that of Nova Scotia , in Canada , which as roughly the same latitude , ” says Professor England .
“ After releasing heat to the atmosphere the waters re-circulate toward the equator , where they regain heat and rejoin the flow into the Gulf Stream .
In this way the ocean ’s gyres play a fundamental role in pumping heat poleward , and cooler waters back to the tropics .
This moderates the planet ’s extremes in climate in a profound way , reducing the equator - to - pole temperature gradients that would otherwise persist on an ocean - free planet . ”
Given that these gyres are able to hide from traditional methods of detection , some of the influence they exert could have been missed as well .
More Climate Science and Research at the GO Network
New Study Concludes Hurricanes are Becoming Stronger Due to Global Warming
Global Warming Hockey Stick Still Viable Despite Attacks
Earlier this week , a report at TechCrunch pointed out that a number of subdomains at GotGame.com pointed to generic Network Solutions pages with spammy text links .
A number of observers across the Internet found other sites that were hosted through Network Solutions and experiencing the same issue .
It appeared as if Network Solutions was taking advantage of its customers by hijacking subdomains and profiting from them without the domain owners ' permission .
Well , it turns out that that 's not entirely true .
The practice is outlined in the company 's Service Agreement , under Schedule A , number 11 :
You also agree that any domain name directory , sub - directory , file name or path ( e.g. ) that does not resolve to an active web page on your Web site being hosted by Network Solutions , may be used by Network Solutions to place a " parking " page , " under construction " page , or other temporary page that may include promotions and advertisements for , and links to , Network Solutions '
Web site , Network Solutions product and service offerings , third - party Web sites , third - party product and service offerings , and / or Internet search engines .
You agree that Network Solutions may change the content and / or appearance of , or disable any of these temporary pages at any time , in its sole discretion , and without prior notice .
Of course , we are all guilty of not reading service agreements and EULAs in their entirety , so it 's not surprising that some legalese buried in a 59,000 - word ( yes , we ran a word count ) document could easily be missed .
While the practice does indeed come off as a bit slimy , customers can take some steps to ensure that their domains are n't being used to make Network Solutions more money .
As the same service agreement points out , users who do n't want their subdomains to resolve to an " under construction " page controlled by Network Solutions can change those preferences in their account settings .
Indeed , a few of our readers who are Network Solutions customers confirmed that there is a checkbox in the account manager that lets the user opt out the company 's redirects
As for GotGame , Network Solutions has since " fixed " the issue , and unassigned subdomains now merely point to 404 pages .
Problem solved ?
It depends on how you look at it .
As noted by a number of observers , Network Solutions is n't the first registrar to use their customers ' domains for money - grubbing , and will likely not be the last ( unless ICANN makes some policy changes , anyway ) .
GoDaddy has done the same with customers ' subdomains in the past , and VeriSign once used to put up affiliate link pages on selected unregistered domains .
If your hosting company does n't offer an opt - out like the one provided by Network Solutions , you should be able to avoid having your subdomains " hijacked " by setting a wildcard DNS record so that all subdomains will resolve to the main site — although not all hosts will allow this .
If that 's the case , using a different DNS server than the ones provided by the your hosting company with should also do the trick .
Still , the bad press can't be good for Network Solutions ' already shaky reputation .
The company made a name for itself earlier this year by employing a new practice of immediately registering domains to itself that potential customers searched for on Network Solutions ' site , but did not yet register .
Network Solutions VP of Policy Jonathon Nevett defended the new policy as a " security measure " meant to protect customers from real domain name frontrunners , but ICANN further questioned the practice a month later after reviewing a report that said there was yet no evidence of " real " frontrunners .
Network Solutions insisted that it had received customer data proving that frontrunners were stealing their domains , but refused to turn the data over to ICANN 's Security and Stability Advisory Committee .
Via Mark Thoma , Joseph Stiglitz makes lots of claims .
Here is one of them :
For a quarter - century , there has
been a contest among developing countries , and the losers are clear :
countries that pursued neo-liberal policies not only lost the growth
sweepstakes ; when they did grow , the benefits accrued
disproportionately to those at the top .
He does not name the countries .
Is Chile supposed to be a loser ?
Or does he have the more corrupt Latin American states in mind ?
How about Ireland or for that matter the economic policies of Mrs.
Thatcher ?
Was it a mistake for so many states to drop communism ?
How many African nations — the real losers — have adopted neo-liberal policies ?
Do Singapore and Hong Kong count ?
Presumably China counts as a winner and of course it has a relatively strong state .
Oddly some of the communists saw capitalism as building the economic superstructure for socialism and then communism .
In reality the nominally socialist and communist government of China built the public sector superstructure to support a later capitalism .
Here ’s another claim Stiglitz makes :
One senior Chinese official was
quoted as saying that the problem was that the US government should
have done more to help low - income Americans with their housing .
I
agree .
In my view , while the private sector is largely to blame for what happened , the U.S. government has , over the years , done far too much to encourage the housing sector .
I guess Stiglitz thinks it should have done even more .
I find the content of his essay difficult to understand , on a number of levels .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Former Bush Speechwriter : ' Palin Not Up to Job of Being President ' "
( 16 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... MrYarbles said on 9/30/2008 @ 12:48 pm PT ...
Frum also wrote a book saying Bush was " The Right Man " .
So this dude 's opinion on anything is really suspect in my opinion , even if I happen to agree with the scoundrel .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Reuel said on 9/30/2008 @ 1:13 pm PT ...
A " former speech writer " ?
Who cares about just speeches .
Gov.
Palin does not need to be a fake .
She is just genuine .
Her actions as mayor and Gov. speaks louder than words .
Look !
Wall Street is in trouble because of failed Democrats policy of forcing Banks to loan money to people who were barely able to afford to repay their mortgages .
Gov. Palin's Alaska government is so economically sound that she is the type America needs as VP and President to lead the country .
The voters know better than to be influenced by slanted media all out to discredit a good candidate .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/30/2008 @ 1:19 pm PT ...
Yes , Bush 's " Axis of Evil " speechwriter , David Frum , is the " slanted media " .
Keep chuggin ' the kool - aid , Reuel .
Delicious !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 9/30/2008 @ 1:28 pm PT ...
i think palins action speak louder than words too as mayor she tried to ban books , and left the town ovr 22 million in debt for a sports arena that is built on land thats ownership is in dispute her hubby wants to suceed from the US she is already rovian about defying subpeonas / hiding emails she charged alaskans when she slept in her own bed ... lol she doesnt believe in science and so she is terrible for the enviroment she charged for rape kits and does not think even family planning should be legal as to her state being in good economic shape ..... the oil price is responsible for that , not palin
in fact i would like to know why she ripped off US taxpayers for that bridge money when alaska has plenty of its own money
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 9/30/2008 @ 2:05 pm PT ...
It would be a serious mistake to underestimate Sarah Palin .
She 's had a pattern in the past of iffy interview performance , followed by surprisingly lethal debate performances .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... KestrelBrighteyes said on 9/30/2008 @ 2:07 pm PT ...
According to a McCain aid , Sarah 's gone to debate camp for the next few days ( you just ca n't make this stuff up )
Hope she stocked up on her favorite lattes - skinny white chocolate mochas - for this .
She might want to consider switching to triple - shots until after she 's done cramming for finals - er , I mean , the debate .
SNL has n't had this much material to work with since Dan Quayle !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Drew Fagan said on 9/30/2008 @ 3:29 pm PT ...
John McCain is a former pilot .
He understands the complexities of flying a jet aircraft .
Although he would be baffled by much of what is in the cockpit of a modern jetliner , he at least would know the basics .
America is like a jetliner .
And the President is like its pilot .
We rely on whomever we elect to that office to know how " fly the plane " .
John McCain 's choice of Sarah Palin as his " co-pilot " is analogous to the captain of a jetliner putting a student pilot of a single engine , fixed wing private plane in the number two seat , blindfolded .
John McCain should ask himself if he would trust her .
And we should ask why we ought to trust him for making such a dangerous choice .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/30/2008 @ 3:53 pm PT ...
And , Drew , he so totally sucks as a pilot !
Word is he crashed three fighters in Vietnam , and the way he became a POW was from hotdogging , not on a mission .
He 's never had good judgment , and I question even his understanding of the basics of piloting , since he screwed up so many times .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/30/2008 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
Oh , yipes , I was wrong on that one by a mile !
He crashed FIVE of them .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... LarryMo said on 9/30/2008 @ 5:19 pm PT ...
Yep , Agent 99 ... McCain is a " Reverse Ace " - lost FIVE planes .
He said when he was shot down over North Viet Nam , it was because he was n't smart enough to " jink " when he knew anti-aircraft had him locked in .
As far as Palin goes , how DARE the drive - by media stage ambush attacks , and do " gotcha " stories ??
I mean , the CITIZEN who asked a cogent , educated question is now being referred to in a way that makes him sound like some wino out in the parking lot , shouting rude questions .
Serves that Gotcha Guy right , I suppose .
Palin will do better than McGrumpy did in one regard , I 'll bet .
She , at least , will actually LOOK at her adversary .
Wanna bet ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... JohnLopresti said on 9/30/2008 @ 8:24 pm PT ...
I wonder what is being promised to the governor by the debate trainers , with respect to the Cheney 4th branch thesis of the vice - presidency .
I think Crew 's case * goes to hearing about 1 week before election .
I wonder what the state of AK might be doing to assure an archivist has custody of government records there .
___
* http://jurist.law.pitt.edu/forumy/2008/09/end-of-history-vice-president-and.php
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/1/2008 @ 3:45 pm PT ...
Interviews of palin she clearly show contempt for the media just like bush !
Hmmm ... I wonder why . . .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/1/2008 @ 3:55 pm PT ...
I wonder what is being promised to the governor by the debate trainers , Fish ... Mackerel ...
Like with a trained seal . . .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Rick in Canada said on 10/1/2008 @ 7:34 pm PT ...
I know the GOP wants the debate to go away ; Palin can always use the family emergency .. head - licking child 's hairball ..
But , I wonder if she will just show off her great understanding of economics ..
( picture Tina Fey Ok , so who wants to bet she is ' needed ' to help pass the Bail - out / rescue / Save a Billionaire fund / We are the Wall Street ..
We are the children .. etc..
Weeel , when Trig spent more of his allowance than he had I had to go pay his friend a lot of money for the ' dime bags ' he had given him .. if they were just a dime there must have been lots and lots .. oooh weeel .
We need to create jobs , and if these See - ye - hoes do n't get their parachutes they may just fall to the ground and wo n't be able to work ..
My grampa got a gold watch from the railway but it was n't real gold ..
Yup .
I think it 's like in nature ; if you shoot too many moose and deer , you have to do something , so get those planes and helicopters out and start shooting wolves .
This is just the same ..
I think ..
Taaaad ?
Who would the wolves be in this anal - o - gee ?
I personally think that some US Americans may not have hedge funds .. but our education system should show them how to get them from the South Africa and such like .. and the Iraq .. and to help our ...
I know people say we do n't have the money , but if it 's just Washington , they should just get a federal grant to pay for it ..
( What ?
Wrong Washington ?
Shoot , just like Georgia ..
Whoo knew ??
At least they did n't burn Atlanta again ..
That Dr Shivago was so sad .. nice snow for Georgia though ..)
I think that the Palin / McCain administration will have lots of overlooking on all these regurgitives and slush funds ..
I think that 's what Uncle John said .
If we start drilling now we will soon have lots of oil to send to China to pay off our Wallmart bill .
Fish just love those oil rigs ya- noo , and if you put 220 volts into the steel they pop up just nice to be eaten , just how Jesus would fish .. if he had been on an oil rig .. guess he would n't need one eh ?
Carry on
Cheers ,
Rick --------------------
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uApZuZ6RPy4
' Sorry about your white house .
I see you 've re-built it .
It 's very nice . '
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Vania said on 10/2/2008 @ 2:11 am PT ...
I know people say we do n't have the money , but if it 's just Washington , they should just get a federal grant to pay for it ..
( What ?
Wrong Washington ?
Shoot , just like Georgia ..
Whoo knew ??
At least they did n't burn Atlanta again ..
That Dr Shivago was so sad .. nice snow for Georgia though ..)
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/2/2008 @ 1:47 pm PT ...
In another terrible week for murders , the Guardian 's former prison columnist was given rare access to young offenders who have used knives
In another venue , the group of young men sitting around the table chatting amiably would look like any group of ordinary teenagers who might meet up in a college or a club .
The difference is that this table is in B wing of Parc young offenders institution , near Bridgend in Wales , and the young men are serving sentences ranging from two years to life .
We are talking about knife crime , of which most of them have first hand experience .
They are aware of the concerns people outside have about the levels of violence among young people , but say that is just how it is .
" You 've got to have protection , " says Justin , who recounts an attack on one of his friends in a burger bar when another boy took some of his friend 's fries .
" He was stabbed in the stomach , " he says .
" He almost died , and nobody was arrested . "
Justin was 14 when he was arrested for attempted murder .
The biggest surprise is that violence , and offences involving knives in particular , are so widely accepted as part of life among these young people .
Carrying a knife , and being prepared to use it , appears to have become routine for a significant number of teenagers .
I asked if anybody had any ideas of how to stop it .
" Brooke Kinsella 's right , " says Daniel , 19 , who is serving three years for burglary .
The others start to nod .
" They should make us go in the army , do some army training . "
Kinsella , the former EastEnders actor whose brother , Ben , was stabbed to death , made an impassioned plea : " I want politicians to consider bringing back national service .
If these evil people want to fight so badly , let them fight for their country . "
I asked the group if any of them considered themselves to be evil .
" We 're not evil , " says , Kevin , 19 , who is serving four years for wounding .
" I never really wanted to hurt anybody when I was fighting .
But it 's different now .
" When my dad was a lad and he had disputes , there was rules .
He went over the fields and they fought with their fists .
Now people are more frightened and they carry weapons in case it gets out of hand .
The rules have changed . "
Luke , 20 , from Bristol
Serving four years for wounding
I 'd never been in trouble before .
This thing happened in a moment of madness .
I worked in the building trade .
I took home two grand a month .
Do n't smoke .
I never touched a drug in my life .
I like a few beers , but I never went over the top .
When this happened I was working away in London for the whole week .
I came back and was going to go out with my girlfriend , but she was going out herself .
I thought stuff it , I 'll go out myself .
I got into town and met some of the boys .
They had been out for a while so I was playing catch up , drinking loads , a bit faster than them .
And then we went clubbing , we were having a wicked night .
No drama , until I went to the kebab shop after .
There was a group of lads there and straight away you could tell something was going to kick off .
It went quiet as me and my mate walked in .
I knew it was going to start .
One of them was giving me the awkward eye , looking at me ; I could see him out of the corner of my eye .
I looked over to him and said , ' Aright ? '
And he got real funny with me , so I was like , oh , fuck this .
I just said fuck off then , whatever , and I looked at his mate and he pushed me in the back .
And then like , I said ' What 's you 're problem ? '
I got frightened then , I realised there was loads of them , so I was like , ' I do n't want to fight .
There 's loads of you , just leave it , leave it . '
And ' cos there was loads of them I put my hand in my pocket and on my keys I had a little blade to cut cardboard boxes at work .
I was drunk , but I put it in my hand , clutched it in my fist .
If you ask me truthfully , I just do n't know what I was thinking , I really do n't .
I had it clutched in my hand , ready to go .
I was urging them to stop .
I could see a guy standing to the left of me with his fist clenched .
So I thought , I 'll watch him , I 'll watch him .
Then he hit me , and I just whacked straight back at him and the blade went straight in his eyeball and blinded him .
And that 's the biggest mistake of my life .
I do n't know what else to say really , I 'm so sorry for what I did to him .
If I was sober I would n't have done that , no way would I have done that .
I found out at court that he went back to his friend 's house and stayed there all night before he went to hospital the next day .
I remember glimpses of him , and , he was just stood there like , bleeding down his face .
Then my mate dragged me away and we jumped in our car and left .
When I heard how serious it was I turned myself in .
Since I 've been in here I 've had my eyes opened .
I 've driven my car outside before after drinking , but there are guys in here doing six years for drunk driving and running someone over .
When I get out I will never do anything wrong ever .
I 've worked hard to make sure things are going to be alright when I get out .
I 've had a lot of help in here .
I 've run marathons on the running machine in the gym for charity .
There is a 22 week army course in here which I have done and the army careers man said they would take me if I keep going the way I have .
My dream when I get out is to be in the army and one day be a sergeant .
Martin , 19
Serving three and a half years for wounding
I 'm in for a stabbing .
I stole my first car when I was 12 .
I hung around with people a lot older than me then .
I think I was used a bit , but I thought about myself as one of the boys .
I moved out of my mother 's ' cos I did n't get on with my step - father , and I moved in with my father .
And that 's when I started getting into trouble .
I 've got a younger brother and sister but they have n't been in trouble , just me .
I got arrested after stealing my first car , but it did n't put me off .
I loved the buzz of getting chased .
Sometimes I got caught , sometimes I got away .
I stole fast cars , sometimes just a couple of years old .
It was a real buzz .
It was just my life , that 's how it was .
I got arrested loads of times , they gave me cautions at first , but after I had to go to court .
This is my ninth time , but my first time for serious violence .
What happened was , one night I was out drinking with all my mates , and having a good time and that , and then one of the boys offered us back to his house for a party .
We went there and it was all right , there was music and some girls and this guy was there with a couple of his mates .
We was just having a good time .
I left and went to get some more money to get some more drink and when I got back to the party I could n't see my mates .
I had another drink and then one of the girls said her phone had gone missing .
The guy was still there , standing outside the front of the house with his two mates , so I went out and asked them if they had taken it .
He denied it .
He said : " Are you calling me a thieving bastard ? "
I lost it then and started fighting with him and then his two mates joined in and I knew I was getting jumped .
I managed to pull myself away and ran back in the house to see if I could find my two mates , but they still were n't there .
As I walked back through the kitchen , I thought the only way to protect myself was to pick something up to hit them , I though it would just scare them off .
As I went outside I pulled the knife out and he just come running towards me .
As he swung for me I stabbed him in his shoulder .
I was so off it I went back into the house to the party .
I was arrested about 10 minutes later .
When he phoned the ambulance the police came as well .
The knife went through his arm , through his shoulder and out the other side .
As I pulled it back out the blade snapped and stayed in him , so he had to have surgery as well .
They said if it had been a couple of inches over to the left I 'd be doing life .
I pleaded guilty .
I was lucky to get the sentence I got .
I offered in court to apologise , but nothing came back .
My girlfriend is pregnant and she 's waiting for me .
That gives me hope .
Aftab , 19
Serving four years for drugs offences
I 've been stabbed , when I was 15 .
I had trouble with this guy before .
We had arguments .
We used to be friends , well not friends , but we knew each other , living in the same area and hanging out together sometimes .
I was just going round doing my business .
A few times I got in trouble with the police - I was just trying to make a living .
Then me and this guy , him and his friends , I think they started to see me as a rival .
There was bad feeling , they made threats .
I was n't worried .
I could look after myself .
Then one day he came up to me in the street and we started arguing .
He got too close , so I spat in his face and we started fighting .
I had a couple of my mates with me and they broke it up , pulled me off , and he left .
A few weeks later , I 'm walking down the street with my mates , and this car pulls up and it's him .
He 's got his friend with him .
The two of them get out and I started fighting with the one I 'd spat at , and then the other one comes over .
I never felt it .
I thought he slapped me , and then he started jabbing into me .
I was on the ground .
He was punching at me .
My top was ripped but I did n't feel a thing .
I did n't know at first that my top was ripped , then I saw it , but I did n't know , I could n't feel what he was doing to me .
Then one of my mates shouted : " You 're stabbed . "
It was at the side of my back , here .
I put my hand over it like that and it was all wet , and hot ..
It was all wet , and hot with my blood .
As soon as I knew , I felt like a victim .
When they heard my friends shouting , they ran back to the car and drove off .
I lay there , I felt sick .
Then the ambulance came and took me to hospital .
When I woke up my father was there , he was upset , and angry .
I was n't angry , but I felt like a victim .
It did n't make me want to carry a knife afterwards , not really .
I did n't want that kind of trouble .
I still did my business after .
I did n't think about prison , about getting caught dealing .
But now I 'm in , it does n't bother me .
I do n't want to come back , but I 'm out in 2010 and then I 'll have to see what happens .
Jason , 19
Serving four years for grievous bodily harm
I 've been in here a year .
I do n't like it .
I 'm a scaffolder on the out .
Now I 'm doing four years .
Someone approached me and accused me of robbing his DVD player .
I did n't rob it but I had it like and I was n't giving it back .
And he went off and phoned his brother to get his back up .
I left and got in my car and drove away .
Later I was driving down the road with my father and I seen 'em .
So I thought this has got to be sorted so I pulled over .
I got out and called over to them , I said this has got to be sorted out .
My old man came over and then the guy got a bit of fencing and battered my old man over the head with it .
So they were having a little tussle on the floor and his brother came running over and started kicking my old man when he was down .
So I went and pulled out the knife I kept in my works bag , that I take to work to cut the heavy line .
I just stabbed him , and I stabbed his brother .
I stabbed him once through his lung , and once through his forearm , and then his brother I stabbed him once through his arse and once through his leg .
To me I thought I was using reasonable force .
When I saw my father getting hurt , I just thought I had to do what I had to do .
Then I left them there in the street and got in my car and drove off .
When the police came for me it was attempted murder .
It was on a main road and there were about 14 witnesses .
I did explain to the police that I did n't even know that I had done so much damage .
Till I got to the police station I thought I had only stabbed one of them .
When they say to me , explain how it happened , I think , well you 've never been in that situation .
You turn blank .
I honestly thought I had only stabbed one of them .
I did n't even know I stabbed one of them twice and then the other one twice .
It was a big shock when I was sitting in the police station and they read it all out .
When I got remanded I had letters from the lawyers saying I was looking at nine years or at least six years .
When I went to court the lawyer told me to brace myself for a six year IPP ( Indeterminate sentence for the Protection of the Public with a six year tariff ) .
In the end I only had four years , as a lot of people in the community supported me .
But when I look back I 'm gutted by what I did .
They said that a fraction to the left on one boy it would have cut his main artery .
The other had an embolism in his brain caused by the knife wound , but he recovered , thank God .
They could easily have both died and I would be doing 30 years .
I see myself as being a dangerous person but I do n't like it .
I do n't want people to think I 'm dangerous .
In here I 've done violence reduction and drug reduction .
Out there it is all about reputation , do n't fuck with me like , but I want to walk away in future if there is trouble .
I think it 's more of a man to walk away .
Kevin , 19
Serving three years for burglary
From the age of 11 I 've been in crime till now .
I started with theft , then car crime and things like that .
I do n't know when I am going to stop .
I think , on the out , I needed help with my psychology and things like that , but I did n't get it , there was no one there to help me .
So for me its sort of an achievement , coming to prison .
Because you can get qualifications .
I 've done the Enhanced Thinking Skills course , and drug awareness course .
I 've done education , writing and other learning .
And I 've had help from talking to people .
I was stabbed when I was 16 and owed a drug dealer £ 60 .
He sent his son to beat me up .
Me and him ended up fighting .
I 'd been in trouble before that .
But I was n't really into fighting .
But I 'd always carried knives , ' cos I felt scared of other people , for my own protection .
All my boys , all my friends , carry knives , to blend in .
Anyway , when the the drug dealer 's son came for me it was in the street .
I 'd just left our house when he jumped out of a car and confronted me .
I stood up to him , but then he pulled out a knife and stabbed me in the side , and that was about it .
I went down , I was n't sure what happened .
When I felt the blood I realised I was hurt .
I was as angry , I wanted to do it back to him .
But I never had a knife on me .
Some people gathered round and then I woke up in hospital they told me that the tip of the knife grazed my gut .
The police asked who it was , but I never told them , I did n't want it to go further .
Nobody apologised to me afterwards , and nothing was done about it .
I just left it .
It was one of those things that happens to people like me .
After that , though , I never went anywhere without a knife .
The kind of knives I carried were like kitchen knives , penknives you buy in stores , stuff like that .
· Erwin James 's blog can be found at erwinjames.co.uk
In a previous post I explained the the dreaded diamond dependency problem .
In this post I 'll look at a solution .
Ever seen an error like when building a package ?
Could n't match expected type `bytestring - 0.9.0.4:Data.ByteString.ByteString ' against inferred type ` ByteString '
Or when configuring a package ?
Warning :
This package indirectly depends on multiple versions of the same package .
This is highly likely to cause a compile failure .
package pureMD5 - 0.1.2 requires bytestring - 0.9.0.4 package binary - 0.4.1 requires bytestring - 0.9.1.0 package cabal2arch - 0.3 requires bytestring - 0.9.1.0
These failures were pretty common .
So the good news is that the latest release does solve the problem .
It contains a completely new package dependency resolution algorithm based on constraint solving .
The problem space is this : we 've got a bunch of packages , say A , B , C , D .
We 've got a bunch of versions of of those packages , let 's say :
A - 1.0 , A - 1.1
B- 1.0
C -1.0 , C - 2.0 .
D-1.0 , D - 1.1
Each package version has dependencies on other packages along with version constraints , for example A - 1.0 might need C >= 1 and A - 1.1 might need C >= 2 .
Then given a goal like A >= 1 , we have to pick exactly one version of package A and one version of C and so on recursively until we have picked a package version to satisfy each dependency .
So even if we can get to a package by following two different dependency paths , we must end up picking the same version .
That 's what it means to avoids inconsistent dependencies .
Of course the version we pick for a package has to satisfy the version constraints of all the packages that depend on it .
The problem space can actually get extremely large .
In theory each choice about a package version is independent .
In the above example supposing we have to pick a version of A , B , C and D then we have two choices for A , one choice for B and two choices for C and D which gives us 2 * 1 * 2 * 2 combinations overall .
It is clear that we cannot explore the entire space of combinations because it 's exponential in size .
That may not seem important for this example with just 4 packages but there are over 700 packages on hackage and we'd like to be able to install most of them at once .
We need to apply some smarts .
Note that this is actually an NP - complete problem .
It 's possible to encode 3 - SAT into the package dependency problem .
Fortunately most real instances are fairly easy so we need not give up hope .
Ultimately we have to make choices between versions of a package and we have to end up with a consistent set of choices ( or fail ) .
It makes sense therefore to keep track of which versions of which packages are still valid choices .
We can make the problem easier if we can eliminate choices that we know would lead to impossible or inconsistent solutions .
We can propagate information both up and down the dependency graph to help us eliminate choices .
For example supposing we looked at D - 1.0 and D - 1.1 and we discovered that D - 1.0 could not possibly be built on our operating system but D - 1.1 could .
If later on we discover we need some version of D then we only have one possibility so we can pick it right away .
More interestingly , it might also allow us to eliminate a choice higher up .
Supposing for the sake of argument that C - 1.0 needed D - 1.0 and would not work with D - 1.1 then by eliminating D - 1.0 we can also eliminate C - 1.0 .
In the downwards direction , consider the effect of picking A - 1.1 rather than A - 1.0 .
We said earlier that A - 1.0 needs C >= 1 and A - 1.1 might need C >= 2 .
So making this choice for A eliminates C - 1.0 .
One class of strategies is to make a series of firm choices and try to build up to a consistent solution .
If we do this with no backtracking then we will always run in polynomial time , but there will always be cases where we cannot find solutions even though a solution exists .
The chance of us finding a solution in this kind of strategy depends on the order in which we make the choices .
The algorithm
The strategy I 've adopted is to make package choices in a top down order .
It is a kind of mixture between breadth first and depth first search .
We have a set of packages that we know we will need and a set of specific package versions we 've already picked .
We also maintain a set of constraints on all the packages .
This lets us know what versions are available for each package that we 've yet to decide about .
In each round we pick a package and choose one version of it and update our set of constraints and if the package we picked depends on a new package then we add that to the pending package set .
When there is a package we know we need and there is only one version left then we pick it .
That 's the easy case .
The hard case is when all remaining packages have at least two versions we could pick .
Here we just have to pick something and hope for the best .
First of all , we have to decide which package we 're going to make a choice for .
A good heuristic here is to decide on packages higher up the dependency graph earlier since their dependencies impose constraints on later choices .
We can do this by caching the depth first numbering for each package .
Once we 've decided on which package to go for then we have to decide which version to pick .
The most sensible thing is to pick the highest version , however there is a complication with installed packages that I 'll come back to later .
Results
So this algorithm produces pretty good results in most cases .
It always runs in polynomial time and because of the way it gathers constraints it is guaranteed that if it finds a solution that it will be a valid consistent solution .
The old dep solver which would very often come up with inconsistent solutions .
Remember : consistent solutions avoid the diamond dependency problem .
Another good thing to gathering constraints is that when we fail we have some information about why we failed because we know which additional constraint made the constraint set inconsistent .
We can translate that into a human readable error message , though not necessarily a particularly brilliant one .
By manually adding additional constraints we can also guide the solver to find solutions it would not otherwise find , or to avoid failure .
In a sense this is just a hack to work around the fact that the solver is n't even better , but in the mean time it 's pretty handy .
You can play around and get a sense of what the algorithm is doing if you run cabal install -- dry - run -v pkg1 pkg2 etc and look at the intermediate output and the final solution .
The biggest test I 've tried so far is trying to install all of hackage simultaniously .
It takes several seconds to find a solution , which is not too bad .
I had to discard about 30 packages to arrive at a consistent set .
Adding any one of the discarded ones back leads to inconsitent dependencies , for example conflicts over which version of HaXml is required .
There are also many packages that simply cannot ever be installed because they have missing dependencies .
Installed packages
So what about installed packages ?
I mentioned that there 's a complication there .
We often have to decide between picking an already installed version of a package and the available one from hackage ( even if they are the same version ) .
If we pick the installed version then we immediately pick up a lot of precise constraints , because the installed package depends on exact versions .
That is often enough to prevent us from finding a solution .
Indeed in the diamond dependency examples I gave previously it was clear that to find a consistent solution we would have to rebuild some existing installed package .
So we can not default to preferring installed packages .
A simple observation is that the available package always has looser constraints than the installed version , so it 's always safe to pick the available version over the installed version .
We can always ' improve ' our solution at the end if we find the constraints we end up with are consistent with the constraints of the installed version .
And that is what we do .
There is a further issue however .
If ultimately we would like the option to use the installed version then we had better pick the same version of the available package and not just the highest available version .
What we do is allow a per-package preference for the highest available version or the highest available version that has a corresponding installed version .
For the ' install ' command we prefer the latest version for the packages explicitly given and the installed version for all others .
For the ' upgrade ' command we prefer the latest version everywhere .
That seems to work pretty well , though I 've found people do get somewhat confused when cabal - install decides to re-install a package they already have .
What is not clear to them is that it is rebuilding a package against different versions of its dependencies .
Probably the thing to do is to make that clearer in the output of cabal install -- dry - run .
Improvements
There are still plenty of improvements that could be made .
The algorithm currently does not deal well with installing packages for older compilers because it finds out too late that a package it choose could only work with a newer version of the base library .
The solution there is some bottom up constraint propagation .
We should check at the beginning that each package version could possibly be installed with the current compiler and if not eliminate it .
There are still real cases where we end up with an avoidable conflict .
For example we might have two packages that need HaXml , lets say Foo needs HaXml = 1.13 .* while there are two versions of Bar , one that works with HaXml = 1.13 .* and a later version that needs HaXml >= 1.16 .
If we end up picking Bar before
Foo then we would default to the later version of HaXml but then fail when we find Foo needs the earlier version .
This is not solved by the ordering heuristic because Foo and Bar do not depend on each other .
This is an example where we need either more look ahead , backtracking or a much more sophisticated algorithm in general .
The right long term approach I think is a proper complete constraint solving algorithm .
Dictionary has been part of Mac OS X since 10.4 and there is a feature that not many Mac users know about .
When you are in any of Cocoa ( Mac native ) applications you can hover your mouse above a word and press Ctrl - Cmd - D on your keyboard .
You will get the Dictionary description for that word .
Just move your mouse over to any other word and the Dictionary description for that word is displayed instantly .
You do n’t need to have the Dictionary open at all .
A few examples where this works are ; Safari , Mail.app , MacJournal , TextEdit , Text Wrangler , Comic Life , iWeb , etc .
Unfortunately it does n’t work with any of the Mozilla applications , including Firefox , Camino and Flock .
Invert screen
Another function that not many Mac users know is “ Invert screen ” .
Just press Ctrl - Option - Cmd - 8 on your keyboard and see your Mac invert its colours .
One could ask – Why would you ever want to do this ?
It comes very handy when your eyes are tired and some genius has been experimenting with background and text colours on his or her website … MySpace anyone ?
It is also irreplaceable tool in photography , during the post production editing .
If you have a large , bright picture and you are trying to locate any dark spots that you need to clone out ( e.g. sensor dust , birds in the sky , etc. ) it gets really tough on your eyes after a few minutes .
Reverse colours and look for bright spots on the dark background – they stand out like Christmas lights at night .
It would be funny if you did this in Apple store and watched the salesperson freaking out .
Slow motion
When you want to minimise a window , simply click on the yellow button in the top left corner .
The window quickly goes down to the right end of your dock using either scaled or genie effect .
But if you hold down the shift key while clicking the window will minimise in slow motion , approximately five times slower than the normal speed .
Text clipping
I love telling this to my friends Windows users .
I ask them how would they save a piece of text from the document they are viewing at the moment , for example a web page .
Their answer is usually something like : “ Oh , easy .
You select the text , right click and copy .
Then you go to the desktop , right click and select New |
Text file , give the file some name and click away .
Now you double click the file to open it , paste the text in there and save it .
Simple , is n’t it ? ”
Then I show them how to do it on Mac .
I select the text and drag it to the desktop and that ’s it .
Dropped jaws everywhere .
If you want to include this text somewhere , say in an email , you simply drag the file into your composed email .
Simple as that .
Screen capturing
This is my favourite of the Mac goodies .
There are few ways to capture the screen on Mac .
Firstly , you can capture the whole screen .
Simply press Cmd - Shift - 3 on your keyboard and the screen will be captured in a PNG file and saved on your desktop as something like Picture 1.png .
As of Mac OS X Snow Leopard ( 10.6 ) this file is named Screenshot -< date >-< time >.png .
You can also capture a selection , just press Cmd - Shift - 4 on your keyboard and you will see a small cross hair selector on your screen .
Select the area you want to capture and let go , the file will be saved on your desktop , again something like Picture 1.png .
As of Mac OS X Leopard ( 10.5 ) you also get the infomration on the picture size ( in pixels ) which changes as you move the crosshair .
And finally you can capture the active window .
Simply follow the steps above and once you see the cross hair , press the space bar and you will get a camera icon .
Hover the camera above any window and the window will get the gray overlay indicating it ’s in hot - spot .
You can even capture the window that is in the background , as long as a part of it visible and allows you enough room to hover the camera icon over it .
Click on it and the window will be captured .
Again , the file will be safely placed on your desktop as … good guess , Screenshot -< date >-< time>.png
However , if you ’d like to capture the screen ( or part of it ) to the clipboard rather than to desktop , simply hold the Control key down while capturing , i.e. Shift - Ctrl - Cmd - 4 .
This is very handy when you need to paste it straight into an email or any other document .
John McCain actually voted against key legislation that paved the way for the BlackBerry .
As chairman , McCain left mixed legacy
To those who express doubts about his economic acumen , John McCain has a simple answer : “ I was chairman of the Commerce Committee , which oversights all of the commercial aspects of America ’s economy , ” he said in a “ 60 Minutes ” interview that aired Sunday .
It ’s a bit of an exaggeration — the Senate Commerce Committee does n’t have primary jurisdiction over the financial services industry , which is at the heart of today ’s economic crisis — and it ’s also a more complicated story than McCain ’s declaration might suggest .
Advertisement
McCain wielded the gavel at the Commerce Committee from 1997 to 2001 and again from 2005 to 2007 .
Supporters credit him with being open - minded and say he ran the committee with a steady , moderate hand during his stints in the chair .
But critics who worked with the committee at the time contend that McCain avoided policy debates and sometimes seemed apathetic — and that his staff was too cozy with lobbyists .
One thing is certain : McCain ’s tenure is not as simple to encapsulate as McCain ’s economic adviser , Douglas Holtz - Eakin , tried to make it seem last week , when he held up a BlackBerry and credited its invention to McCain ’s work on the committee .
In fact , McCain voted against key legislation that paved the device ’s way .
“ Being the chair of that committee is very , very important , ” said former Federal Communications Commission Chairman Reed Hundt , who served for nine months with McCain at the helm of Commerce and now advises the Obama campaign .
“ And if it were true that John McCain had championed the opening up of new markets or technology , that would be a good thing .
It just is not true . ”
BlackBerry creation is not the only questionable claim the McCain campaign has made about his work on the committee .
“ Under John McCain ’s guiding hand , ” his website states , “ Congress developed a wireless spectrum policy that spurred the rapid rise of mobile phones and Wi-Fi technology . ”
But a former FCC senior staffer , who would talk candidly only if not quoted by name , called this a serious overstatement , noting that the nascent wireless spectrum was first made available in 1985 , and that the FCC increased its size for “ unlicensed national information infrastructure devices ” in January 1997 — just as McCain was assuming the chairmanship .
Experts who have worked with the committee or follow its deliberations paint a picture of McCain ’s tenure as unremarkable and sometimes contradictory — and often ( but not always ) fueled by a deregulatory bent .
“ He tended not to be a leader , strangely enough , ” said the Heritage Foundation ’s James Gattuso , who covers regulatory issues for the conservative think tank .
“ You had a lot of initiatives where it would be [ former Sen . ]
George Allen or [ Sen . ]
John Sununu or some other Republican taking [ the lead ] on a particular issue .
Maybe he was picking his battles carefully , but he was n’t out front , which was strange . ”
Gattuso described McCain ’s approach to issues as principled and flexible .
Others say he was a populist deregulator .
“ I think his tenure is similar to statements he ’s made on the economy , ” said Ivan Schlager , a former committee staff director who now is a lobbyist at Skadden , Arps .
“ He ’s a deregulator , but when he sees where government should intervene , or people have gotten greedy , he has a populist streak to him . ”
Harold Furchtgott - Roth , who served as FCC commissioner from 1997 to 2001 , agrees that McCain has been “ more consistent for deregulation than a lot of other politicians . ”
But he warns against drawing too straight of a line between McCain ’s deregulatory bent on the Commerce Committee and his general stance on the idea of regulation .
Michael Powell , who served as FCC commissioner from 2001 to 2005 and now advises the McCain campaign , agrees .
McCain ’s “ free market philosophies , if I was to make an interpretation , I do n’t even think they were always some grand philosophical view , ” Powell said .
“ I think he tended to be skeptical of regulators and their effectiveness .
I think he was very strongly bent to putting the burden of proof on government officials . ”
With authority over a wide swath of American economic interests , the Commerce Committee is considered one of the less partisan outfits in Congress .
Typically , it is made up of members from the more rural states , often those in the West .
“ It ’s a practical committee , ” said former Sen. Larry Pressler ( R - S.D. ) , who relinquished the chairmanship to McCain in 1997 .
Although Pressler generally supported greater regulation than did McCain , he praised his successor , saying McCain “ followed the path of moderation , as far as I could see . ”
Although the Obama campaign has gleefully showcased a few McCain gaffes to question his grasp of economics , Pressler said McCain ’s experience as committee chairman gave him a good understanding of the economy .
“ I think he knows the economy well , ” Pressler said .
“ He has been exposed to all the telecommunication and transportation issues . ”
McCain first joined the committee in 1987 .
Before becoming chairman in 1997 , he had a reputation as one of the panel ’s irrepressible grumblers .
He struck some observers as volatile and irritable .
“ He would come in and get angry and , you know , sometimes tongue lash the witnesses or other members , and then he would leave , ” said Hundt , the former FCC chairman .
“ I remember when he became chair , ” said Gattuso , “ and it was like , how could anybody imagine John McCain in that position ? ”
But Hundt and others said elevation to the chairmanship mollified McCain — perhaps to a fault .
At times , they said , he seemed aloof .
“ He never engaged in policy , ” said a former well - placed Democratic Senate staffer .
“ When he was chairman , everything was voice - voted out of committee and never saw the light of day again . ”
Hundt said that at the start of his chairmanship , McCain expressed a willingness to let the FCC chairman operate with relative independence , which Hundt took as an encouraging sign .
“ What he did n’t tell me is his staff is buddy - buddy with some of the most well - known lobbyists in town , ” Hundt charged , “ and they would beat me up .
It did n’t strike me as unusual , but it was n’t Mr. Maverick either . ”
Powell disputes Hundt ’s characterization and says that McCain never pressured him unfairly .
“ He was so cautious about that ever since the Keating Five , ” Powell said .
Democrats are apt to give McCain higher marks on consumer safety issues , where they say he tempered his deregulatory instincts .
His most significant piece of legislation as chairman was a tough anti-tobacco bill that he crafted but that was defeated in 1998 .
In 2000 , he pushed through a bill on “ digital signatures , ” and in 2003 , during his second term as chairman , McCain teamed up with Connecticut Sen. Joseph I. Lieberman — then a Democrat , now an independent — on a bill to reduce carbon emissions .
That bill failed to pass the Senate .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
Thank you so much for such a wonderful trip !
We did so much in 2 weeks - Nepal , Tibet & Bhutan - but yet we feel so well rested … .
You planned an amazing trip for us !
We loved the colors of Nepal , the history of Tibet , and the beauty of Bhutan , to say the least .
Also , thank you for planning our last minute trip to Lumbini , even though we gave you so little time to plan it .
We will be sure to recommend you to our friends and family .
Thank you again , we look forward to coming again one day soon !- Ruwani & Anil Toronto Canada .
AP :
NEW YORK - Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin , who has not held a press conference in nearly four weeks of campaigning , on Tuesday banned reporters from her first meetings with world leaders , allowing access only to photographers and a television crew .
CNN , which was providing the television coverage for news organizations , decided to pull its TV crew , effectively denying Palin the high visibility she had sought .
The campaign told the TV producer , print and wire reporters in the press pool that follows the Alaska governor that they would not be admitted with the photographers and camera crew taken in to photograph the meetings .
At least two news organizations , including The Associated Press , objected and were told that the decision was not subject to discussion .
Read on ...
Latest News Latest News
Coronavirus News Coronavirus News
Verified reporters can access embargoed research news from top institutions around the world .
Embargoed News
Journal News Journal News
Science News Science
Medicine News Medicine
Life News Life
Business News Business
Use Expert Pitch instead to provide experts on breaking news events without a full - length news release .
Experts
Notify reporters of upcoming and recent studies with a Research Alert .
Shorter and quicker than a traditional press release .
Research Alert
Riverside County sheriff ’s officials are investigating the recently reported suspicious deaths of three cats in the La Quinta area , bringing the total to six felines mysteriously found gutted , mutilated or shot in recent weeks .
Lt. Raymond Gregory , a Sheriff ’s Department spokesman , said investigators believe the first three cat slayings , which took place within a 1 - mile radius in the northern part of La Quinta , are linked .
He said in those cases the gutted cats had not been attacked by an animal .
Gregory said it was less clear if animals could have killed the cats found more recently .
The first cat ’s body was found with gunshot wounds May 29 in the gated community of Starlight Dunes .
The next day , a cat was found gutted on Desert Stream Drive near La Quinta Park .
The third incident occurred June 18 , when a resident told police he found his cat with its stomach slit open in front of his home in the 44000 block of Foxtail Circle .
Advertisement
Gregory said the owners discarded the animals before the Sheriff ’s Department could examine the carcasses .
“ We did n’t have any physical evidence on the cats , ” Gregory said .
“ And a few weeks went by , and it looked like isolated incidents until the third killing . ”
Gregory said the initial news reports about the slayings generated more calls from cat owners about additional incidents , raising concerns by law enforcement officials that a cat killer -- whether human or not -- is on the loose .
The fourth suspicious cat death was reported Saturday , he said .
The cat ’s body was found torn apart in Bermuda Dunes , an unincorporated area north of La Quinta .
Advertisement
“ Animals may have had access to the body in that case , ” Gregory said .
A fifth cat ’s body was found severed Sunday at the Renaissance housing development , at Avenue 50 and Jefferson Street in La Quinta .
Its location , in the urban heart of the small town , and the way the body was placed suggest that a human may have caused the death , Gregory said .
The sixth feline death was reported Monday when a mutilated cat was found near a housing development at Washington Street and Miles Avenue in La Quinta .
“ That one is the most suspicious , ” Gregory said .
“ There were numerous cuts to the body and the skin was partially removed .
And its location is more urban . ”
Advertisement
Unlike the first three cat deaths , in which the animals ’ carcasses were discarded by the owners , authorities have the bodies of the three most recently killed .
As in human homicide investigations , officials photographed the scene of each death .
“ We are talking with veterinarians and experts on animal - cruelty - type cases , and hoping to arrange having them view some of the bodies , ” Gregory said .
He said the sheriff ’s Indio station usually gets six or fewer animal cruelty calls a month on various types of animals , making the slew of cat slayings both “ unusual and weird . ”
“ These are happening in many residential areas , so we are certainly urging the public to contact us if they see anything suspicious , ” said Gregory , who also serves as assistant chief of the La Quinta Police Department , which is also investigating the cases .
“ The public should also keep an eye on their cats . ”
Advertisement
He said anyone who witnesses violence against an animal in progress should call 911 .
Anyone with information about the incidents is asked to call the sheriff ’s station in Indio at ( 760 ) 863-8990 .
--
francisco.varaorta @latimes.com
California Drivers Ed Online Course
If you 're 15 years old , you 're ready to start the process to earn your drivers permit .
With I Drive Safely 's online California drivers ed course , you can study the exact same state - approved material you 'd get in a classroom course , right from your computer–any time you want !
While the state requires California drivers education to last 30 hours , we 've found a way to break up the info into short , easy - to - follow lessons .
Enjoy total flexibility to study at your own pace
Stay entertained with fun graphics and cool animations
Prepare to pass your permit test with DMV - approved lessons
It 's the fastest and easiest way to pass drivers ed
After you pass this course , and you 're at least 15 1/2 , you 're ready to take your California learners permit test .
Our goal is to make passing your permit exam a breeze .
Sign up and get started today .
Your Online California Drivers Ed Course in a Nutshell
Your online California drivers ed course is 30 hours of studying ( the state - required minimum ) but remember , you can work through those hours as quickly or slowly as you want .
Each chapter deals with just one single subject to concentrate on , after which you 'll take a quick multiple - choice quiz to review .
When you 're all through with your chapters , you 'll take a final exam that is 50 multiple - choice questions ... and you are guaranteed to pass , because you only need an 80 % , and you can retake it as many times as you need .
After that , you 're ready to enroll in your behind - the - wheel class and get your California learners permit from the DMV .
CA Drivers Ed - Online , Easy , and Hassle - Free !
Face it - textbooks and lectures are boring , and you do n't learn well when you 're bored .
Solve that problem by engaging with the material you 're learning through interactive and dynamic multimedia lessons .
Watch informative and entertaining videos
Listen to audio clips
Interact with animations and slideshows
Learn from state - specific 3D graphics
Convenient auto - save feature lets you pick up where you left off
You 'll remember the material much more easily and much longer than traditional teaching methods , and since you 're interacting with your course , you 'll be having fun while you learn !
That makes the time go by faster , so you 'll be finished with your drivers ed California course before you know it .
Free Up Your Time
You 've got enough to worry about - with schoolwork , friends , family obligations , sports , and everything else you participate in , who has time to sit in a classroom for hours after school or on your weekends ?
Certainly not you - which is why the California online drivers ed online course is perfect for your busy lifestyle .
Keep your schedule as open as you need it , and put your needs first .
We 're all about convenience , and that 's just what your California drivers ed course is all about .
Affordable for Everyone
We do n't think anyone should be left out of a quality education because of high prices .
Your drivers ed California course is specifically priced to be affordable and accessible to anyone .
We even provide you with a money - back guarantee .
We 're confident that your course will be as easy as you need it to be , without breaking the bank .
A Leader You Can Count On
When you sign up with I Drive Safely , you 're getting in with the best in the business .
We 've led the pack for over 15 years , providing more state - approved drivers education courses than any other .
We use only the best technology designed by experts in the field , with proven teaching techniques that give you the edge over students anywhere else .
7 Days a Week Customer Support for You
We make sure to be there when you need us , night or day .
Our customer support team works 7 days a week to answer your phone calls and emails , so that you 've got a helping hand whenever you work on your CA drivers ed course .
Our staff consists of trained driving instructors who are qualified to answer all of your questions about your course , the California licensing process , or anything else you might need .
George Washington ’s Blog
Friday , Sept 26 , 2008
This article was posted : Friday , September 26 , 2008 at 3:53 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Basic Concepts
DOSBox is an emulator that recreates a MS - DOS compatible environment ( complete with Sound , Input , Graphics and even basic networking ) .
This environment is complete enough to run many classic MS - DOS games completely unmodified .
In order to utilize all of DOSBox 's features you need to first understand some basic concepts about the MS - DOS environment .
Installation
The first step is to install DOSBox .
This guide will use the 0.74 Windows 32 - bit version which is available for download .
Download the release for your operating system .
If you are a Windows user , get the Win32 installer .
After downloading , install DOSBox to any directory .
Also , make a folder to put all your old games in .
I put DOSBox in C: \DOSBox , and my old games directory is C: \OLDGAMES .
I put a game in my OLDGAMES directory , TESTDRIV , which is Test Drive , an old racing game .
Your directories should look like this :
Running a game
Now , the hardest part , getting games to run .
First , run dosbox .exe in your DOSBox folder .
Remember that OLDGAMES directory you created in Step 1 ?
You have to basically set that as new directory just for DOSBox .
Essentially , it 's going to become the C:\> drive of DOSBox .
So , type :
Z:\>MOUNT C C: \OLDGAMES
Drive C mounted as local directory C: \OLDGAMES \
To dissect the above :
MOUNT : Tells the program to mount a directory
: Tells the program to mount a directory C : Tells the program what you want your new drive to be called ( leaving it as C : is fine )
: Tells the program what you want your new drive to be called ( leaving it as C : is fine ) C: \OLDGAMES :
This is the directory I want to set as the new drive for DOSBox , because all my games are in it .
If you created a different directory , write in the directory you created .
( Note : If you want to mount a CD - ROM instead of a folder , type this :
Z:\>MOUNT D D:\ -t cdrom MSCDEX installed .
Drive D is mounted as CDRom D :\
( Note : " cdrom " is case sensitive and must be lowercase ! )
In this example , D: \ - T cdrom tells DOSBox that my D:\ drive is a CD - ROM drive , and the first D , tells DOSBox what my new drive name should be called .
If you are running your game off a CD - ROM then make sure to use D : in place of C : in the following examples .
You can find instructions on how to mount other devices , such as floppy drives , in the mount section ) .
After you 've done this , you will be prompted with a Z:\ >.
Now , just write what you wanted to call your new DOSBox drive , which as I said above , we called C .
To navigate to that newly mounted drive just type in :
Z:\>C : C :\>
Hopefully , you 're all set !
Now , it 's time to run the game .
Previously I had mentioned a game called TESTDRIV in my OLDGAMES folder .
I now want DOSBox to go to that folder .
So type in :
C:\>CD TESTDRIV C:\TESTDRIV >
That 's it !
CD stands for " Change Directory " , so you 've changed the directory to TESTDRIV .
You can find instructions on how to use the Change Directory command , in the CD section of the Commands article .
One more step , running the game !
Most games have an EXE file in their directory that you can run .
However , some might require a BAT file , or COM file ( common in demos and really old games ) .
Most of the time , the file is in the root folder .
Please consult the documentation of your game for which file is needed to start the game .
In the case of Test Drive , it 's TDCGA .EXE .
So now , I just type this :
C:\TESTDRIV >TDCGA.EXE
That 's it !
Here 's a picture of all of the commands I 've written about in Step 2 :
Alternate methods for running a game
The steps described above are closely aligned with how DOS Based operating systems behave natively .
However modern operating system allow for more user friendly ( although less authentic ) ways of playing your favorite games .
If the steps above seem tedious or confusing you can try some of these other guides .
In most cases these guides will still require you to setup a working DOSBox environment .
NOTE : If you have problems with launching the game , unrecognizable errors being spit out , saving settings , or having the game drop out while running it , one thing to try is to make sure all the files are not set to Read Only .
In Windows , select the folder of the game , right click and hit properties , uncheck Read Only if it is checked , and apply to all sub folders .
If you have other errors , please search the forums first before posting a question .
Performance
Yay , you 've gotten your game to run !
But maybe you 're experiencing slowdown ?
How do you fix this ?
With the following commands :
CTRL +F7 = Decreases frameskip
CTRL+F8 = Increases Frameskip
CTRL+F11 = Slows down the game
CTRL +F12 = Speeds up the game
Press CTRL+ALT+DEL to open the Task Manager , and click the Performance tab .
Start by pressing CTRL +F12 until your CPU Usage level begins to go above 95 % .
After that , if you still need a performance boost , hit CTRL +F8 to have DOSBox not render some frames .
The console window will display all of the changes you 've made , and the top of the game window will display the current settings .
Adjust these settings as needed until your game goes smoothly .
Please keep in mind that not all games will run smoothly on DOSBox .
Other Useful features
Quick Start for Windows
Windows users have an option of dragging the EXE of their DOS game onto the DOSBox program ( or shorcut pointing to the DOSBox program ) .
This will automatically start the game .
If this does n't work , then I would recommend reading the rest of this article .
Automatically Mounting Your DOS Games folder
You can save yourself some time by having DOSBox automatically MOUNT your folders and change the drive to C : .
In original DOS based operating systems a file called AUTOEXEC .
BAT contained any commands that the user wanted executed every time the computer booted up .
This functionality is simulated by the [ autoexec ] section of the dosbox .
conf file .
For DOSBox versions older than 0.73 browse into program installation folder and open the dosbox .
conf file in any text editor .
For version 0.73 go to Start Menu and click on " Configuration " and then " Edit Configuration " .
Then scroll down to the very end , and add these lines :
MOUNT C C: \OLDGAMES C :
Now those commands will be executed automatically when starting !
If you 're having trouble with that , make sure it looks like this ( look at the bottom ) :
Full Screen
Just press ALT +ENTER to go into and out of full screen .
Alternatively , you can open the dosbox .conf file as mentioned above and change " fullscreen=false " to " fullscreen=true " .
DOSBox will then run in full screen mode when you open it .
Paulson kneels before Pelosi , begs for bailout package RAW STORY
Published : Friday September 26 , 2008
Print This Email This Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson resorted to literally begging Congressional leaders to approve a $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout as negotiations over his proposal fell apart Thursday .
The New York Times reports Paulson kneeled before House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to plea for her support even as he acknowledged that Republican squabbles were torpedoing the bailout 's chances .
Thursday , in the Roosevelt Room after the session , the Treasury secretary , Henry M. Paulson Jr. , literally bent down on one knee as he pleaded with Nancy Pelosi , the House Speaker , not to blow it up  by withdrawing her partys support for the package over what Ms. Pelosi derided as a Republican betrayal .
 I didnt know you were Catholic ,  Ms. Pelosi said , a wry reference to Mr. Paulsons kneeling , according to someone who observed the exchange .
She went on :  It s not me blowing this up , its the Republicans . 
Mr. Paulson sighed .
 I know .
I know .
The rapid unraveling of an agreement over the Wall Street bailout seemed to coincide with Republican presidential candidate John McCain 's ostentatious return to the Capitol .
" It was the very outcome the White House had said it intended to avoid , " the Times Sheryl Gay Stolberg wrote , " with partisan presidential politics appearing to trample what had been exceedingly delicate Congressional negotiations . "
Hundreds of online psychology experiments are going on at any given time , many cool and amusing to take part in .
They ’re great for researchers due to the ease and low cost of finding subjects , and because of that , more data .
There are drawbacks , though .
The University of Essex ’s Department of Psychology points out : “… factors may cause the data to become less clear , for example : everyone uses different types of computers and monitors ; we ca n’t be sure they have understood the instructions properly and we have no idea who is actually doing the experiments . ”
Debate is ongoing but the popularity of online studies keeps growing too .
By design these studies are ephemeral , disappearing from the web once a deadline is reached or enough data collected .
In this Top Ten list we ’ve chosen to focus on experiments that are long - term , or if data is no longer collected you can still do the experiment for fun .
And they are fun !
1. You Just Get Me is a social psychology experiment about personality impressions .
Lovely software design , simple to use , great functions and it ’s visually appealing .
Test yourself on five measure of personality ( based on the IPIP - NEO psychology scale ) presented in a bubble graph , then try to guess the qualities of other people while they guess yours ( check out mine ) .
Blog widgets , credits , invites , personalized t- shirts , member messaging , and a Facebook application : this is more than a social experiment , it ’s also social media .
2. Bad Vibes .
Sound psychology experiment from Salford University to find out what makes a sound unpleasant .
Although its experimental data collection phase is over , with much - publicized results that announced “ the worst sound in the world , ” it ’s still online to try for fun and compare your tastes to others .
Fingernails on a blackboard ?
Babies screaming ?
Dentist ’s drill ?
The site also offers a mixer to play with , and if you want to torment your friends some sounds are available as free ringtones .
3 . The Stroop Test is a well - known neuropsychological test named for John Ridley Stroop , who published on it in English in 1935 .
It has found many applications since .
It tests how flexible and fast your thinking is , basically , and is used in situations ranging from judging the effects of oxygen depletion on Everest climbers to addiction research to blog memes .
The name of a colour is presented with the typeface in a different colour ; your ability to say the colour and not the word , and how long it takes you , reveals your reaction to the interference .
4. FaceResearch.org .
Rate attractiveness ( facial , voice , different ages , etc. ) and other qualities alongside questionnaires about your hormonal cycles , tastes and attitudes in Flash - based tests designed by psychologists at the University of Aberdeen .
In some you are shown a pair of faces and asked to choose your preference ( of whatever quality is being tested ) and in others you rate images on a 1 - 10 scale .
When complete you ’re told what research it ’s based on and how your result compares to others .
5. The Concept of Intentional Action .
Experimental philosophy asks people what they think instead of assuming they think the way the philosopher believes they do .
Joshua Knobe is a Princeton researcher in this new field , known for his work on moral judgment , intentions , and theory of mind ( understanding other people ’s intents and views ) .
He conducted this experiment to study perceptions of morality and intent .
Data has already been published but it will stay up for you to examine your own beliefs , compare to others , and learn about the theories behind the questions .
6. Project Implicit .
The Implicit Association
Test is a sorting test that assumes people do n’t openly express their social biases .
To gauge any unspoken implicit biases toward one ’s own social group , the IAT measures interference between conflicting categories .
Respond to words related to self and to and others ’ faces , using different buttons – then the images switch and conflict arises when using the same button for those categories .
Project Implicit has been running this experiment online for ten years and collected data from 3.5 million tests .
From the original test about racial bias there are now also fun variants like “ Are You Human or Alien ? ”
The IAT is controversial – cognitive psychologist Chris of the blog Mixing Memory says , “ … there is no real evidence that it measures attitudes , much less prejudices .
In fact , it ’s not at all clear what it measures , though the fact that its psychometric properties are pretty well defined at least implies that it measures something . ”
If results say you ’re a space alien , that ’s just a measure of fun .
7. Basic Music Intervals .
This is my fave test on the Cognitive Fun site .
It tests music cognition by having you identity piano music intervals , listening and reacting with a simple visual interface .
Not sure what a music interval is ?
Do n’t worry , the demonstration is clear and you can practice with it as long as you like .
Whether or not you ’re a budding musician , it will help you test and develop this musical listening skill .
8. Face Transformer from the Perception Lab at the School of Psychology , University of St Andrews , Scotland .
Another collection of face perception experiments .
Face Transformer has you move a slider bar to morph computer - generated faces , making them attractive to you , and then morphing again to appear optimally healthy .
This experiment tests “ … how people rate another person ’s weight from facial cues , and how , if at all , their perception is influenced by their own body type and body image . ”
As with other facial perception experiments , hormones affect your judgment .
A fun test , but I felt it took a bit too much time .
9. Visual Phenomena & Other Psychological Diversions .
The University of Essex offers some experiments based on visual illusions .
The Muller - Lyer illusion , Café Wall illusion , etc .
Each experiment tests you then graphs your results with overall data , with a discussion of what is being tested .
My only complaint is that , unless this too is illusional , several images are broken and ca n’t be accessed ( i.e. Thatcher illusion ) .
10 . Casual Fridays at Cognitive Daily .
A popular feature of this great blog are its weekly series of online experiments .
Each Friday , Greta and Dave Munger design an interactive test for their readers based on research , news , theories or plain curiosity , and the following week they write up the results .
For example , to see if they could predict what readers thought after a short quiz ( as an unrelated web site claimed it could ) readers were invited to take the survey .
The next Friday they explained their methods and published graphs to deconstruct results , then invited readers to comment .
The conversations in the comments can be just as provocative as the tests .
Dave and Greta are on a well - deserved vacation now but will bring Casual Fridays back in September .
Here ’s a list of their past experiments to enjoy browsing until then .
( Casual Fridays is now defunct with the closure of Cognitive Daily . )
* * *
Honorable mentions : Psychological Research on the Net is a fantastic meta - list of online psychology experiments .
Most experiments disappear once the researchers meet their requirements ( or they ought to ) so lists like this one are essential to find out what ’s new ( and also , in a way , what ’s hot in research ) .
Sponsored the by Hanover College Psychological Department , this list does a great job at keeping up to date .
They categorize studies into Mental Health , Personality , Positive Psychology , Psychology and Religion , Sensation and Perception , Sexuality , Social Psychology , Sport Psychology , Neuropsychology , Cognition , Consumer Psychology , Developmental Psychology , Emotions , Forensic Psych , Health Psychology , Industrial / Organizational , Decisions , Linguistics , General , and if that ’s not enough , another long list of other meta - lists .
Similarly , WebExperiment .net links to but also hosts experiments , with new ones added regularly .
Both of these sites also publish results of the experiments if the researchers later supply it .
Help them learn while you learn about yourself — take a test !
Top 10 Online Psychology Experiments
What started as a fairly simple three - page proposal giving the Treasury secretary unchecked power to orchestrate a bailout of the country ’s financial system ended up as a complex rescue package , with enhanced congressional oversight , some added protections for taxpayers and a slap on the wrist to highly paid , underperforming executives .
Anzeige
Sold to American taxpayers for up to $ 700 billion : an unprecedented plan to buy distressed banks ’ least desirable mortgage assets .
The ultimate goal of the plan remains the same : buy bad mortgage - related bets from weakened financial companies so they can raise fresh capital and resume normal lending operations to businesses , municipalities and consumers .
Under the Emergency Economic Stabilization
Act of 2008 , which is expected to come to a vote in the House on Monday , the Treasury Department gets $ 250 billion immediately to start buying up banks ’ and other financial institutions ’ least valuable mortgages and complex financial instruments backed by those mortgages .
Anzeige
If needed , an additional $ 100 billion is available at the discretion of the president , and a final $ 350 billion is on the table , unless Congress resolves to take it back .
The president has the authority to veto such a resolution .
The measure also proposes limited caps on the pay and benefit packages of companies who receive the government rescue , strengthens government oversight of the program and adds an insurance program for financial companies ’ bad assets .
While Democratic negotiators made significant changes to the plan Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson sent Congress a week ago , they did not get everything they had sought , particularly more help for troubled homeowners .
Anzeige
House Republicans , meanwhile , fought hard for – and won – a provision that would establish a program whereby banks could buy government insurance to back the principal and interest on certain troubled assets , rather than selling them outright .
They argued this was a better deal for taxpayers , and would reduce the overall cost of the rescue package .
Paulson told negotiators that he believed the insurance plan would have only limited benefits .
Responding to the outcry of constituents , Congress structured the bailout in a way that sets limits on executive compensation at companies whose bad debt is purchased by the government .
Lawmakers also established various oversight boards , including one with members appointed by Congress and another whose members will include the Treasury secretary and the chairman of the Federal Reserve .
Anzeige
Despite all the oversight and restrictions Congress added to Paulson ’s original proposal , the Treasury secretary will still have wide latitude in deciding such things as how to value the toxic assets and what experts to hire to run the program .
Paulson , who lost in an effort to have his decisions exempted from congressional review , has indicated that he expects to use a type of " reverse “ auction in which the companies with the winning bids will be the ones willing to take less , say 50 cents on the dollar rather than 60 cents on the dollar , for the assets .
Private analysts said they believe the plan will give critical support to the financial system , helping to establish a vibrant market for hundreds of billions of dollars in mortgage assets that at the moment ca n’t be priced because no one wants to purchase them .
Brian Bethune , chief U.S. financial economist for Global Insight , a Lexington , Massachusetts , economic consulting firm , said Sunday that he believed the bailout plan " will provide some critical life support for the U.S. financial system , which has been hit by a very dangerous escalation in volatility in turmoil since early July . “
Among the key segments of the bill :
–EXECUTIVE PAY .
Restrictions would be imposed on the compensation received by executives whose companies sell some of their bad assets through the government ’s purchase program .
There would be tax restrictions on executive pay over $ 500,000 and limits on " golden parachutes “ – severance pay and bonuses – for executives who leave the companies getting government bailouts .
–OVERSIGHT .
The Treasury will be required to provide details of its purchases of bad assets within two days of the transaction .
Oversight boards would be created including one with members selected by Democratic and Republican leaders in the House and Senate and one that will include top government officials .
Anzeige
–TAXPAYER PROTECTION .
Taxpayers would be given ownership stakes in companies whose bad assets are purchased and after five years if the government is facing a loss in the program then the president will be required to submit a plan on how to recoup a portion of the losses from the companies that participated in the program .
Back to English News Homepage
Loraksus sez , " The recently released report about Taser use by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police is quite interesting .
Not only did they find that RCMP did an " inadequate " review of the literature available on Tasers and had an ' overreliance ' on anecdotal information . , but they also tore into ' excited delirium ' , saying 'ED should be considered ' folk knowledge " and '… should not be included in the RCMP 's operational manual '
It looks like the use of Tasers in a " ensuring compliance " role is diminishing .
In most of Canada at least . "
" Perhaps there would have been a delay in implementation , or at least a limited deployment ( e.g. , to supervisors or their designates and to tactical squads ) . "
The review , which questions the safety of stun guns – especially when used on pregnant women , drug users or people with medical conditions – argues that there should be national standards to guide
Taser use by police forces across the country .
The standards could be developed with the help of the Canadian Firearms Centre and Public Safety Canada .
RCMP relied too much on Taser manufacturer info : report
( Thanks , Loraksus ! )
See also : Taser death at Vancouver Airport
This is a guest post from Moiret Allegiere .
He has a great deal to say about our plight as men in today ’s insane misandrist world .
You can find his blog here .
My first inklings that life was a dismally unfair thing came in a blast during my years of secondary education .
It was during those years , as the pre-pubescent freedom of childhood - bliss flew away to be replaced by puberty , hormones , madness and perpetual crisis ; as my boyish body first manifested clear signs of manhood , that the first properly understood symptoms from the infection of feminism showed its face in classrooms as clear and as brittle as glass .
Of course ; the signs were there that the girls were preferred and protected by teachers prior to this .
Yet – in the prepubescent bliss of childhood , we are close to sex-less as no sexual characteristics are on display .
At the very least not obviously so .
The most obvious signs of sex and gender and the differences therein came from the mouths of us boys and girls who , in our childish innocence , believed the opposing side to have cooties .
This made for some good moments and fond memories of chemical gender - warfare , as both sides did their very best to spread their cooties into the other camp and so infect them .
In order to create spies willing to divulge the strategic and tactical secrets of the other side so that the war could be won and ended once and for all , I suppose .
Looking at it in hindsight and with that peculiar gleam of nostalgia that tend to come post - thirtieth birthday , it is clear that this was nothing more than the onset of puberty , the moment where we understood something which we could not properly articulate at the time – that is ; the other side is as intriguing and fascinating as it is terrifying and kinda icky , and if I could only understand where the fuck these strange and conflicting emotions stem from I might be able to process the information properly .
Besides ; I never yet realised how beautiful her hair was and what in the hell does all this mean ; those strange butterflies , that weird skipping of my heart , that strange and primal attraction ?
Better punch her in the shoulder and run away , laughing .
Boys will be boys .
And so , fare - thee - well innocence , welcome confusion , welcome inner turmoil .
Welcome puberty .
Welcome gender - war tacticians in the shape of teachers speaking in twisted tongues , teaching all about the serpent cult of feminism .
The oracle and the spectacle , the feminist ideology , the - ism told in twos and threes and twisted tattle - tales .
Not as yet mentioned by name , but lying there still , coiled at the feet of the altar in front of the dismally black black - hole black - board where nimble spinning tongues and fingers spun nimbly spinning half - truths or full lies spat into our open mouths and minds that lapped it up as truth - without - a - doubt ; an altar upon which we were placed as a sacrifice to the - ism , to remodel and restructure our biology and our sexuality as the horrid beasts of masculinity that we were then on the verge of becoming .
And here I find myself caught in a crossroad , with many a road to follow .
Figuring out which road to walk down is a difficult one .
I could express the weird confusion felt from schools telling me that what I experienced within during puberty was a social construct ; that what I knew to do in order to express my blossoming masculinity was not something innate to my nature , but something learned from this society wherein all things gender is a construct and we are all blank slates .
I could explain the further confusion created as the teachers all insisted that the girls matured faster and better than the boys , even if all things gender is a social construct and so – really – there should be no differences in the level of maturation where the brains of boys and girls are concerned .
Not to mention that , if all things are a social construct , as we were told , then maturation is also a social construct and not anything to take seriously .
Or that this train of thought further whisper to me that the only thing these statements meant , when taken to their logical conclusion , is quite simple : gender is a social construct .
We are all blank slates .
The girls mature faster than the boys .
Even when maturation is also a social construct .
The schools have chosen the feminine as the norm , as the way to measure maturity and the proper way to teach and to learn , in other words …
This difference of maturation , this apparently incredible evidence of the moral , intellectual and emotional superiority of the girls were mentioned as often as possible , beat into our adolescent minds to make sure that we understood and remembered this so - called fact .
I could pick out single instances , single anecdotes of obvious preferential treatment of the girls – to the detriment of boys – and tell them in full .
I have many of these anecdotes , many memories stored away of very clear discriminatory behaviour from the schools and from the teachers , that no - one gave a fuck about seeing as it was the boys in entirety that was singled out for social execution and shame and not the girls .
See , I am cursed with a very good long - term memory and a terrible short - term memory .
Might have to turn this into a series of sort .
We ’ll see .
… or I could try and explain how this dark cloud of shame that was forced down over the heads of the boys manifested in me personally .
… I could tell tales of how feminism wormed its way into the girls of my class and class - room - fancy , turning quite a few of them into footsoldiers for the explosive feminist revolution wielding such ridiculous arguments – hung up in the corridors of our schools come international women ’s day as hand - made posters , funnily enough with loads of glitter and pink as I recall – that a female nurse earns less than a male doctor , and that this is a clear sign of gendered discrimination .
I am not making this shit up .
Opposition to this nonsense , this clear political activism was met with protest from teachers and students alike , making it very clear which opinion was OK to hold and which was not .
Even when the argument presented on the preposterous posters was not one of logic or of reason , even when the argument presented made no sense at all .
Disobedience is not allowed .
One must not go against the holy grain and coffee - stain of feminism , lest one be shunned and publicly shamed for doing so by teachers wielding the magical double - speak staff that says that all voices shall be heard , as long as it is the voices of the girls that scream feminism in your ears and immature minds that are heard .
I remember one particular instance in a physical education class .
One of our resident “ mean girls ” – and you all knew this girl growing up , I fucking guarantee it – the queen bitch , the bully and tin- pot tyrant , Ms. Queen bee supreme who looked down her nose on everyone and treated everyone like shit if they were not within her immediate circle of friends , buzzing around her magnificent form and shape as she wreaked bloody havoc on everything and everyone … yeah , you know the girl , you know the trope , you know the stereotype .
The tropish stereotype is there for a reason , shining bright in every single high - school comedy or drama we have ever seen , just as true and magnificent as are the jocks that surround her and beckon to her every wish and demand .
It just so happens that one of her victims of perpetual bullying and mean - girl ways and vices had finally had enough and struck back .
Not in any physical way , gentlemen as we were indoctrinated into being – one should never hit a girl , no matter what , you know – no , he had responded in kind to her snarling lips and on - going , for at least a year , systematic bullying with a vicious insult .
I can not remember what she said that triggered his comeback , nor can I remember what he said .
I was not present at the moment .
No doubt , it was trivial – as these things go .
Yet , in the vice - grip of confusing puberty , as we all know , nothing is ever trivial .
In this P.E. class , our entire class was made to stand to attention and listen as Ms. Queen Bee supreme stood behind the teacher , crying .
Obviously , the tin - pot tyrant ’s first instinct at opposition was to run crying to our teacher , playing victim .
And we all had to stand there and listen as our teacher confronted the one who had done nothing but reply in kind ; berating him and telling us all how horrible he had acted , how there were limits – even in hell – as our teacher , who of course was a woman , put it .
DARVO -ing is learned quickly and it is encouraged brutally .
Absolutely astonishing , I thought then and I think now .
If it was not made evident prior to this , it was bloody obvious after this that the girls were untouchable , no matter what they did .
And I looked at the face of the one who had replied in kind as he was dumbstruck , completely aware that whatever he said , he would come out the loser and the scapegoat and that she – the bully and the instigator – now stood free to do what ever the hell she wanted to do and he could do nothing , nor could he expect justice served from those who were supposed to serve justice at our school .
The stacks were stacked against him , as they were stacked against all the boys for the single crime of being nothing but boys , for the crime of becoming men .
As expected , this incidence also let loose the ever - present shaming of the boys and their lack of maturity .
For some reason , this was clear - cut evidence of the moral and emotional superiority of the girls ; of their incredible maturity .
Or the teacher just wanted an excuse to brow - beat us boys a little more for her own personal bias and satisfaction .
Which I suspect to be the case , as you can always count on a dyed - in - the - wool feminist to use any opportunity to go on a petulant tirade about her most preferred topic – that is , the evil that men do .
There were many instances of this nature .
The ideology of feminism shone and shimmered and enveloped all of our school and all of our schooling within its web and in its cocoons .
I remember being yelled at by a female pupil for having the gall – the audacity – of being born at the eight of march , which is international women ’s day , and about as much fun as one can imagine .
That I – a foul male – would dare celebrate my birthday at this day of all women was an affront to the holy forces of fragile femininity ; just that I was born on that most fateful day was enough to pull her g-string over her head and deliver an atomic mental wedgie .
Such a terrible act on my part ; such a display of toxic masculinity this , to dare be born on that most hallowed day !
Of course , she was nothing but a bitch and an insufferable cunt caught just as much in the confusing mud of puberty as I was .
But she was upheld and guided by the primal rage of feminism taught in school .
And that is where the problem lies .
I would not remember this as clearly now , all these years later , were it not for that fact .
This was learned behaviour ; accepted behaviour within the walls of our indoctrination - chambers that told her and taught her that she could act like this , with impunity , as long as the victim of her fury and her frenzy was a boy , was becoming a man , was someone who was not a woman or becoming a woman .
Yet , it was during sexual education that the searing misandry was made the most evident .
Or , I should say , the most blatant .
For beneath that roof and between the scarred and broken thighs of our indoctrination chamber , the ugliness and brute simplicity of male sexuality was made clear to us , as was the beauty and divine complexity of female sexuality .
In a flash and a heat and what could quite possibly be referred to as a series of temper tantrums by our teacher , men and their lack of care and compassion during sex , as well as their lack of knowledge of the female body and sacred female orgasm was brought us as communion wafers ; foul smelling pieces of bullshit served on a silver platter that we were made to swallow whole and make part of our one and our all .
Where male sexuality was concerned , it was so simplistic – apparently – as to be waved away in a token hand - gesture ; pull her , prod there , ejaculate and finish .
Men , you see , did not necessarily have any manner of emotional connection to the more - or - less willing victims of their simian sexuality .
Quite the contrary ; ours was a philosophy of pump - and - dump .
As opposed to women , whose sexuality was driven by emotional connection and nothing more and nothing less .
Sexual education was nothing but female sexual liberation and male sexual incarceration in front of the holy black - board , behind a make - shift altar of prophylactics and planned parenthood .
The birds and the bees and how pregnancy works and all that jazz was mentioned , of course , as though it had to be done quickly and be done with .
The purely biological reasons for sexuality , for fornication – that is – the urge to procreate – and how all that stuff actually works was mentioned briefly , and then forgotten in the rush to whip the boys with the nine - tailed cat of sexual shame for our simpering sexual simplicity .
For , you see , it was made out to be the fault of men – that is the patriarchy – that women and girls did n’t masturbate as frequently as boys and men did , that women and girls did n’t know their own bodies as well as they – apparently – should by that point in their lives .
And I can not help but think that maybe these poor and pitiful victims of a lack of masturbation would flick the bean with more regularity were they not told that their bodies and their sexuality was something sacred , something hallowed that was not to be given away or touched willy - nilly , but something to be savoured and treated as some peculiar sacrament .
Were they not told that sex is given to men and done to women , but told the simple truth of the matter : that fucking is one of our most basic primal instincts and that sex is – at the same time – the most profound and the most simple pleasure of life .
See , it sounds very traditional , does it not , that sex is something done to women by men and given to men by women ?
It is a very gender - stereotypical view of things ; men can not control themselves and women must be protected from men .
Would a chaperon be a good idea , perhaps and perchance ?
It is a tale as old as time , and here it was presented as something new , something profound , something liberating for women .
It boggles the mind .
But , it is as these things are : those who do not understand history are doomed to repeat it .
It is the same - old - same - old packaged and presented as something new .
Same shit , different day .
I am no prude , and I have no issues with talking about sex and sexuality .
Quite the contrary – I find it to be a very interesting topic of discussion .
One of the reasons for this is that I find it incredibly funny how much stock we put in it , how much of a protected and sheltered thing this very basic urge , need and drive is .
For all manner of birth control has made it so that fucking is now a frivolous pursuit of pleasure more than it is a need and drive to procreate .
As an aside , I would very much like to state that this does not bother me .
Not in the least .
The thing is ; as odd and weird as it is , turning it into pleasure first and pregnancy second has made it even more protected , even more holy .
Despite all our ham - fisted talks about sexual liberation and sexual revolution and what - nots and what - alls , we seem to be more neurotic in regards to sex and sexuality now than we have been for quite some time .
Almost as though one would be inclined to believe that a meaningless and pointless pursuit of immediate pleasure in one - night - stands and topless tinder - dates with no strings attached and no responsibilities lined up poisoned the well some and made for some hell - hath - no - fury - scenarios , where a lover scorned or a lover ’s regret the day after a frivolous session of in - the - moment fornication made for feelings that were not shared in kind and a further shaming of male sexuality for doing just as his date did .
Men are terribly irresponsible when having no -strings - attached sex .
Women are not ; they are liberated .
And if both man and woman are drunk and have drunken sex , the man is a rapist and the woman is raped .
And the world is such a weird and peculiar place that confusion does not even cover it .
For sooth , I do fear , sire , that we may have over - complicated matters to the point of complete and utter absurdity !
I do fear that we have lost the plot ages back , that we have descended into guttural chaos and base - level desires that are never fulfilled even when we are told that this is what is needed to fulfil it .
We are living in a Monty Python sketch , where one absurdity is explained with a higher level of absurdity .
It is layers upon layers of absurdity , and I would be laughing my swinging dick and pendulous balls off , were I not quietly weeping in the corner .
But I am getting better , I swear .
I only break into hysterical fits of crying and babbling three times a week these days .
Anyhow ; in those sexual education classes the boys were shamed for the girls not masturbating and not knowing their own bodies .
This despite none of us knowing their bodies either , and should we wish to know their bodies we were beasts with only one thing on our minds .
Not to mention that the same shame of not knowing a man ’s body was not laid in the palms and prickly nipples of the girls .
Odd , that .
As though men are the ones who are supposed to run the show , from initiating dates to initiating sex .
Or begging for it , more like …
And still ; wanting sex , as a male , was a horrible thing and wanting sex as a woman was not a horrible thing , but a natural thing .
Though the sex wanted by women was an emotional thing and the sex wanted by men was a primal thing , a thing of domination and subjugation .
It was a confusing message sent and delivered .
Sex was nothing to be ashamed of , yet it was at the very same time something to be deeply ashamed of .
We were told how incredibly complex female sexuality was , and that men would never properly understand it .
Of course , the complexity of female sexuality was the complete opposite of male sexuality ; simplistic enough to warrant barely a mention in front of the dismal black - board .
And were it mentioned , it was always with the barely - concealed snarl of wild mockery and disgust .
This , in turn , rendered every god - damned unwanted erection a source of shame .
And unwanted erections in those days of puberty happened once every ten minutes .
You could set your bloody clock to it .
There was nothing but spontaneous erections and a longing for some privacy and a few minutes to jerk off and be done with it .
That is – if the erection came as a result of sexual desires , which it did not always do .
Nor does it always do so .
This is something lacking in common knowledge , as I understand it .
Considering the mangled menagerie of feminist thought - and - action , an erect penis is nothing but sexual and shows nothing but sexual desire in the moment .
Even when it is not .
Of course ; a lack of erection necessarily must mean a lack of sexual interest and something the woman should be insulted by .
And the man be ashamed of .
Just as he should be ashamed of his erection , he should also be ashamed of his lack of erection .
The penis is there for the woman , and that is that .
Objectification ho ?
This is where sexual education is lacking , in their brow - beating of the male .
For spontaneous erections were never mentioned or properly explained .
Not as such .
Erections meant nothing but the male being ready and willing to go , and that was that .
It was a means to an end .
For all the god - damned yammering and clamouring and claims that men do n’t know shit about women ’s bodies , women sure as hell know next - to - nothing about men ’s bodies .
Evidenced in the absolute lack of knowledge as to how erections function .
Or how they do not function , for that matter .
For , you know , a man can not be forced to penetrate .
If he had an erection , he must have wanted it .
This is the argument presented , time and bloody time again , to explain how a man can not be raped by a woman .
I had a girlfriend once who honestly believed I could get an erection at will , just as if I were flexing a muscle .
She was flabbergasted that this was not the case .
As much as I do believe that any sexual partner ought to know their way around their partner ’s body , this is not something that should only apply to men .
Yet , here we are , living in a culture where men are shamed for not knowing diddly - squat about the female body by women that do not even know that an erection does not equal sexual desire on part of the man , nor that a lack of erection does not equal a lack of sexual desire .
It is far more complex than what these cretins believe .
And I lay a lot of the blame for this on the lack - luster sexual education in schools whose main focus in my day was the deification of female sexuality and the vilification of male sexuality ; whose main train of thought was to teach the boys that their natural sexual urges was something to be ashamed of and to teach the girls that theirs was not .
And as much as I agree with the latter , it is something that should apply to both or none .
There should be no shame in sexuality , be you a man or a woman , there should not be any shame attached to wanting to fuck .
Yet there were and there was , as long as it was sent in the direction of the boys .
Which is as evident now as fucking is natural , given the ongoing shaming of all things masculine from the girls and boys who grew up with this message imprinted in their developing minds and personalities and now only parrot the points they never questioned or dared looked behind and beyond , to repeat the mantra and carry on with the shaming and the glorious cuntural revolution of the feminist hive - mind ; the breaking down and dismantling of all things masculine .
The cloud of shame hung over the heads of the boys for which they must repent all their lives , bend their necks and their heads , kiss her ring and make amends for being such lustful and primitive primates as we are .
And this – this shaming , this perpetual demonizing and vilification of men and of masculinity – is presented as something that is supposed to help boys and to help men grow beyond the confines of traditional masculinity .
Which is what , exactly ?
That depends on the feminist in question and the heat of the moment .
But that do n’t matter at all , the moment one is able to understand that nature plays more of a part than nurture does in how men act and how men behave , in how women act and how women behave .
This is not to say that nurture does not play a part .
Because of course it does .
We can not help but be a product of that which surround us as we grow up .
We can not help but be infused with the ideas and the lessons we learn .
We are a product of our surroundings .
To a certain extent .
Yet ; to claim that it is only nurture and not nature is to go against basic biology .
It is to look at the state of nature , to look at the behaviour of animals and state that humanity is above and beyond that .
The problem of boys and men is not that they are boys and men , is not that they have been told to be boys and to be men .
The problem of boys and men is that they are not being told that it is OK for them to be boys and to be men .
It is that we are living in a culture that has not a kind word stored away anywhere for boys , for men or for masculinity .
We are living in a culture in which we are told and taught that masculinity is something that must be done away with , that it is behaviour that is toxic , that it is learned behaviour that must be dismantled .
And in its place the feminine shall thrive .
In the guise of something gender - neutral .
For feminism have us all shackled and in chains , have infested and infected our schools and our societies to such an extent that their philosophy is considered the norm and the guiding light .
By their hands and their hands alone , the masculine shall be dismantled and the gender - neutral take hold .
Just a god - damned shame , then , that what they propose to be gender neutral is remarkably feminine and that femininity is supposed to be some sort of saving grace for boys and for men who want nothing but to be free to be boys and to be men just as we fucking are .
Moiret ’s book – Howling at a Slutwalk Moon , a collection of previous blog posts :
Vol 1 Paperback : https://www.amazon.com/dp/107571074X
Vol 1 Kindle : https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07TZTPDPR
Vol 2 Paperback : https://www.amazon.com/dp/1075714184
Vol 2 Kindle : https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07TZR25NL
Vol 1 Illustrated Paperback : https://www.amazon.com/dp/1075717094
Vol 2 Illustrated Paperback : https://www.amazon.com/dp/1075723078
KABUL
The excessive use of groundwater for a variety of purposes has significantly depleted water tables and aquifers throughout Afghanistan and if the trend is not reversed soon the country will face a severe shortage of drinking water , the Ministry of Water and Energy said .
Listen to the audio report in Dari and Pashto
Recurrent droughts , low precipitation and poor water management have exacerbated the country ’s water crisis , ministry officials said .
“ Our assessments indicate that due to several factors , mostly drought and excessive use , about 50 percent of groundwater sources have been lost in the past several years , ” Sultan Mahmood Mahmoodi , general director of the water management department at the Ministry of Water and Energy ( MWE ) , told IRIN in Kabul .
Almost 70 percent of the country ’s estimated 26.6 million people are dependent on agriculture , according to the Ministry of Agriculture , Irrigation and Livestock ( MAIL ) .
Limited access to surface water has prompted many farmers , mostly in the drought - stricken south and north , to increasingly use groundwater to irrigate agricultural land or dig deep wells .
Deepening wells
“ Most farmers dig deep wells and use pumps to irrigate land , ” Naeem Tokhi , a hydrogeology expert at the Ministry of Mines and Industries ( MMI ) , said .
As groundwater depletes the search for it intensifies .
“ Every two months or so we dig wells deeper in order to provide adequate water for our land , ” Obaidullah , a farmer in the southern province of Kandahar , said .
Tokhi said over the past few years levels of groundwater had gone down 4 - 10 metres in different parts of the country .
Photo : Akmal Dawi / IRIN
Children are increasingly given the burden to collect water for households , often at the cost of their education
Shortage of drinking water
The UN Children ’s Fund ( UNICEF ) estimates that only about 23 percent of households in Afghanistan have access to drinking water ( 43 percent in urban areas and 18 percent in rural ) .
According to the MWE , the majority of Afghans use groundwater as their prime and often only source of drinking water .
So as groundwater declines , the number of people with access to drinking water declines .
The very poor suffer the most as they do not have the means to dig deep wells .
In a bid to ensure people ’s access to drinking water and prevent water - related displacement , the Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation and Development ( MRRD ) has dug hundreds of deep wells across the country .
The MRRD ’s deep wells have helped tackle the immediate drinking water problem but have created a new burden for children who spend hours collecting water for their families , often at the cost of their education .
Environmental concerns
The excessive use of groundwater and mushrooming deep wells also have an adverse impact on the quality and quantity of water , experts say .
“ Groundwater is consumed and polluted in several ways , ” said Mahmoodi of MWE , adding that increased pollution of groundwater would have serious health and environmental implications .
“ Contaminated and polluted groundwater may harm agriculture , livestock and will also pose health risks to humans , ” he said .
ad/at/ar/ed
Restoring the Right to Vote by Erika Wood Brennan Center for Justice , 34 pp. , available at www.brennancenter.org
Crawford v. Marion County [ Indiana ] Election Board US Supreme Court , April 28 , 2008 Florida State Conference of the NAACP v. Browning US Court of Appeals , 11th Circuit , April 3 , 2008
In May , Hillary Clinton described many of her core supporters as “ hard - working Americans , white Americans . ”
Primary voting in Pennsylvania , Ohio , and West Virginia confirmed her surmise .
Her remark seemed , without saying so , to claim an advantage over Obama that was due to his race .
But there ’s more we need to know .
We can see how being a farmer or a bond trader or a gun collector might influence your vote .
And we understand why black Americans would want a person of their race in the Oval Office .
But just what is there about being white that might incline someone toward one candidate instead of another ?
Senator Clinton implied that this identity was salient for some voters and that she could appeal to it .
Polls showed that some 15 to 20 percent of white voters in those three states said that “ race ” was a factor in their vote , and we are left to wonder just how much of a factor and how many more would have said the same if they had been frank with the interviewer .
People are uneasy talking about the subject of race , but the feeling persists that Obama ’s half - ancestry could tip the scales on November 4 .
1 .
Barack Obama can only become president by mustering a turnout that will surpass the votes he is not going to get .
This may well mean that more black Americans than ever will have to go to the polls , if only because the electorate is predominantly white , and it is n’t clear how their votes will go .
Obstacles to getting blacks to vote have always been formidable , but this year there will be barriers — some new , some long - standing — that previous campaigns have not had to face .
For many years , the momentum was toward making the franchise universal .
Property qualifications were ended ; the poll tax was nullified ; the voting age was lowered to eighteen .
But now strong forces are at work to downsize the electorate , ostensibly to combat fraud and strip the rolls of voters who are ineligible for one reason or another .
But the real effect is to make it harder for many black Americans to vote , largely because they are more vulnerable to challenges than other parts of the population .
Licensed to Vote
In a 6 –3 decision in April written by John Paul Stevens , Crawford v. Marion County Election Board , the Supreme Court upheld a 2005 Indiana law requiring voters in that state to produce a government document with a photograph at the polls .
In practical terms , this meant a passport or a driver ’s license .
Since less than a third of adults have a passport , the Indiana case focused largely on how many adults lack a license to drive .
During oral arguments , several justices pressed the plaintiff ’s lawyer for an answer .
For reasons I cannot fathom , he kept using the number 43,000 , for a state whose voting - age population is 4.6 million .
In fact , the Federal Highway Administration , in an easily obtained report , says that 673,926 adult residents of Indiana have no license , which …
Vice - presidential candidates have long been treated as an open book .
As far back as the deferential pre-web 1970s , a vice - president 's confidential medical history was made public , forcing him to withdraw .
Eagelton 's bipolar history in no way disqualified him for the vice - presidency in the way Palin 's own record clearly disqualifies her for the vice - presidency .
And the most obvious contemporary example is former vice - presidential candidate , John Edwards .
The Edwards story - showing stunning recklessness in a potential president - legitimized the reporting of the National Enquirer , and made their reporting in this news cycle legit .
And the story - subsequently reported and endorsed in the New York Times and every mainstream media source - was less relevant to public life than Palin's .
Because by the time the story broke , Edwards was out of the race .
Palin is not just in the race , she 's ahead - and we have six weeks to go .
It is , I 'd argue , the duty of the press and the blogosphere to ask any factual and fair questions to which there can be clear and factual answers .
And this open book is all the more important when a candidate has been foisted on the national scene as a total unknown , and the public has been given almost no time to understand who might be the next president of the United States .
The idea that we should give " deference " to this candidate , unlike any other candidate or vice - president in modern history , is simply nonsense , when it is n't chilling .
In 2008 , in mid-September , we are not even allowed to ask questions about Palin 's real and actual life as a mother - as - governor ?
That notion is as absurd as the Palin candidacy itself , in my judgment .
Of open books , any sincere and legitimate factual question is askable .
I notice too that a leading Alaskan politician , Andrew Halcro , a former state legislator who ran against Palin for governor , is now on record saying :
" I used to think that ' family ' [ sic ] was off - limits , as far as politicians go .
But Sarah Palin uses her kids as campaign props .
Her son Trig has his own page on the state website .
Her daughter Piper gets her travel paid when she goes to state events . "
It seems to me that if you are on record saying that your life is an open book , and you have a state - run web - page about your infant son , and your own children 's travel is paid for by the state , and you presented your infant son at a convention televised across the entire world , and you sent out a press release outing your own daughter 's current pregnancy , then it is not despicable , evil , vile or outrageous for the press to ask factual , answerable questions about Sarah Palin 's experiences as a pregnant and non-pregnant mother and about her marriage and about her parenting of her children .
Palin herself just said so .
Please email me and tell me why I 'm wrong about this .
I want to air all possible views and dissents .
I want to do the right thing , to learn as much as we can about this woman .
All I want is to know more - about this new , unknown , clearly dishonest person who is asking to be elected a potential president of the United States by next January .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
For the past 26 years , black candidates seeking statewide office have been seemingly threatened by the elusive “ Bradley effect . ”
But what always gets overlooked is the fact that the only black person to ever lose a statewide election due to the so - called Bradley effect was Tom Bradley - if that is indeed why he lost .
Tom Bradley , the former mayor of Los Angeles ran an excellent campaign for the governorship of California in 1982 , and he was ahead by as much as 5 percentage points in most polls .
Despite garnering more than 3,750,000 votes he lost by roughly 100,000 to Republican candidate George Deukmejian .
There were n’t any underhanded racial antics or nasty ads , just a policy difference on how to combat crime and a massive get - out - the - vote effort by the Republicans that proved to be the difference .
Since then , as election day nears , invariably pollsters and the media surmise that the black candidate could lose despite good poll numbers because whites polled are lying when they say they will vote for the black candidate or are undecided , when they have known all along they would n’t vote for a black person .
This is absolute nonsense .
Of course there are whites in this country who would not vote for a black person out of a sense of fear that their perceived racial dominance is being threatened .
But it is the politics of stagnation to say that every time a black person wins by a small margin or loses an election , the root cause is their race .
It ’s also insulting to claim that a black person who wins has to win by huge numbers in order to be legitimately viewed as overcoming America ’s race problem .
When Harold Washington won the Chicago mayoral election in 1983 he was tagged with the Bradley effect .
Some polls showed Mr. Washington up by as much as 14 percentage points in the city , an oddity in a three - way race .
He won by four percentage points , a landslide under the circumstances .
In the case of former Virginia Gov. L. Douglas Wilder , a Democrat , pollsters surmised that Mr. Wilder was nine points ahead in the race - again terribly odd considering that the state rarely elected Democrats to any office in 1989 .
Yet when he won by a slim half - percent margin due to an excellent Democrat get - out - the - vote effort , somehow , that was n’t good enough .
Former Sen. Carol Moseley Braun , Illinois Democrat and the first black woman elected to the Senate , David Dinkins the first black mayor of New York City , three black mayors of Atlanta , Ga. , and at least 16 black members of Congress from majority white districts - many in the south - all were and continue to be saddled with this “ effect . ”
But that does n’t seem to keep them from winning .
Maybe the media will finally learn the biggest lesson of all : Early polls ca n’t be trusted and the only real poll that matters is the one on election day .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Barack Obama dismantles piece by piece the Republican " judgment " attack with the quote of the night .
The record 's clear : John McCain has voted with George Bush ninety percent of the time .
Senator McCain likes to talk about judgment , but really , what does it say about your judgment when you think George Bush has been right more than ninety percent of the time ?
I do n't know about you , but I 'm not ready to take a ten percent chance on change .
Download Download
Full transcript below :
Now let there be no doubt .
The Republican nominee , John McCain , has worn the uniform of our country with bravery and distinction , and for that we owe him our gratitude and respect .
And next week , we 'll also hear about those occasions when he 's broken with his party as evidence that he can deliver the change that we need .
But the record 's clear : John McCain has voted with George Bush ninety percent of the time .
Senator McCain likes to talk about judgment , but really , what does it say about your judgment when you think George Bush has been right more than ninety percent of the time ?
I do n't know about you , but I 'm not ready to take a ten percent chance on change .
The truth is , on issue after issue that would make a difference in your lives - on health care and education and the economy - Senator McCain has been anything but independent .
He said that our economy has made " great progress " under this President .
He said that the fundamentals of the economy are strong .
And when one of his chief advisors - the man who wrote his economic plan - was talking about the anxiety Americans are feeling , he said that we were just suffering from a " mental recession , " and that we 've become , and I quote , " a nation of whiners . "
A nation of whiners ?
Tell that to the proud auto workers at a Michigan plant who , after they found out it was closing , kept showing up every day and working as hard as ever , because they knew there were people who counted on the brakes that they made .
Tell that to the military families who shoulder their burdens silently as they watch their loved ones leave for their third or fourth or fifth tour of duty .
These are not whiners .
They work hard and give back and keep going without complaint .
These are the Americans that I know .
Now , I do n't believe that Senator McCain does n't care what 's going on in the lives of Americans .
I just think he does n't know .
Why else would he define middle - class as someone making under five million dollars a year ?
How else could he propose hundreds of billions in tax breaks for big corporations and oil companies but not one penny of tax relief to more than one hundred million Americans ?
How else could he offer a health care plan that would actually tax people 's benefits , or an education plan that would do nothing to help families pay for college , or a plan that would privatize Social Security and gamble your retirement ?
It 's not because John McCain does n't care .
It 's because John McCain does n't get it .
For over two decades , he 's subscribed to that old , discredited Republican philosophy - give more and more to those with the most and hope that prosperity trickles down to everyone else .
In Washington , they call this the Ownership Society , but what it really means is - you 're on your own .
Out of work ?
Tough luck .
No health care ?
The market will fix it .
Born into poverty ?
Pull yourself up by your own bootstraps - even if you do n't have boots .
You 're on your own .
Well it 's time for them to own their failure .
It 's time for us to change America .
Within the scope of an international rescue excavation project , a team of four archaeologists specialized in Middle Eastern affairs headed by Dr. Dirk Wicke ( Institute of Egyptology and Ancient Near Eastern Studies ) have unearthed parts of a Neo - Assyrian governor 's palace dating back to the 9th to 7th century BCE in a two - month excavation program amongst the ruins on Ziyaret Tepe .
The discoveries were extraordinary .
The site in the south - east of Turkey ( Diyarbakir province ) is at risk from the construction of the Ilisu Dam .
For several years now it has been investigated by teams from the universities of Akron ( Ohio ) , Cambridge , Munich and Istanbul ( Marmara University ) in a joint excavation project .
Sponsorship by the research funds of the Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz in 2007 and 2008 gave its archaeologists the opportunity to become involved in this international and multi-disciplinary project .
There are plans to continue the project for another three years .
The Upper Tigris region came under the sway of the Assyrians in the middle of the second millennium BCE .
They established their provincial capital in Tushan which is identified today as Ziyaret Tepe .
According to historical inscriptions by the Assyrian ruler Assurnasirpal II it is certain that the construction of an administrative palace in Tushan dates back to the year 882 BCE .
The excavation area of the Mainz team comprises the topmost parts of the acropolis , which must have been subsumed by the governor 's palace .
Parts of the private residential area and a courtyard have already been uncovered .
The main rooms were well equipped - amongst the findings were colorful wall paintings and a facility for an oven on wheels .
But the most unusual discovery was the excavation of cremations in pits within the extensive courtyard area .
Five installations have been found to date , two of which were undisturbed and contained opulent burial goods .
In the rectangular graves of approximately 1.50 m x 2.00 m in size , for example , a considerable layer of ash and burned bones as well as numerous bronze vessels , sumptuous stone and ivory receptacles , carved ivory objects , seals , and beads were found .
These items indicate the high status of the people buried here .
They are believed to have been residents of the palace .
These objects are very similar to those found in the Assyrian capitals of Assur and Kalhu / Nimrud in modern day Iraq .
In addition to the cremation remains found this year , a rare treasure trove of more than 20 bronze vessels was discovered under the paving stones in the courtyard .
These include a jug , a wine ladle , a sieve , several bowls and cups , mostly made from embossed bronze , which are now waiting to be restored .
This will reveal their elaborate ornamentation which can already be made out under the corrosion layer .
The archaeological research project at Ziyaret Tepe ( Turkey ) undertaken by the Institute of Ancient Near Eastern Studies of Mainz University , which was set up 10 years ago , adds a new field archaeological portfolio alongside the excavations in Haft Tappeh and Tchogha Zanbil ( Iran ) .
It enables its students to work in the region in which they specialize and makes them part of an international research project .
So , last update , i dont do more ...:
1. Does n't kill X or itself anymore
2. Displays a " wanna send home " message after killing a process ... ( Qt )
Recentupdates :
1 . Now you can choose one of 4 different windows - systems to emulate ...
2 . It will emulate the memory - usage too ...
3. Creates an " Microsoft " - Link on your Desktop
YouTube
September 6 , 2008
Luke Rudkowski , the founder of We Are Change , joins The Corbett Report to talk about the various events planned for the 7th anniversary of 9/11 in New York City on 9/11/08 .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
BAGHDAD ( CNN ) --
Three Iraq boys were killed in an airstrike in eastern Baghdad on Saturday as they were sifting through trash , looking for stuff to sell , said a 10 - year - old boy wounded in the attack .
Ambulances sit damaged after a U.S. attack Saturday near Baghdad 's Al - Sadr Hospital .
" I was hit by an American helicopter , " Ahmed Yahya said .
" I was with a group of about 10 children who were collecting empty soft drink cans in Jamila .
We have n't done anything . "
U.S. military officials confirmed firing two Hellfire missiles at a rooftop in the vicinity about the same time that the boy said the attack took place .
However , they say the only damage U.S. forces saw was to the rooftop .
Another boy said his brother died in the attack .
Dr. Jawad al - Mousawi , chief doctor at Imam Ali hospital in Sadr City , said the hospital received the bodies of three boys and a wounded boy about 2 p.m .
He said the hospital saw three other fatalities and treated 23 wounded people from airstrikes and fighting across the city .
An ambulance driver at the hospital said it took three hours to transport the boys because of fighting in the area .
Elsewhere in Baghdad , U.S. soldiers killed five suspected militants and detained 24 others in fighting Friday and Saturday in the city 's southern Rashid district .
Earlier Saturday at least 28 people were wounded in a U.S. attack on a building near a hospital in Baghdad 's sprawling Sadr City area , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said .
Employees of al - Sadr Hospital were among the wounded , and the facility 's property sustained damage , including to some ambulances , the official said .
In a statement , the U.S. military said the strike targeted " known criminal elements . "
" We did hit the target , which was a criminal command and control center , which was near a hospital , " the military said , adding that it was assessing damages .
Watch scenes of damage near the hospital »
The Interior Ministry official called the attack an airstrike , but the U.S. military said it was a guided multiple - launch rocket system strike .
These guided rockets are launched from armored vehicles .
Al - Sadr Hospital is one of the two main medical facilities in the district , where Iraqi and U.S. troops have been battling Shiite militias loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr .
The strike left a large hole in the ground near the hospital , video footage showed .
Chunks of concrete and other rubble covered the ground , and car windows were shattered .
The southern portion of Sadr City has been walled off so that U.S. military and Iraqi security forces can control movements there .
Other developments
• Four U.S. Marines were killed Saturday when their vehicle struck a roadside bomb in Iraq 's al Anbar Province , the military said .
Their names were withheld pending notification of their families .
• Turkey 's military said Saturday that it had killed more than 150 Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq in an operation that ended early Friday , according to a statement on the military 's Web site .
Turkey has been staging attacks against rebels with the PKK , or Kurdistan Workers ' Party , in the Qandil Mountain region in northern Iraq .
A PKK official said Friday there were no party casualties .
• A roadside bomb exploded Saturday at a traffic patrol in the western part of Baghdad , killing an Iraqi traffic police officer and wounding eight others , including six traffic police officers , a ministry official said .
• Overnight , six people were killed and 25 were wounded in Sadr City , the Interior Ministry said .
The U.S. military said it killed six " criminals . "
On Friday , U.S. forces killed eight suspected militants during 10 hours of fighting in the Shiite neighborhood , a military statement said .
• A U.S. soldier on combat patrol in eastern Baghdad was killed Friday when a roadside bomb struck the soldier 's vehicle , the military said .
The number of U.S. military deaths in the Iraq war stands at 4,066 , including eight Defense Department contractors .
E-mail to a friend
All About Sadr City • Iraq War • Baghdad
CNN looks into ' McCain 's Wandering Eyes ' video David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday September 3 , 2008
Print This Email
This A widely - circulated clip of John McCain introducing Sarah Palin as his running - mate has provoked suggestions that he was more interested in " checking her out " than in listening to what she had to say .
Videos based on the clip quickly appeared on YouTube , the most popular of which was titled " McCain 's Wandering Eyes " and set to the strains of Oscar Hammerstein 's " Getting to Know You . "
Now CNN has picked up the story .
" Apparently even the most innocent of glances can get a politician accused of eying the opposite sex a little too much , " anchor John Roberts explained .
" Watch John McCain 's eyes , " CNN 's Jeanne Moos suggested , showing the clip , in which McCain repeatedly glances downward as Palin speaks .
" Watch John McCain 's eyes .
Two times ... no , three times ... no , ten times in the first minute of introducing his running - mate , his eyes wandered downward "
" And that , " continued Moos , " led to this -- a YouTube hit that made it seem like Senator McCain was casting a backside glance at his attractive new running - mate . "
However , after reviewing previous cases of possibly hasty charges based on brief video clips of McCain and other politicians , Moos concluded there was nothing to the rumor .
" We 're convinced he was just catching a look at whatever was on the podium , " she stated .
" The moral of the story ?
Do n't look down . "
Blogger Jed Lewison , who created the " Wandering Eyes " video , acknowledged the validity of the Moos debunking but continued to insist that he was basically correct .
" I half agree with Jeanne , " Lewison wrote .
" Based on the angle of his eyes , I never really thought he was taking a backside glance -- I always thought it was a frontside glance , if you know what I mean .
And I think Palin sensed it too , given the way she pulls away from him when he goes in for the creepy hug at the end . "
McCain has also raised eyebrows by calling Palin " a partner and a soulmate " -- a remark which the Huffington Post called " astonishing considering he had met Palin only once before he selected her as his vice presidential running mate " -- and the gossip seems unlikely to die down at any time soon .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast September 3 , 2008 .
Download video
Bob Chapman | October 11 , 2008
The heart of the current crisis is the quadrillion plus derivative market .
Roughly half of these derivatives are listed on exchanges , but the other half are on the totally unregulated , totally opaque , poorly documented and mostly naked ( no reserves or collateral given to secure performance ) OTC derivatives market .
The subprime and Alt - A mortgage debacles , and the soon to be recognized prime mortgage debacle , are little more than a side show with what will become their one to two trillion in losses which the Phony - Fraudie nationalization and the Paulson Ponzi Plunder Plan are meant to address , albeit futilely .
However , the real estate derivative problems created by these debacles have been important catalysts leading to the loss of confidence that is preventing banks from lending to one another , because these problems , like a Zippo lighter on high flame , metaphorically speaking , have lit the fuse leading to the quadrillion dollar powder keg waiting to blow any day now , and Hanky Panky and Helicopter Ben are running around like raving , corporatist , fascist lunatics trying to stomp out the lit fuse before the whole world financial system goes up in a blaze of glory .
It is this powder keg that has everyone trembling with fear and foreboding , because the inevitable losses will be catastrophic , with losses which may exceed the entire world 's GDP , thus obliterating the balance sheets of every major Wall Street commercial bank , including the Fed itself , while virtually every major bank and financial institution in nations throughout the world join them on the receiving end of a destructive juggernaut of loss , insolvency , failure and bankruptcy .
In the aftermath , most will be nationalized .
All of Western Civilization is about to become a smoldering collection of fascist police states .
The entire world financial system is headed for oblivion , and there is nothing on earth that can stop it .
All they can do currently is try to delay and hide the destruction so that they can continue to milk their Ponzi system dry , ripping off the sheople in one final orgy of fraud and profligacy before the government and financial system are merged into an all - powerful super - entity that will rule all non-insider institutions with an iron fist .
Frankly , from what we have seen lately , we are already there .
The final step to nationalization of our financial system will be little more than a formality .
Their intention is to take total control , to make markets do whatever pleases them , thus creating their own reality .
The Paulson Ponzi Plunder Plan is the first installment of their final attempt to bankrupt the sheople , who they hope to beat into submission by hyper - inflating and Weimarizing them with bailout after bailout , ad nauseam , knowing full well that these bailouts are futile and useless .
The Illuminati will now attempt to force the poor , hapless sheople into a fascist police state as the next giant step toward the creation of a New World Disorder called Novus Ordo Seclorum ( a New Order of the Ages ) , as set forth on the back of every dollar bill under the all - seeing eye overlooking the unfinished pyramid , both symbols of the new age , the occult and the ancient mystery religions .
What else would you expect from the satanic trillionaires who hope to become the new lords of the universe .
Nice try fellas , but we suspect that God , the current and eternal Lord of the Universe , has other plans .
Many of their own henchmen are going to go down in the chaos to follow , but the raving madmen we refer to as the Illuminati will gleefully sacrifice them on the alter of world government .
The New World Disorder is the hope and dream of the Illuminati which they have been planning for centuries .
But we believe that something is going to happen on the way to that Forum , and that in the end they are all going to end up " swingin ' in the breeze . "
Their plans are unraveling .
The destruction is far greater than they had planned .
The whole plan is going up in smoke thanks to the bungling of their " Chaos " henchmen in our government and on Wall Street .
To think that they attempted to use naked credit default swaps to cover bonds and derivatives secured by houses borrowers could not afford on such a gargantuan scale tells you everything you need to know about their financial acumen .
They even permitted ownership of derivatives by those who did not own the underlying assets to be hedged ( known as " dry derivatives , " which are essentially the equivalent of insurance policies taken out on someone or something in whom the policy holder has no insurable interest ) , thus turning the world 's financial markets into a giant gambling casino , with the added bonus that many unscrupulous people were put into a position where they could force an event that would give them a big payoff without suffering any pain on their end .
In essence , by coming up with all these obtuse , Byzantine , rocket - scientist - created derivatives , the smugly clever Illuminati have finally outsmarted themselves .
Then there is the one - rate - fits - all plan in the now - doomed European Union .
What a freaking blooper that was !
We have been saying that this conglomerate banking scheme could not work from the inception of this ill - conceived union of what are very diverse and culturally unique nations , but of course no one listened .
They have so thoroughly destroyed the financial system that there is now no hope of keeping the EU together .
The plan did not even work well in a period of substantial prosperity , and now they are going to attempt to keep the plan going in circumstances , which are the antithesis of prosperity .
Good Luck !
If they had n't allowed their system to be corrupted by all these financial weapons of mass destruction , out of their unending , boundless greed to milk their sheople , they might have had a shot at preserving the EU and then moving on to world government .
Now they are the proud owners of 75 % of all the toxic waste derivatives produced by the American branch of the Illuminati .
And they have piles of banking bonds covered by credit default swaps issued by AIG , and by who knows what other zombie entity , so their stock and bond ratings , as well as their cost of capital , are in serious jeopardy .
As the implosion of these derivatives transpires , the majority of their economies are going down in flames as inflation , recession , and eventually depression set in , adding to their already substantial woes .
Their fascist dream is about to go up in flames along with their precious EU , the revived British Mercantilist system and the debt - based , fractional reserve Ponzi scheme of the evil European bankers and their Black Nobility clientele .
Their American counterparts will fare little better .
Note that the major Wall Street investment banks , all leveraged to the hilt , are now all gone , whether by bankruptcy , buyout or change of charter .
Goldman Sachs , the only investment bank , which has retained its namesake , other than the bankrupt Lehman Brothers , is on the verge of going under in a Bear Stearns - like squeeze on their liquidity and net equity .
The recent demise of all these investment banks is just the first round .
Things are going to get much worse as the money from the Paulson Ponzi Plunder Plan gets doled out to the various Illuminist toadies .
The latest idea , suggested by the Bank of England ( what a feeling of confidence we get knowing that this bastion of financial acumen supports this idea ! ) and now adopted by Hanky Panky , is to make liquidity injections into the fraudster banks in return for equity positions , such as preferred stock ownership .
What a joke .
Like that is going to chase the credit default swap monster away and restore a feeling of safety and confidence so banks can start lending again .
We have news for you .
Even the bondholders of these toxic waste sites are going to get vaporized , so the sheople stockholders can expect to get a Big Zippo .
At least by acquiring toxic waste assets we might have an outside chance of picking up some chump change later , but with this new plan to fleece the sheople , you are throwing your money down a rat hole .
We are told that this will get the money to where it is needed faster .
The only " faster " we see is the rate at which taxpayers will get fleeced .
All these toxic cesspool repositories are headed for bankruptcy and nationalization .
All you will be doing is keeping people employed with exorbitant salaries and bonuses as they continue to rip you off with insider trading and fraudulent derivative schemes .
These witless , pipe - dreaming dolts seem to think that they can get their fractional reserve multiplier going again as the Illuminati try to reinvigorate and re-inflate rampant market speculation along with their profligate money and credit system .
They seem to think they can re-inflate the otherwise tanking real estate markets , using their perfect fraud machines , Phony and Fraudie , because they no longer have to worry about ticking off wealthy , influential and politically connected entities that own their stocks .
All losses that are suffered by Phony and Fraudie will now go directly to the sheople , do not pass Go , do not collect $ 200 .
What are these people thinking ?
Again we say : " It 's the swaps , stupid !! ! "
The credit default swaps will be the first to blow as we move from hundreds of billions to trillions in quarterly losses .
That will send risk into the ozone while the bailouts send inflation into the stratosphere .
And that of course means double - digit interest rates are on the way , which are the main fuse leading to the interest rate swap powder keg , which is the largest of all the derivative powder kegs by notional value , and thus by potential loss .
Take JP Morgan Chase for example , and their $ 90 trillion derivative portfolio by notional value .
Let 's say that $ 50 trillion are in interest rate swaps .
If they have even a mere two percent overhang where they have to pay out variable rates of interest on two percent more of their total interest rate swaps than the portion of swaps on which they are , by contrast , receiving variable rates of interest , they could suffer horrendous losses that could easily put them under .
Let 's say that everything balances at 4 % .
But now rates move to 14 % as everyone totally ignores the rates set by the central banks sending LIBOR and T - Bill rates to unheard of levels , which are the types of rate indexes commonly used in these swaps .
( Note that corporate debt in Europe , due to the lack of so - called insurance from credit default swaps , has already doubled from previous lower single digit rates into much higher double - digit rates in the 12 % area ) .
Two percent of $ 50 trillion is a trillion dollars of notional value overhang on which you are now paying out ten percent more , and ten percent of one trillion is $ 100 billion , a killer loss .
That would put them under .
Even an overhang of only one half of one percent pumps out a loss of $ 25 billion .
And what if the overhang is 5 % , or 10 % , or 20 % ?
With an overhang of 20 % , we hit one trillion in losses .
Now , what if rates go to 24 % ?
And this is only one bank !
As you can see , assuming that the system can survive the credit default swaps , which we very seriously doubt , we will be jumping out of the fire only to land face down in a red - hot frying pan .
It is only fitting that the credit - default swaps lie at the heart of the problem , which the fraudster banks now face .
When you look at what has been done by these reprobates in the past , this is a most fitting fate for them .
First , they had President Reagan pass an Executive Order in 1988 forming the President 's Working Group on Financial Markets so they could manipulate markets 24/7 with the PPT .
That was forced by the 1987 Stock Market Crash , an event orchestrated by the Illuminati to convince everyone that we had to have an interventional team to stop such extreme market gyrations .
Then Slick Willie does away with Glass - Steagall in 1999 to do away with the system of checks and balances that allowed banks to pass on paper that was falsely rated as AAA on to their patsy clients .
Then for a double whammy , Slick Willie leaves OTC derivatives unregulated with the passage of the Commodity Futures Modernization Act in 2000 , so Wall Street could write insurance policies called credit default swaps without having to comply with annoying , silly and burdensome rules requiring such things as loss reserves or an insurable interest .
These were all passed to cover up the devastating losses our economy was suffering on account of free trade , globalization , off - shoring , outsourcing and both legal and illegal immigration .
The PPT moved our markets , contrary to what market fundamentals would indicate , to give the appearance of prosperity when we were really getting hammered by the free trade agenda .
Our government chimed in with their deceitful and fraudulent economic statistics by use of hedonics .
Then credit default swaps were used to falsely suppress interest rates by insuring the risk of default for potential investors , and never mind that there were no loss reserves , collateral or requirement of an insurable interest .
AAA credit was assigned to otherwise risky companies based on Ponzi scam bond insurers who were insuring bonds with little or nothing to back up their promises .
If our corporations were forced to pay the higher rates demanded by the market without the benefit of these swaps , our corporate earnings would have been dismal , and would have reflected the losses suffered by the globalist free trade agenda .
Then the falsely rated subprime derivatives were created so that Wall Street could earn oodles of fees , commissions and spreads by continually rolling over the same money which they were borrowing short - term and lending long - term .
These earnings helped to boost our GDP and thus to further cover up the losses being suffered by our bloodied manufacturing sector as everyone became Walmart greeters and hamburger flippers instead of being tool and die makers and machinists and as 5 million of our best - paying jobs were moved overseas .
Let 's hear it for the Illuminist free trade agenda .
Yeah , rah .
It appears that for whatever reason the Illuminati now want Obama to become president instead of McCain .
The current financial carnage is of course being associated with Caligula , and since McCain is a Caligula Clone , by association he gets hit vicariously with voter ire .
Listen to the two of them promise to save the borrowers who were given mortgages based on fraudulent information about their financial circumstances .
Let 's bail them out too .
Why should the fraudsters on Main Street be treated any differently than the fraudsters on Wall Street ?
Now we will have equal opportunity bailouts .
It 's enough to make you puke .
Worse yet , Obama is the biggest recipient of big banking largesse in the form of campaign contributions , especially from Fannie and Freddie , and he actively encouraged these organizations to pump out mortgages to people who could not afford them .
Fortunately for Obama , McCain is not much better .
So what 's going down in Illuminati town ?
In pondering the current pounding of gold and silver , we smell lots of rats .
We hold out to you the following potential scenario : On September 15 and 16 , the Illuminati thought they had the precious metals markets under wraps , driving gold below $ 800 per ounce and silver below $ 11 per ounce , in anticipation of their coming announcement of the Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch debacles that were made public late on September 16 .
Then the specs go wild , and gold is up $ 90 in one day , giving the Illuminists a collective myocardial infarction .
As punishment for such insolence , on Friday , September 19 , the SEC takes away their right to short 800 financial companies , a big money maker .
They are told to butt out , or they will never get to place another short again , but if they cooperate , they will get the mother of all crashes , which they can short with impunity .
Note how open interest in COMEX gold futures declined from 398,386 contracts on September 15 to 321,021 on October 8 .
Yet the price of gold during this period kept pressing past $ 900 , which means that there was some short - covering to the tune of some 77,000 contracts .
The specs under threat from the SEC , are told to butt out while the commercials cover their shorts .
They are told that a crash is on its way , so they short all the non-financials , and stay out of the commodity markets .
Then the Paulson Plan is introduced around September 20 , and prior to the vote , the markets are crashed to make it look like a " no " vote will send us into the deepest depths of Mordor , knowing all along that markets will be crashed anyway no matter how Congress votes .
Fortunes are being made shorting with knowledge of when markets will be crashed .
A short - covering rally occurs on Tuesday , September 30 , as word is received that the Paulson Plan will be reconsidered and probably passed , but insiders know this is all for show as roughly half of Monday 's 777 point loss on the Dow is recovered .
Markets are crashed again on October 1 and 2 erasing Tuesday 's gains , those being the two days leading up to the second vote on October 3 , to convince Congressional boneheads that the Paulson Plan must be passed to save the markets , and when the vote starts to look positive on October 3 , up the markets go in the early going that day just before the vote in order to give our bribed and threatened Congressional morons the impression that markets will rally if the Paulson Plan is passed .
Congressional dimwitted idiots pass the bill , and the markets nose - dive , all as planned .
On October 6 , paragon of virtue Jim Cramer scares the living daylights out of retirees , telling them they must get out of the markets .
Panic hits the streets , and the cascade of losses is under way .
The shorts are now cleaning up and are rolling in dough , but of course that was not enough for them .
The Paulson Ponzi Plunder Plan also calls for an end to the ban on shorts against financials just before midnight on Wednesday , October 8 , and because the specs have all been good little boys , the SEC lets the ban on shorts expire even though they could have extended it another week .
The bloodbath continues on Thursday and Friday as the financials get bombed , the specs are fat and happy , and down go gold and silver while the grateful specs look the other way .
Meanwhile , the carry trade is unwound and both the dollar and the yen go ballistic due to the crashes around the globe which send traders into yen and dollars to buy Japanese and US treasuries , respectively , and the yen even outperforms the dollar , causing precious metal liquidations by thoroughly bloodying carry traders while the stronger dollar hits the metals also .
And of course , just as we predicted , oil gets hammered below 80 , giving more dollar support through the euro effect , and reducing the need for gold and silver as a hedge against higher oil costs .
LIVINGSTON , Mont. ( September 17 , 2008 ) – The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will withdraw its decision to remove endangered species protections from the gray wolf in the Northern Rockies , according to press reports .
Federal protections of wolves will continue for wolves in Yellowstone , Central Idaho and Glacier ecosystems .
This development comes on the heels of a federal judge ’s decision on a suit brought by NRDC and 11 other conservation groups that blocked the delisting decision .
Recently the Department of Interior has been roundly criticized over proposed changes to the Endangered Species Act .
“ More than 100 wolves were needlessly killed as a result of the government ’s ill - fated delisting effort — and hundreds more would have been shot this fall if federal protections had not been restored , ” said Louisa Willcox of the Natural Resources Defense Council .
“ One of the Endangered Species Act ’s greatest success stories would quickly be undone if the killing had continued , And that death toll confirms the need for wolves to retain federal protection until their populations increase and state agencies can demonstrate that they are capable of managing wolf populations responsibly . ”
With the initial delisting in February , temporary control of wolves moved to state management plans in Wyoming , Montana , and Idaho .
Wolf hunts began immediately in Wyoming ’s “ predator zone , ” where wolves were allowed to be shot on sight .
All three states authorized wolf hunts which were slated to begin this fall .
Conservation groups sued the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in late April , arguing that the government ’s decision to delist the wolves was illegal , and that the population was too small and vulnerable to be healthy in the long - term .
They also argued that to maintain genetic diversity , wolves needed to be able to move between breeding groups among the Yellowstone , Central Idaho and Glacier populations .
The groups successfully requested the federal court to reinstate Endangered Species Act protections , while considering arguments that delisting the wolf was unlawful .
The lawsuit was filed by Earthjustice on behalf of NRDC , Defenders of Wildlife , Sierra Club , Center for Biological Diversity , The Humane Society of the United States , Jackson Hole Conservation Alliance , Friends of the Clearwater , Alliance for the Wild Rockies , Oregon Wild , Cascadia Wildlands Project , Western Watersheds Project , and Wildlands Project .
“ This is likely a temporary victory , ” said Andrew Wetzler , Director of NRDC ’s Endangered Species Project .
“ The states will learn their lessons from this experience and mount another delisting effort down the line .
But the continued recovery and federal protection for the wolf is still a big win for the Endangered Species Act .
It shows that the Endangered Species Act works . ”
Tens of thousands gray wolves once roamed North America before being slaughtered and eliminated from 95 percent of their habitat in lower 48 states in the 1930s .
The gray wolf was listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act in 1973 .
The reintroduction of wolves by the federal government 12 years ago has been widely hailed as a major success story .
It has measurably improved the natural balance in the Northern Rockies and benefited bird , antelope and elk populations .
Many thousands of visitors flock to Yellowstone National Park each year to see and hear wolves in the wild , contributing at least $ 35 million to the local economy each year , according to some studies .
Of course Katharine Gun was free to have a conscience , as long as it did n't interfere with her work at a British intelligence agency .
To the authorities , practically speaking , a conscience was apt to be less tangible than a pixel on a computer screen .
But suddenly -- one routine morning , while she was scrolling through e-mail at her desk -- conscience struck .
It changed Katharine Gun 's life , and it changed history .
Despite the nationality of this young Englishwoman , her story is profoundly American -- all the more so because it has remained largely hidden from the public in the United States .
When Katharine Gun chose , at great personal risk , to reveal an illicit spying operation at the United Nations in which the U.S. government was the senior partner , she brought out of the transatlantic shadows a special relationship that could not stand the light of day .
By then , in early 2003 , the president of the United States -- with dogged assists from the British prime minister following close behind -- had long since become transparently determined to launch an invasion of Iraq .
Gun 's moral concerns were not unusual ; she shared , with countless other Brits and Americans , strong opposition to the impending launch of war .
Yet , thanks to a simple and intricate twist of fate , she abruptly found herself in a rare position to throw a roadblock in the way of the political march to war from Washington and London .
Far more extraordinary , though , was her decision to put herself in serious jeopardy on behalf of revealing salient truths to the world .
We might envy such an opportunity , and admire such courage on behalf of principle .
But there are good , or at least understandable , reasons why so few whistleblowers emerge from institutions that need conformity and silence to lay flagstones on the path to war .
Those reasons have to do with matters of personal safety , financial security , legal jeopardy , social cohesion and default positions of obedience .
They help to explain why and how people go along to get along with the warfare state even when it flagrantly rests on foundations of falsehoods .
The e-mailed memorandum from the U.S. National Security Agency that jarred Katharine Gun that fateful morning was dated less than two months before the invasion of Iraq that was to result in thousands of deaths among the occupying troops and hundreds of thousands more among Iraqi people .
We 're told that this is a cynical era , but there was nothing cynical about Katharine Gun 's response to the memo that appeared without warning on her desktop .
Reasons to shrug it off were plentiful , in keeping with bottomless rationales for prudent inaction .
The basis for moral engagement and commensurate action was singular .
The import of the NSA memo was such that it shook the government of Tony Blair and caused uproars on several continents .
But for the media in the United States , it was a minor story .
For the New York Times , it was no story at all .
At last , a new book tells this story .
" The Spy Who Tried to Stop a War " packs a powerful wallop .
To understand in personal , political and historic terms -- what Katharine Gun did , how the British and American governments responded , and what the U.S. news media did and did not report -- is to gain a clear - eyed picture of a military - industrial - media complex that plunged ahead with the invasion of Iraq shortly after her brave action of conscience .
That complex continues to promote what Martin Luther King Jr. called " the madness of militarism . "
In a time when political players and widely esteemed journalists are pleased to posture with affects of great sophistication , Katharine Gun 's response was disarmingly simple .
She activated her conscience when clear evidence came into her hands that war -- not diplomacy seeking to prevent it -- headed the priorities list of top leaders at both 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue and 10 Downing Street .
" At the time , " she has recalled , " all I could think about was that I knew they were trying really hard to legitimize an invasion , and they were willing to use this new intelligence to twist arms , perhaps blackmail delegates , so they could tell the world they had achieved a consensus for war . "
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
She and her colleagues at the Government Communications Headquarters were , as she later put it , " being asked to participate in an illegal process with the ultimate aim of achieving an invasion in violation of international law . "
The authors of " The Spy Who Tried to Stop a War , " Marcia and Thomas Mitchell , describe the scenario this way : " Twisting the arms of the recalcitrant [ U.N. Security Council ] representatives in order to win approval for a new resolution could supply the universally acceptable rationale . "
After Katharine
Gun discovered what was afoot , " she attempted to stop a war by destroying its potential trigger mechanism , the required second resolution that would make war legal . "
Instead of mere accusation , the NSA memo provided substantiation .
That fact explains why U.S. intelligence agencies firmly stonewalled in response to media inquiries -- and it may also help to explain why the U.S. news media gave the story notably short shrift .
To a significant degree , the scoop did not reverberate inside the American media echo chamber because it was too sharply telling to blend into the dominant orchestrated themes .
While supplying the ostensible first draft of history , U.S. media filtered out vital information that could refute the claims of Washington 's exalted war planners .
" Journalists , too many of them -- some quite explicitly -- have said that they see their mission as helping the war effort , " an American media critic warned during the lead - up to the invasion of Iraq .
" And if you define your mission that way , you 'll end up suppressing news that might be important , accurate , but maybe is n't helpful to the war effort . "
Jeff Cohen ( a friend and colleague of mine ) spoke those words before the story uncorked by Katharine Gun 's leak splashed across British front pages and then scarcely dribbled into American media .
He uttered them on the MSNBC television program hosted by Phil Donahue , where he worked as a producer and occasional on - air analyst .
Donahue 's prime - time show was cancelled by NBC management three weeks before the invasion -- as it happened , on almost the same day that the revelation of the NSA memo became such a big media story in the United Kingdom and such a carefully bypassed one in the United States .
Soon a leaked NBC memo confirmed suspicions that the network had pulled the plug on Donahue 's show in order to obstruct views and information that would go against the rush to war .
The network memo said that the Donahue program would present a " difficult public face for NBC in a time of war . "
And : " He seems to delight in presenting guests who are antiwar , anti-Bush and skeptical of the administration 's motives . "
Cancellation of the show averted the danger that it could become " a home for the liberal antiwar agenda at the same time that our competitors are waving the flag at every opportunity . "
Overall , to the editors of American mass media , the actions and revelations of Katharine Gun merited little or no reporting -- especially when they mattered most .
My search of the comprehensive LexisNexis database found that for nearly three months after her name was first reported in the British media , U.S. news stories mentioning her scarcely existed .
When the prosecution of Katharine Gun finally concluded its journey through the British court system , the authors note , a surge of American news reports on the closing case " had people wondering why they had n't heard about the NSA spy operation at the beginning . "
This book includes an account of journalistic evasion that is a grim counterpoint to the story of conscience and courage that just might inspire us to activate more of our own .
Microsoft may be the only company in a position to provide " any real competition " for Google in the online search business , CEO Steve Ballmer said Thursday .
But first it will need to figure out a way to do it .
" We need to do some work to fundamentally reinvent the search business model , " Ballmer said during a dinner at the Churchill Club in Silicon Valley .
" You do n't brute - force your way into a market .
You only make great strides when you redefine the category for the user . "
And that will take some time .
" It 's a five - year task , " Ballmer said .
But Microsoft is ready to spend a lot of money trying .
The company told its shareholders recently that it was prepared to lose " 5 to 10 percent of total operating income for several years " to improve its position in search , Ballmer said .
The CEO offered little in the way of new insights during the evening , except that Microsoft will discuss " Project Red Dog , " its secretive cloud computing initiative , at the Microsoft Professional Developer Conference next month .
Red Dog has been described as " EC2 for Windows , " a comparison with Amazon 's Elastic Compute Cloud , said Ann Winblad , the venture capitalist who posed the questions to Ballmer .
She asked him to elaborate but he said she would have to wait for the conference in six weeks .
Asked about server virtualization , Ballmer said Microsoft aims to " democratize " the technology by offering lower prices , integrated management tools and better - quality software .
" If you want to have virtualization on 80 percent of servers instead of 5 percent , you 'd better not charge three times the price of the server for the software , " he said , in a jab at market leader VMware , which has been criticized for high prices .
Asked about smartphones , Ballmer said Nokia , Research in Motion and Apple will all lose out as the market expands over the next five years , because they design their own proprietary hardware and tie it closely to their software .
Nokia leads the smartphone market today with about a 30 percent share , he said .
" If you want to reach more than that , you have to separate the hardware and software in the platform , " he said .
In other words , he thinks the same strategy that helped Microsoft become the leader on the desktop -- licensing its OS for use by other hardware makers -- will let it win out on smartphones .
Long term , he said , the battle will be between the Symbian OS ( which is now open source ) , mobile versions of Linux and Windows Mobile .
Apple wo n't boost its share of the personal computer market or become a threat in the enterprise for similar reasons , according to Ballmer -- because it wo n't license its software to others .
" Apple 's a good company , I wo n't take anything away from them , but they have a certain kind of strategy .
They believe in putting the hardware and software together , they do n't believe in letting other people make it . "
" I'm not saying there is n't a threat " from Apple , he said .
But if Microsoft and its PC partners " do our jobs right , there 's really no reason Apple should get any footprint in the enterprise . "
Microsoft does " very well on balance " when it comes to software developers , he said .
But the company has two areas of weakness , according to Ballmer : high - performance and technical computing -- which is important to Microsoft because " there are 5 million engineers and they use a lot of compute power " -- and in Web server applications , where it is losing out to Linux and PHP .
" Forty percent of servers run Windows , 60 percent run Linux , " he said .
" How are we doing ?
Forty is less than 60 , so I do n't like it .
... We have some work to do . "
Winblad asked about the health of the IT business in light of the economic crisis in the U.S.
" At least for now , people I talk to in our business are relatively -- I would n't say optimistic -- but feel better than if all you did was watch CNBC all day , " Ballmer said , referring to the U.S. television news channel .
A member of the audience asked Ballmer how he manages his stress and stays healthy .
Ballmer , who looks thinner and fitter than he did a few years ago , said his regime consists of PowerBars " to keep the blood sugar steady , " " a constant dose of caffeine , " and running .
" I did a five - mile run this morning .
It does a lot to ease the stress and set up a good day . "
Welcome to the website of World War 3 Illustrated , a semiannual political comix magazine .
Since 1980 , we have made it our mission to shine a little reality on the fantasy world of the American kleptocracy .
comic book release party
World War 3 Illustrated # 43 EXPRESSION !
REPRESSION ! REVOLUTION !
Thursday , July 19th 7:30 pm
Le Petite Versailles Garden
346 East Houston Street
New York , NY
“ No idea should be unspeakable .
No emotion can be forever repressed .
No one is above criticism .
But critique , speech , and expression , are only meaningful in relation to the goals of liberating humanity and preserving nature . ”
World War 3
Illustrated presents its newest issue at a release party , with an evening of comic performances , music and of course , comics !
Mike Diana , Carlo Quispe , Seth Tobocman , Jenny Gonzalez - Blitz , Hilary Allison , Kenly Dillard , Rebecca Migdal , Eric Blitz , Andy Laties , Angeleyedealism , and Peter Kuper present comics addressing the topics of censorship and repression in all forms , from the banning of works of art to the busting of demonstrations to the self - censorship of our own thoughts .
Our international group of artists this issue includes : Sue Coe , Mike Diana , Peter Kuper , Magdy El Shafee , Kevin Pyle , Seth Tobocman , Gianlucca Costantini , Blu , Ganzeer , Sandy Jimenez , Frances Jetter and many others .
With stories about Occupy Wall Street , Julian Assange , The Comics Code Authority , Bradley Manning , Art School , David Wojnarowicz , A.R.A. , the Arab Spring and many other controversial subjects .
Published by WW3 Illustrated .
comic new york
March 24 - 25
Columbia University
Low Memorial Library
New York , NY
WW3 ’s Peter Kuper and Sabrina Jones will join an all - star gathering of comics professionals for the Comic New York symposium .
The two day event brings together creators and academics to discuss the intertwined histories of American comics and the town where they were born : New York City .
From the role of New York as breeding ground for generations of comics talent to the political , periodical , and alternative nature of the comics themselves , the best NYC has to offer celebrates this unique medium .
Check out the program here .
art show opening , comic book release party
Friday , November 18th , 2011 – 8 pm to 11pm
Sixth Street Community Center
638 East Sixth Street ( between Avenue B & C )
New York , NY
World War 3
Illustrated , the independent political comix magazine , presents its new issue , dedicated to the Arab Spring and the spirit of world - wide revolt it has inspired , at a gallery opening exhibiting original art and new work made in conjunction with the Occupy Everywhere movement .
“ Tahrir : Liberation from the Mideast to the Midwest , ” issue # 42 of World War 3 Illustrated , features new stories by cartoonists from Egypt , Lebanon , Kashmir , and Palestine as well as the United Kingdom and across the United States .
The editors , Seth Tobocman , Jordan Worley , and Ethan Heitner proudly present new work about the revolution in Egypt by Egyptian cartoonist Magdy El Shaffee , whose graphic novel Metro was banned by the previous Egyptian regime and will be published by MacMillan in 2012 in English .
The new issue also features work from artists present at the massive protests in Madison , Wisconsin , including Mike Konopacki , Nick Thorkelson , Paul Buhle and Sue Simensky .
Other featured artists include Eric Drooker , Peter Kuper , Seth Tobocman , Sabrina Jones , Jordan Worley , Sandy Jimenez , Ahmad Nady , Malik Sajad , Mazen Kerbaj , Tayseer Barakat , Ethan Heitner , Edd Baldry , and many others .
The opening and release party will feature live performances of pieces from the new issue and a planned live video conference with international artists .
The Sixth Street Community Center will also be hosting a month - long exhibit of original art from issue # 42 and new work made in response to this fall ’s iteration of the global protest movement , with work by : Tayseer Barakat , Jennifer Camper , Sue Coe , Marguerite Dabaie , Molly Fair , Ganzeer , Ethan Heitner , Sabrina Jones , Tom Keough , Peter Kuper , Carlo Quispe , Malik Sajad , Sue Simensky , David Solnit , Nick Thorkelson , Seth Tobocman , Tamara Tornado , and Jordan Worley .
“ graphic radicals ” : world war 3 illustrated retrospective dec. 7 – feb 5 at exit art in nyc
graphic radicals : 30 years of world war 3 illustrated
Location :
Exit Art
475 Tenth Ave ( at 36th )
New York , NY 10018
December 7 , 2010 – February 5 , 2011
Gallery Hours :
Tuesday – Thursday 10:00 am – 6:00 pm
Friday 10:00 am – 6:00 pm
Saturday 12:00 pm – 6:00 pm
Closing Reception : Friday , February 4 , 7 - 9 pm
Graphic Radicals is a 30th anniversary retrospective of World War 3 Illustrated , an independently published political comic magazine founded in 1980 by artists Seth Tobocman and Peter Kuper .
Comprised of original comics , drawings and paintings , posters , commissioned murals , documentary film , animation and a complete set of issues , Graphic Radicals will be the largest World War 3 exhibition to date and will highlight the history that World War 3 has scrutinized , documented , and participated in for three decades .
World War 3
Illustrated was first established in response to the Iran hostage crisis and impending election of Ronald Reagan and since then has confronted social and political issues ignored by the mainstream press .
The magazine is an annual publication produced by a collective of artists with each issue addressing a particular theme .
WW3 has covered topics as diverse as the Tompkins Square riot , homelessness , first - person accounts of 9/11 , the prison industrial complex , a teachers ’ strike in Mexico , Hurricane Katrina rescue efforts and , in the upcoming issue , the food chain .
Critic Lucy Lippard wrote of World War 3
Illustrated that its “ ecological and social prophecies are coming to pass , and the apocalyptic vision that gives WW3 its desperate force and unique identity is the present . ”
events
Tuesday , December 7 / 7-9pm
Opening Night : Issue # 41 Release Party
The opening of Graphic Radicals coincides with the release of World War 3 Illustrated : Issue # 41 – The Food Chain .
Copies of the issue will be available for purchase and artists from the magazine ’s long history will be on hand to sign
copies .
Everybody eats … but how do we stop from being eaten ?
This latest batch of new comics unearths some of the answers and asks the big questions about the food chain , our relationship to it and experiences with it .
Featuring work by Jennifer Camper , Sue Coe , Sandy Jimenez , Sabrina Jones , Peter Kuper , Mac McGill , Rebecca Migdal , Seth Tobocman and many others .
Edited by Ame Gilbert , Ethan Heitner , Sandy Jimenez , Rebecca Migdal , and Edwin Vazquez .
Friday , January 14 / 7-9pm
Picture the Homeless
With artist talks by Seth Tobocman , Mac Mcgill and Rebecca Migdal and
music by Eric Blitz and Andy Laties
Picture the Homeless is a grassroots organization of homeless men and women who fight to impact and change policies and systems on issues that directly effect the homeless population such as housing , police violence , and the shelter industrial complex .
Friday , January 21 / 7-9pm
Friends of Brad Will
With artist talks by Peter Kuper , Fly and Susan Simensky Bietila
Friends of Brad Will is a network of activists which promotes enhanced public awareness about the human rights abuses linked to the “ war on drugs . ”
In that context , it works to promote government policies and actions that result in accountability for the murder , in Mexico , of U.S. journalist Brad Will ; the release of and end to harassment of innocents and witnesses to his murder , who are being scapegoated with it ; and the rejection of Plan Mexico .
Wednesday , January 26 / 7-9pm
Milk Not Jails
With artists talks by Sabrina Jones and Kevin Pyle
Milk Not Jails is a consumer campaign to mobilize New York residents to support the dairy industry and the long - term sustainability of the rural economy .
It advocates for criminal justice and agriculture policy reform to bring about positive economic growth .
Read the New York Times Review of the show
“ Graphic Radicals : 30 Years of World War 3 Illustrated ” is the real thing , a fully fleshed - out picture .
Best of all , World War 3 Illustrated , like Exit Art , is still alive and well .
A new issue , called “ The Food Chain , ” is out .
As always it mixes newcomers and veterans , emphasizes content over style ( but has plenty of style ) , keeps that content accessible and critical , and pays its printers and distributors but no one else .
If it had nothing more than that kind of dedication to recommend it , it would be invaluable .
But it has much , much more .
- Holland Cotter
http://georgewashington2.blogspot.com/2008/08/fbi-admits-it-has-no-case-against-ivins.html
The FBI has admitted that it has no case against Ivins .
As summarized in an article today in the Washington Post :
The FBI has had a difficult time making its case to a skeptical public and scientific community .
A hair sample snagged from a Princeton , N.J. , mailbox linked to the attacks turned out not to match that of Ivins .
Some Congressional critics have questioned whether one man could really have carried out the elaborate attacks .
But FBI officials continue to press their case .
" I do n't think we 're ever going to be able to put the suspicions to bed , " said Vahid Majidi of the FBI Weapons of Mass Destruction Directorate .
" There 's always going to be a spore on the grassy knoll . "
This is very telling .
The FBI could have said " we will prove to Congress , the scientific community and the public that only Ivins could have done it " .
But they did n't .
Instead , the FBI is trying to discredit the many top anthrax scientists who question the government 's case against Ivins by using the " grassy knoll " conspiracy - theory smear .
If they had a case against Ivins , they would have presented it , instead of resorting to Bill O'Reilly style smear tactics .
" As always , in Establishment Media World , nothing is more insane or radical than refusing to believe every word the Government says .
Even after Iraqi mushroom clouds and the whole litany of Government falsehoods , the establishment hallmark of Seriousness and Sanity is accepting the Government 's word .
When it says Iraq was behind the attacks , then it was .
When they said Hatfill was the culprit , he was .
Now that they say that Ivins is , he is , and only " conspiracy theorists " -- comparable to those who disbelieve we landed on the moon -- would question that or demand to see the actual evidence .
The FBI is relying , understandably so , on their mindless allies in the media to depict its case against Ivins as so airtight that no real investigation is necessary . "
- Glenn Greenwald
Stephen Harper says Canadians have " chartered the way forward " for Canada , after strong gains in Ontario gave the Conservatives a larger minority government .
" No matter what economic challenges we face from abroad , this is a land where people from every corner of the Earth have come together to build a peaceful and prosperous country without comparison , " the Conservative leader told cheering supporters in Calgary .
" Canada will always be the true north , strong and free . "
He said the Conservatives would continue to ensure Canada is able to weather the global credit crisis , by enforcing firm regulations for banks and promoting business through low taxes .
" For Canada 's $ 1.5 - trillion economy , for the protection of the earnings , savings and future opportunities of our 33 million people , we have a realistic , prudent and responsible plan , " he said .
Past midnight , the Tories had won or were leading in 143 ridings across the country , out of a possible 308 .
Harper needed at least 155 seats to form a majority government .
As the dust settled in Tuesday 's election , the NDP had 37 seats and the Bloc Quebecois 50 .
The Liberals were headed to a crushing defeat , losing about 18 ridings to fall to 76 .
In Liberal Leader Stephane Dion 's concession speech , he promised to work closely with the Conservatives to tackle any economic troubles .
" We Liberals will do our part responsibly to make sure this government works , " he said in Montreal .
" It 's clear our economy -- indeed , the global economic crisis -- is the most important issue facing our country .
As the official opposition , we will work with the government to make sure Canadians are protected from the economic storm . "
NDP Leader Jack Layton also said he would work closely with Harper , telling supporters in Toronto that the Tories could not govern alone without a majority .
" No party has a mandate to implement an agenda without agreement from the other parties , " Layton said .
" I believe the people of Canada have called upon all parties to put aside the acrimony that arises in campaigns , and to come together in the public interest .
So we 're going to do exactly that . "
Harper needed to make strong gains in Quebec in order to secure a majority , but made missteps in the final weeks of the campaign by pledging to cut arts funding and crack down on young offenders .
The Bloc Quebecois appeared ready to dominate the election results in Quebec once again , while the Tories were leading or had won about 10 seats in the province -- a loss of roughly one riding .
Bloc leader Gilles Duceppe boasted of his party 's strong performance , noting it was the sixth consecutive majority win in Quebec .
" I want to salute the work of all the candidates with the Bloc , " he told supporters .
" It was a great campaign . "
Tory cabinet minister Michael Fortier was defeated in the Montreal - area riding of Vaudreuil - Soulanges , where he was defeated by incumbent Bloc MP Meili Faille .
But despite controversy , embattled Conservative candidate Maxime Bernier managed to keep his Quebec riding of Beauce .
Bernier was removed from his post as foreign affairs minister earlier this year after he left sensitive government papers at the home of his former girlfriend , Julie Couillard .
" It 's a good feeling , I 'm very happy , " said Bernier .
When asked if he hoped to return to cabinet , Bernier said " the prime minister will decide . "
Strong gains in Ontario
Ontario was key to a strong Conservative victory , with the province 's 106 seats .
While Toronto was largely expected to remain a Liberal stronghold , early results suggested the Tories would pick up roughly nine more seats elsewhere in the province .
In one major loss for the Liberals , Garth Turner was defeated by Conservative candidate Lisa Raitt in the Ontario riding of Halton .
" I think the Liberal party , my party , failed to deliver a real , cogent response to the economic crisis , " he told CTV News .
But despite the Liberal losses , Bob Rae said the opposition parties had deprived Harper of his ultimate goal .
" I think it 's important for people to recognize that Mr. Harper started this campaign looking for a majority .
He did n't get it , " Rae told CTV News , after winning his riding of Toronto Centre .
" Regardless of what anyone might want to say , tonight is a defeat for Mr. Harper because he did n't get what he was seeking to get . "
In one hard - fought Liberal win , former leadership candidate Gerard Kennedy unseated NDP candidate Peggy Nash .
In British Columbia , the Conservatives were set to win 20 seats , including a win by Dona Cadman , the wife of the late Independent MP Chuck Cadman .
The Liberals largely held their ground in Atlantic Canada and swept Newfoundland , where Premier Danny Williams waged a fierce campaign against the Conservatives .
But the Tories have made gains in New Brunswick .
Early results in the region showed the Conservatives completely shut out of Newfoundland and Labrador .
One high - profile loss for the party was Fabian Manning .
Williams , a Progressive Conservative , has had a long - standing feud with Harper over rights to his province 's offshore energy revenues and the latest equalization formula .
In the past month he had publicized an " Anything But Conservative " campaign .
But Conservatives had a strong showing in other parts of Atlantic Canada .
Peter MacKay staved off a challenge from Green Party Leader Elizabeth May to hang on to his Nova Scotia riding of Central Nova .
" It 's overwhelming , it 's exhilarating , " he said .
" All of these emotions come back every time . "
May had likened the fight to David and Goliath , after casting her ballot early Tuesday morning .
If she had won , it would have made her Canada 's first elected Green MP .
While no Green Party candidates are headed to Parliament , the party did manage to increase its popular vote to 7 per cent from 5 per cent .
In New Brunswick , the Conservatives managed to unseat the Liberals in two ridings : Fredericton and Miramichi .
Before Parliament was dissolved on Sept. 7 , the Conservatives had 127 seats , the Liberals had 95 , the NDP 30 and Bloc 48 .
The Greens had one seat , but the MP had initially been elected as a Liberal .
Worst voter turnout in history
Only about 59 per cent of eligible voters decided to cast their ballots Tuesday , possibly the lowest in the country 's history .
In 2006 , it was 64 per cent .
An estimated 1.5 million Canadians cast their ballots in early voting .
The election followed a 37 - day campaign -- one of the shortest possible under Canadian law .
Harper asked Canadians for a stronger mandate to govern the country , after two and a half years of minority rule .
He called an election after complaining that Parliament had become increasingly " dysfunctional , " making it difficult for him to lead the country .
" It 's difficult to see ... how the prime minister comes back to the people of Canada , at the end , of the day and says this election was worth something , " former Liberal cabinet minister Brian Tobin told CTV News .
I just got this in my inbox , and thought I ’d share how the insane , bigoted and ignorant policies of the fringe , so - called “ religious ” right will be used yet again in an attempt to distract this country from the choices facing it .
I ’ll offer commentary throughout this very personal letter I received from Rick “ Man Dog Love ” Santorum .
Dear Friend of Marriage ,
My friend , I ’ve never come to you with a more urgent message :
Unless we act today , we will lose the battle for marriage– not a decade from now , not “ someday , ” but quite possibly in the next few months .
I ’m pretty sure being called “ friend ” by Rick Santorum is a lot more threatening to me than any changes to the nation ’s marriage laws
How ?
Just weeks ago , a handful of out - of - touch judges overturned the will of the people in California by repealing Proposition 22 , which defined marriage as a union between one man and one woman and was overwhelmingly approved by the voters in 2000 .
Four California judges endorsed two big , very bad ideas .
First , they extended the internationally recognized human right to marry to include same - sex marriage .
Not even in Massachusetts or in New Jersey could the courts stomach the idea that same - sex marriage is deeply rooted in our foundational American traditions of human rights .
You ’re right Friend Rick .
Extending international human rights is not a foundational American tradition .
The second big idea endorsed by the California court is even less promising : sexual orientation should be treated just like race under the California equal protection amendment , subject to “ strict scrutiny . ”
This is a ruling which , if left undisturbed , means that Protestants , Catholics , Jews and Muslims who see marriage as the union of husband and wife , and view sexual activity as best confined to marriage so defined , are in the exact position as racists under California law .
I ’m pretty sure you ’re bullshitting me here .
Do continue though !
Hollywood , academia and some in the medical profession launched a huge offensive over the past decade to change the attitude of Americans about the homosexual community .
Perfect .
I believe Item One from the Official Gay Agenda was “ build a coalition between Hollyood , academia and the medical profession — but not the entire medical profession , just some — in order to change American attitudes about our community ”
They have succeeded in shaping the minds of young people against traditional marriage and intimidating and punishing anyone who offers a defense of marriage .
A sophisticated network of wealthy gay activists are now trying to exploit this change in attitudes by spending millions on stealth campaigns to defeat pro-family state legislators and pass gay marriage laws .
Item Two from the Official Gay Agenda : “ While the skyrocketing divorce rate may turn a subset of young minds against traditional marriage , the most effective way to promote gayness is to field a sophisticated — not “ complex ” because that word is n’t gay enough — network of wealthy gay activists .
They are pushing the battle first where the secular left is the strongest : deep in “ blue states ” including New Jersey , New York , Connecticut , Vermont , Rhode Island , Maryland and now even in my home commonwealth , Pennsylvania .
That ’s why I need you to act today .
Use this hyperlink to help launch the National Organization for Marriage ’s 2008 State Action Plan , including a sophisticated issue ad campaign–radio , TV , and print ads to drive home the point : do n’t mess with marriage .
FIrst , congrats on figuring out how the Internet works and including a hyperlink , the doing what all users of the web commonly do : referring to a hyperlink as a “ hyperlink . ”
Second , I ’m pretty sure you plagiarized that last line from the great state of Texas .
If we do n’t fight back , our children and grandchildren will get harmful and confusing messages about marriage , including this one : there ’s no difference between same - sex and opposite - sex unions and anyone who defends marriage is a bigot .
Make no mistake , gay marriage is not about letting Adam visit Steve in the hospital or letting them do what they want in private .
Gay marriage is about using the power of government to propagate a new faith : Individuals who oppose gay marriage are hateful bigots and they and their faith community should be punished .
[ Insert joke about Adam and Steve here ]
Why are they pushing so hard to push gay marriage laws through state legislatures ?
Because , they want to drive a nail into the coffin of any possibility of a federal marriage amendment .
Because , once it is “ normalized ” in this way , they are counting on the courts and the culture to then spread gay marriage throughout the country .
Because they know that once they get government committed to the idea that traditional marriage is bigotry , like racism , they can use the power of big government to marginalize , stigmatize and repress people of faith in American life .
And because they believe people of faith like you and me have no way to fight back .
Their strategy is simple :
Use the big money power of high - tech billionaires to get politicians to ignore the values and voices of regular Americans .
Wait , which is it : academics ?
Hollywood ?
Medical Professionals ?
Sophisticated wealthy gay activists ?
Or now , “ high - tech billionaires ? ”
That means , folks like you and me who :
Know marriage is the union of husband and wife ;
Do n’t want their hard - earned tax dollars used to subsidize novel family forms , and ;
Certainly do not wish their public schools to teach captive children that their parents and grandparents are evil discriminators for opposing gay marriage .
That ’s right , while we are tending to our jobs , going to church , and raising our families , a handful of wealthy gay men are plotting ways to use their giant fortunes to reshape the entire American political landscape in their own image .
You mean like these guys ?
Sound a little hard to believe ?
I thought so too , until I read the March 1 , 2007 Atlantic Monthly article that documents the detailed plans and huge influence these men are having , led by one gay billionaire activist named Tim Gill .
The article is called “ They Wo n’t Know What Hit Them , ” and the subtitle pretty much says it all : “ Tim Gill has a mission : stop the Rick Santorums of tomorrow before they get started .
How a network of gay political donors is stealthily … reshaping American politics . ”
That grabbed my attention , how about yours ?
If so , I need your help to fight back .
And the best way I know is to help launch the
National Organization for Marriage ’s 2008 State Action Plan ,
so that we can send a clear message to politicians :
do n’t mess with marriage .
Use this hyperlink to make a
generous donation of $ 35 , $ 50 , or even $ 100 today .
There you go messing with Texas again !
These gay marriage activists know the marriage battle will be won or lost in state legislatures .
And because they know that state legislatures are our farm team for the next generation of passionate pro-family leaders that ’s who the gay donors are targeting .
“ [ I ] t ’s often just a handful of people , two or three , who introduce the most outrageous legislation and force the rest of their colleagues to vote on it , ” says Gill .
“ If you could reach these few people or neutralize them by flipping the chamber to leaders who would block bad legislation , you ’d have a dramatic effect . ”
Their goal ?
“ [ P] unish the wicked , ” as Gill puts it .
Or , “ snuff out rising politicians who were building their careers on antigay policies , before they . . . achieve national influence . ”
Their chief cautionary example of such a villain is . . .
– Yes , there I am again ! – “ Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania . ”
Let ’s be clear here : by “ punish the wicked ” Gill means people like you and me who adhere to God ’s vision of what marriage is and what it is for .
By “ outrageous legislation ” he means laws that protect marriage as the union of husband and wife , and incidentally also protect faith groups from persecution by the government for our views of marriage .
In the last election cycle Gill pumped $ 15 million into defeating the good guys .
According to the Atlantic Monthly he succeeded seventy percent of the time .
“ In 2000 , he gave $ 300,000 in political donations , which grew to $ 800,000 in 2002 , $ 5 million in 2004 , and a staggering $ 15 million last year , almost all of it to state and local campaigns . ”
Danny Carroll , for example , used to be speaker pro tem of the Iowa House , a rising pro-family star who had guided a state marriage amendment to passage in the Iowa House ( the first step to putting it on the ballot ) .
Then he was targeted by rich gay activists for his leadership on marriage .
Carroll never even knew why he lost , until the Atlantic Monthly reporter pointed out to him all the $ 1,000 out of state checks : “ I ’ll be darned , ” said Carroll .
“ Denver … Dallas … Los Angeles … Malibu … there ’s New York again … San Francisco !
I can ’t –I just cannot believe this , ” he said , finally .
“ Who is this guy again ? ” Who is this guy ?
Can we afford to let Malibu , Beverly Hills , Manhattan ,
and San Francisco control our country and our children
and grandchildren ’s minds ?
That ’s why I need you to
support NOM ’s 2008 State Action Plan immediately .
You ’re right , friend .
The control of our children ’s minds should be left to the 2005 Kansas Board of Education .
And remember : it does n’t stop with gay marriage .
When the gay marriage money comes in and “ flips ” a state legislature , they flip it on ALL the values issues that concern families like ours ; Abortion , religion in the public square , abstinence education –not to mention a whole lot of tax and spending issues too .
I assume you mean “ flip ” as in “ flip in preparation for gay sex ? ”
In Pennsylvania , Gill money helped the Democrats gain control of the House by only one vote .
What happens if we permit this tiny minority to reshape marriage ?
The next step is to use the new law to suppress the liberties of Christians .
Already : A Christian adoption agency –Catholic Charities !–has been shut down by the government because it will not do adoptions for gay married couples .
A volunteer fireman , who risked his life to rescue friends and neighbors in need , was told his services were no longer wanted –because he signed a petition supporting marriage as the union of husband and wife .
A father was arrested for trying to prevent a public school from teaching his son that gay marriage is normal .
In New Jersey , a Methodist organization just lost part of its state tax exemption because it refused to permit civil union ceremonies on church - owned property .
How can this happen in the United States of America ?
One thing I ’ve learned to trust after 15 years on the front lines :
When things look the darkest , God raises up new reasons to hope .
Hey how ’s life in the Senate , friend ?
Oh what ?
You ’re not in the Senate anymore ?
God would rather use you to send emails with hyperlinks in them ?
God is so cool .
For those of us who are Christians , despair is a vice , and for us hope is not only a natural emotion , it ’s a theological virtue .
We are each called to “ faith , hope and love . ”
It is the fuel for our battles with the forces of hate who seek ( in the name of tolerance ! ) to silence God ’s own truth .
Wow !
So you ’re voting for Barack Obama ?!
And so with great hope and excitement , I learned about the launch of The National Organization for Marriage ’s 2008 State Action Plan .
Will you give a generous donation today to help ensure the plan succeeds ?
Hey , why did n’t you refer to it as a hyperlink this time ?
I ’m beginning to doubt your Internet savvy friend .
This is the start of something really big and new–and not only on the marriage issue .
It ’s a whole new model for getting politicians to do the right thing on traditional values .
I know politicians –believe me ! –and nothing gets their attention like the possibility of a competent , well - funded campaign to let voters know how they really vote !
Listen to Maggie Gallagher , NOM ’s new president , talk about the real disconnect between the polls –which show 60 percent of Americans oppose gay marriage–and the politicians : “ Politicians think they can get away with ignoring what voters think on marriage .
Unless that changes , gay marriage activists are going to push blue state legislators to pass gay marriage , whether the people in their state want it or not . ”
So she and some other folks have pulled together a brilliant team to head up NOM ’s 2008 State Action Plan to take on the coming marriage and religious liberty battles in the states where it will be fought .
Think about the success of the gay marriage movement :
If 2 percent of the population funded by a handful of rich men can work a revolution in culture , what could 60 percent of the population–or the most committed quarter–do with the right tools and strategy ?
We can take Gill ’s strategy and flip it against him : use it to protect marriage by creating the real possibility of political risk –that politicians SHOULD feel when they vote against their own constituents ’ voices and values .
The National Organization ’s mission is to “ protect marriage and the faith communities that sustain it . ”
The team they ’ve brought together to accomplish this mission is extraordinary .
Princeton Professor Robert George , Chairman of the Board , is a national treasure , a consistent and powerful intellectual defender of life , marriage and the natural law .
Maggie Gallagher , NOM ’s president , is one of the most powerful , consistent voices for marriage in the country .
I got to know Maggie well during the battles over the Federal Marriage Amendment ; Maggie helped me equip senators to speak on marriage .
You may know her from her syndicated column that appears in the New York Post and many Pennsylvania papers as well .
Brian Brown , the dynamic young executive director ( the father of five kids under the age of eight ! ) spent five years reviving and running the successful Family Institute of Connecticut , so he knows what it is like to fight for marriage deep in blue - state territory .
But do n’t take my word for it alone : Dr. James Dobson personally donated $ 25,000 to the National Organization for Marriage .
Why ? , “ It ’s not just marriage that is at stake , it ’s absolutely everything , ” Dr. Dobson said on a recent Focus on the Family broadcast in which he invited Maggie Gallagher and Prof.
George to speak about the National Organization for Marriage .
On the October 10 Focus on the Family radio broadcast , Dr. James C. Dobson urged pro-family Americans to do something about it .
“ This has been an ongoing struggle that burns in our hearts , ” Dr. Dobson says .
“ And now , marriage is really on the brink , and I do n’t know how to emphasize that more . ”
Let ’s get the good fight going !
Gay marriage activists have to depend on a handful of very wealthy men , because they cannot count on the broad support of the American people .
They know politicians who listen to your views and values will vote for marriage as the union of husband and wife .
Together , with God ’s help , there is no limit on what we can accomplish .
Except for a second Senate term right ?
MUCH better , friend .
You should use the word “ hyperlink ” as much as possible when writing on the Internet
We need your help to put NOM ’s 2008 State Action Plan to work for your values , including :
To launch a billboard campaign targeting state legislators who promised to vote for marriage and then broke their word .
( For an example , click here . )
To develop radio and TV ads and launch a sophisticated new media campaign to let the American people know the real consequences of gay marriage .
To create a national grassroots email database of voters ( segmented by state ) who care about marriage and its related religious liberty issues , for state as well as national campaigns .
To provide protection–legal , moral and media–to individuals targeted by the gay lobby for their courageous stands for marriage .
Our goal ?
Passionate , pro-family advocacy –with real muscle to back it up so the politicians can ignore our values no longer .
But there is one big problem .
The gay millionaires are writing big checks .
But most Republican donors are afraid to take on this issue , afraid their businesses and their pocketbooks will suffer if they take on the gay lobby .
All this , at a time when citizens and legislators in California , Florida , Rhode Island and other linchpin states are facing their most important opportunity to defend marriage , right now !
So we are going to have to do it without the millionaires .
It ’s just us this time , fighting against the latest legislation from the bench in California and other acute challenges to marriage in America .
We urgently need your gift for NOM ’s 2008 State Action Plan :
$ 5 or $ 10 a month ( think : one less Big Mac a month ! ) would make a huge difference .
But we need your donation right now , whatever you can give .
A one - time donation of $ 35 , $ 50 , $ 100 , or even $ 1000 , if God has given you the gifts to afford it , would go far to giving us the ability to fight for marriage , state by state , battle by battle .
And do n’t forget : we need your prayers , too .
To thank you , I ’d like to give you a gift in return : Everyone who pledges a monthly gift to NOM ’s 2008 State Action Plan , no matter how large or small , will get a free CD of the Focus on the Family October 10 broadcast on gay marriage and what it will mean for churches and other Christian organizations throughout this country .
One - time donations of $ 100 or more , or monthly donations of $ 10 a month , will receive a free copy of my book , It Takes a Family .
Wo n’t you help right now ?
God bless you , Rick Santorum P.S.
Send your monthly gift for $ 5 dollars or one - time gift of $ 35 today –for the cost of just one less Big Mac a month , you can help save marriage and prevent persecution of people of faith !
Contributions or gifts to the National Organization for Marriage , a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) organization with QNC status , are not tax - deductible .
The National Organization for Marriage does not accept contributions from business corporations , labor unions , foreign nationals , or federal contractors ; however , it may accept contributions from federally registered political action committees .
Donations may be used for political purposes such as supporting or opposing candidates .
No funds will be earmarked or reserved for any political purpose .
The first $ 5.00 of your annual gift keeps your membership status active for an additional year .
Wait , I was on board with all this denying of marriage to the gays , but ARE YOU SERIOUSLY ASKING ME TO SACRIFICE A BIG MAC ??
EVERY MONTH ?
I ’m sorry friend , as you must understand , some things are too sacred to mess with .
My name is Shalom Mann , Studio Head for Sony Online Entertainment Los Angeles .
You may not have heard of our small studio before , but we have produced more than 45 games for PCs and mobile phones , including Ratchet & Clank : Going Mobile and God of War : Betrayal .
For 2008 , we ’ve been hard at work on a few games for the PLAYSTATION Network .
Today , we are happy to announce that our first game , JEOPARDY ! will be released for the PSN on Thursday , September 11 , 2008 .
JEOPARDY ! , as you may know , is one of the most popular game shows on television and is celebrating its 25th anniversary this season .
During my time here at SONY , I have had the good fortune to work on several games based on JEOPARDY ! , including multiple versions for PCs and mobile phones , as well as skill - based and ITV versions .
The PSN version , however , is easily the best looking and marks the first time we have been able to include real - time multiplayer capabilities .
While having multiplayer games was one of the key features we wanted to include , we also needed the game to look like the TV show .
Everyone on our team worked on dual monitors , and it was common to see the TV show running on one monitor with the game engine or Maya on the other .
Here are a couple of screen shots for comparison :
Some features of the game include :
More than 2,500 clues and categories randomized for multiplayer games .
Single - player games versus AI with three levels of difficulty ( Average , Smart and Genius ) .
Online and offline multiplayer games .
Voice chat for online multiplayer games .
Expansion packs with new content ( coming in 2009 ) .
During the course of production , we worked closely with the producers of the TV show to make sure that we could bring you a fun game that is true to the JEOPARDY !
brand .
However , I have already seen a few forum complaints in regards to the game trailer about the game being multiple choice .
We made this design decision so that single - player and multiplayer games would have a quick pace to them .
I have played the PS2 version of the game where players had to use the DualShock to type in responses .
This input mechanism felt tedious in single - player games and would be just downright painful in multiplayer games .
We looked into the idea of using voice recognition , which would have been a lot of fun .
The PS3 has the power to do it , and we saw great middleware that would have made it all possible .
However , we felt that by making the game require a Bluetooth headset , it would limit its accessibility .
Maybe in the next version …
Also , I want to point out that the game does not give you the choices until after you buzz in .
This means that players commit to dollar amounts upfront before getting a chance to see the responses .
This adds a bit of risk to the game , and players who continually buzz in first , thinking it will be easy to select the right response , might find themselves in third place more often than other players .
Thanks for reading , and I hope you have a great time playing JEOPARDY ! on the PS3 .
I look forward to reading your comments ( even the negative ones – well , maybe I do not look forward to them , but I certainly will read them ) and will do my best to respond to frequently asked questions when I can .
PS – Wheel of Fortune is already in production .
More on that coming soon ….
Abstract
A trie is a search tree scheme that employs the structure of search keys to organize information .
Tries were originally devised as a means to represent a collection of records indexed by strings over a fixed alphabet .
Based on work by C.P. Wadsworth and others , R.H. Connelly and F.L. Morris generalized the concept to permit indexing by elements of an arbitrary monomorphic datatype .
Here we go one step further and define tries and operations on tries generically for arbitrary first - order polymorphic datatypes .
The derivation is based on techniques recently developed in the context of polytypic programming .
It is well known that for the implementation of generalized tries nested datatypes and polymorphic recursion are needed .
Implementing tries for polymorphic datatypes places even greater demands on the type system : it requires rank - 2 type signatures and higher - order polymorphic nested datatypes .
Despite these requirements the definition of generalized tries for polymorphic datatypes is ...
Rounded up into torture camps : the ' undesirables '
China does n't want you to see
The bleak concrete walls topped with razor wire and the sentries in towers at the gates are a chilling reminder of a different era .
On the nearby roads , heavily armed guards patrol relentlessly , checking both drivers and pedestrians , constantly alert .
Meanwhile , less than 30 miles away , the world 's attention is focused on the world - famous ' Bird 's Nest ' Olympic stadium and the other venues where a global audience of two billion is watching the Games and enjoying the spectacle of the ' new ' China .
Out in force : Security on patrol before the Olympic opening ceremony
The Beijing regime has deployed an army of 500,000 smiling volunteers to help foreigners find their way around the teeming capital city .
Blades of grass have been individually combed .
Signs have been erected in English .
Spitting has been banned and taxi drivers have been told to wear ties .
But there 's none of that here in the suburb of Daxing , where the only ' venues ' are the five camps into which thousands of China 's ' undesirables ' have been swept from the streets of Beijing and locked up .
Here , down bumpy , unlit roads , is where old habits die hard for China 's brutal totalitarian communist regime .
These camps are being used to imprison - without trial or legal representation - people that the regime wants the world to believe do not exist amid the miracle of modern China .
From street children , hawkers , the homeless and prostitutes , to the mentally ill , black migrants , drug dealers and gays caught in public bathhouses , the camps on the outskirts of the city started filling up with Beijing 's ' undesirables ' last year as part of the Chinese regime 's determination to present what it sees as an acceptable face to the world .
It is all eerily reminiscent of the build - up to the 1936 Games in Berlin , when the government cleared similar ' undesirables ' from the streets .
Under Hitler 's regime many of the Nazi concentration camps bore the slogan Arbeit macht frei ( Work makes you free ) at their gates .
In China , the camps bear the slogan ' Re-education Through Labour ' .
( It 's a peculiar irony that Beijing has been so determined to use the English language to welcome the world , that street signs even bear the chilling words . )
The camps themselves are festooned with banners in Mandarin Chinese stating that ' you must be punished according to the laws of the Olympics ' , and reveal the extraordinary lengths to which the Chinese are prepared to go to in order to convince the world of the country 's success .
Working up to 16 hours a day and held in cramped , unsanitary cells with only one toilet bucket for dozens of inmates , the existence of the jailed ' undesirables ' is something China has done its best to hide .
The policy of ' people clearances ' began last year and those taken in were moved to the camps on the outskirts of Beijing , which were built in the 1960s for the purposes of ' cleansing ' the minds of dissidents opposed to the state .
By using torture , brainwashing techniques and the use of heavy labour , Chairman Mao was determined to convince opponents of the error of their ways .
The camps have been used in more recent times to hold dissidents , lawyers and followers of religions banned by the government .
But sweeps of the city ahead of the influx of foreign visitors have meant these dissidents have been joined by a new list of victims , who have until now been allowed to work freely in the capital .
The right image : Children in ethnic minority group dress carry the Chinese flag at the Games ' opening ceremony
Deploying thousands of undercover police , as well as uniformed groups of youths wearing red shirts and armbands , strenuous efforts have been made to ensure the city has been purged of all ' anti- social ' elements .
African immigrants to Beijing have been rounded up from popular tourist areas such as San li Tun , Beijing 's equivalent of Soho .
The patrols of the red- shirted groups are constant .
Even now , with the Games under way , some residents are not safe from arrest and incarceration .
' Tony ' , a Nigerian entrepreneur who has lived in China for the past three years , watched as dozens of his African friends were arrested last month .
He has n't seen them since .
' I started running when I saw what was happening , ' he told me .
' I 've heard they are in the camps .
I 'm just keeping my head down until you lot [ foreigners ] go and hoping it all returns to normal . '
With the few remaining black people and some gay men banned from entire areas , along with instructions from the authorities that they should not be served in bars or restaurants , witnesses say thousands of others have been bundled into unmarked vans and taken to the camps on the outskirts of the city .
According to prison camp sources , who risk incarceration and torture for simply speaking about what happens inside the camps , the ' undesirables ' are separated into male and female groups .
They are then put to work in vast hangar - like sheds , where they are forced to make chopsticks and soft toys - the very goods that are being peddled on the streets of Beijing to tourists visiting the Olympics .
Inmates are forced to work through the night .
In some of the other camps - all located in the Tuan He district in the Daxing suburb of Beijing , less than an hour 's drive from the Bird 's Nest stadium - the ' undesirables ' are forced to clean beans and other Chinese foods - which are then sold by the communist authorities to private businesses serving the influx of foreigners .
Punishment is brutal for those who try to resist .
According to my camp informant , women who do not work hard enough are stripped naked for days on end - something regarded as particularly shaming in Chinese society .
Another favoured method of punishment is called the Tiger Bench - where ' undesirables ' are forced to sit upright on a long bench with their hands tied behind their backs .
Their thighs are also tied to the bench - and bricks placed under the feet to raise them off the floor .
Human rights groups say some victims are forced to remain in this position for days on end , causing excruciating pain .
Those who complain or refuse to eat in protest at their detention are force - fed - with guards holding their mouths open and tipping food down their victims ' gullets , making them choke and vomit .
There are more than 1,000 of these camps located around this country of more than 1.3 billion people .
In 2005 , the authorities opened one Re-education Through Labour Camp to United Nations investigators investigating claims that inmates were being killed and their organs ' harvested ' and sold to wealthy Chinese desperate for transplants .
Nothing untoward was found .
The camp had even been painted ahead of the UN visit .
Dissidents claimed later that victims are transferred from camp to camp whenever any brutality is discovered by outside bodies .
The sweep of the city is good news for the prison camp guards , who are making extra money from the Olympics .
Sources say they are getting as much overtime as they want a result of the thousands of ' undesirables ' rounded up .
Phelim Kine , a spokesman for New York - based Human Rights Watch , said : ' The purge of migrants , sex workers and beggars during the Olympics is a reflection of the obsessive concern that nothing can remain on the streets that clashes with the government 's carefully applied veneer of " stability " and " harmony " .
' Beijing is unique for the unprecedented scale of the campaign to sterilise the city ahead of the Games of elements embarrassing to the Chinese government 's status as a rising power . '
The existence of the camps - and the admission by Chinese officials that people can be locked up without trial there for up to four years - will add to the growing sense that Beijing is trying to hoodwink the world ; with the complicity of the International Olympic Committee .
After British journalists were roughed - up and detained in Tiananmen Square this week , and a relative of the U.S. volleyball coach was murdered by an unemployed Chinese man protesting about government policies , Olympic officials stressed they were ' very proud ' about how Beijing 2008 is progressing .
When China won the rights to the Olympics , IOC president Jacques Rogge boasted that hosting the Games would improve China 's human rights record .
Tellingly , Wei Wang , a Chinese official , yesterday denied that his country had made any such promises to improve human rights .
' After 30 years of reform , China has developed greatly .
People enjoy more freedom .
People are living a good life .
Everyone is happy .
That 's a fact . , ' he said .
' Of course , there are exceptions .
But they need to take the legal process and procedures to resolve any issues . '
Much the same could have been said in Germany in 1936 - and it would have had just as hollow a ring to it .
As Susan Bachrach , a historian and expert on the Berlin Games , says : ' Hosting the Olympics presented the Nazi leadership with an extraordinary opportunity to project the illusion of a peaceful , tolerant Germany under the guise of the Games ' spirit of international co-operation .
' That effort was largely successful , and the regime scored a major propaganda victory . '
Beijing must hope that its propaganda effort will be every bit as effective .
The Chinese believe that at the end of the Games , the world will be left with happy memories of a spectacular event .
But for those who were deemed ' undesirable ' and dumped into prison camps without trial , the memories of the 2008 Olympics will be very different indeed .
A while back I was discussing the future of programming languages with a colleague , and we agreed that for all its foibles , JavaScript will continue to enjoy very wide and increasing use in the coming years .
I wrote last year about Steve Yegge ’s hints that JavaScript is the “ next big languages ” , see that post for the reasoning .
Based on all that , I set about writing a small test app to see what it ’s like to program a Swing app with JS .
After a day or so of work ( spread over a few months ) , I offer my Rhino Swing Test App :
Run RSTA now via Java Web Start
Get the RSTA code ( git , on GitHub )
It implements the same “ flying boxes ” animation demo that I presented a few years ago at the St. Louis JUG , but aside from a generic launcher class , the GUI is implemented entirely in JavaScript .
To clarify , this is not web browser JavaScript ; it is running in Rhino , in the JVM , using Swing classes .
The documentation for interaction between Java and JS is limited , but sufficient .
For simplicity , I used Rhino as an interpreter , I did not compile to java bytecode .
Nonetheless , the animation runs about as smoothly in JS as it does in Java , because the heavy lifting is done by the JDK classes .
I used Eclipse ( with JavaScript support ) to write this code , but of course JS makes much less code completion possible than Java , and I missed that .
Typically I mildly prefer IDEs , but am also productive with a text editor .
For working with a large API like Swing though , IDE support helps greatly .
Still , I recommend a look at this approach if you are fond of dynamic languages but need to build on the Java platform , and I intend to investigate server - side JS development also .
" Perl 5 to 6 " Lesson 19 - Regexes strike back
# normal matching : if ' abc ' ~ ~ m/../ { say $ / ; # ab } # match with implicit : sigspace modifier if ' ab cd ef ' ~~ ms / (.. ) ** 2 / { say $ 0 [ 1 ] ; # cd } # substitute with the : samespace modifier my $x = " abc defg " ; $ x ~~ ss /c d/x y/ ; say $ x ; # abx yefg
Since the basics of regexes are already covered in lesson 07 , here are some useful ( but not very structured ) additional facts about Regexes .
You do n't need to write grammars to match regexes , the traditional form m/.../ still works , and has a new brother , the ms /.../ form , which implies the : sigspace modifier .
Remember , that means that whitespaces in the regex are substituted by the < .ws > rule .
The default for the rule is to match \s + if it is surrounded by two word - characters ( ie those matching those \w ) , and \s* otherwise .
In substitutions the : samespace modifier takes care that whitespaces matched with the ws rule are preserved .
Likewise the : samecase modifier , short : ii ( since it 's a variant of :i ) preserves case .
my $x = ' Abcd ' ; $ x ~~ s:ii /^../foo/ ; say $ x ; # Foocd $x = ' ABC ' ; $ x ~~ s:ii /^../foo/ ; say $ x # FOOC
This is very useful if you want to globally rename your module Foo , to Bar , but for example in environment variables it is written as all uppercase .
With the : ii modifier the case is automatically preserved .
It copies case information on a character by character .
But there 's also a more intelligent version ; when combined with the : sigspace ( short :s ) modifier , it tries to find a pattern in the case information of the source string .
Recognized are .lc , .uc , .lc.ucfirst , .uc.lcfirst and .lc.capitaliz ( Str.capitalize uppercases the first character of each word ) .
If such a pattern is found , it is also applied to the substitution string .
my $x = ' The Quick Brown Fox ' ; $ x ~~ s :s : ii / brown .*/ perl 6 developer / ; # $x is now ' The Quick Perl 6 Developer '
Alternations are still formed with the single bar | , but it means something else than in Perl 5 .
Instead of sequentially matching the alternatives and taking the first match , it now matches all alternatives in parallel , and takes the longest one .
' aaaa ' ~ ~ m/ a | aaa | aa / ; say $ / # aaa
While this might seem like a trivial change , it has far reaching consequences , and is crucial for extensible grammars .
Since Perl 6 is parsed using a Perl 6 grammar , it is responsible for the fact that in ++$ a the ++ is parsed as a single token , not as two prefix : <+> tokens .
The old , sequential style is still available with || :
grammar Math :: Expression { token value { | < number > | '(' < expression > [ ' ) ' || { fail ( " Parenthesis not closed " ) } ] } ... }
The { ... } execute a closure , and calling fail in that closure makes the expression fail .
That branch is guaranteed to be executed only if the previous ( here the ' ) ' ) fails , so it can be used to emit useful error messages while parsing .
There are other ways to write alternations , for example if you " interpolate " an array , it will match as an alternation of its values :
$ _ = ' 12 oranges ' ; my @fruits = < apple orange banana kiwi > ; if m:i:s/ ( \d+ ) ( @fruits ) s ? / { say " You 've got $ 0 $ 1s , I 've got { $ 0 + 2 } of them .
You lost . " ; }
There is yet another construct that automatically matches the longest alternation : multi regexes .
They can be either written as multi token name or with a proto :
grammar Perl { ... proto token sigil { * } token sigil : sym < $ > { < sym > } token sigil : sym <@ > { < sym > } token sigil : sym < %> { < sym > } ... token variable { < sigil > < twigil >? < identifier > } }
This example shows multiple tokens called sigil , which are parameterized by sym .
When the short name , ie sigil is used , all of these tokens are matched in an alternation .
You may think that this is a very inconvenient way to write an alternation , but it has a huge advantage over writing ' $ ' | '@ ' | ' % ' : it is easily extensible :
grammar AddASigil is Perl { token sigil : sym < !> { < sym > } } # wow , we have a Perl 6 grammar with an additional sigil !
Likewise you can override existing alternatives :
grammar WeirdSigil is Perl { token sigil : sym < $ > { ' °' } }
In this grammar the sigil for scalar variables is ° , so whenever the grammar looks for a sigil it searches for a ° instead of a $ , but the compiler will still know that it was the regex sigil : sym < $ > that matched it .
In the next lesson you 'll see the development of a real , working grammar with Rakudo .
From HaskellWiki
Some implementations of the ' wc - l ' program in Haskell , with an eye to C - like performance .
This illustrates the balance to be made between performance and elegance , over several increasingly fast ( and more complex ) examples .
Baseline
The baseline is the C program ' wc '
$ du -hsL /usr / share / dict / words 912K /usr/share/dict/words $ time wc -l < /usr / share /dict/ words 98326 wc -l < /usr/ share/dict/words
0.00s user 0.00s system 27 % cpu 0.015 total
So the best we can probably hope to get is around 0.015s
Standard [ Char ]
main :: IO ( ) main = print .
length .
lines =<< getContents
$ ghc - O wc.hs $ time ./wc < /usr/ share/dict/words 98326 ./wc < /usr/share/dict/words 0.10s user 0.00s system 94 % cpu 0.106 total
Ok .
About 10 x C , as to be expected with a list representation .
Faster [ Char ]
Perhaps writing our loop , rather than the duplication involved in length .
lines , will improve things :
main :: IO ( ) main = interact ( count 0 ) where count i [ ] = show i count i ( '
' : xs ) = count ( i + 1 ) xs count i ( _ : xs ) = count i xs
$ ghc - O wc.hs $ time ./wc < /usr/ share/dict/words
98326./wc < /usr/share/dict/words 0.06s user 0.00s system 87 % cpu 0.073 total
Ok .
Not too bad .
Data .
ByteString
Try to improve performance by using the Data .
ByteString library .
This uses packed byte arrays instead of heap - allocated [ Char ] to represent strings .
import qualified Data .
ByteString .
Char8 as B main :: IO ( ) main = B . getContents >>= print .
B . count '
'
$ time ./wc < /usr/share/dict/words 98326 ./wc < /usr/share/dict/words
0.00s user 0.00s system 25 % cpu 0.016 total
Much better , it is now becoming competitive with C. This ( and the Data .
ByteString .
Lazy example below ) is as fast as we 'll get .
Data .ByteString .
Lazy
Or we could use the new lazy bytestring type , a lazy list of strict , L1 - cache - sized chunks of bytes .
This example due to Chad Scherrer :
import qualified Data.ByteString .
Lazy .
Char8 as L main :: IO ( ) main = L . getContents >>= print .
L . count '
'
$ time ./a < /usr/share/dict/words 98326 ./a < /usr/share/dict/british-english
0.00s user 0.00s system 25 % cpu 0.016 total
Line - by - line processing
We can ask the bytestring library to hand us a string line at a time .
import System .IO import Data .
ByteString ( hGetLines ) main = hGetLines stdin >>= print .
length
$ time ./b < /usr/share/dict/british-english 98326 ./b < /usr/share/dict/british-english 0.04s user 0.01s system 94 % cpu 0.055 total
Though this is a bit slower , since it needs to hang on to the lines for longer .
Ptr hacking
ByteStrings give you access to the underlying pointers to bytes in memory , which can be used to optimise some particular code .
So when the ByteString api does n't provide what you want , you can step inside the Foreign Ptr and go nuts .
This example also makes use of a cpp macro to force strictness on a function , via a seq guard case .
import Foreign import Foreign .
Foreign
Ptr import System .
Environment import qualified Data .
ByteString as B # define STRICT4 ( f ) f a b c d | a ` seq ` b ` seq ` c ` seq ` d ` seq ` False = undefined main = head ` fmap ` getArgs >>= B . readFile >>= \ ( B . PS x _ l ) -> withForeignPtr x $ \ p -> go p l 0 0 where go :: Ptr Word8 -> Int -> Int -> Int -> IO () STRICT4 ( go ) go p l n i | n >= l = print i | otherwise = do ( w :: Word8 ) <- peek ( p ` plusPtr ` n ) go p l ( n + 1 ) $ if w == 0x0 a then ( i + 1 ) else i
$ ghc - O - package fps - fglasgow - exts - cpp wc.hs $ time ./wc /usr/share/dict/words 98326 ./wc /usr/share/dict/words 0.00s user 0.01s system 67 % cpu 0.018 total
Ok , slower than using length .
lines .
Lets try some other things .
Use the FFI
Try and step around the inefficent need to inspect each character in Haskell , by using memchr ( 3 ) , the C function to find each newline for us .
{-# LANGUAGE BangPatterns #-} import Foreign import Foreign .
Foreign
Ptr import Foreign .C.Types import System .
Environment import qualified Data .
ByteString as B main = do f <- head ` fmap ` getArgs B .
read
File f >>= \ ( B . PS x _ l ) -> withForeignPtr x $ \ p -> go p l 0 0 where go :: Ptr Word8 -> Int -> Int -> Int -> IO ( ) go ! p ! l ! n ! i | n >= l = print i | otherwise = do let p' = p ` plusPtr ` n q = memchr p' 0x0a ( fromIntegral ( l - n ) ) if q == null
Ptr then print i else do let k = q ` minusPtr ` p ' go p l ( n + k + 1 ) ( i + 1 ) foreign import ccall unsafe " string.h memchr " memchr :: Ptr Word8 -> CInt -> CSize -> Ptr Word8
$ time ./wc /usr/share/dict/words 98326 ./wc /usr/share/dict/words 0.00s user 0.00s system 47 % cpu 0.017 total
Slowly inching forwards .
Read the Core
While we 're here , we can check whether the strictness on the ' go ' function makes any difference , by reading the GHC Core :
$ ghc - O - package fps - cpp - ffi wc.hs - ddump - simpl | less
Search for the ' go ' function :
Main.$wgo :: GHC . Prim .
Addr# -> GHC . Prim .
Int# -> GHC . Prim .
Int# -> GHC . Prim .
Int# -> GHC.IOBase.IO ()
And without the strictness :
Main.$wgo :: GHC .
Ptr. Ptr GHC .
Word .
Word8 -> GHC . Prim .
Int# -> GHC . Prim .
Int# -> GHC . Base .
Int -> GHC.IOBase.IO ()
So GHC is helpfully unboxing the Ptr Word8 into a raw machine Addr# .
Avoid some code
The guard that checks the length is unneeded , since memchr takes a length argument anyway .
It also calculates the next pointer for us , so avoid recalculating it .
( Note that this is equivalent to using the ' count ' function , which has the same implementation ) .
import Foreign import Foreign .
Foreign
Ptr import Foreign .C.Types import System .
Environment import qualified Data .
ByteString as B # define STRICT3 ( f ) f a b c | a ` seq ` b ` seq ` c ` seq ` False = undefined main = do f <- head ` fmap ` getArgs B .
read File f >>= \ ( B . PS x s l ) -> withForeignPtr x $ \ p -> go ( p ` plusPtr ` s ) ( fromIntegral l ) 0 where go :: Ptr Word8 -> CSize -> Int -> IO () STRICT3 ( go ) go p l i = do let q = memchr p 0x0 a l if q == null Ptr then print i else do let k = fromIntegral $ q ` minusPtr ` p go ( q ` plusPtr ` 1 ) ( l - k ) ( i + 1 ) foreign import ccall unsafe " string.h memchr " memchr :: Ptr Word8 -> CInt -> CSize -> Ptr Word8
Checking the Core , ' go ' is now :
Main.$wgo :: GHC . Prim.
Addr# -> GHC . Prim .
Word# -> GHC . Prim .
Int# -> GHC.IOBase.IO ()
The code is certainly a bit simpler , at least .
$ ghc - O - package fps - cpp - ffi wc.hs $ time ./wc /usr/share/dict/words 98326 ./wc /usr/share/dict/words 0.00s user 0.01s system 70 % cpu 0.017 total
But we can't seem to squeeze any more out , at least on data this size .
Going via C
We reach a point where I can't think of any more tricks , so we can always code up a little C and call into that , for this tight loop .
Sometimes we just have to do this , and that 's what the ffi is for , after all .
-- wc.hs import Foreign import System .
Environment import qualified Data .
ByteString as B main = do f <- head ` fmap ` getArgs B .
read
File f >>= \ ( B . PS x _ l ) -> withForeignPtr x $ \ p -> print ( c_wc p l ) foreign import ccall unsafe " wc.h wc " c_wc :: Ptr Word8 -> Int ->
Int -- wc_c.c int wc ( char * p , int len ) { int c ; for ( c = 0 ; len --; ++p ) if ( * p == '
' ) ++ c ; return c ; } -- wc.h int wc ( char * p , int len ) ;
$ gcc - O3 -c wc_c.c $ ghc - O - package fps wc.hs -o wc - fglasgow - exts wc_c. o $ time ./wc /usr/share/dict/words 98326 ./wc /usr/share/dict/words 0.00s user 0.00s system 25 % cpu 0.016 total
And we are done .
Note that the tight C loop did n't give us anything in the end over the naive ByteString code , which is a very satisfying result .
Apparently tired of waiting to be sued by the motion picture industry over its new DVD - to - PC copying software , RealNetworks this morning announced that it will file a preemptive legal action of its own in an attempt to establish the product 's legality .
( See updates below : Industry firing back . )
From a statement just issued by RealNetworks :
" In response to threats made by the major movie studios , RealNetworks this morning plans to file an action for a declaratory judgment against DVD Copy Control Association , Inc. , Disney Enterprises , Inc. , Paramount Pictures Corp. , Sony Pictures Entertainment , Inc. , Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp. , NBC Universal , Inc. , Warner Bros .
Entertainment , Inc. , and Viacom , Inc. , in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California .
The lawsuit asks the court to rule that RealNetworks Home Entertainment , Inc. 's RealDVD software , made available to consumers today at www.realdvd.com, fully complies with the DVD Copy Control Association 's license agreement .
... " RealNetworks took this legal action to protect consumers ' ability to exercise their fair - use rights for their purchased DVDs .
The DVD CCA , which represents numerous parties including all of the major studios , previously sued another company over the same issues .
The trial court ruled against the DVD CCA and allowed the distribution of a product similar to RealDVD . "
In addition , RealNetworks this morning has officially released the software , which debuted in beta Sept. 8 at Network World 's DEMOfall 08 to a largely mute but stern reaction from the movie industry .
" We have nothing else to say at this time , " a spokeswoman from the Motion Picture Association of America told me days prior to the opening of DEMO .
Since then press reports have included intimations from film industry executives that the RealNetworks product was not likely to go unchallenged .
I checked in with the MPAA again the other day to see if they had anything else to say about RealDVD and was told by a spokeswoman that the answer was no .
As I replied to her , their silence speaks volumes .
I would expect we 'll be hearing something from them soon .
( Update : Got that one right .
Just received word that the MPAA will have something to say early this afternoon . )
( Update 2 : Busy day for RealDVD news .
My Network World colleague Keith Shaw reviews the product here .
His verdict : " The software works , but with some hurdles . "
Those hurdles are apparently very much related to the legal issues , too . )
( Update , 3 ) Movie industry is out with its lawsuit / reply : " RealNetworks ' RealDVD should be called StealDVD , " says MPAA general counsel Greg Goeckner . )
Doctors who assist in torture or other forms of cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment should face prosecution and licensing punishments , says an editorial on the British Medical Journal website .
Steven Miles from the Center for Bioethics at the University of Minnesota , says that more doctors are involved in torturing prisoners than in treating torture survivors .
But doctors who assist in torture rarely face professional consequences .
He argues that the medical profession must not only dissociate itself from torture but actively investigate and sanction offenders .
More than 100 countries condone the use of torture and up to half of torture survivors report that a doctor was present and oversaw the abuse .
Miles points out that while medical societies are quick to condemn doctors participating in torture abroad , they are not so vocal when it comes to what is taking place in their own country .
In addition , while medical societies support ethical codes that ban doctors from assisting in torture , such as the World Medical Association 's Declaration of Tokyo , in practice their policy is to do little , and doctors typically remain exempt from punishment , he writes .
Miles believes that national medical councils and licensing agencies should ensure that doctors who comply with torture can be punished for breaching medical ethics .
This has happened in some countries after the torturing regimes have lost power .
For example , the Chilean Medical Society expelled six doctors for overseeing torture during Pinochet 's rule , and in South Africa two doctors were punished for failing to report or treat Steven Biko for a fatal head injury inflicted by police .
But such examples are rare .
Miles calls for all medical societies to state that abetting torture is a punishable breach of professional conduct for which there are no term limits .
Such codes would lay the foundation for holding doctors accountable for torture after a torturing regime loses power , he says .
" Governments that practice torture need doctors .
The medical accomplices of torture must not rest in the confidence that they can violate civil society and the ethics of medicine with impunity " , he concludes .
プログラム言語処理系を作成しました。Windows
上で動作します。ソースも公開しています。C
言語のみで作っています。
ダウンロードペー ジ
スクリーンショットです。
このソフトウェアを紹介します。
と画面に出力されます。
たとえば、以下は正式なまなめ 2000 用のプログラムです。
皆さんはこんな事を思ったは無いでしょうか？
「 まなめ 2000 」 制作者が 「 まなめ 2000 」 を使う人 に 「 まなめ 2000 」 の命令を軽く紹介するための 10 命令
それでは 「まなめ 2000 」 をプログラムの命令を通して普通に紹介しますね。*2
要は、勇気がないんでしょ？ 要は、勇気がないんでしょ？ 要は、abcdがないんでしょ？ 要は 、Zがないんでしょ？ 要は、
がないんでしょ？ これらは全て同じ命令で、アキュムレータに指定した値をそのまま直接取り込みます。最初の命令は「勇気」という文字列を、次は「abcd」、次は「Z」、最後は改行文字となります。 残念ながら 4 バイト、つまり半角 4 文字か全角2文字までしか指定できませんが、エスケープシーケンスで改行文字や他の特殊文字を取り込むことが出来ます。
ワシの波動球は108式まであるぞ ワシの波動球は108式まであるぞ
ワシの波動球は256式まであるぞ ワシの波動球は2147483647式まであるぞ ワシの波動球は-108式まであるぞ
これら命令は、上記の「要は、勇気がないんでしょ？」と同じ、アキュムレータに直接値を取り込みますが、上記が文字列であったのに対し、こちらは数値をそのまま取り込みます。
指定出来る数値は整数のみの、-2147483648 〜 2147483647 の値となっています。
まなめとなまめ まなめはうす なまめはうす まなめ VM にはアキュムレータ以外にも通常のレジスタが 3 つ（裏も合わせれば 6 つ）あります。アキュムレータとそれらレジスタの値をやりとりするのがこの「 まなめ」または「なまめ」を使用します。 3 つのレジスタはそれぞれ「は」レジスタ「う」レジスタ「す」レジスタと呼ばれており、「まなめ」または「なまめ」と記述した後に指定することでやりとりするレジスタを指定します。
めまな？ぬまな？めなま？ぬなま？ めまなはうす ぬまなはうす めなまはうす ぬなまはうす これら命令は四則演算を実行します。上から順番に加減乗除となっています。これらも各種レジスタを指定するようになっています。 基本的に、アキュムレータに対し、指定したレジスタの値を加減乗除する命令となっています。
マッチョとウィンプ マッチョ ウィンプ これらの命令は、アキュムレータの値をインクリメント（要するに
1 を足す）するか、デクリメント（要するに 1 を引く）します。 どっちがどっちの命令なのかは想像にお任せします。
ゆっくり ゆっくりしていってね！！！ ゆっくりした結果がこれだよ！！！ これらの命令は、レジスタの値をレジスタ用スタックに保存します。 レジスタ用スタックとはまなめ VM に備わっている機能で、レジスタの値をスタック構造の領域に保存します。
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran test - fired nine missiles on Wednesday and warned the United States and Israel it was ready to retaliate if they attacked the Islamic Republic over its disputed nuclear projects .
Washington , which says Iran seeks atomic bombs , told Tehran to halt further tests if it wanted the world to trust it .
Iran , the world ’s fourth largest oil producer , insists its nuclear program aims only at generating electricity .
Rising tensions have rattled financial markets .
Oil prices , which had slipped from record highs , rebounded about $ 2 a barrel after Wednesday ’s tests .
Speculation that Israel could strike Iran has mounted since its air force staged an exercise last month that U.S. officials said involved 100 aircraft .
The United States has not ruled out military action if diplomacy fails to resolve the nuclear row .
“ We warn the enemies who intend to threaten us with military exercises and empty psychological operations that our hand will always be on the trigger and our missiles will always be ready to launch , ” Revolutionary Guards air force commander Hossein Salami said , according to ISNA news agency .
In televised comments , he said thousands of missiles were ready to be fired at “ specific and pre-determined targets ” .
Missiles were shown soaring from desert launchpads , leaving long vapor trails .
Iran should “ refrain from further missile tests if they truly seek to gain the trust of the world , ” White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said .
MISSILE SHIELD
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice suggested the tests justified an American missile shield plan with bases in eastern Europe that Russia strongly opposes .
“ Those who say that there is no Iranian threat against which to be building missile defenses perhaps ought to talk to the Iranians about ... the range of the missiles that they test fired , ” Rice said in Bulgaria .
Russia , which has resisted U.S. calls for tougher U.N. sanctions on Iran , nevertheless says it shares concerns about Tehran ’s nuclear program .
It responded to an Iranian rocket test in February by questioning Tehran ’s motives .
Italy joined criticism of Iran ’s latest missile tests .
“ These are very dangerous missiles -- that ’s why the international community and not just Israel has an interest in blocking this escalation in a definitive way , ” Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said in Ramallah , in the West Bank .
A video grab from Al Alam television shows three of nine long - and medium - range missiles being fired during a test in Iran July 9 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Iran tv via Reuters TV
Iran ’s State Press TV said the “ highly advanced ” missiles tested by the Guards included a “ new ” Shahab 3 missile , which officials have said could reach targets 2,000 km ( 1,250 miles ) away .
Iran has said Israel and U.S. bases are in its range .
Some U.S. facilities across the Gulf are little more than 200 km from Iran ’s coast , putting them well within range of Iranian missiles , even if analysts question their accuracy .
The United States also has forces based in nearby Arab states , including Qatar and Bahrain , along with ships patrolling the Gulf waterway .
Iran has said U.S. forces are vulnerable because of their presence in two of its neighbors , Iraq and Afghanistan .
Israel , believed to be the Middle East ’s only nuclear - armed power , has vowed to prevent Iran from acquiring an atomic bomb .
“ Israel does not threaten Iran , but the Iranian nuclear program , combined with their aggressive ballistic missile program , is a matter of grave concern , ” Mark Regev , spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , said after the tests .
Leaders of the Group of Eight rich countries voiced serious concern on Tuesday at the proliferation risks posed by Iran ’s nuclear work .
World powers have offered Iran incentives if it will suspend uranium enrichment .
Tehran has rejected the demand .
Iran has threatened to close the Strait of Hormuz , conduit for about 40 percent of globally traded oil , if it is attacked .
The U.S. military says it will prevent any such action .
The war of words heightens risks that a misunderstanding or a minor clash in the Gulf , for instance , could get out of hand .
Tehran and Washington have not had diplomatic ties for almost 30 years and have few avenues for direct communications .
An aide to Iran ’s Supreme Leader was quoted as saying on Tuesday that his country would hit Tel Aviv , U.S. shipping in the Gulf and U.S. interests in reply to any military strike .
Analysts say Iran ’s military technology often involves improving weaponry originating in China and North Korea .
“ They are some way away yet from threatening Israel or U.S. bases , ” said London - based independent military analyst Paul Beaver , adding guidance systems over longer ranges needed work .
But he said the missile program was still “ pretty advanced . ”
In a CNN interview over the weekend , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice declined to defend Palin ’s foreign policy credentials when asked whether Palin has ' enough experience to handle the kinds of things that you need to handle ? '
GOP foreign policy experts cool on Palin
In state after state , rally after rally , Sarah Palin is generating record levels of enthusiasm among the Republican base .
Crowds chant her name , congressional candidates cite her in their ads and there are numerous reports of a surge in grass - roots volunteers for the McCain campaign .
The acclaim for the vice presidential nominee is all but deafening within the GOP , except in one small but influential corner : the party ’s foreign policy establishment .
Among that mandarin class , the response to Palin ’s nomination has been underwhelming , marked by distinctly faint praise or flat - out silence .
Advertisement
Consider Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar , the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee who currently serves as the committee ’s top- ranking Republican .
The day Sen .
Joe Biden was announced as Barack Obama ’s running mate , Lugar , while en route to Tbilisi , Georgia , quickly issued a statement praising the choice .
" I congratulate Sen. Barack Obama on his selection of my friend , Sen . Joe Biden , to be his vice presidential running mate , ” he said .
“ I have enjoyed for many years the opportunity to work with Joe Biden to bring strong bipartisan support to United States foreign policy . ”
To date , Lugar has been silent regarding Palin .
In a CNN interview over the weekend , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice declined to defend Palin ’s foreign policy credentials when asked whether Palin has “ enough experience to handle the kinds of things that you need to handle ? ”
Rice replied : “ These are decisions that Sen. McCain has made .
I have great confidence in him .
I ’m not going to get involved in this political campaign .
As secretary of state , I do n’t do that .
But I thought her speech was wonderful . ”
While none have come out and publicly questioned the Alaska governor 's level of experience in foreign affairs , few have been willing to make the case that Palin is well - versed in the field .
John Bolton , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations and conservative hawk on foreign affairs , segued from questions of Palin ’s inexperience to McCain ’s experience .
“ You want your strength on national security at the top of the ticket , ” Bolton told Politico at the Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minn .
“ I feel very comfortable with her as a vice presidential nominee , how it plays politically beyond that , I do n’t know . "
“ As somebody who spent a good part of his professional career on foreign policy matters , I was delighted by her nomination , ” he later said .
“ What you have to look for is extensive executive experience . ”
Last week , prior to Palin ’s acceptance speech , former Secretary of the Navy and former Armed Services Committee Chairman Sen. John Warner ( R - Va. ) chose to accentuate the positive .
He told the Richmond Times Dispatch that Palin is “ intelligent , she has a lot of tenacity , she is a risk taker and she is plenty energetic , ” but he added “ only time will tell ” if Palin is the smart choice for McCain .
A McCain policy adviser , speaking on the condition of anonymity , acknowledged hearing from several worried GOP veterans immediately after Palin ’s selection .
“ To a lot of people it was a surprise choice , so there was caution , ” the adviser said early last week .
“ There was a pause because they did n’t know her .
My own personal view is I ’m feeling more and more enthusiastic and I think they will too . ”
Robert Kagan , a foreign policy adviser to McCain , derided criticisms of Palin as elitist .
“ I do n’t take this elite foreign policy view that only this anointed class knows everything about the world , " he said .
" I ’m not generally impressed that they are better judges of American foreign policy experience than those who have Palin ’s experience . ”
One top conservative foreign policy wonk who declined to be named said he believed some of the questions surrounding Palin ’s experience are sexist .
“ I do n’t see why Tim Pawlenty has any greater knowledge of foreign policy , and nobody would have raised a peep about him , ” he said
Max Boot , a Council on Foreign Relations fellow who also advises the McCain campaign , said that upon hearing McCain had tapped Palin , “ like most people , I do n’t think I had any impression at all . "
Boot said he soon decided that “ she was a great way for McCain to generate excitement and interest in his campaign , one day after the Democratic convention . ”
“ I do n’t know what her foreign policy views are .
I ’m not sure how important that is , ” Boot continued .
“ No one thinks that a McCain administration would be guided by the foreign policy of a vice president .
The office of the vice president is not set up to be a second national security adviser or secretary of state .
“ The lesson of the last eight years is that we had a president who was not that well versed on foreign affairs coming into office and we had a vice president who was supposed to make up for that deficiency , ” Boot added .
“ It seems to me the Obama campaign is trying to establish the Bush model . ”
Britons should be subjected to random carbon spotchecks and intensive surveillance of their diets , transport and waste disposal habits , says the Government 's architecture and design quango in a new report today .
The word " monitoring " occurs 19 times in the 32 - page publication by the Commission for Architecture and the Built Environment ( CABE ) .
If the proposals in the report What Makes An Eco Town ? are implemented few aspects of life will go unrecorded .
CABE says the strict monitoring is needed to ensure the carbon footprint of the eco - town dwellers remains at one - third of the British average , which is the requirement for what 's called " one- planet living " , the quango says .
Examples of monitoring include " the ecological footprint of the diet of 100 randomly selected residents " , and the number of shops selling local produce .
Waste disposal and transportion habits will also be scrutinized .
The Carbon Cult also wants to choose what you food you eat , and will carefully pre-select only the most righteous retailers .
Veggies will be pleased to read that the report recommends " actively seeking retailers on site who will commit to supporting residents in reducing the ecological footprint of their food consumption , in particular providing a wide variety of healthy , low meat and dairy options . "
One statistic that wo n't be recorded is the mortality rate from suicide caused by living in such a grimly regimented and obsessively monitored environment .
Or maybe that 's the plan .
The Government proposes 15 such towns to be built for over 100,000 citizens .
An eco -town resident fails to reach the perimeter
As we have already reported , other eco-town restrictions include a 15 mph speed limit for vehicles , and toilets that do n't flush .
Residents would also be " fined " for leaving the eco-town .
You can download the report from here - and it's well worth a read .
It has the zeal of a Maoist revolutionary order , as written by the most anally - retentive bureaucrat who ever lived . ®
GSE Executives Left to Bail Out Without Parachutes
With Wall Street anticipating the worst day in years following the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , the sale of the legendary Merrill Lynch , and the tenuous position of major insurer AIG , at least there was a little bit of good news for the consumer .
The public and specifically the two companies ' shareholders who have little hope of recouping any of their investment , were not happy when it was revealed last week that Daniel Mudd , former CEO and Richard Syron who had been removed from the same position with the seizure of Freddie Mac , would receive severance packages estimated at $ 6 to $ 8 million for Mudd , and Syron , through a clause added to his contract in July when a possible federal takeover was first discussed , might have received as much as $ 15 million .
News of the potential settlements provoked stinging editorials , cartoons , and expressions of outrage on the blogs and in newspapers ' letters to the editor spaces from those who felt that the two executives were largely responsible for the corporate meltdowns .
On Sunday the conservator appointed to administer the affairs of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae issued a one paragraph press release summarizing the FHFA 's decision that " ' golden parachute ' payments contemplated under ( the executive 's ) contracts would not be paid .
The Agency , serving as conservator , determined that under applicable statute and regulation , the Enterprises should not make such payments to these individuals and directed the Enterprises accordingly . "
The announcement follows an " interim final regulation " issued on Friday for publication in the Federal Register which invites comments on the FHFA 's ruling .
It states that no regulated entity can make or agree to make any golden parachute or indemnification payments without the agreement of the director who will take into consideration whether there is reason to believe that the recipient has committed any fraudulent act or omission , breach of trust or fiduciary duty or insider abuse that has impacted the regulated entity or if there is reason to believe that the recipient is substantially responsible for the insolvency of the entity , the establishment of the conservatorship and whether the proposed payment reasonable reflects the compensation earned over the period of employment or represents a reasonable payment for services rendered .
The compensation package that was expected by the two executives included pension money as well as severance pay and it is unclear whether the conservator can interfere with the pensions .
In an article in The Wall Street Journal James R. Hagerty speculated that the two had already lost much of their wealth through the collapse in Freddie and Fannie 's stock prices .
The value of Mudd's Fannie Mae stock is now worth $ 683,000 ( and may realistically be without any value ) compared to $ 23.7 million before the mortgage crisis .
According to The Journal , Syron and Mudd could n't be reached immediately for comment on the FHFA 's ruling .
Eatwild 's Directory of U.S. , Canadian and International Farms & Ranches
Share |
Eatwild 's Directory of Farms lists more than 1,400 pasture - based farms , with more farms being added each week .
It is the most comprehensive source for grass - fed meat and dairy products in the United States and Canada .
Products include : Beef , Pork , Lamb , Veal , Goat , Elk , Venison , Yak , Chickens , Ducks , Rabbits , Turkeys , Eggs , Milk , Cheeses , Wild - Caught Salmon and more !
To find pastured products near you , click on your state in the map below or from the alphabetical state list at the bottom of this page .
Or choose Canada or Outside the US & Canada .
Note : Farmers listed on Eatwild sign a statement certifying that they meet our criteria ; we do not , however , have the resources for a third - party verification of these claims .
We recommend that you visit your supplier to make sure that the farm satisfies your own criteria .
Click on a state or country below to find a local supplier ...
To get your farm or ranch listed on Eatwild , visit our Request for Inclusion page .
Support your local farmer .
When you buy meat or dairy products from a producer listed on Eatwild , you get great food and support your local farmer .
Eatwild does not receive any funds from the sale of meat or dairy products from these farms .
We continue to exist thanks to sales from the Eatwild Store and donations from individuals like you who support what we do .
( Click here to see a list of these wonderful folks . )
When you buy meat or dairy products from a producer listed on Eatwild , you get great food support your local farmer .
Eatwild does not receive any funds from the sale of meat or dairy products from these farms .
We continue to exist thanks to sales from the Eatwild Store and donations from individuals like you who support what we do .
( Click here to see a list of these wonderful folks . )
Want to buy meat in smaller quantities , e.g. , by the cut or served at a local restaurant ?
Each state page has its own Beyond the Farm link to local farmers markets , grocery stores and restaurants that sell grassfed products .
Look for it in the upper right hand corner of each state page .
Each state page has its own link to local farmers markets , grocery stores and restaurants that sell grassfed products .
Look for it in the upper right hand corner of each state page .
Ca n't find what you want locally ?
See our list of Farms that Ship .
See our list of Farms that Ship .
Do n't have a freezer and looking to buy in smaller quantities ?
Follow the Beyond the Farm link on your state page for a list of farmers markets , stores , restaurants or buying clubs that feature grass - fed products .
Follow the link on your state page for a list of farmers markets , stores , restaurants or buying clubs that feature grass - fed products .
Organic ?
Many farms are organically certified ; others lack certification but follow organic standards .
Others meet the standards for Certified Humane or the American Grassfed Association , or follow kosher , halal , or other specific practices .
Note :
We do not have the resources for a third - party verification of the farmers ’ claims .
We recommend that you visit your supplier to make sure that the farm satisfies your own criteria .
Many farms are organically certified ; others lack certification but follow organic standards .
Others meet the standards for Certified Humane or the American Grassfed Association , or follow kosher , halal , or other specific practices .
We do not have the resources for a third - party verification of the farmers ’ claims .
We recommend that you visit your supplier to make sure that the farm satisfies .
Need help understanding the labels : Cage - Free , Free - Range , Fair Trade , etc.?
Read A Consumer ’s Guide to Food Labels and Animal Welfare created by The Animal Welfare Institute .
Read A Consumer ’s Guide to Food Labels and Animal Welfare created by The Animal Welfare Institute .
All - Grassfed Dairies : Milk from 100 - percent grass - fed animals is much healthier than ordinary milk and deserves special attention .
Visit our All - Grassfed Dairies page to find a list of these dairies and Jo Robinson 's essay on Super Healthy Milk .
Choose states by name ...
Find a broken link , missing website , discontinued e-mail address , or disconnected phone number ?
Please E-mail our Webmaster and help us keep Eatwild up - to - date !
More Things to Know About Purchasing Meat
For the first time in my six - year teaching career , I am not completely freaked out by going back to school .
I have , however , more than paid my dues to reach this stage of teacher emotional stability .
In my first year of teaching , I freaked out not only in September , but pretty much every day ( and well into every night ) of the school year .
At the time , I taught teenagers with learning disabilities in the South Bronx , including many emotionally disturbed students .
I somehow managed to stick it out , and the next year , I met a Bronx teenager who would change my life and set me on my current career path .
Jeremy has Asperger ’s syndrome , a high - functioning form of autism .
As guilty as I feel admitting this as a teacher , there ’s no denying that Jeremy was my favorite student .
He may always be .
While other teachers seemed exasperated by Jeremy ’s autistic quirks , I got along with him easily .
We hung out during lunch .
He fixed the classroom computers and shared his unique life insights .
He also easily passed a New York State Science Regents exam on his first try , which quickly shifted the school administration ’s attitude from , “ We have to get rid of this kid , ” to , “ We need this kid for our numbers . ”
Sadly , Jeremy did n’t exactly receive a stellar public education in the Bronx .
I often wondered how much further he could have gone had he received stronger educational support from an early age .
Jeremy taught me that working with students with autism was what I wanted to do with my life .
I began training with the Center for Autism and Related Disorders , where I learned behavioral techniques for supporting children with autism in the classroom .
Simply by circumstance , not choice , I began working with younger kids .
This was because nearly all New York City and State funding for autism education is geared toward early intervention and preschool services .
When children with autism reach kindergarten , they often lose their services .
So it ’s actually quite difficult to make a living as an autism educator to older kids in New York .
There ’s simply no money there .
I miss teenagers like Jeremy , but , as it turns out , teaching the little ones is my forte .
This is mostly because I ’m a 34 - year - old with a four - year - old sense of humor .
I now provide preschool and home - based services to children with autism spectrum disorders , mostly in Manhattan .
I also occasionally work with children with other special needs .
Last school year , I worked closely with a boy recovering from leukemia .
He is now in full remission and about to begin life as a mainstreamed kindergartner !
I have become a huge proponent of mainstreaming at an early age , and I love working with special needs students in mainstream pre-school classrooms .
My goal is to help them prepare for fully mainstreamed kindergarten and elementary school educations .
They , in turn , help me stay grounded .
In the ideal scenario , a few months into the school year , if I do my job well , an outsider will walk into the pre-school classroom and have little idea which teacher is the special needs teacher and which kid is the special needs student .
My first few months with a student can be challenging , but with the right approach , the next six months of the school year are relatively smooth .
Being a special education itinerant teacher ( SEIT ) requires a balancing act of supporting , but not stifling , my students .
I often interact with the other kids in the classroom , and they tend to see me as one of their teachers , too .
Most of them do n’t really know ( or care ) that I ’m officially there for one student .
At the pre-school age , there is little stigma in receiving special needs services .
The kids have not yet developed that sort of prejudice .
If there is any stigma , it comes from the adults .
Preschool started this week .
I had a wonderful summer of teaching part - time and hanging out with kids on city playgrounds .
There are moments when I can’t believe I get paid to do this ( tempered , of course , by moments when I do n’t get paid nearly enough to do this . )
This summer , there were more of the former .
I worked with two students at their summer camps , and I worked weekends with one student at his family ’s country home .
Summer seemed to have a superhero theme .
Two girls showed up to summer camp dressed as Spider - Man and Batman for no apparent reason ( other than the obvious cool factor ) .
I played superheroes on the playground and blasted off with a ( highly imaginative ) student from the tip of the Egyptian pyramids into outer space .
( Yes , my job is cooler than yours . )
I saw preschoolers develop seemingly random , yet fervent obsessions with the state of Wyoming and chicken pot pie .
I also experienced several language breakthroughs with a student , one of which came in the form of a clear request : “ I want Sesame Street numbers ! ”
So we watched Count von Count , who I quickly realized , like Jeremy , has a clear case of Asperger ’s Syndrome .
Numbers , numbers , numbers !
Mwahaha !
I then realized I was diagnosing a Sesame Street character with special needs and that I needed a break from kids before September .
This school year , I am working with students at two Manhattan preschools and providing home - based , early intervention autism services to several two - year - olds .
There is nothing quite like welcoming nervous and excited preschoolers to their first week .
The two boys I will work with at school this year are old pros , having attended preschool before .
But things are about to get more serious for them .
It ’s time to start learning to read , write , and share blocks without fighting .
It sometimes astonishes me that I found my perfect career .
I never meant to be a teacher .
I meant to be a serious journalist .
But when my grad school classmates went off to write for esteemed media outlets , I went off to teach special needs kids .
It made no sense .
It was the best decision I ever made .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Former head of the Homeland Security Department , Tom Ridge , appeared on This Week with George Stephanopoulos as a McCain supporter , but his presence there was clearly to remind the American people of the threat of terrorism upon which McCain is basing his entire campaign .
It would probably be more effective if Ridge was n't the one who did n't admit -- after his tenure -- that the Bush administration played up those color - coded terror alerts more than necessary , but hey , that 's just me .
George Stephanopoulos asks Ridge about the recent development in the anthrax case ( its very existence proving the " we have n't been hit since 9/11 " meme a lie ) and whether Bush and Cheney wanted the facts to show that al Qaida was responsible .
Funnily enough , though he denies that Bush and Cheney wanted the intelligence manipulated ( because they 've never done that before ) , he 's not entirely prepared to say that the man now fingered as the source of the anthrax attacks , Dr. Bruce Ivins , is solely guilty , even though the FBI have come out and said that they 're comfortable they had the right man and in light of his suicide this week , they 're prepared to close the investigation .
Now , I 'm not prepared to comment one way or another on Ivins -- I 'm actually startled to learn that there WAS an anthrax investigation ongoing , so little has been heard about it .
I will say that it 's curious to me that initial reporting about Ivins from neighbors described him as friendly and unlikely to do something like this and then the reporting took a strange turn with a therapist saying he had expressed interest in mass killings , even going as far as to say he wanted to revenge kill women , although that does n't explain targeting Tom Daschle and Pat Leahy ( nor has anyone suggest a partisan bent on the part of Dr. Ivins ) .
But above all , the most ironic thing is that this question was asked on an ABC show at all .
Steve Benen explains :
If the investigation is officially wrapping up , as it appears to be , and the FBI is confident that the perpetrator is now dead , there 's no reason for ABC News to protect sources that deliberately lied as part of a larger initiative to con the public into supporting an unnecessary war in Iraq .
For that matter , those who helped spread the lie should obviously be held accountable .
In this instance , that has to include John McCain , who appeared on " Late Night with David Letterman " on Oct. 18 , 2001 , before ABC ran with its patently false stories linking the anthrax attacks to Iraq .
Transcripts below the fold
STEPHANOPOULOS : Let 's also talk before you go about the anthrax is back in the news .
You were the director of homeland security for President Bush right after the anthrax attacks .
And there 's a report in the New York Daily News this morning that suggests that White House officials were pressuring the FBI to pin this attack on Al Qaida .
Now it appears that the FBI believes at least that it was Dr. Ivins at Ft. Detrick , Maryland .
I guess two questions .
Were White House officials at the time trying to pressure the FBI ?
RIDGE : President Bush and Vice President Cheney on many of our meetings were saying , " follow the evidence wherever it takes you and cast a universal net worldwide .
Whether it 's domestic , whether it 's international , whether it 's Al Qaida , whether it's not , we need an
answer . "
That was the pressure .
They were n't looking for -- they were looking for an answer , but they were n't trying to identify one before the investigation was completed .
STEPHANOPOULOS :
Do you believe the FBI has found the culprit ?
RIDGE : It 's difficult .
I do n't know how far -- I do n't know the evidentiary trail .
I do n't know how deep they dug .
So it would be difficult for me to comment .
But I know that they were relentless , relentless , both domestically and overseas , both -- with the notion that it could have been a part of a broader terrorist network , but it could also have been the act of a deranged individual or two .
Hurricane
Ike is bearing down on the Texas coast like an eerie reminder of the deadly 1900 storm that mauled Galveston , and represents a perfect - storm scenario of possible damage to vulnerable refining , chemical , and shipping industries .
As Ike ’s Category - 2 winds start pounding one - quarter of America ’s oil - refining capacity , what ’s the likely outcome in terms of gasoline prices and shortages ?
Reuters quotes one breathless meteorologist :
But ...
I ’m constantly hearing about special or wise people , people that are better than the most of us .
Let it be scientists , university teachers , modern philosophers , writers , I hear names that seem more important than mine .
And if this was n’t enough , I even talk with people that think that they are quite something themselves , much different and wiser than the rest of us .
Heck , my experience tells me that generally , nobody is that special .
Destruction
I am going to destruct the major / common opinion in two examples .
The thinking is up to you , try to put faces on the following paradigms .
The writer / poet / scientist / artist .
We imagine someone quite known , like the writer Fydor Dostoyevski .
I call him “ the greatest ” , but what did he do ?
He wrote books , stories of people that certainly went deep into describing the subconscious of their characters .
So , what ?
Is it something that other people ca n’t do ?
Not everyone can do it of course , but many people can .
It is n’t an ability so rare , that ’s for sure .
Then , Salvator Dali , a well - known artist with many psychedelic paintings .
What did he do ?
He painted what he saw in his dreams .
Is it something that many other people ca n’t do ?
No .
Hmmm , Einstein .
A well - known scientist , recognized as The smart human .
Do you think that he made up by himself all the things that he wrote ?
No , he just made a small step forward on the path that many scientists had walked before him .
Are there no other scientists ?
There are , for sure .
And I agree that they are better that the average person , but that happens in their own field of expertise .
In the end , they do n’t happen to stand out too much in a matter of general abilities .
But let ’s take a look at them as people .
If you asked them , do you think that they would know something more about the meaning of life than you ?
No .
Do you think that they led a much happier and contentious life than you ?
Probably not .
In reality , many top - on - their - field people can be compared to children considering their personal maturity .
Or at least , they are n’t much different than the average adult .
The person in front of you that thinks that he is special .
Setting aside all these “ celebrities ” , take a look at the person sitting in front of you .
He thinks that he is special for some reason ( because he plays in a big football team , because he reads difficult literature etc. ) but YOU CAN SEE his faults and gaps .
Not only is n’t he special , but he may even be part of that large percentage of mediocre people that overly exaggerate about their personal value .
Is there anyone wiser than you ?
Simply , have you even known someone that really knows more about life than yourself ?
He may know more about society , that ’s a matter of years of experience , but does he know more about being happy than yourself ?
Does he seem like he is content with his reality ?
Does he seem like he wants to teach nothing to noone ?
Does he seem like he knows that he is a mere “ ant ” ?
There is a big chance that this person is much wiser than your average “ wise ” .
So …
Nobody is wise , nobody knows more about life than you do , nobody is quite special .
Simple stuff . 🙂
Read also :
The way for a happy life – Be small !
http://infowars.net/articles/august2008/150808Investigation.htm
Saturday , August 16 , 2008
Judiciary Committee To Investigate Plot To Paint Plane In UN Colors And Provoke Shootdown Over Iraq
Conyers conducting examination into intelligence fixing and forgery
As part of a major examination into the evidence that the Bush administration forged intelligence documents to justify the invasion of Iraq , the House Judiciary Committee will also look into various considerations , plots and attempts to provoke war , including the idea of goading Saddam Hussein to shoot down a mock UN plane .
House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers has announced that he and his staff will investigate the evidence most recently collated and presented by Pulitzer Prize - winning journalist Ron Suskind in his book The Way of the World : A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism .
According to a press release earlier this week , Conyers ' office will examine :
" Reported examples of the Bush Administration considering other deceptive schemes to justify or provoke war with Iraq , such as the reported consideration of painting a U.S. aircraft with UN colors in order to provoke Iraq into military confrontation . "
The revelation first appeared in February 2006 when minutes of George Bush and Tony Blair 's pre-war January 2003 meeting surfaced .
Amongst the clear evidence that the two were planning to begin military action on March 10th 2003 , irrespective of whether the United Nations had passed a new resolution authorizing the use of force or not , came the provocation idea .
President Bush said : " The US was thinking of flying U2 reconnaissance aircraft with fighter cover over Iraq , painted in UN colors .
If Saddam fired on them , he would be in breach . "
He went on : " It was also possible that a defector could be brought out who would give a public presentation about Saddam 's WMD , and there was also a small possibility that Saddam would be assassinated . "
The investigation will primarily focus on the evidence that the White House ordered the CIA to forge a handwritten letter from the head of Iraq 's intelligence service to Saddam Hussein that purported to link the Iraqi dictator to the ringleader of the hijackers Mohammed Atta , as outlined by Suskind in his book .
It will also review the evidence that the Bush Administration deliberately ignored information from Iraq ’s chief intelligence officer that Saddam Hussein possessed no WMDs and instead forged intelligence to suggest he had an active weapons program .
In an interview with Democracy Now !
John Conyers called the investigation " the most critical investigation of the entire Bush administration " .
Watch Suskind 's appearance along with Conyers on Democracy now :
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
With the economy still suffering from a mild case of recession and the trauma of high energy prices , it 's time for the periodic checkup with Dr. Ben .
The Federal Open Market Committee meets Tuesday to talk about what to do about this sick economy .
The patient is demanding instant relief , but the doctor knows the only cure for what ails the U.S. economy is time .
Chairman Ben Bernanke and the rest of the FOMC have done all they can do by slashing overnight lending rates down to 2.0 % and by providing unprecedented doses of cheap money to the comatose financial system .
The FOMC is expected to keep its target rate unchanged but to alter its statement to indicate that the weak economy is the chief worry in the short run , while the risks of higher inflation remain elevated .
" The majority of FOMC members is now a bit more concerned about growth and a bit less concerned about inflation , " said Jan Hatzius , chief economist for Goldman Sachs .
The patient is n't out of the woods quite yet , the doctor will say .
Let 's give it time .
Energy eases price concerns
With energy prices coming off of their highs , the Fed can focus more on the economic outlook , which has worsened .
Although the economy did bounce back to a 1.9 % growth rate in the second quarter due to the rebate checks and to still - strong exports , there is no evidence that the rebound is sustainable , Hatzius wrote .
He expects the economy to stall in the last three months of this year and the first three months of 2009 .
" I suspect that the Fed staff has a similar forecast , " he said .
The jobs report for July was very weak beneath the surface .
" Employers are aggressively cutting back their employees ' hours , " Hatzius said .
He added that many people are clinging to jobs that are providing them less and less income .
It was only the rebate check from the IRS that kept spending growing in the second quarter , he said .
Income numbers on tap
The slowdown in income growth will be seen in the week 's data .
On Monday , the Commerce Department will report on income and spending numbers for June .
Since we 've already seen the quarterly numbers through June , the monthly figures wo n't attract too much market attention .
Personal incomes are projected to fall about 0.2 % in June after a huge 1.9 % increase in May , according to a survey of economists conducted by MarketWatch .
Again , the May bump was attributed to the rebates .
" Rebate checks continued to be paid out in June , but the total amount distributed declined , pushing down the monthly growth rate , " said economists for Barclays Capital .
Consumer spending likely increased 0.4 % in nominal terms , but fell slightly in real terms after adjusting for higher prices .
Spending on durable goods has fallen , and spending on services is very weak .
The inflation figures in the June spending report wo n't be pretty , with the surge in food and gas prices .
But core prices ( which exclude food and energy ) should show a modest 0.2 % gain in June , which would push the increase in the past year up to 2.2 % from 2.0 % in May .
The rest of the data schedule is light , with only third - tier indicators on tap .
The Institute for Supply Management 's nonmanufacturing index is likely to stay below the 50 % breakeven line at 48.1 % , our survey suggests .
Productivity probably increased at a 2.7 % annual rate in the second quarter , a result of modest job cuts and slow output growth .
Unit labor costs , a key measurement of inflationary pressures from labor , should rise 1.5 % , " subdued by most standards , " according to economists for Credit Suisse .
Well , that 's it .
It 's all over : the election , human existence , everything .
It turns out that a preposterous new McCain campaign ad , which attacks Barack Obama for attacking Sarah Palin , also manages to tell a lie about an article published on a website that only exists in the first place to point out when the campaigns are telling lies , thereby creating a fatal wormhole in the space - time continuum that will shortly suck all physical matter into its gaping maw .
The ad suggests that the non-partisan service Factcheck.org , at the University of Pennsylvania 's Annenberg Public Policy Center , has dismissed Obama 's attacks on Palin as " absolutely false " and " misleading " .
But guess what , irony enthusiasts : that claim itself is absolutely false and misleading !
Factcheck.org was talking about crazy rumours put about by so - called online internet bloggers , not criticisms levelled by Obama at all .
( Perspicacious lie - spotters may also have noticed that yesterday 's McCain attack ad used footage of the CBS news anchor Katie Couric apparently agreeing that criticisms of Sarah Palin had been deeply sexist ; in fact , she was talking about Hillary Clinton , and the ad has since been removed from YouTube at CBS 's request .
You remember Hillary Clinton -- she 's the one about whom a McCain supporter once asked him " How do we beat the bitch ? " , causing the crusading progressive feminist John McCain to chuckle and declare " that 's an excellent question . " )
This evening I was playing around with the idea of profiling jQuery applications – trying to find a convenient way to completely analyze all the code that is being executed in your application .
I ’ve come up with a plugin that you can inject into a jQuery site that you own and see how the performance breaks down method - by - method .
Here ’s how you can try this plugin on your own site :
Step 1 : Copy site HTML , add base href , add plugin .
For example , Github.com uses jQuery for a few basic effects and pieces of interaction ( they use considerably more on pages beyond the homepage ) .
I took a copy of their page , added a < base href > to the top and injected the profiling plugin giving a resulting test page .
Before :
< head > < meta http-equiv= " content - type " content = " text/html;charset=UTF - 8 " /> ... < script src= " /javascripts/bundle.js " ></ script > ... </head >
After :
< head > < meta http-equiv= " content - type " content = " text/html;charset=UTF - 8 " /> < base href = " http://github.com/ " /> ... < script src= " /javascripts/bundle.js " ></ script > < script src= "
http://dev.jquery.com/~john/plugins/profile/jquery-profile.js "></script> ... </head >
Step 2 : Use the site normally .
Use the site as you normally would .
Load it up , click around – perform normal interactions .
In the case of the Github.com page I let it load , scrolled down , and clicked on one of the demo images – which caused an overlay to appear .
I then closed the X on the overlay and let it hide .
Step 3 : View data .
In your console type jQuery.displayProfile( ) ; and scroll down to the bottom of the page .
You should see something like the following :
and here ’s a sample data dump :
Event : ready ( 165 ms ) % ( ms ) Method in out 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( #document ) 1 0.0 % 0 . bind ( “ ready ” , function ( ) ) 1 1 3.6 % 6 jQuery ( “ a[ hotkey ] ” ) 0.0 % 0 .each ( function ( ) ) 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( #document ) 1 0.0 % 0 .bind ( “ keydown.hotkey ” , function ( ) ) 1 1 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( “ #triangle ” ) 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( “ body ” ) 1 1.2 % 2 .append ( “ < div id =” triangle ” style= ” position : absolute ; display : none ; ” > </div > ” ) 1 1 0.6 % 1 jQuery ( “ #repo_menu .active ” ) 3.6 % 6 jQuery ( “. jshide ” ) 0.0 % 0 .hide ( ) 1.2 % 2 jQuery ( “.toggle_link ” ) 0.0 % 0 .click ( function ( ) ) 0.6 % 1 jQuery ( “ # beta : text ” ) 0.0 % 0 .focus ( function ( ) ) 0.6 % 1 jQuery ( “ # beta form ” ) 0.0 % 0 .ajaxForm ( function ( ) ) 1.2 % 2 jQuery ( “ .hide_alert ” ) 0.0 % 0 .click ( function ( ) ) 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( “ #login_field ” ) 0.0 % 0 .focus ( ) 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( “ #versions_select ” ) 0.0 % 0 .change ( function ( ) ) 1.2 % 2 jQuery ( “ a[ rel*=facebox ] ” ) 3 17.6 % 29 .facebox ( ) 3 3 Event : load ( 1 ms ) % ( ms ) Method in out Event : click ( 29 ms ) % ( ms ) Method in out 6.9 % 2 jQuery ( “ #facebox .loading ” ) 3.4 % 1 jQuery ( “ facebox_overlay ” ) 3.4 % 1 jQuery ( “ body ” ) 1 6.9 % 2 .append ( “ < div id =” facebox_overlay ” class= ” facebox_hide ” ></div > ” ) 1 1 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( “ #facebox_overlay ” ) 1 6.9 % 2 .hide ( ) 1 1 3.4 % 1 .addClass ( “ facebox_overlayBG ” ) 1 1 0.0 % 0 .css ( “ opacity ” , 0 ) 1 1 3.4 % 1 .click ( function ( ) ) 1 1 6.9 % 2 . fadeIn ( 200 ) 1 1 3.4 % 1 jQuery ( “ #facebox .content ” ) 1 3.4 % 1 .empty ( ) 1 1 3.4 % 1 jQuery ( “ #facebox .body ” ) 1 0.0 % 0 .children ( ) 1 2 10.3 % 3 .hide ( ) 2 2 0.0 % 0 .end ( ) 2 1 6.9 % 2 .append ( “ < div class= ” loading ” >< img src=”/facebox/loading.gif ”/></div>”) 1 1 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( “ # facebox ” ) 1 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( {…} ) 1 3.4 % 1 . width ( ) 1 0.0 % 0 .css ( {…} ) 1 1 6.9 % 2 . show ( ) 1 1 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( #document ) 1 0.0 % 0 .bind ( “ keydown.facebox ” , function ( ) ) 1 1 0.0 % 0 jQuery ( #document ) 1 3.4 % 1 . trigger ( “ loading.facebox ” ) 1 1 Event : beforeReveal.facebox ( 1 ms ) % ( ms ) Method in out Event : click ( 6 ms ) % ( ms ) Method in out 16.7 % 1 jQuery ( #document ) 1 66.7 % 4 . trigger (“ close.facebox ” ) 1 1 Event : close.facebox ( 3 ms ) % ( ms ) Method in out
This quick table of data should be able to provide you with some interesting information about what ’s happening in your code .
The result is still incredibly basic ( really only providing the most basic level of jQuery method introspection ) but it definitely shows some merit .
If you wish to create a different view for the data you can access the raw data structure by running jQuery.getProfile ( ) ; .
The next stage of development for this plugin would be to reveal which methods are running inside other jQuery methods – in addition to monitoring other aspects of the application ( such as timers , Ajax callbacks , etc. ) .
I ’m pleased with even this most - basic result – it gives me the ability to quickly , and easily , learn much more about a jQuery - using application .
Wildscreen ’s WildFilmHistory project was launched in 2008 as unique multi-media guide to the history and heritage of wildlife filmmaking .
Supported by the Heritage Lottery Fund , it brought together more than 100 of the world ’s most important and ground - breaking wildlife films , behind the scenes photographs and oral histories of industry pioneers .
The WildFilmHistory website was taken offline in January 2019 .
The collection is stored securely offline in perpetuity .
If you would like any further information about the collection , please contact : hello@wildscreen.org .
A powerful earthquake has struck off the eastern coast of Japan , with officials warning that some regions could be hit by a small tsunami .
Japan 's Meteorological Agency measured the 6.6 - magnitude quake just before noon off Fukushima prefecture .
The agency issued a tsunami warning for Fukushima and Miyagi prefectures .
Reports said buildings shook in Tokyo with the force of the quake , but there was not thought to be any serious damage or any casualties .
Japan is one of the world 's most earthquake - prone countries and experiences thousands of tremors each year .
Sweet Potato and Cassava More Efficient Than Corn In Ethanol Study
August 21st , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
According to the US Department of Agriculture , recent experiments show that sweet potatoes and tropical cassava yield two to three times as much carbohydrate for ethanol production as field corn .
Sweet potatoes and cassava also require significantly less fertilizer and pesticide than corn .
The experiments are unique in that all three crops were grown at the same time in two different areas of the country .
But sweet potatoes and cassava are not without disadvantages .
The two crops have higher start - up costs than corn , so without big subsidies farmers may not see a reason to hop on the bandwagon .
The study notes that sweet potato and cassava only have greater potential than corn if economical harvesting and processing techniques are developed .
And while cassava and sweet potato are not staple foods like corn , they still take up valuable land that could be used for much - needed food production .
Additionally , the two crops only reach the lower limits of sugarcane ’s production ability .
So while the discovery of their efficiency is a milestone in the search for better ethanol , we still have a long way to go .
Posts Related to Fuel :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
occam - pi : blending the best of CSP and the pi-calculus
[ news | occam - pi | download | documentation | bugs | coming - soon | publications | links ]
Occam - pi and KRoC are the result of on - going research extending the ( CSP ) ideas of occam by judicious inclusion of the mobility features of the pi-calculus .
In the interests of proveability , we have been careful to preserve the distinction between the original simple static point - to - point synchronised communication of occam and the dynamic asynchronous multiplexed communication of the pi-calculus ; in this we have been prepared to sacrifice the elegant sparsity of the pi-calculus .
We conjecture that the extra complexity ( and discipline ) introduced will make the task of proving concurrent and distributed programs easier .
The Kent Retargetable occam Compiler ( KRoC ) is an occam / occam - pi language platform , comprised of an occam compiler , native - code translator and supporting run-time system .
This page documents the open - source ( GNU General Public License ( GPL ) and Library General Public License ( LGPL ) ) version of KRoC , currently supporting Intel / i386 based machines running Linux or FreeBSD .
Binary releases of older versions of KRoC ( that do not support the occam - pi extensions ) are available for Solaris / SPARC , OSF / Alpha and Parsytec / PowerPC , from the WoTUG site .
CSP has a compositional and denotational semantics , which means that it allows modular and incremental development ( refinement ) even for concurrent components .
In turn , this means that we get no surprises when we run processes in parallel ( since their points of interaction have to be explicitly handled by all parties to these interactions ) .
This is simply not the case for standard threads - and - locks concurrency , which have no formal denotational semantics and by which we get surprised all the time .
However , we need some extensions to describe certain new dynamics - and this is where we turn to the pi-calculus .
Specifically , we want to allow networks of processes to evolve , to change their topologies , to cope with growth and decay without losing semantic or structural integrity .
We want to address the mobility of processes , channels and data and understand the relationships between these ideas .
We want to retain the ability to reason about such systems , preserving the concept of refinement .
This version of the occam compiler supports the new occam - pi version of the language .
New features include :
MOBILE and non- MOBILE barriers
and non- barriers MOBILE process types , communications and assignment
process types , communications and assignment MOBILE channel types , communications and assignment
channel types , communications and assignment MOBILE data types , communications and assignment
data types , communications and assignment run-time sized MOBILE arrays
arrays run-time sized PAR replicators
replicators FORK ed dynamic process creation
ed dynamic process creation self - recursion for PROC s
s usage of user PROTOCOL s in other PROTOCOL definitions
s in other definitions variant ( tagged ) PROTOCOL inheritance
inheritance process priority support for 32 levels of priority
user - defined channels for interfacing channel communications with external code
a new code generator with various levels of optimisation
better integration of user code and the run-time kernel
undefined ( and unassigned ) variable usage checks
70 nano - seconds context - switch / communication time ( on an 800 MHz. P3 )
20 nano - seconds process startup / shutdown time ( on an 800 MHz. P3 )
extended rendezvous
STEP sizes for replicators : e.g. `` PAR i = < start > FOR < count > STEP < stride > ''
sizes for replicators : e.g. `` '' array constructor expressions : e.g. `` x := [ i = 0 FOR SIZE x | f ( i ) ] ''
'' channel direction specifiers : e.g. `` PROC foo ( CHAN OF INT in ? , out ! ) ''
'' the OF keyword is now optional : e.g. `` PROC foo ( CHAN INT in ? , out ! ) ''
More information relating to the new langauge extensions for occam - pi .
Additional information on KRoC , including a reference manual ( currently mostly occam , not occam - pi ) , standards for the new occamdoc tool , development notes and other can be found on the Programming Languages and Systems Group Wiki .
KRoC project home - page , providing more details on the KRoC project .
Installation instructions for newer versions of KRoC .
kroc - dev mailing - list available for discussion / announcements about KRoC development .
The open - source version of KRoC is available as a tarball :
14/01/2006 : KRoC 1.4.0 latest stable version ( Linux / i386 , FreeBSD /i386 , Cygwin/i386 ) :
kroc -1.4.0.tar.gz ( 6.67 M ) , kroc - 1.4.0.tar.bz2 ( 4.20 M )
Note :
This version is now quite old .
If you intend to use the newer features of the language , we 'd recommend you follow the instructions here , to install a newer version of KRoC .
Once downloaded , unpack the tarball , change into the ` kroc- version ' directory and run the ` build ' script to compile and install KRoC :
bash $ tar - xvzf kroc - 1.4.0.tar.gz kroc - 1.4.0 / kroc - 1.4.0 / build bash $ cd kroc - 1.4.0 bash$ ./ build KRoC installation configuration 1 - 7 to change path , A - E to toggle / set feature , Ctrl - C to abort , return to confirm and install :
By default , KRoC will install itself in the source - tree .
To select a different installation directory , enter 1 at the prompt , and when prompted again , type the desired directory .
Other parts of the configuration may be set in a similar way .
To install with the default settings , simply press return .
The build process can be aborted at any time by pressing Ctrl - C -- when ` build ' is re-run , it will not re-build things that are already compiled .
For detailed information on building KRoC :
bash $ ./ build -- help
Note : if the installation completes successfully , the ` build ' script will display a message -- read this carefully as it contains important information relating to the package .
You should also read the top - level ` README ' file .
The various example programs can be built with :
bash$ ./ build examples
Example programs are now installed under the ' kroc specific files ' directory ( as given in the configuration ) .
Currently these are :
Directory Description examples / course / course library example programs , demos and some model answers to occam exercises examples / syncs / synchronisation primitive examples examples / udc / user - defined channel example programs examples / cif / C- interface example programs examples / demos / the `better - bar ' demonstrator examples / bsc / file / socket / process examples ( for blocking sys - calls ) examples / dynproc / dynamically loadable process examples examples / sdlraster / SDLRaster example programs
The source - tree can be cleaned by running ` ./ build clean '.
This will not remove anything already installed , but will remove any example programs and cgtests built ( that are built using ` ./ build examples ' and ` ./ build cgtests ' respectively ) .
Much of the KRoC documentation is provided in the form of text / HTML files and UNIX manual pages .
In KRoC 1.3.3 and above , the standard " course " library is documented by manpages , in addition to minimal manpages for the Inmos libraries ( that just detail the PROC / FUNCTION interfaces and give a brief description of the library ) .
Documentation relating to KRoC is installed in the specified ' kroc specific files ' directory under doc / .
If you 're new to KRoC , you should read the Getting started with KRoC page ( a textual version is included in the distribution as essentially - kroc. txt ) .
This describes the basics of occam - pi programs and how to compile them with KRoC .
The following documentation is on - line ( and also included in the distribution ) :
If you have problems compiling or installing KRoC on your Linux system , we may be able to help .
When the ` build ' script is run , it leaves a copy of its output in a file called ` typescript ' ( left in the top - level directory of the distribution ) .
If the compilation fails , this file will have a copy of the error - message .
E-mail this file as an attachment to ofa-bugs@kent.ac.uk .
Please also include in the email any relevant information , e.g. : hardware / processor ( ` cat / proc / cpuinfo ' ) ; the Linux kernel version ( ` cat / proc / version ' , or ` uname - a ) ; and the name and version of the distribution you are using ( e.g. ``Debian stable ' ' ) .
It is often helpful to have a full typescript file .
To get this , `distclean ' then re-build the distribution :
bash$ ./ build distclean bash$ ./ build KRoC installation configuration 1 - 7 to change path , A - E to toggle / set feature , Ctrl - C to abort , return to confirm and install :
There is a mailing - list for the dicussion of occam / KRoC related issues , occam-com@kent.ac.uk .
This is a closed list , to subscribe please mail Peter Welch .
The KRoC open - source release is under continuous development .
The following additions / extensions are planned for future releases , and may already be partially supported in the development releases :
MOBILE process types , as described in the IEE paper ` Prioritised Dynamic Communicating and Mobile Processes ' , below
process types , as described in the IEE paper ` Prioritised Dynamic Communicating and Mobile Processes ' , below KRoC target for Linux / MIPS ( 32 - bit for MIPS - II and above )
KRoC target for Solaris / Sparc ( gcc , 32 - bit )
KRoC target for Linux / PPC ( gcc , 32 - bit )
All publications relating to the KRoC project can be found on this page : http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/research/groups/sys/kroc.html.
There are no lost cities containing aliens and otherworldly technology but ancient settlements in the Amazon , now almost entirely obscured by tropical forest , were once large and complex enough to be considered " urban " as the term is commonly applied to both medieval European and ancient Greek communities , according to a paper in Science authored by anthropologists from the University of Florida and Brazil , and a member of the Kuikuro , an indigenous Amazonian people who are the descendants of the settlements ' original inhabitants .
The paper also argues that the size and scale of the settlements in the southern Amazon in North Central Brazil means that what many scientists have considered virgin tropical forests are in fact heavily influenced by historic human activity .
Not only that , but the settlements – consisting of networks of walled towns and smaller villages , each organized around a central plaza – suggest future solutions for supporting the indigenous population in Brazil 's state of Mato Grosso and other regions of the Amazon , the paper says .
" If we look at your average medieval town or your average Greek polis , most are about the scale of those we find in this part of the Amazon , " said Mike Heckenberger , a UF professor of anthropology and the lead author of the paper .
" Only the ones we find are much more complicated in terms of their planning . "
Heckenberger and his colleagues first announced the discovery of the settlements in a 2003 Science paper .
The largest date from around 1250 to 1650 , when European colonists and the diseases they brought likely killed most of their inhabitants .
" Some of the practices that these folks hammered may provide alternative forms of understanding how to do low level sustainable development today , " Heckenberger said .
The communities are now almost entirely overgrown .
But Heckenberger said that members of the Kuikuro , a Xinguano tribe that calls the region home , are adept at identifying telltale landscape features that reveal ancient activity .
These include , for example , " dark earth " that indicate past human waste dumps or farming , concentrations of pottery shards and earthworks .
Also assisted by satellite imagery and GPS technology , the researchers spent more than a decade uncovering and mapping the obscured communities .
The new paper reports that the settlements consisted of clusters of 150 - acre towns and smaller villages organized in spread out " galactic " patterns .
None of the large towns was as large as the largest medieval or Greek towns .
But as with those towns , the Amazonian ones were surrounded by large walls – in their case , composed of earthworks still extant today .
Among other repeated features , each Amazonian settlement had an identical formal road , always oriented northeast to southwest in keeping with the mid-year summer solstice , connected to a central plaza .
The careful placement of the like - oriented settlements is indicative of the regional planning and political organization that are hallmarks of urban society , Heckenberger said .
" These are not cities , but this is urbanism , built around towns , " he said .
The findings are important because they contradict long - held stereotypes about early Western versus early New World settlements that rest on the idea that " if you find it in Europe , it 's a city .
If you find it somewhere else , it has to be something else , " Heckenberger said .
" They have quite remarkable planning and self - organization , more so than many classical examples of what people would call urbanism , " he said .
But the research is also important because it means at least one area of " pristine " Amazon has a history of human activity .
That could change not only how scientists assess the flora and fauna , but also how conservationists approach preserving the remains of forest so heavily cleared it is the world 's largest soybean producing area .
" This throws a wrench in all the models suggesting we are looking at primordial biodiversity , " Heckenberger said .
Around the communities the scientists found dams and artificial ponds that indicate inhabitants farmed fish near their homes .
They also found the remnants of open areas and large compost heaps suggesting widespread near - town cultivation .
The research has been funded by the National Science Foundation .
Text size
The Power of Intelligence
In our skulls we carry around 3 pounds of slimy , wet , greyish tissue , corrugated like crumpled toilet paper .
You would n’t think , to look at the unappetizing lump , that it was some of the most powerful stuff in the known universe .
If you ’d never seen an anatomy textbook , and you saw a brain lying in the street , you ’d say “ Yuck ! ” and try not to get any of it on your shoes .
Aristotle thought the brain was an organ that cooled the blood .
It does n’t look dangerous .
Five million years ago , the ancestors of lions ruled the day , the ancestors of wolves roamed the night .
The ruling predators were armed with teeth and claws – sharp , hard cutting edges , backed up by powerful muscles .
Their prey , in self - defense , evolved armored shells , sharp horns , poisonous venoms , camouflage .
The war had gone on through hundreds of eons and countless arms races .
Many a loser had been removed from the game , but there was no sign of a winner .
Where one species had shells , another species would evolve to crack them ; where one species became poisonous , another would evolve to tolerate the poison .
Each species had its private niche – for who could live in the seas and the skies and the land at once ?
There was no ultimate weapon and no ultimate defense and no reason to believe any such thing was possible .
Then came the Day of the Squishy Things .
They had no armor .
They had no claws .
They had no venoms .
If you saw a movie of a nuclear explosion going off , and you were told an Earthly life form had done it , you would never in your wildest dreams imagine that the Squishy Things could be responsible .
After all , Squishy
Things are n’t radioactive .
In the beginning , the Squishy Things had no fighter jets , no machine guns , no rifles , no swords .
No bronze , no iron .
No hammers , no anvils , no tongs , no smithies , no mines .
All the Squishy Things had were squishy fingers – too weak to break a tree , let alone a mountain .
Clearly not dangerous .
To cut stone you would need steel , and the Squishy Things could n’t excrete steel .
In the environment there were no steel blades for Squishy fingers to pick up .
Their bodies could not generate temperatures anywhere near hot enough to melt metal .
The whole scenario was obviously absurd .
And as for the Squishy Things manipulating DNA – that would have been beyond ridiculous .
Squishy fingers are not that small .
There is no access to DNA from the Squishy level ; it would be like trying to pick up a hydrogen atom .
Oh , technically it ’s all one universe , technically the Squishy Things and DNA are part of the same world , the same unified laws of physics , the same great web of causality .
But let ’s be realistic : you ca n’t get there from here .
Even if Squishy
Things could someday evolve to do any of those feats , it would take thousands of millennia .
We have watched the ebb and flow of Life through the eons , and let us tell you , a year is not even a single clock tick of evolutionary time .
Oh , sure , technically a year is six hundred trillion trillion trillion trillion Planck intervals .
But nothing ever happens in less than six hundred million trillion trillion trillion trillion Planck intervals , so it ’s a moot point .
The Squishy Things , as they run across the savanna now , will not fly across continents for at least another ten million years ; no one could have that much sex .
Now explain to me again why an Artificial Intelligence can’t do anything interesting over the Internet unless a human programmer builds it a robot body .
I have observed that someone ’s flinch - reaction to “ intelligence ” – the thought that crosses their mind in the first half - second after they hear the word “ intelligence ” – often determines their flinch - reaction to the Singularity .
Often they look up the keyword “ intelligence ” and retrieve the concept booksmarts – a mental image of the Grand Master chessplayer who ca n’t get a date , or a college professor who ca n’t survive outside academia .
“ It takes more than intelligence to succeed professionally , ” people say , as if charisma resided in the kidneys , rather than the brain .
“ Intelligence is no match for a gun , ” they say , as if guns had grown on trees .
“ Where will an Artificial Intelligence get money ? ” they ask , as if the first Homo sapiens had found dollar bills fluttering down from the sky , and used them at convenience stores already in the forest .
The human species was not born into a market economy .
Bees wo n’t sell you honey if you offer them an electronic funds transfer .
The human species imagined money into existence , and it exists – for us , not mice or wasps – because we go on believing in it .
I keep trying to explain to people that the archetype of intelligence is not Dustin Hoffman in The Rain Man , it is a human being , period .
It is squishy things that explode in a vacuum , leaving footprints on their moon .
Within that grey wet lump is the power to search paths through the great web of causality , and find a road to the seemingly impossible – the power sometimes called creativity .
People – venture capitalists in particular – sometimes ask how , if the Machine Intelligence Research Institute successfully builds a true AI , the results will be commercialized .
This is what we call a framing problem .
Or maybe it ’s something deeper than a simple clash of assumptions .
With a bit of creative thinking , people can imagine how they would go about travelling to the Moon , or curing smallpox , or manufacturing computers .
To imagine a trick that could accomplish all these things at once seems downright impossible – even though such a power resides only a few centimeters behind their own eyes .
The gray wet thing still seems mysterious to the gray wet thing .
And so , because people can’t quite see how it would all work , the power of intelligence seems less real ; harder to imagine than a tower of fire sending a ship to Mars .
The prospect of visiting Mars captures the imagination .
But if one should promise a Mars visit , and also a grand unified theory of physics , and a proof of the Riemann Hypothesis , and a cure for obesity , and a cure for cancer , and a cure for aging , and a cure for stupidity – well , it just sounds wrong , that ’s all .
And well it should .
It ’s a serious failure of imagination to think that intelligence is good for so little .
Who could have imagined , ever so long ago , what minds would someday do ?
We may not even know what our real problems are .
But meanwhile , because it ’s hard to see how one process could have such diverse powers , it ’s hard to imagine that one fell swoop could solve even such prosaic problems as obesity and cancer and aging .
Well , one trick cured smallpox and built airplanes and cultivated wheat and tamed fire .
Our current science may not agree yet on how exactly the trick works , but it works anyway .
If you are temporarily ignorant about a phenomenon , that is a fact about your current state of mind , not a fact about the phenomenon .
A blank map does not correspond to a blank territory .
If one does not quite understand that power which put footprints on the Moon , nonetheless , the footprints are still there – real footprints , on a real Moon , put there by a real power .
If one were to understand deeply enough , one could create and shape that power .
Intelligence is as real as electricity .
It ’s merely far more powerful , far more dangerous , has far deeper implications for the unfolding story of life in the universe – and it ’s a tiny little bit harder to figure out how to build a generator .
Vertical farming
This guy 's vertical garden feeds his family and he even sells some produce .
It 's a variation on what JKE wrote about in the post on Keyhole gardens in Botswana .
Like the key hole gardens of Swaziland , this veggie patch serves a family on a tiny piece of land .
Finding land in rubbish
Now a local organic farming company , Green Dreams , has been documenting the progress of transforming a garbage dump to an organic farm on the Green Dreams blog .
They are working with a local youth group comprising reformed criminals in converting garbage into organic manure , and garbage dumps into organic farms .
Before the clean up and farming :
Clearing land of garbage .
Installing irrigation .
Irrigation taps the mains water and supplies nutrient rich feeds from organic fertilizer produced on the site from crops and worms .
Yes , they harvested local earthworms to start vermiculture .
Worm farm - just a tray with kitchen wastes feeds a bunch of earthworms that produce organic liquid manure .
Planting seedlings , cleared waste is bundled under shade cloth and planted with pumpkin to create a green soil erosion barrier .
Check out the planting implements , a PVC Pipe adapted to deliver seeds into a perfectly dug hole !
This was invented to help with the back - breaking work of planting .
Scarecrow .
Garbage dump transformed : this is the Kibera organic farm - three months after clearing the dump .
After three months the community of 30 families were harvesting , eating and selling organic produce .
Yum !
Impossible to ignore how a dirty dump turned green .
Everyone wants a farm in Kibera now .
This group is now selling their expertise to raise funds and help others .
There was a smouldering fire where banana leaves were being reduced to ash , then the ash dissolved in water and the brown murky astringent solution sold for Ksh 50 ( $ 0.80 cents ) per 250 ml in vodka bottles !
This is a bean tenderizer reducing the time to boil red kidney beans by 50 % !
Imagine the savings on charcoal / fuel .
Safe dispensing of fuel
Kerosene is dispensed from a caged petrol pump for security .
Notice that there was no protection around the farm or its equipment .
Apparently the reputation of these ‘ reformed criminals ' is enough of a deterrent .
Kids in Kibera
Life might be hard in Kibera but yet when you visit you can't ignore the vibrancy , colorfulness and camaradery amongst the inhabitants .
It was one time that I got the feeling that people here love life . "
About The Author
Antonio started Math Blog more than a decade ago .
He has a deep - rooted passion for mathematics and programming .
He is part of the Emerging Technologies team in the Analytics group at IBM , a team that focuses on data science and big data .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. authorities on Tuesday charged a policeman accused of torturing suspects with perjury and obstruction of justice for allegedly lying in a civil suit brought by one of the tortured men .
Former Chicago Police Lt. Jon Burge , 60 , whose activities were once called to the attention of the United Nations , was arrested at his home near Tampa , Florida .
He could face up to 45 years in prison if convicted of the three criminal counts .
Burge was acquitted of brutality in a Chicago trial 20 years ago , but was subsequently fired by the police department in 1993 .
He still receives a $ 30,000 annual police pension .
Special prosecutors appointed in 2002 documented more than 100 cases of brutality involving Burge and other police officers who worked on Chicago ’s South Side .
While prosecutors claimed several officers elicited confessions from mostly black suspects through torture , they said the statute of limitations had run out and no one was charged .
The suspects were beaten by mostly white detectives with telephone books , suffocated with plastic typewriter covers , burned with cigarettes , threatened with mock executions , and suffered electric shocks to their genitals .
“ There is no place for torture and abuse in a police station .
There is no place for perjury and false statements in federal lawsuits , ” U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said .
“ No person is above the law , and nobody -- even a suspected murderer -- is beneath its protection .
The alleged criminal conduct by defendant Burge goes to the core principles of our criminal justice system . ”
In a federal indictment , Burge was accused of lying about his knowledge of the torture in a 2003 deposition for a civil suit brought by Madison Hobley .
The torture allegations led former Illinois Gov. George Ryan to pardon four men , including Hobley , who confessed to murder after being tortured .
Ryan also cleared the state ’s death row because of a pattern of faulty prosecutions .
While he was a Illinois state legislator , Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama helped pass a state law requiring videotaping of police interrogations .
Victims ’ attorneys presented information about the brutality case to a United Nations commission on human rights in 2005 , which called on the U.S. government to investigate .
Text size
AMERICAN FINANCE HAS BEEN RESHAPED not by design but crisis .
Just a week after the Treasury effectively nationalized Fannie Mae ( ticker : FNM ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE ) , virtually all U.S. financial institutions are being placed under government protection -- and eventually regulation -- most likely by the Federal Reserve .
In a virtual flash , two of Wall Street 's most storied names -- Merrill Lynch ( MER ) and Lehman Brothers ( LEH ) -- are likely to disappear , following the likes of Salomon Brothers , Kidder Peabody and , most recently , Bear Stearns .
The Fed , for its part , has further expanded its role as the backstop of the nation's , and indeed the world 's financial system , by yet again liberalizing the collateral it will accept for loans .
Meanwhile , the Fed also implicitly drew a line that it would no longer provide a direct bailout of the likes given to underwrite the rescue of Bear Stearns by JPMorgan Chase ( JPM ) , leading to a likely bankruptcy filing for Lehman .
Meanwhile , banks such as Bank of America ( BAC ) and JPMorgan Chase appear to be the new paradigm , combining commercial and investment banking under one roof .
With the reported acquisition of Merrill by BofA , there will be an American financial colossus along with lines of Deutsche Bank or Credit Suisse , even more than the combination of JPMorgan with Bear .
Indeed , this new model essentially vindicates the vision -- if not the execution -- of Citigroup ( C ) as assembled by Sandy Weill .
And it calls into question if the remaining healthy Wall Street majors -- Goldman Sachs ( GS ) and Morgan Stanley -- will be able to overcome the competitive disadvantage of not having a banking network to support it .
Further , recalling Wall Street 's lifeline to Long - Term Capital Markets in 1998 , a consortium of banks established a $ 70 billion fund to provide liquidity to distressed borrowers .
Indeed , the plan recalls when J. P. Morgan , the man whose name the bank bears , forced the major bankers of the day to come up with a plan to halt the panic of 1907 .
The senior Morgan would well recognize the structure of the financial world that may emerge , in which commercial banks will likely form the basis of major financial institutions .
Banks offer a stable source of funds in their vast supply of deposits from millions of customers .
That will be vital as institutions take assets back onto their balance sheets .
Out goes the model of " originate and distribute , " in which loans would be made , then sold to Wall Street , which sliced and diced them in indecipherable ways , and then sold them as securities , with each getting a cut along the way and none having a particular stake in the soundness of the asset .
There is likely to be at least a partial return to the old - fashioned notion of a bank making a loan and retaining at least some part on its balance sheet so it has some stake in its ultimate repayment .
To fund the originate - and - distribute business , only a sliver of capital was needed .
The wholesale money markets provided the working capital -- the money in the till the company needs for its operations .
That money was readily available at low cost , and cheap money makes all sorts of dodgy operations work .
That 's no longer available from the interbank , repurchase agreement and commercial paper markets .
As a result , banks -- including the Wall Street variety -- find that the stable base of deposits -- with the backing of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. -- are a preferable base on which to build a business .
That 's especially the case with the move toward " re-intermediation , " which in essence means putting loans back on banks ' balance sheet instead of selling them off for a fee .
But the elder Morgan would scarcely recognize a central bank acting as lender of last resort for the entire financial sector , banks , investment firms , and possibly insurance companies .
At this writing , American Investment Group ( AIG ) reportedly was seeking a loan from the Fed after talks for a capital infusion broke down .
Morgan would , however , recognize the winner - take - all financial structure that emerged in recent years as Wall Street firms and privateers such as hedge funds could make hundreds of billions largely by the use of leverage .
Yet , the prospect of the failure of one such aggressive player , Lehman , looks to shake the world 's markets .
But it does not seem to pose the risk of a global meltdown , as seemed possible when Bear Stearns was about to fail last March .
That might have been the Hurricane Katrina for the markets , had the Fed not stepped in .
Lehman may be more like the recent Hurricane Gustave , in which government agencies prepared for the worst and , thankfully , avoided that .
The worst would have been the impact of a Bear bankruptcy on the derivatives market , where it was a counterparty to billions of dollars ' worth of contracts , along with JPMorgan , its eventual acquirer .
Over the past weekend , Wall Street reportedly was working feverishly to match firms ' exposure to Lehman ; typically , they would have bought and sold billions of contracts with the firm , and they sought to match up purchases and sales to reduce their net exposure .
Nevertheless , there are certain to be significant stresses in the credit and derivative markets as participants work out their exposure to both Lehman and AIG , both major players in those sectors .
Asian markets are down sharply in early Monday trading while U.S. Treasury yields are also markedly lower .
But the moves , though relatively large , are not out of line of what 's been seen recently .
In other words , more of the same , at least so far .
" Give me a lever long enough , and a prop strong enough , I can single - handed move the world , " Archimedes said .
Wall Street found it could construct a lever nearly infinitely long .
But it ultimately lacked a prop -- that is , capital -- sufficiently strong .
As a result , it finds itself turning to the government and the Fed to support it .
Regulators are providing a prop , and preventing a collapse .
But that will mean a far different world , and one less easily moved by leverage or those who manipulate it .
Comments : randall.forsyth@barrons.com
When all ten members of the 9/11 Commission meet for the first time , in an informal setting , some of them are already unhappy about the way the commission is being run .
Some of the Democratic members are unhappy about the selection of Republican Philip Zelikow as executive director ( see Shortly Before January 27 , 2003 ) , a decision made solely by chairman Tom Kean and vice chairman Lee Hamilton .
Commissioner Richard Ben-Veniste will say Zelikow ’s appointment was “ presented as a fait accompli . ”
Ben-Veniste is also alarmed by Zelikow ’s links to National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice ( see 1995 and January 3 , 2001 ) , and he and fellow commissioner Max Cleland are upset about the proposed staff structure ( see Around February 2003 ) .
There is to be a single staff led by Zelikow , and the commissioners will not have personal staffers , although this is usual on such commissions .
Ben -Veniste proposes that each commissioner develop an expertise in a specific field , but this plan is blocked by Kean , Hamilton , and Zelikow .
Kean and Hamilton also say that the commissioners can visit the commission ’s offices , but cannot have a permanent presence there .
Indeed , not even Kean and Hamilton will have an office in the commission ’s building .
Author Philip Shenon will comment : “ To Ben-Veniste , the way the staff was being organized guaranteed that the commissioners ’ involvement in the details of the investigation would be limited .
It centralized control in Zelikow ’s hands . ” [ Shenon , 2008 , pp. 69 -70 ]
9/11 Commission Executive Director Philip Zelikow and Ernest May , a long - time associate of Zelikow and consultant to the commission , complete an outline of the commission ’s final report , although the commission has barely began its work and will not report for another 16 months .
The outline is detailed and contains chapter headings , subheadings , and sub-subheadings .
The outline anticipates a 16 - chapter report ( note : the final report only has 13 ) that starts with a history of al - Qaeda and Osama bin Laden ’s 1998 fatwa against the US .
There will then be chapters on US counterterrorism policy , threat reporting leading up to 9/11 , and the attacks themselves will be in chapter seven ( in the final report , the day of 9/11 chapter is moved to the start ) .
" Blinding Effects of Hindsight " - Zelikow and May even have a chapter ten entitled “ Problems of Foresight — And Hindsight , ” with a sub- chapter on “ the blinding effects of hindsight , ” ( actually chapter 11 in the final report , slightly renamed “ Foresight — And Hindsight ; ” the “ blinding effects ” sub -heading does not appear in the final version , but the chapter starts with a meditation on the value of hindsight ) .
Kept Secret - Zelikow shows the report to Commission Chairman Tom Kean and Vice - chairman Lee Hamilton and they like it , but think it could be seen as evidence that they have pre-determined the outcome .
Therefore , they all decide it should be kept secret from the commission ’s staff .
According to May it is “ treated as if it were the most classified document the commission possessed . ”
Zelikow comes up with his own internal classification system , labeling it “ Commission Sensitive , ” a phrase that appears on the top and bottom of each page .
Staff Alarmed -
When the staff find out about it and are given copies over a year later , they are alarmed .
They realize that the sections of the report about the Bush administration ’s failings will be in the middle of the report , and the reader will have to wade past chapters on al - Qaeda ’s history to get to them .
Author Philip Shenon will comment : “ Many assumed the worst when they saw that Zelikow had proposed a portion of the report entitled ‘ The Blinding Effects of Hindsight . ’
What ‘ blinding hindsight ’ ?
They assumed Zelikow was trying to dismiss the value of hindsight regarding the Bush administration ’s pre-9/11 performance . ”
In addition , some staffers begin circulating a parody entitled “ The Warren Commission Report — Preemptive Outline . ”
One of the parody ’s chapter headings is “ Single Bullet : We Have n’t Seen the Evidence Yet .
But Really .
We ’re Sure . ” [ 9/11 Commission , 7/24/2004 ; Shenon , 2008 , pp. 388-389 ]
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
September 3 , 2008
According to UPI editor at large , Arnaud de Borchgrave , Georgia miscalculated in its attack on South Ossetia — and bad .
“ NATO guarantees that an attack against one member country is an attack against all are no longer what they used to be .
Had Georgia been inside NATO , a number of European countries would no longer be willing to consider it an attack against their own soil , ” writes de Borchgrave .
In other words , a lot of people in Europe see the insanity of going up against Russia with its nukes only minutes away from Brussels , Paris , Berlin , etc. Georgia , with its tie -eating leader and deranged ethnic nationalism , simply was not worth it .
For Russia , the geopolitical stars were in perfect alignment .
The United States was badly overstretched and had no plausible way to talk tough without coming across as empty rhetoric .
American resources have been drained by the Iraq and Afghan wars , and the war on terror .
As Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov put it , Washington must now choose between its “ pet project ” Georgia and a partnership with Moscow .
Not likely if the neocons , under John McCain , reign supreme come November .
Of course , Obama and crew are just as anti-Russian as the neocons , some would say — with the participation of Zbigniew Brzezinski — even more so .
Chances are the U.S. will push its “ pet project ” to the limit , no matter the guy sitting in the White House .
It remains to be seen if this game includes nuclear war .
Georgia also had a special relationship with Israel that was mostly under the radar .
Georgian Defense Minister Davit Kezerashvili is a former Israeli who moved things along by facilitating Israeli arms sales with U.S. aid .
“ We are now in a fight against the great Russia , ” he was quoted as saying , “ and our hope is to receive assistance from the White House because Georgia cannot survive on its own . ”
No telling what kind of drugs Kezerashvili is on .
Did he really expect the U.S. to come to the rescue , kill Russians , and possibly kick off a thermonuclear war ?
Neocons may talk the talk but are short of the target when it comes to taking decisive action .
No doubt somebody in the Pentagon is standing on the brakes — for the moment .
It seems the Israelis had ulterior motives and these were dashed when America did not send in the calvary .
“ In a secret agreement between Israel and Georgia , two military airfields in southern Georgia had been earmarked for the use of Israeli fighter - bombers in the event of pre-emptive attacks against Iranian nuclear installations .
This would sharply reduce the distance Israeli fighter - bombers would have to fly to hit targets in Iran .
And to reach Georgian airstrips , the Israeli air force would fly over Turkey , ” explains Arnaud de Borchgrave .
The attack ordered by Saakashvili against South Ossetia the night of Aug. 7 provided the Russians the pretext for Moscow to order Special Forces to raid these Israeli facilities where some Israeli drones were reported captured .
At a Moscow news conference , Gen. Anatoly Nogovitsyn , Russia ’s deputy chief of staff , said the extent of Israeli aid to Georgia included “ eight types of military vehicles , explosives , landmines and special explosives for clearing minefields . ”
Estimated numbers of Israeli trainers attached to the Georgian army range from 100 to 1,000 .
There were also 110 U.S. military personnel on training assignments in Georgia .
Last July 2,000 U.S. troops were flown in for “ Immediate Response 2008 , ” a joint exercise with Georgian forces .
Georgia whined about Israel ’s lack of response and the Georgians were told : “ the address for that type of pressure is Washington . ”
But , according to Arnaud de Borchgrave , the U.S. was not up to the job .
The U.S. was “ handicapped by a shortage of spy - in - the - sky satellite capability , already overextended by the Iraq and Afghan wars .
Neither U.S. nor Georgian intelligence knew Russian forces were ready with an immediate and massive response to the Georgian attack Moscow knew was coming .
Russian double agents ostensibly working for Georgia most probably egged on the military fantasies of the impetuous Saakashvili ’s ‘ surprise attack ’ plans . ”
It ’s almost comical , Saakashvili ’s naivety :
Saakashvili was convinced that by sending 2,000 of his soldiers to serve in Iraq ( who were immediately flown home by the United States when Russia launched a massive counterattack into Georgia ) , he would be rewarded for his loyalty .
He could not believe President Bush , a personal friend , would leave him in the lurch .
Georgia , as Saakashvili saw his country ’s role , was the “ Israel of the Caucasus . ”
Right .
And another tie is on the menu , Mikheil .
Saakashvili is too deluded to realize the U.S. only rewards its clients when absolutely necessary .
Israel and the U.S. do n’t care about Saakashvili and the Georgian people .
For Israel , Georgia is just a pawn in the larger war against Iran and the Muslims , while the U.S. only cares about Georgia as it relates to the geopolitical boardgame against Russia , an arch enemy of the neocons , along with China and anybody else who might challenge their demented vision of worldwide hegemony .
Pity poor Saakashvili .
One day he will likely experience the wrath of his own people , sort of the same way the people of Romania vented their wrath on Nicolae Ceauşescu , who was taken out and shot .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
In response to regulatory pressure , Google has announced a new data retention policy that reduces the duration that user IP addresses are stored in the company 's logs .
Google claims that IP addresses are now anonymized after nine months instead of 18 months .
Google 's data retention policies have been a topic of significant contention .
The company has faced enormous pressure from the European Commission 's Article 29 workgroup , which is tasked with monitoring data protection issues .
Google decided to implement the 18 - month cycle for IP anonymization last year after receiving criticism from EU officials .
Google 's latest move to cut the retention period to 9 months appears to be similarly motivated .
If it was , it appears to have been a step in the right direction for EU officials .
EU Justice Commissioner Jacques Barrot told Reuters that the nine - month policy was " a good step in the right direction " even though it falls short of the EU 's recommended retention period of six months .
Google also submitted to the Article 29 working group an open letter which explains in detail the reasons why Google believes that log data needs to be retained .
According to Google , the logs are used to combat click fraud and search poisoning , to improve the overall quality of search results , and to detect abusive exploitation of search results .
One example that Google cites is the recent Santy search worm , which used search queries to locate vulnerable targets .
Google used the logs to identify Santy attack patterns and then implemented a filter to block them .
Google also discusses the privacy implications of ad - supported services relative to conventional commercial services .
Google acknowledges that it uses the log data to provide contextually relevant advertisements in order to make its service financially sustainable .
The company contends that this business model is offers a higher level of protection for consumer privacy than a conventional subscription - based business model .
" Google 's search business is offered to the public for free , and is thus inherently superior from a privacy perspective to paid services because it does not require users ' real names , billing addresses , credit card numbers or mandatory tax and accounting records , " Google wrote in its letter to the Article 29 working group .
" To support this free service , Google primarily relies on being able to serve relevant advertising to its users . "
Although Google touts its plans for log anonymization as a major win for consumer privacy , some critics — such as security researcher Chris Soghoian — believe that Google 's anonymization practices are inadequate and that the company 's public statements are misleading .
We asked Google to explain how they anonymize the logs and got a response explaining that the exact method has n't been determined yet , but that it will probably involve randomizing a few bits of the IP .
" We are still working on figuring out the anonymization algorithm we will use .
After nine months , we will likely change some of the bits in the IP address in the logs ( we have not yet determined how many ) ; after 18 months we remove the last eight bits in the IP address and change the cookie information , " a Google spokesperson told Ars .
" We have focused on IP addresses , because we recognize that users cannot control IP addresses in logs .
On the other hand , users can control their cookies .
When a user clears cookies , s/he will effectively break any link between the cleared cookie and our raw IP logs once those logs hit the 9 - month anonymization point .
Moreover , we are continuing to focus on ways to help users exert better controls over their cookies . "
Soghoian argues that removing the last eight bits does n't provide adequate protection .
As he points out , each truncated IP value in the database after 18 months would be associated with queries from a theoretical maximum of 255 users .
Although Google 's approach would effectively make it impossible to detect the actual IP address behind individual queries , anyone with access to the data could still potentially use patterns in the queries associated with groups of IP addresses to ascertain the likely identity of the user behind a portion of them , in much the same way that attackers were able to do so with the search data that was accidentally leaked by AOL in 2006 .
Google may have deflected regulatory smack - down in the short - term , but it 's privacy practices are still not up to the same standards as its competitors .
Microsoft , for instance , removes the entire IP address and all other identifiers after 18 months and Ask.com launched a new feature last year that allows users to search anonymously .
All the News You Need
CNS provides a wide variety of news , information , opinion and texts to assist you in covering the church for your readers , viewers and listeners .
We provide news from the U.S. , Rome and around the world in both English and Spanish , in both written coverage and video reporting .
Enlarge By Todd Plitt for USA TODAY Thomas Malinowski , 48 , who lived on New York 's streets for 13 years , sits on his cot in the " Safe Haven " shelter in Manhattan on January 21 , 2007 .
FORECLOSURES INCREASING FORECLOSURES
INCREASING
A surge in families seeking housing aid or shelter has followed rising home foreclosures nationwide .
Foreclosures Jan.- Aug .
2006 : 801,354 2007 : 1,341,295 2008 : 2,049,782 Source : RealtyTrac
More families with children are becoming homeless as they face mounting economic pressures , including mortgage foreclosures , according to a USA TODAY survey of a dozen of the largest cities in the nation .
Local authorities say the number of families seeking help has risen in Atlanta , Boston , Denver , Minneapolis , New York , Phoenix , Portland , Seattle and Washington .
" Everywhere I go , I hear there is an increase " in the need for housing aid , especially for families , says Philip Mangano , executive director of the U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness , which coordinates federal programs .
He says the main causes are job losses and foreclosures .
Other factors have been higher food and fuel prices hitting families with " no cushion , " says Nan Roman of the National Alliance to End Homelessness .
Many mayors have 10 - year plans to end homelessness and had reported progress until this year .
The most recent official count , in January 2007 , found 671,888 people living on U.S. streets or in shelters , down 12 % from January 2005 .
" We saw family homelessness began to increase last winter , " says Sally Erickson , Portland 's homeless program manager .
" There 's definitely a spike in the last six months . "
The number of requests for emergency shelter doubled from fiscal year 2007 to fiscal 2008 , which ended in June .
Darlene Newsom , who runs United Methodist Outreach Ministries ' New Day Centers , which provide shelter programs for families in Phoenix , says the number of requests is " alarming . "
She says families who never sought help before are calling .
Los Angeles says it has no 2008 data .
Miami reports no major change .
Chicago has not had a surge in requests , but more come from renters evicted because of landlords ' foreclosure , says Nancy Radner of the Chicago Alliance to End Homelessness .
USA TODAY found : • In New York City , 2,747 families applied for shelter in September 2008 , up from 2,087 in September 2007 .
•
In Hennepin County , including Minneapolis , 880 families were in shelters from January through August 2008 , up from 698 in that period last year .
At least 10 % this year came from foreclosed properties where most had been renters , says Cathy ten Broeke , county coordinator to end homelessness .
Dennis Culhane , a University of Pennsylvania professor of social policy , expects foreclosures to cause a " big increase " in homeless families .
Mangano says a new federal law gives communities $ 3.9 billion to buy foreclosed properties or provide services to the homeless .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I ’ll leave the point - by - point rebuttal of Sarah Palin ’s convention speech to the policy wonks .
The only point I am interested in making at the moment is that Sarah Palin can wrap her juicy moose - eating lips right around my dick and suck it raw .
This is not a personal attack on her .
Not at all .
I am just pointing out that Sarah Palin can put best put her two years of gubernatorial experience to use by taking my turgid cock into her mouth until I shoot semen into her Great White North .
Sarah Palin is a reformer .
And as a reformer , I suggest the first thing that she does when she gets to Washington is to get down on her knees and blow me .
Why ?
Because that would represent real change in America .
She has shown such fortitude and resolve when dealing with the powerful special interests and media elites that deep - throating me should be no problem at all .
This is a woman who can handle anything : she can drive all five kids to hockey practice , snowmobile over Mt. Everest , teach creationism to the PTA and still have time to skin a non-endangered polar bear .
With all that on her plate , a little dick sucking should be a piece of cake .
And lest any of you think this post is sexist , it ’s not .
Because Rudy Giuliani , Mitt Romney , and Fred Thompson can suck my dick , too .
I do n’t want John McCain to .
In the past on Particletree , we ’ve shared some of our favorite resources and guides for helping the color challenged and uninspired get their chromatic deliciousness on .
As a designer , getting to choose the colors is often the part of the job I like the best .
However , there are times when it ’s nice to be able to write some code to help make some of the decisions for you .
One of my favorite implementations of using programming to supplement the color picking process was done by the clever Canadians over at Dabble DB .
All you have to do is upload your logo and their application will automatically pick the colors based on the information contained in the image and create a theme for their web app that will match the logo .
It ’s an impressive feature that helps the user focus on getting things done rather than worry over the details .
While I wo n’t be going into all of the ideas they used to implement their feature in this article , I do want to take some time to talk about how you can get a legible contrasting foreground color for a piece of text when given a specific background color .
When we were working on the Wufoo Form Gallery , I wanted a way to represent the pre-made color palette themes in a concise format without having to go through the laborious process of making a screenshot for each one .
After a lot of trial and error , the following format is what we came up with for the gallery to represent themes :
The problem that we ran into after coming up with a structure that we liked , was that the text inside each color swatch needed to have some sort of logic applied to it so that it would show legibly regardless of whether it was a dark swatch or a light swatch behind it .
This is when we turned to color theory to help us out .
According to the W3C , when you ’re evaluating your web site for accessibility , you should ensure that foreground and background color combinations provide sufficient contrast when viewed by someone having color deficits or when viewed on a black and white screen .
How does one know if two colors will provide sufficient contrast ?
Well , the W3C , being the fastidious folks that they are , provide the following definition and formulas to make what seems subjective very quantifiable :
Two colors provide good color visibility if the brightness difference and the color difference between the two colors are greater than a set range .
Color brightness is determined by the following formula :
( ( Red value X 299 ) + ( Green value X 587 ) + ( Blue value X 114 ) ) / 1000 Color difference is determined by the following formula :
( max ( Red 1 , Red 2 ) - min ( Red 1 , Red 2 ) ) + ( max ( Green 1 , Green 2 ) - min ( Green 1 , Green 2 ) ) + ( max ( Blue 1 , Blue 2 ) - min ( Blue 1 , Blue 2 ) ) Techniques For Accessibility Evaluation And Repair Tools
And so , if you ’ve got two colors and their color brightness difference is greater than 125 and the color difference is greater than 500 , you ’re in the clear .
Unfortunately , the formulas are only a starting point .
They can evaluate whether your colors are made to be together , but they ca n’t actually decide your colors .
Thankfully , the Internet is filled with a number of wonderful people that have tackled the problem head on .
One of our favorite solutions we looked at was created by Patrick Fitzgerald over at BarelyFitz Designs .
His CSS Color Class allows you to refer to colors using abstract names like base and highlight , automatically generate color gradients from a single base color and also adjust the contrast of foreground colors so they can be legibly seen on top of background colors .
While the CSS Colors Class is great and comes highly recommended by us ( we ’ve been able to do some pretty neat experimental stuff with it that we ’ll hopefully use in the future ) , we thought for our purposes in the gallery , it was a bit too much overhead .
Eventually , we ended up creating our own Smarty Modifier plugin based on code we found in the PHP documentation on the hexdec function — boy , do we love that community .
Here ’s the code we came up with , which can be easily be rewritten if you do n’t use Smarty in your development environment .
function smarty_modifier_contrast( $ hexcolor , $ dark = ' # 000000 ' , $ light = ' # FFFFFF ' ) { return ( hexdec ( $hexcolor ) > 0 xffffff /2 ) ?
$ dark : $ light ; }
It ’s very simple and very lightweight , which was exactly what we were looking for in a solution for the problem .
The way the code works is that given a hex color like #FFFFFF or #CCCCCC , it will return either the hex for black or white depending on what ’s appropriate .
You can also pass in variables for $ dark and $ light in case you want the function to return colors other than black and white .
In our Smarty template , we call it in our markup structure like so :
< span class = " palette " > < var class= " w " style= " background-color:{$bgHtmlColor} ; color :{$ bgHtmlColor|contrast} " > W < / var > < var class= " l " style= " background-color:{$bgLogoColor} ; color :{$ bgLogoColor|contrast} " > L< / var > < var class= " i " style= " background:{$bgInstructColor} ; color : {$ ftInstructColor} " > I < / var > < var class= " f " style= " background :{$bgFormColor} ; color : {$ ftFieldTitleColor} " >F< / var > < var class= " h " style= " background :{$bgHighlightColor} ; color :{$ftFieldTitleColor} " >H</var > </ span >
Notice that the code does n’t take those color difference and color brightness formulas into account .
Basically , it crudely ( yet kind of elegantly ) divides the RGB color spectrum into two halves and if the color you give it is on one side , it returns one value , otherwise , the other .
Here ’s a very rough visual approximation I mocked up to illustrate the concept :
And so while it ’s not perfect , in 99 % of cases , the function does what you need it to do without a lot of number crunching or programming overhead .
Here ’s an image showing off the function in action on a number of the themes we created in the gallery .
We ’ve even recently reused the functionality when we made some upgrades to our graphing system in Wufoo .
Now , our graphs automatically determine and use the appropriate color for the grid lines based on the background color a user has selected from their themes .
This way , the graphs are easy to read and follow even on a dark theme palette .
It ’s a small detail that we think makes a lot of difference in an application .
If you want perfect contrast , then obviously CSS Colors is the way to go for you , but for us we ’ve been really happy with the results .
2022 Volkswagen Taos Is a Small SUV With a Turbo Twist
SUVs are to automakers as shoes or power tools are for the rest of us ; you can never have too many .
So here we have Volkswagen adding to its lineup with its latest model , the 2022 Taos .
It 's an extra - small SUV hiding a big secret : a turbocharged engine the company hopes will top the efficiency charts .
to spiral :w :a :x :c :ww if :c = 0 [ stop ] penwidth :ww color [ 255 -: w*2 0 : w * 2 ] lt :x fw :w pu bw :w rt :x fw :w pd rt :a spiral :w +1 :a :x+0.7 :c -1 :ww + 0.1 end reset spiral 1 30 10 90 1
The point of this is to explain some basic strategy and why the people on the field do what they do .
I will be writing on more particular aspects of the game as football season progresses .
1. Downs : Attempts to march down the field and score points
Imagine you had 22 people to entertain , and all you had was a strange oblong - shaped ball and a 100 yard rectangular field .
You could set the ball down mid-field , and divide your 22 into 2 squads of 11 each , assigning them a half of the field .
You could then tell each team to fight for the ball , and take the ball however they like from each other but get it onto the extreme ( “ end zone ” is the football term ) of the other team ’s side for points .
Modern American football starts from that very simple setup , and gets extraordinarily complicated very fast because of its premium on violence .
If you just let the players play , they ’d kill each other .
The modern game involves people running 20 yards or more to hit each other full speed so as to get the other player to drop the ball ( a “ fumble , ” whereby any team can claim possession ) .
So what happens is that both strategies and rules have developed to stop play and make the most out of those stoppages .
The game occurs in moments , called “ downs , ” for the most part .
The ball is set at some place on the field ( “ the line of scrimmage ” ) and the side having possession ( “ offense ” ) lines up with the opposing defense lined up on the other side .
Typically the offense has to get the ball 10 yards down the field after it is snapped ( put in play ) by running or passing to get a set of more downs ; play stops when the ball carrier is down ( tackled by the other team ) or a forward pass has n’t been caught ( “ incomplete ” ) or he has caught it but run out of bounds or scored .
2 . Why does everyone line up in that funny way ?
Why ca n’t you just have 11 people line up randomly ?
OK .
We ’ve moved on to the question of strategy .
The modern game uses a very particular strategy for offense ; there are many other possibilities , but we ’re just going to stick to what happens usually .
A human wall ( every team fields at least 5 linemen ) is created , one member of the wall has the ball and “ snaps ” it on command to the quarterback ( QB ) unless the play says otherwise .
Everything on offense runs through the QB .
Why is this ?
Because he ’s the one member of the team surveying the field and seeing what the defense is doing .
Get the strategy ?
The idea is a human wall buys one guy on your team a little bit of time .
With that time , he may make a forward pass , and the QB is therefore outfitted with specialized members of the offense to get yards for downs .
He ’ll have wide receivers , players that do n’t line up with the linemen but line up closer to the sideline .
( A pattern exists called an “ out pattern ” where the wide receiver runs up the sideline then makes a sharp cut to get out of bounds ; the QB must deliver the ball to the receiver as he is approaching the sideline .
Typically that window of time and space is very narrow , but the play almost ca n’t be defended . )
He ’ll have running backs , who on some plays could be handed the ball and just run upfield , depending on the blocking and the defense , but coming out of the backfield as opposed to from nearer the sideline , give the defense more to fight with .
There are also players called “ tight ends ” who are almost a cross between a lineman and a receiver ; they can be left in a play to block or sent upfield to run a route and make a catch .
2a .
Why ca n’t every play be a running play ?
My dad used to wonder why a team ca n’t just have lots of very good , overpaid offensive linemen , and give the ball to any old running back , and just run every down .
The problem with this is obvious : all it takes is one guy coming free from the defense to blow up the play , and since one guy has to have the ball , 10 other linemen plus the one back means that you ’d be in a prime position to lose yardage every down .
That one guy unaccounted for is dangerous business .
2b . So how do teams get big running plays ?
Since modern offensive personnel , lined up however , is already a tactic – you do n’t know if they ’re going to run or pass , they ’re set up for both really – you set up plays where as they develop , linemen and tight ends and even wide receivers get multiple blocks in .
Part of this setup involves getting the referees to put the ball closer to one sideline than another .
Putting a receiver on that “ near ” sideline forces the defense to pay attention to that side of the field , even though it ’s narrow .
You could then fake a pass or run that side , and come back and run to the wider side of the field ; the linemen would get multiple blocks b/c they block to sell the fake , then block as the running back moved out to the wider side of the field .
3 . How is defense even possible ?
The fact you set up an offense that varied means a lot of things exist to throw you off in the first place …
Defense is possible because certain formations are more adept at doing things than others .
For example , if the offense comes in with lots of linemen and tight ends and one wide receiver , it ’s a safe bet they ’re running .
Furthermore , modern defensive personnel are very specialized themselves .
A QB has a lot of reading to before the snap , both on and off the field .
Typically a defense lines up 4 linemen , who attack right at the line of scrimmage , linebackers , who patrol the middle of the field or come in to hit the QB , and the “ secondary , ” quick fast guys who run with wide receivers or patrol closer to the end zone .
Usually , if your QB is your field general for the offense , a safety , a specialized member of the secondary , is your field general for the defense , since he sees everything going on in front of him .
To get an idea how effective most defenses are , I ’d say look at how many yards the average running play in the NFL goes for .
I think it ’s 3 yards , last I checked .
All a defense has to do is key in on you and hit you , even those the offense has what is called “ initiative ” and can dictate the tempo of the game .
Here ’s what I ’m thinking to illustrate the efficiency of modern defense : you always get 4 downs when you get the ball back .
If you ran three times you ’d pick up 9 yards , but not get a new set of downs .
You ’d be facing using your last down and you could be stuck on your side of the field .
4. Kicking
A large part of the modern game is field position .
It ’s a lot easier to go 40 yards than it is 80 .
So there are these things called “ special teams ” which come out every time field position is an issue .
A punting unit comes when an offense stalls midfield or in its own territory or is only shallowly in an opponent ’s territory .
The idea is to kick the ball away on 4th down and put the opposing offense in a bad spot .
There are also kickoff coverage units ; every time an opponent scores , a team receives the ball by having it kicked to it .
You obviously want to catch that ball and return it as far as possible .
Finally , there ’s kicking a field goal , which is when you stall in an opponent ’s territory but have someone talented on your team who can do this .
Touchdowns that reach the end zone are worth 6 ( with an extra kicked point , 7 , with a two - point conversion , 8 ) and a field goal is worth 3 .
Why does Joe Lieberman keep referring to himself as a Democrat ?
Probably because the Republican base is dumb enough to believe him .
UPDATE : John Amato : Lieberman attacked Obama so much that David Gergen said --- even though he knows Joe for forty years --- he was shocked by that , just shocked and Joe wo n't bring in many votes .
Donna Brazile bored me to death on her response to her former VP pick .
She said Joe had a little more energy this time around .
And of course Joe just loves Palin even though he probably just met Sarah and virtually has nothing in common with her .
You can't trust a word out of his mouth ...
Digby :
And what 's the first thing out of Wolf Blitzer 's mouth ?
" Anyone who knows Joe Lieberman , knows that he speaks from the heart . "
Sure he does --- he 's always been a pr*&k , even when he was a Democrat and he is even more of one today .
He is a perfect Republican --- hypocritical , bloodthirsty and completely full of shit .
Enjoy GOPers , he 's all yours .
God how I loathe and despise this sanctimonious jackass .
How dare he call himself a Democrat and presume to LECTURE and harangue us to vote for a rightwing nutcase for president .
Full transcript below the fold :
In these prepared remarks , Sen. Joseph Lieberman says he supports McCain because " country matters more than party " and McCain is the person to break through the partisan divide .
Thank you for that warm welcome .
I am honored to be here .
We meet tonight in the wake of a terrible storm that has hit the Gulf Coast but that hurts all of us , because we are all members of our larger American family .
At times like this , we set aside all that divides us , and we come together to help our fellow citizens in need .
What matters is certainly not whether we are Democrats or Republicans , but that we are all Americans .
The truth is , it should n't take a hurricane to bring us together like this .
Every day , across our country , millions of our fellow citizens are facing huge problems .
They are worried about their homes , their jobs , and their businesses ; they are worried about the outrageous cost of gas and of health insurance ; and they are worried about the threats from our enemies abroad .
But when they look to Washington , all too often they do not see their leaders coming together to tackle these problems .
Instead they see Democrats and Republicans fighting each other , rather than fighting for the American people .
Our Founding Fathers foresaw the danger of this kind of senseless partisanship .
George Washington himself — in his farewell address to our country — warned that the " spirit of party " is " the worst enemy " of our democracy and " enfeebles " our government 's ability to do its job .
George Washington was absolutely right .
The sad truth is — today we are living through his worst nightmare , in the capital city that bears his name .
And that brings me directly to why I am here tonight .
What , after all , is a Democrat like me doing at a Republican convention like this ?
The answer is simple .
I 'm here to support John McCain because country matters more than party .
I 'm here tonight because John McCain is the best choice to bring our country together and lead our country forward .
I 'm here because John McCain 's whole life testifies to a great truth : being a Democrat or a Republican is important .
But it is not more important than being an American .
Both presidential candidates this year talk about changing the culture of Washington , about breaking through the partisan gridlock and special interests that are poisoning our politics .
But only one of them has actually done it .
Only one leader has shown the courage and the capability to rise above the smallness of our politics to get big things done for our country and our people .
And that leader is John McCain .
John understands that it should n't take a natural disaster like Hurricane Gustav to get us to take off our partisan blinders and work together to get things done .
It should n't take a natural disaster to teach us that the American people do n't care much if you have an " R " or a " D " after your name .
What they care about is , are we solving the problems they are up against every day ?
What you can expect from John McCain as president is precisely what he has done this week : which is to put country first .
That is the code by which he has lived his entire life , and that is the code he will carry with him into the White House .
I have personally seen John , over and over again , bring people together from both parties to tackle our toughest problems we face — to reform our campaign finance , lobbying and ethics laws , to create the 9/11 Commission and pass its critical national security reforms , and to end the partisan paralysis over judicial confirmations .
My Democratic friends know all about John 's record of independence and accomplishment .
Maybe that 's why some of them are spending so much time and so much money trying to convince voters that John McCain is someone else .
I 'm here , as a Democrat myself , to tell you : Do n't be fooled .
God only made one John McCain , and he is his own man .
If John McCain was just another go - along partisan politician , he never would have taken on corrupt Republican lobbyists , or big corporations that were cheating the American people , or powerful colleagues in Congress who were wasting taxpayer money .
But he did .
If John McCain was just another go - along partisan politician , he never would have led the fight to fix our broken immigration system or to do something about global warming .
But he did .
As a matter of fact , if John McCain is just another partisan Republican , then I'm Michael Moore 's favorite Democrat .
And I 'm not .
Sen .
Obama is a gifted and eloquent young man who can do great things for our country in the years ahead .
But eloquence is no substitute for a record — not in these tough times .
In the Senate he has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done , nor has he been willing to take on powerful interest groups in the Democratic Party .
Contrast that to John McCain 's record , or the record of the last Democratic president , Bill Clinton , who stood up to some of those same Democratic interest groups and worked with Republicans to get important things done like welfare reform , free - trade agreements , and a balanced budget .
Gov. Sarah Palin , like John McCain , is a reformer who has taken on the special interests and reached across party lines .
She is a leader we can count on to help John shake up Washington .
That 's why the McCain - Palin ticket is the real ticket for change this year .
The Washington bureaucrats and power brokers can't build a pen strong enough to hold these two mavericks .
And together , you can count on John McCain and Sarah Palin to fight for America and to fight for you !
And that 's what our country needs most right now .
What we need most is not more party unity in America but more national unity .
Especially at a time of war , we need a president we can count on to fight for what 's right for our country — not only when it is easy , but when it is hard .
When others were silent , John McCain had the judgment to sound the alarm about the mistakes we were making in Iraq .
When others wanted to retreat in defeat from the field of battle , when Barack Obama was voting to cut off funding for our troops on the ground , John McCain had the courage to stand against the tide of public opinion and support the surge , and because of that , today , our troops are at last beginning to come home , not in failure , but in honor .
Before I conclude , I ask the indulgence of those in this hall tonight , as I want to speak directly to my fellow Democrats and independents who are watching .
I know many of you are angry and frustrated by our government and our politics and for good reason .
You may be thinking of voting for John McCain , but you 're not sure .
Some of you have never voted for a Republican before and in an ordinary election , you probably would n't .
But this is no ordinary election , because these are not ordinary times , and John McCain is no ordinary candidate .
You may not agree with John McCain on every issue .
But you can always count on him to be straight with you about where he stands , and to stand for what he thinks is right regardless of politics .
As president , you can count on John McCain to be a restless reformer , who will clean up Washington and get our government working again for you .
So tonight , I ask you whether you are an independent , a Reagan Democrat or a Clinton Democrat , or just a Democrat :
This year , when you vote for president , vote for the person you believe is best for the country , not for the party you happen to belong to .
Vote for the leader who , since the age of 17 , when he raised his hand and took an oath to defend and protect our Constitution , has always put our country first .
So , let 's come together to make a great American patriot our next great president .
DirectX 11 Details Emerge , Adds New Features to DX10 Hardware
Similar to DirectX 10 , the software will be available only on Windows Vista and future versions of Microsoft 's operating system .
DirectX 11 will add new compute shader technology that Microsoft says will allow GPUs to be used " for more than just 3D graphics , " allowing developers to utilize video cards as parallel processors .
DirectX 11 will support tessellation , a feature which can potentially assist developers in making models appear smoother when seen up close .
Multi - threaded resource handling is also incorporated , making it easier for games to utilize multi-core processors in a user 's machine .
Microsoft also disclosed that DirectX 11 will add features to existing DirectX 10 - compatible hardware , though it was not immediately clear what those features may be .
A launch date for the new software was not provided , though Microsoft is expected to release more information in the near future .
The bullet points , as provided by Microsoft , are listed below .
Stressed out ?
Feeling old ?
Holy Basil helps your immune system to help you !
Research recently presented at the British Pharmaceutical Conference found that holy basil extract was effective at searching for and eliminating harmful molecules and protecting against damage caused by free radicals in organs .
The researchers , led by Dr Vaibhav Shinde from Poona College of Pharmacy , Maharashtra , India , studied the herb for anti-oxidant and anti-ageing properties .
Dr Shinde said : “ The study validates the traditional use of herb as a youth - promoting substance in the Ayurvedic system of medicine .
It also helps describe how the herb acts at a cellular level . ”
Holy basil ( Ocimum sanctum ) , also known as Tulsi , is a native of India , and its extract used in Ayurvedic medicine as a rejuvenation drug , promoting a youthful state of health .
Tulsi is called the Queen of Herbs , and is considered an adaptogen , meaning it is effective in supporting the immune system while also relieving the body ’s negative reactions to stress .
Tulsi is traditionally grown in an earthenware pot in family homes and gardens in India , sometimes in its own structure and accompanied by pictures of dieties .
The plant is regarded as a consort of Vishnu and an avatar of Lakshmi .
Tulsi has been used to treat fevers and common colds , headaches , malaria , diabetes , stomach disorders , inflammation , heart disease , eye disorders , bronchitis , asthma , and arthritis .
Although the study refers to holy basil extract , drinking the tea daily can also help to reduce stress .
Organic India has a great line of organic holy basil teas in 18 different flavors , and tastes great hot or iced .
Many health food stores and food co-ops also have the herb available in bulk , letting you create your own blends .
Enjoy holy basil and lose the stress .
Related posts about herbal remedies :
Image : lakshmi.prabhala at Flickr under a Creative Commons License
I am going to draw on a couple of polls from the OpEdNews website for this piece .
One concerning whether or not the Second Amendment ( the right to keep and bear arms ) is relevant in today 's society .
The other is a poll by Tony Forest on whether or not individuals choose to exercise their Second Amendment rights .
In both polls , the issue of armed resistance of a tyrannical government was a frequent reason for supporting and exercising the right .
The conclusion I have drawn is the Second Amendment is still viewed as a keystone of the U.S. Constitution .
In the polls cited , the vast majority ( 82 % as of this submission ) viewed the Second Amendment as still relevant to our society by the readers .
While those who actively exercised the right and owned guns were fewer than those who supported the Second Amendment ( 58 % stated they own guns ) , very few actively argued against the individual right to keep and bear arms .
Clearly , support for the right to keep and bear arms is not a rightwing exclusive .
There is still a very real threat of the government disarming law - abiding U.S. citizens , even through supposedly innocuous laws like registration requirements that could lead to confiscation of lawfully owned weapons .
There are also laws that restrict the use of weapons , or weapons technology , that are otherwise available to individual soldiers in " militias . "
( No , we are not talking nukes or crew served weapons like howitzers . )
The net effect ensures citizens do not have the equivalent firepower of the government as the police become increasingly militarized .
Public police departments were not a part of our nation 's origins and did not appear until the mid-1800s .
Until the 1980s , police weaponry typically consisted of service revolvers with shotguns as backup weapons .
Today 's police are increasingly equipped with essentially the same weapons and technologies in use by the U.S. military as part of Special Weapons and Tactics ( SWAT ) units or teams .
These technologies include fully automatic rifles and pistols , body armor ( vests and helmets ) , militarized transportation ( armored vehicles and aircraft ) , and advanced surveillance equipment ( radar , thermal vision , night vision and communication interception – listening devices and electronic monitoring ) .
Even the " cop on the beat " now often carries a semi-automatic pistol with " high capacity " magazines ( capable of holding more than ten rounds , in California ) .
Why the change ?
Unfortunately the militarization of police is largely because of the War on Drugs ( and War on Crime ) starting with the Reagan Administration and expanded by each subsequent president .
click here
This has culminated ( to date ) with the Bush II administration 's " War on Terrorism " and the Patriot Act .
Three Republican and one Democratic administration , all permitting the transfer of military technology to civilian police in order to combat crime and ensure public safety .
. . and ultimately threatening personal liberty through the growing potential for government tyranny and a developing Police State .
The threat of a tyrannical government is not geographically isolated or a part of ancient history .
Hitler made use of , and extended , existing gun laws in Germany to prevent Jews and non-Nazi Germans from owning guns as a precaution to armed revolution against the Nazi regime .
Stalin disarmed Czarist Russians and slaughtered millions of unarmed dissidents .
Zimbabwe 's citizens today have been disarmed by their government and are pleading for guns to resist the genocide taking place there .
On our own soil we have seen the police state assault on the Branch Davidians in Waco .
We have also seen the New Orleans police seize weapons from law - abiding citizens while they tried to defend themselves from looters after Hurricane Katrina threw the city into chaos .
We watched on television while an armed government invaded an unarmed Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints sect in Texas in April of this year .
It has happened here ; it will happen again .
Can we afford to render the Second Amendment obsolete and completely disarm the private citizen ?
Our European cousins think us mad to continue to permit private gun ownership .
They also thought us mad to oppose British tyranny in American colonies some 230 years ago .
If we do away with the Second Amendment , or make it so restrictive through legislation as to be ineffective , we certainly would not be able to resort to armed resistance if deemed necessary .
Opponents of the Second Amendment use the argument that the Second Amendment 's original purpose was to provide arms to militias .
Although this need is already covered in Article 1 , Section 8 , of the Constitution , let 's pretend our Founding Fathers forgot the Congress could legislate funding for arms for the militias .
Let 's pretend they said , " Ooops !
Our militias need arms .
Well , let 's put in an amendment to the Constitution allowing the States or private citizens to buy their own weapons and keep them !
It 's been done before in England .
Citizens need guns for hunting too .
And we have n't invented police yet so they need guns for self defense . "
Using this logic , citizens who are a part of a militia ( in the beginning of our nation , any able - bodied male ) should be able to own any weapon carried by the individual soldier in the militia – read that as National Guard today .
Well that ability has certainly been restricted .
The Supreme Court of the United States ( SCOTUS ) ruled in DC v. Heller that the Second Amendment does ensure private ownership of guns as an individual right , but subject to reasonable regulation .
" The Second Amendment protects an individual right to possess a firearm unconnected with service in a militia , and to use that arm for traditionally lawful purposes , such as self - defense within the home . "
( Supreme Court Of The United States , Syllabus , District of Columbia Et Al. V. Heller , Certiorari To The United States Court Of Appeals For The District Of Columbia Circuit , No. 07–290 .
Argued March 18 , 2008 - Decided June 26 , 2008 . )
And " . . . when the able - bodied men of a nation are trained in arms and organized , they are better able to resist tyranny . "
But , " It is not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose . "
This was in deference to the 1939 SCOTUS decision in the U.S. v. Miller that ruled a sawed - off shotgun was not a typical weapon used by militias .
The private citizen can be limited to the type of weapon he / she can personally own and carry based on reasonable government regulation .
The " reasonable " restrictions were only partially defined in the ruling of DC v.
Heller such as : " Miller 's holding that the sorts of weapons protected are those ' in common use at the time ' finds support in the historical tradition of prohibiting the carrying of dangerous and unusual weapons . "
The SCOTUS tried to play Solomon and split the baby between the individual right to keep and bear arms of the Second Amendment and the right to public safety .
( Public safety is mentioned briefly in Article 1 , Section 9 , of the Constitution . )
Alan Dershowitz , clearly not a rightwing gun-nut , stated : " Foolish liberals who are trying to read the Second Amendment out of the Constitution by claiming it's not an individual right or that it's too much of a public safety hazard do n't see the danger in the big picture .
They 're courting disaster by encouraging others to use the same means to eliminate portions of the Constitution they do n't like . "
( " The Conceptual Foundations of Anglo - American Jurisprudence In Religion And Reason " , Dan Gifford , Tennessee Law Review Second Amendment Symposium , vol. 62 , no.
3 , 1995 : 759 . )
We need to maintain the Second Amendment as the final defense for the rest of the Constitution .
Would we offer up armed revolution if the need arises ?
I am not sure , but I am sure we could not if we abolish the Second Amendment .
It would likely take a very egregious series of events to cause ourselves ( myself included ) to take up arms to resist .
Let 's pray we never need to exercise our Second Amendment right to its fullest intent .
Before you think I am completely crazy , I am not advocating armed revolution today .
Allow me to make a sudden twist .
Perhaps we must rely on our First Amendment rights ( the pen is mightier than the sword ) to combat government abuses .
Perhaps the time has come for " we the people " to advance a 28th Amendment to protect all of our rights .
Something along the lines of :
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
NY Times :
The Dow Jones industrial average fell almost 450 points on Wednesday as one of the most stunning government bailouts in American history failed to stem the runaway fears engulfing the global financial system .
Conservatives tell individuals to pick yourself up off the floor and do something with your life you welfare queen .
Well , when it happens to Wall Street --- the corporations come begging to us and get bailed out .
This is all very complicated stuff , but it proves the fallacy of conservatism .
There are times when the government should step in , but for conservatives that should never happen for the average worker .
Only rich fat cats like Carly Fiorina should ever be graced with help .
Atrios :
Comme nous vous l’annoncions dès ce midi , la riposte graduée a bien été torpillée par le Parlement européen ce mercredi 24 septembre avec l’adoption de l’amendement 138 au paquet télécom .
Dans un communiqué , l’eurodéputé français Guy Bono se félicite ainsi que le Parlement Européen ait voté l’amendement qu’il a co-signé avec Daniel Cohn - Bendit , « qui signe l’arrêt de la riposte graduée « .
« L’amendement qui a été approuvé à une très large majorité ( 573 pour , 74 contre ) , précise que les autorités de régulation nationale veillent à ce qu’aucune restriction à la liberté d’expression et d’information d’un citoyen ne soit prise sans décision préalable de l’autorité judiciaire « , explique le député européen socialiste .
« Cet amendement constitue une garantie afin que les dispositions du paquet télécom ne conduisent pas au transfert de missions de l’autorité judiciaire à des autorités administratives lors de la transposition par certains États membres malveillant dont la France , tout en prévoyant les exceptions nécessaires à la sécurité publique . »
Dans les faits , il va obliger le gouvernement à abandonner le projet de loi Création et Internet ou à considérablement le remodeler , ce qui n’est pas la moins bonne nouvelle possible pour Christine Albanel , qui semblait déjà mise au pied du mur .
« La meilleure chose qui pourrait arriver à Christine Albanel pour en sortir par la grande porte serait donc que soit voté mercredi au Parlement Européen l’amendement au Paquet Télécom qui doit interdire purement et simplement toute riposte graduée dans les pays membres de l’Union Européenne « , écrivons - nous lundi .
C’est fait .
« Aujourd ’hui l’Europe apparaît comme le dernier rempart contre les velléités liberticides de certains Etats membres « , s’enthousiasme Guy Bono , pour qui c’est aussi une victoire pour l’image que portent les citoyens sur l’Europe .
«
On ne joue pas comme ça avec les libertés individuelles .
Le gouvernement français doit revoir sa copie !«
Précisons toutefois que le texte n’est pas encore définitif , puisqu’il sera renvoyé au Conseil avant une seconde lecture au Parlement , au plus tôt au premier trimestre 2009 .
Toutefois avec une telle majorité écrasante , il faudrait un tsunami pour que l’amendement soit supprimé du texte final .
Crédit photo : la Quadrature du Net
90 % of Israeli Homes Solar Hot Water Equipped
July 7th , 2008 by Joshua S Hill
Last week I reported on a story that saw a new bill passed in Hawaii making it mandatory for every new home to have their hot water powered by solar panels .
Signed in to law by Governor Linda Lingle , the bill will require all single - family homes built starting 2010 to have a solar panel powering the hot water system .
However Hawaii is n’t the trend setters we may have first thought them to be .
Over at MetaEfficient.com , they have an article pointing to the fact that 90 % of Israeli homes already have solar water heaters .
It began in the early 1950 ’s when the Israeli government encountered a fuel supply shortage , and restricted the times when water could be heated .
In response , the people decided that they would start heating their own water using solar panels .
By 1983 , 60 % of the populated were using solar panels , and a law was eventually passed making what was already a common practice a law , regulating that all new houses be installed with a solar water heater .
Following in Israel ’s step though , is Spain , who towards the end of 2004 saw their Industry Minister Jose Montilla , announce that starting the following year anyone who intended to build a new home would have to include solar panels in their plans .
Already Spain is the fourth largest manufacturer of solar power technology , exporting 80 % of this to Germany .
A country with more sunshine available than any other European country ( try and work out how they figured that one ) , the Spanish government is committed to ensuring 12 % of their primary energy is from renewable energy sources like solar by 2010 .
For those wanting to see this in action , but do n’t have the money to travel to Spain or Israel or even Hawaii , there are some simple tools to use from your own computer .
A jump on to Google Earth will reveal a multitude of blurry out of focus shining squares on the tops of Jerusalem ’s houses .
And a visit to Flickr and searching for Jerusalem or Spain plus solar power , will reveal a veritable mass of photos showing solar panels atop houses .
In this way , from the smaller states and countries , let ’s hope that in time , larger countries will follow .
credit : maryatexitzero at Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Related Stories
Solar Water Heaters Soon to be Part of the Hawaiian Landscape
Hawaii Law Requires All New Homes Install Solar Hot Water Heaters
4 Things to Consider Before Going Solar
Clean Energy Intro : Top 10 Alternative Solar Uses
Water Heaters Get Energy Star Status and Reduce Bills , Emissions
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Honestly it 's just sad now .
Sarah Palin looks genuinely upset that everyone mocked her for saying she has foreign policy experience because of her state 's proximity to Russia .
Asked to explain what sort of foreign policy experience that proximity lends her , she says her state is very close to Russia .
Katie Couric just smiles politely .
The new exclusive clip from the CBS interview with America 's Saddest Joke is attached below .
Click to view
Watch CBS Videos Online John McCain should be ashamed of himself .
Just three months ago , the WebKit team announced Squirrel Fish , a major revamp of our JavaScript engine featuring a high - performance bytecode interpreter .
Today we ’d like to announce the next generation of our JavaScript engine – Squirrel Fish Extreme ( or SFX for short ) .
SquirrelFish Extreme uses more advanced techniques , including fast native code generation , to deliver even more JavaScript performance .
For those of you who follow WebKit development and are interested in contributing , we ’d like to report our results and what we did to achieve them .
How Fast is It ?
This chart shows WebKit ’s JavaScript performance in different versions – bigger bars are better .
The metric is SunSpider runs per minute .
We present charts this way because “ bigger is better ” is easier to follow when you have a wide range of performance results .
As you can see , Squirrel Fish Extreme as of today is more than twice as fast as the original Squirrel Fish , and over 10 times the speed you saw in Safari 3.0 , less than a year ago .
We are pretty pleased with this improvement , but we believe there is more performance still to come .
Quite a few people contributed to these results .
I will mention a few who worked on some key tasks , but I ’d also like to thank all of the many WebKit contributors who have helped with JavaScript and performance .
What makes it so fast ?
SquirrelFish Extreme uses four different technologies to deliver much better performance than the original Squirrel Fish : bytecode optimizations , polymorphic inline caching , a lightweight “ context threaded ” JIT compiler , and a new regular expression engine that uses our JIT infrastructure .
1. Bytecode Optimizations
When we first announced Squirrel Fish , we mentioned that we thought that the basic design had lots of room for improvement from optimizations at the bytecode level .
Thanks to hard work by Oliver Hunt , Geoff Garen , Cameron Zwarich , myself and others , we implemented lots of effective optimizations at the bytecode level .
One of the things we did was to optimize within opcodes .
Many JavaScript operations are highly polymorphic – they have different behavior in lots of different cases .
Just by checking for the most common and fastest cases first , you can speed up JavaScript programs quite a bit .
In addition , we ’ve improved the bytecode instruction set , and built optimizations that take advantage of these improvements .
We ’ve added combo instructions , peephole optimizations , faster handling of constants and some specialized opcodes for common cases of general operations .
2. Polymorphic Inline Cache
One of our most exciting new optimizations in Squirrel Fish Extreme is a polymorphic inline cache .
This is an old technique originally developed for the Self language , which other JavaScript engines have used to good effect .
Here is the basic idea : JavaScript is an incredibly dynamic language by design .
But in most programs , many objects are actually used in a way that resembles more structured object - oriented classes .
For example , many JavaScript libraries are designed to use objects with “ x ” and “ y ” properties , and only those properties , to represent points .
We can use this knowledge to optimize the case where many objects have the same underlying structure – as people in the dynamic language community say , “ you can cheat as long as you do n’t get caught ” .
So how exactly do we cheat ?
We detect when objects actually have the same underlying structure — the same properties in the same order — and associate them with a structure identifier , or StructureID .
Whenever a property access is performed , we do the usual hash lookup ( using our highly optimized hashtables ) the first time , and record the StructureID and the offset where the property was found .
Subsequent times , we check for a match on the StructureID – usually the same piece of code will be working on objects of the same structure .
If we get a hit , we can use the cached offset to perform the lookup in only a few machine instructions , which is much faster than hashing .
Here is the classic Self paper that describes the original technique .
You can look at Geoff ’s implementation of the StructureID class in Subversion to see more details of how we did it .
We ’ve only taken the first steps on polymorphic inline caching .
We have lots of ideas on how to improve the technique to get even more speed .
But already , you ’ll see a huge difference on performance tests where the bottleneck is object property access .
3. Context Threaded JIT
Another major change we ’ve made with SFX is to introduce native code generation .
Our starting point is a technique called a “ context threaded interpreter ” , which is a bit of a misnomer , because this is actually a simple but effective form of JIT compiler .
In the original Squirrel Fish announcement , we described our use of direct threading , which is about the fastest form of bytecode intepretation short of generating native code .
Context threading takes the next step and introduces some native code generation .
The basic idea of context threading is to convert bytecode to native code , one opcode at a time .
Complex opcodes are converted to function calls into the language runtime .
Simple opcodes , or in some cases the common fast paths of otherwise complex opcodes , are inlined directly into the native code stream .
This has two major advantages .
First , the control flow between opcodes is directly exposed to the CPU as straight line code , so much dispatch overhead is removed .
Second , many branches that were formerly inside opcode implmentations are now inline , and made visible and highly predictable to the CPU ’s branch predictor .
Here is a paper describing the basic idea of context threading .
Our initial prototype of context threading was created by Gavin Barraclough .
Several of us helped him polish it and tune the performance over the past few weeks .
One of the great things about our lightweight JIT is that there ’s only about 4,000 lines of code involved in native code generation .
All the other code remains cross platform .
It ’s also surprisingly hackable .
If you thought compiling to native code is rocket science , think again .
Besides Gavin , most of us have little prior experience with native codegen , but we were able to jump right in .
Currently the code is limited to x86 32 - bit , but we plan to refactor and add support for more CPU architectures .
CPUs that are not yet supported by the JIT can still use the interpreter .
We also think we can get a lot more speedups out of the JIT through techniques such as type specialization , better register allocation and liveness analysis .
The Squirrel Fish bytecode is a good representation for making many of these kinds of transforms .
4. Regular Expression JIT
As we built the basic JIT infrastructure for the main JavaScript language , we found that we could easily apply it to regular expressions as well , and get up to a 5 x speedup on regular expression matching .
So we went ahead and did that .
Not all code spends a bunch of time in regexps , but with the speed of our new regular expression engine , WREC ( the WebKit Regular Expression Compiler ) , you can write the kind of text processing code you ’d want to do in Perl or Python or Ruby , and do it in JavaScript instead .
In fact we believe that in many cases our regular expression engine will beat the highly tuned regexp processing in those other languages .
Since the SunSpider JavaScript benchmark has a fair amount of regexp content , some may feel that developing a regexp JIT is an “ unfair ” advantage .
A year ago , regexp processing was a fairly small part of the test , but JS engines have improved in other areas a lot more than on regexps .
For example , most of the individual tests on SunSpider have gotten 5 - 10 x faster in JavaScriptCore — in some cases over 70 x faster than the Safari 3.0 version of WebKit .
But until recently , regexp performance had n’t improved much at all .
We thought that making regular expressions fast was a better thing to do than changing the benchmark .
A lot of real tasks on the web involve a lot of regexp processing .
After all , fundamental tasks on the web , like JSON validation and parsing , depend on regular expressions .
And emerging technologies — like John Resig ’s processing .js library — extend that dependency ever further .
A Word About Benchmarks
We have included some performance results , but do n’t take our word for it .
You can get WebKit nightlies for Mac and Windows and try for yourself .
The primary benchmark we use to track JavaScript performance is SunSpider .
Although , like all benchmarks , it has its flaws , we think it is a balanced test that covers many dimensions of the JavaScript language and many types of code .
If you look at test by test results , you will see that different JavaScript implementations have their own strengths and weaknesses .
Browser vendors and independent testers have been tracking this benchmark .
Next Steps and How You Can Contribute
We believe the SquirrelFish Extreme architecture has room for lots more optimization , and we ’d love to see more developers and testers pitch in .
Currently , we are looking at how to use the bytecode infrastructure to perform more information gathering at runtime and then using it to drive better code generation , and we are studying ways to make JS function calls faster .
There is also a lot of basic tuning work to do to take more advantage of the basic architectural advances in SFX .
In addition , we ’re interested in having JIT back ends for other CPU architectures .
If you ’d like to follow the development of WebKit ’s JavaScript engine more closely , we have created the squirrelfish-dev@lists.webkit.org mailing list ( subscribe here ) and the #squirrelfish IRC channel on the FreeNode IRC network .
Stop on by and you can learn more about our plans , and how you can help .
Try it Out
Try it , test it , browse with it .
It ’s now available in nightlies .
We hope the changes we ’ve made help improve your experience of the web .
UPDATE : For the curious , here are some comparisons of SFX to other leading JavaScript engines .
Charles
Ying has comparisons on a few more benchmarks .
UPDATE 2 : For those of you who just ca n’t get enough of our little mascot , click the Squirrel Fish below in a recent WebKit nightly for a demo of SVG animation support .
This is a list of common things my wife and I do to save money on a regular basis .
Luckily , we are both frugal by nature and we actually do most of these things without needing to discuss it much .
These tips can be used by almost anyone , and more importantly , they do n’t force you to make radical changes to your lifestyle .
With a few small changes , it ’s very easy to use these money saving tips :
Be a Savvy Money Manager
How you manage your money can have a big impact on your bottom line .
Simple changes like making your savings automatic , using a free online checking account , keeping your savings in a high yield savings account , and avoiding ATM fees can save you hundreds of dollars a year .
There are some options out there to actually make money when you sign up for an online checking account such as Chase Free Checking .
More importantly , these changes are quick and easy to make , and do n’t cost you anything !
1 . Make it automatic .
Before I see my paycheck , a good portion of it is diverted to my online savings account and retirement savings .
This forces me to save money automatically without taking any additional action on my part .
This is important because it reduces the temptation to spend it , and reduces the barrier of having to “ actively ” save .
This is especially crucial when you have lots of stuff you ’re saving up for , because a depletion of your savings means you ’ll have to decide what you ’ll spend on , and what you ’ll have to forego , at a later date .
Delay gratification now and you wo n’t have to delay a purchase later .
Action item : Enroll in your company 401 ( k ) plan if you have one , and make an automatic payroll contribution with each paycheck .
Start small if you need to – you probably wo n’t even notice a big difference in your take home pay .
If you do n’t have a 401 ( k ) plan , open a Roth IRA .
2 . Do n’t pay banking fees !
I use my bank for automatic deposits , free bill pay , free checks , and free reimbursements for all ATM fees .
I wo n’t pay for any of those services .
( I bank with USAA , which offers all of these features and more ) .
Here are some recommendations for other great online banks that do n’t charge many fees :
Action item : Check to see how many fees your bank is charging you and how much you earn in interest .
Change banks if necessary .
3 . Use rewards credit cards .
If you are a responsible credit card user , then you should absolutely use a cash back credit card for all your purchases .
I get cash back on every purchase and I pay the card off every month so I do n’t pay any interest fees .
I only recommend credit cards if you have no current credit card debt , and can afford to pay the balance every month !
If you do n’t want to use credit cards , then consider using a cash rewards debit card .
The best on the market is the debit card from PerkStreet Financial .
If you are a savvy credit card user , consider saving more money by using specific credit cards based on the type of purchase .
Here are some good examples :
Action item : Use rewards credit cards or debit cards wisely and reap the rewards !
4 . Track your spending and investments .
It ’s essential to know where your money is going so you can manage it efficiently .
We use a free money management tool to track our savings and investments and make updates to our financial accounts when things get out of balance .
This is a great way to track all your income and expenses .
Action item .
Sign up for a free online money management tool to help track your expenses .
One of my favorite tools is Personal Capital .
5 . Buy insurance .
Health insurance , home owner ’s insurance , auto insurance , and other types of insurance are designed to save you money !
Sure , you may end up paying premiums for years and never file a claim , but in the event you need to file a claim , your premium will likely be small compared to what you would have had to pay .
You ’ll be very happy if you ever need it !
Action item :
Make sure you have the appropriate amounts of insurance to protect you and your family .
6 . Avoid debt and put your money to work for you .
We have a mortgage , which we do n’t mind because we would either have a mortgage or pay rent .
But we are free of any student loans or consumer debt including credit cards , automobiles , home equity line of credit , or anything else .
This means we pay very little interest and are able to make more of our money work for us instead of work for someone else .
And that ’s the whole point of saving money , is n’t it ? 😉
Action item : Make getting out of debt a priority by aggressively paying it down or transferring it to a 0 % balance transfer credit card so you can eliminate it more quickly .
Save Money Around Your Home
After making small changes to how you manage your money , the biggest way to save money every day is by making small changes around your home .
These small changes usually do n’t take much effort , but can save your hundreds of dollars a year in recurring energy costs for things like utilities and energy .
7. Examine your cable TV needs .
You can save a lot of money by bundling these items with the same provider rather than purchasing them separately .
But you may also find that you can do without some of these items .
For example , my wife and I dropped cable TV two years ago , and have n’t looked back .
We use cable TV alternatives such as over the air network television , streaming video , and DVDs .
Action item : Examine your needs and do n’t be afraid to cancel service if you do n’t feel you are getting good value for it .
You will be surprised at how easy it is to live without cable TV and other luxuries .
Even simply cutting a premium channel or service from your cable subscription can save you hundreds of dollars a year .
Related Cable Articles :
8. Examine your telephone and cell phone needs .
You may also find that you can do without a landline .
My wife and I have used our cell phones exclusively for over six years without any problems .
I only recently had a landline installed for my business , be still use our cell phones exclusively for our personal calls .
On the flip side , do n’t be afraid to cancel or downgrade your cell phone plan if you do n’t use it enough .
Action item : Examine your needs and dropping your landline if you do n’t need it .
You can also downgrade or cancel your cell phone service if you are n’t using all the features .
Here are some tips to save money on your cell phone bill , and how to cancel your cell phone without paying early termination fees .
Related Telephone and Cell Phone Articles :
9 . Use a programmable thermostat .
Programmable thermostats save you an estimated 10 - 20 % on your heating and cooling bills .
When we are n’t home , or we are sleeping , our house is quite a bit warmer or cooler , depending on the season .
We save a substantial amount on our utilities compared to many of our neighbors !
Action item : Buy and install a programmable thermostat if you do n’t have one already , and use it !
10 .
Use ceiling fans , floor fans , and space heaters .
My wife and I program the thermostat to go to the upper -50s at night during the winter .
Why so cold ?
Because we close the door to our room and use a space heater for heat .
There is no sense heating an entire house while we sleep .
We also use ceiling fans and floor fans to assist with heating and cooling – depending on the season of course !
In our computer room , we use an air vent booster to increase air flow .
These are easy ways to save money on heating costs .
Action item :
Try using space heaters , fans , extra blankets , or other means of reducing your energy costs .
You will be surprised how much you can save and still remain comfortable .
11 . Install CFLs to save energy .
Compact fluorescent lights use about a quarter of the electricity of normal incandescent bulbs .
They also need replaced much less often – often lasting five years or longer .
LED lighting has become popular recently and the bulbs use even less energy than CFLs .
However , the bulbs are still very expensive , and we have n’t made the switch yet .
Action item : Install a few CFLs in the rooms you use most frequently .
You will start seeing small savings almost immediately .
Be a Smart Consumer
The Internet has been the great equalizer when it comes to researching major purchases and saving money .
But you can also save a lot of money on everyday purchases you make at your local grocery store .
Here are some ways we save money on almost everything we buy :
12 . Use coupons and rebates .
We use coupons for oil changes , groceries , books , online purchases , and just about anything else we can find .
Do n’t waste your money on consumables where you can either reuse or avoid a purchase , like bottled water , for example , where a tumbler and any water fountain will yield the same result at an infinitely decreasing cost .
You can even find coupons on the back of receipts .
There are several great websites that offer users cash back or rebates on virtually every online purchase ( this is on top of the savings you can get with your credit card ! ) .
Some examples include of these free online rebates companies include :
Action Item : Join Ebates , Mr. Rebates , or similar companies and earn cash back on virtually all online purchases when you shop through their portal .
Remember , a penny saved is actually worth even more than a penny earned !
13 . Actively search out deals .
It never hurts to try and find a better deal , or request a better deal from your service providers .
For example , I saved $ 1,000 by making two phone calls – one to my cable TV provider a few years ago , and another when I challenged my property taxes .
I also actively search other deals that can net me free money through bank sign up bonuses and other referral offers .
Action item : Call your cable TV provider or another service provider , and ask them to lower your rates .
Seek similar deals where possible .
14 . Plan and research major purchases .
I do a lot of research before I make a major purchase .
This includes reading product reviews from places like Consumer Reports and creating a spreadsheet on Google Docs where I can compare reviews , prices , features , and other aspects of the product .
Then I look for additional savings and discounts .
My wife and I recently did this to save money on a vacation .
A little planning on our end saved us over $ 2,000 .
Especially on the big ticket items , like lodging and flights , you can really scour the web and find great deals if you ’re patient .
Or maybe you have other major life events , like a wedding , you want to plan for .
Not every wedding needs to be a huge expense , but if it is , a solid plan can help you stray away from taking on huge chunks of credit card debt .
Action item :
Be proactive when making a major purchase .
Planning and research can save you hundreds , or even thousands of dollars .
15 . Buy quality products .
Quality items may cost more up front , but they last longer and generally provide better results than cheaper , inferior products .
Examples of items you should buy higher quality – furniture , clothes and shoes , vehicles , and other items that will see a lot of use .
I used this premise to build a professional wardrobe on a budget .
If you think you can upgrade to better quality , you can always throw your old stuff on Craigslist in order to make the new item even cheaper .
Action item : Do n’t skimp on quality just to save a buck .
Quality items often cost less in the long run .
16 . Buy generic where applicable .
Yes , I just wrote “ buy quality , ” but you can save a lot of money on generic items for which the brand name product is essentially the same as the store brand .
Food and medicines come to mind as items where generic products are good deals .
Action item : Always look at alternatives when it makes sense ( and cents ! ) .
17 . Sign up for a warehouse membership .
My wife and I recently bought a Costco membership .
For us , it has been well worth the $ 55 annual fee , but your mileage may vary .
Just be sure to visit with a clear shopping list and avoid impulse purchases .
If you can do this , you will almost certainly save money !
Action item : Research the warehouse membership options in your area , and consider buying a membership .
Bonus Tip : Use reusable shopping bags .
My wife and I recently switched to reusable shopping bags for our grocery shopping , and we both love them !
They only cost about a buck per bag , but each bag holds more groceries than a plastic bag , they do n’t fall over in the trunk , and they will last several years .
The best part is that there are no more plastic bags cluttering our house or the landfills .
I highly recommend these !
Where to purchase reusable shopping bags :
Check your local grocery store or discount outlet .
Check your local grocery store or discount outlet .
Estimated cost : $ 1 and up
Related Smart Consumer Articles :
Save Money on Food
Food is a large expense for most families and an unavoidable one at that .
But just because it is an unavoidable expense does n’t mean you need to spend too much money on it .
With a little planning , you can save a lot of money on your food expenses each month .
18 . Use grocery store rewards cards .
Most grocery stores ( and many other stores ) offer free membership cards that allow shoppers to save at least 10 - 15 % on every trip .
( Personally , I dislike the savings cards because I believe the stores actually mark everything up to force their customers to get the cards , but that is another story … )
We still save a lot of money on groceries , so we use it .
Action item : Sign up for your grocery store card and start saving !
19 .
Cook at home .
My wife is a great cook and we both enjoy cooking and eating at home more than we do going out .
We only go out about once a month , but when we do , we prefer to make an evening out of it and go somewhere fairly nice .
We prefer eating out once a month at a nice restaurant more than we enjoy eating out several times a week at chain restaurants such Chili ’s or TGI Friday ’s .
Eating out once a month at a nice restaurant is much more affordable than eating out once or twice a week at chain restaurants .
Action item : Consider reducing the frequency you eat out .
20 . Brown bag it , and eat leftovers .
I grew up eating leftovers , and I still love them ( as long as they are not leftover from when I was a kid ! yuck ! ) .
I estimate I save a minimum of $ 20 a week by bringing my lunch to work .
It is also healthier , and on the rare occasion I go out to lunch with coworkers , I enjoy it more .
Action item : Cook an extra serving or two when you make your meals and take them to work or school .
Leftovers are more affordable and healthy than most restaurant options .
Bonus tip : Take advantage of seasonal offers .
Especially if you can gain special access to great deals because you ’re a senior , a veteran , or even an alumni , you can take advantage of seasonal offers for a meal out , which tends to be a big budget line item for many folks .
Arts & Entertainment – Big Saving Opportunities !
You do n’t have to spend a small fortune to have a good time .
Whether it ’s a family outing or paying for entertainment , there are a lot of ways to save money .
Here are some of our favorite money saving tips for the arts and entertainment :
21 . Use the library .
My wife and I borrow movies from the library almost every week .
New releases are n’t always available , but lately , we have been watching a lot of classic movies from the 40s , 50s , and 60s .
My wife and I also borrow CDs , books , and puzzles for our daughter .
Action item : Join your library .
Most offer free memberships and a variety of items you can borrow at no cost .
22 . Visit parks .
My wife and I love to go hiking and our children also love getting out and enjoying the weather .
We have 2 great parks nearby that we visit often .
We get great exercise and the only costs to us is the gas to drive there .
Action item : Look into the free parks , nature preserves , and other free activities in your local area .
23 . Manage your paid subscriptions .
We do n’t get the newspaper or magazines since almost everything we want can be found on - line for free .
There are other subscriptions we pay for , such as Amazon Prime , which I feel is one of the best deals out there for savvy consumers .
Some times adding a paid monthly subscription can actually help you save money .
For example , you may find that a streaming video subscription will make it easier for you to cancel cable TV .
At around $ 10 per month , you could end up saving $ 40 or more per month , which adds up quickly .
Want more info ?
Here is a Netflix review , and a free trial offer .
Bonus tip : Stop receiving junk mail .
You can choose to opt out of credit card offers , and you can also have your name and address removed from advertisers ’ mailing lists ( junk mail ) .
You save time and clutter on your end , and fewer resources are used .
Action item : Review each paid subscription you have and determine if you need it , or if you can get a free or less expensive option .
Take Care of Things
Pride in ownership goes a long way to helping you save money .
Performing seasonal maintenance around your home , doing your own home improvement projects , and doing scheduled maintenance on your vehicles and other items makes them last longer and saves you money .
24 . Take care of things .
I treat items I own with respect and I take good care of them .
This includes doing things such as cleaning our house , washing our cars , cleaning and maintaining computers and appliances , and polishing shoes .
Things last much longer when you take good care of them .
Action item : Stay on top of scheduled maintenance such as oil changes , filter changes for your car and house , etc. Clean and service items when necessary .
25 . Home improvement and car repairs .
Once upon a time , I was an aircraft mechanic in the USAF , so I am fairly handy with tools .
I am comfortable repairing most items around the house , and I always attempt to repair problems before calling a professional .
However , I am not afraid to hire out anything dangerous or that I do n’t have the tools or knowledge to do ( usually electrical or plumbing ) .
The same goes with car maintenance and repairs .
Stay on top of maintenance like tuneups and oil changes , and your car will run more efficiently , last longer , and cost less to maintain .
Action item : Buy a basic tool kit and learn to do basic repairs .
Your home and car will last longer and you will save hundreds or thousands of dollars by doing it yourself .
Related Home Articles :
Related Car Articles :
26 . Be a smart driver .
Many people underestimate how their driving habits affect the wear and tear on their vehicle – which can lead to shortened life spans for tires , breaks , transmissions , shocks , and other high dollar items .
Taking care of your vehicle when driving results in less wear and tear and gets you better gas mileage .
Some tips include accelerating smoothly and at a reasonable rate , coasting to a stop as often as possible , and using cruise control on the highway .
My car is rated to get 26 mpg around town and I regularly get 29 .
That ’s not quite hypermiling , but it ’s not bad !
Heck , if you want your car to practically pay for itself , give others a ride and let the sharing economy help pay for your gas and mileage along the way .
Action item : Do n’t let road rage get the best of you .
Plan your trips efficiently and take your time getting there .
You will have a more peaceful drive and save a lot of money over time !
Be Creative !
I know some of these tips wo n’t apply for everyone , but they work for my wife and I .
I ’m sure there are many more things we can do to save money , and there are a few places where we can plug some money leaks , but overall , I think we are doing a good job .
I hope these tips can help a few other people out there !
Image Credits : Grocery Bags ( author photo ) , Icons – royalty free images ; Image with text created at GetStencil.com ;
All other images from DepositPhotos.com .
NEW YORK ( AP ) 
Get ready for another hike in copays and deductibles .
A survey out Thursday from the Mercer consulting firm found that 59 % of companies intend to keep down rising health care costs in 2009 by raising workers ' deductibles , copays or out - of - pocket spending limits .
BETTER LIFE BLOG : Taking the pulse of health news
On average , health care costs will go up by an estimated 5.7 % next year for both workers and their employers , the study found .
That follows this year 's 5.7 % hike and a 6.1 % jump in 2007 .
The growth of health care costs has hovered around 6 % since 2005 , according to Mercer .
While that 's down from the double - digit growth in previous years , it 's still moving at a faster clip than inflation or workers wages .
" It 's not something to cheer about , especially since costs are getting passed on to employees , " said Blaine Bos , author of the survey .
The results were preliminary findings , with about half of the 3,000 large companies surveyed reporting .
Preliminary findings for the annual survey have historically been in line with final results .
Between 2003 and 2007 , the average deductible for an individual grew to $ 400 from $ 250 .
For a family , it rose to $ 1,500 from $ 1,000 , according to Mercer .
Deductibles are the amount workers pay for medical care out of pocket .
Once workers spend that amount , they begin sharing costs with employers , with the company covering an average of 80 % .
Health plans are trying to rein in costs by offering choices such as disease management plans and incentives for greater use of prescription drugs , said Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for America 's Health Insurance Plans , a trade association representing nearly 1,300 insurers .
" But there 's certainly still more work to be done , " Zirkelbach said .
The Mercer survey also found 47 % of companies are encouraging enrollment in plans with lower premiums and higher deductibles .
Additionally , the survey found 19 % of employers will start offering a consumer - directed health plan .
These are high - deductible plans with employee - controlled spending accounts .
They encourage employees to consider costs when by letting them save account money they do n't spend for future needs .
Last year , 12 % of all employers said they were " very likely " to implement such a plan by 2009 .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
×
First time here ?
Welcome !
We have a lot of fun stuff to play with like our
Motivational Poster maker , Magazine Cover maker , Pop Art poster , and much more !
Play as much as you likeâ€ ” everything is free .
We also sell awesome custom - printed products .
This article was reported by William Yardley , Jo Becker , Mike McIntire and David D. Kirkpatrick , and was written by Mr. Yardley .
Her father shot the grizzly bear whose hide is now draped over the sofa in her office .
She , too , hunts and fishes .
She runs marathons .
She delivered her fifth child during her first term as governor .
They call her husband , the reigning champion in the annual Iron Dog snowmachine race , First Dude .
Sarah Palin , Senator John McCain ’s surprising selection to be his vice - presidential running mate , took Alaska by surprise , too , not long ago .
Though indisputably Alaskan , she rose to prominence by bucking the state ’s rigid Republican hierarchy , impressing voters more with gumption , warmth and charm than an established record in government .
It was a combination that dumbfounded her rivals .
“ She would n’t have articulated one coherent policy and people would just be fawning all over her , ” said Andrew Halcro , a Republican turned independent , who along with Tony Knowles , a Democrat , ran against Ms. Palin for governor in 2006 .
“ Tony and I looked at each other and it was , like , this is n’t about policy or Alaska issues , this is about people ’s most basic instincts : ‘ I like you , and you make me feel good . ’ ”
Aug. 21 , 2008 --
It 's news we all want to hear -- that eating chocolate is good for you .
Well not quite , but an ingredient in some chocolates is showing promise in promoting blood flow to the brain .
The ingredient is flavanols , which are nutrients found in cocoa .
Flavanols are considered to act as antioxidants and anti-inflammatories on cells .
These chemicals can protect cells and tissue from damage , which in turn protects against heart disease and cancer .
The research and similar studies were funded by Mars Inc. , the maker of Snickers and other foods .
" The totality of the research on cocoa flavanols is impressive .
This is just one more study adding to an increasing body of literature connecting regular cocoa flavanol consumption to blood flow and vascular health improvements throughout the body , " according to news release comments from Harold Schmitz , chief science officer at Mars .
Schmitz says that flavanol - rich drinks or foods could be created to help slow brain decline as people age .
This study rounded up 34 healthy 59 - to 83 - year - olds .
The average age was 72 .
None of the participants was a smoker or had diabetes or high blood pressure .
The participants were asked not to take in any caffeine , alcohol , or chocolate for at least 12 hours before being tested .
The participants were told to drink a special cocoa drink twice a day .
Some drank a high - flavanol drink ( 450 milligrams ) .
The other group got a low - flavanol drink ( 18 milligrams ) .
Study members drank their cocoa and then came to a hospital where researchers used ultrasound to see how well blood was flowing in the brain , specifically in the middle cerebral artery .
Target Selection
Soft Target ?
Targeted Assassination ?
Disturbing precedent
The morning of July 7 , 2008 , began normally enough at the Indian Embassy in Kabul .
Afghan citizens began to queue up on the dusty street outside the fortified compound in hopes of obtaining a visa , while shopkeepers nearby offered refreshments , visa photos and other administrative services to the aspiring visa applicants .
One by one , the Indian employees of the embassy began to arrive at work and pass through security checks at the gate .
At around 8:30 a.m , as two embassy vehicles were in the process of entering the compound , the stillness of the morning was shattered when a suicide operative rammed his Toyota Corolla into the second of the two embassy vehicles and then activated the powerful improvised explosive device ( IED ) concealed in his car .
The powerful blast destroyed the two embassy vehicles and blew the gates off the embassy ’s outer perimeter .
The blast killed at least 58 people and injured more than 140 .
Among those killed in the attack were two high - level diplomats : Indian Defense Attache Brig .
Gen. Ravi Dutt Mehta and the embassy ’s Political and Information Counselor , Vadapalli Venkateswara Rao .
The blast also killed two Indo - Tibetan Border Police security officers , a local Afghan employee of the embassy and some 10 local police officers assigned to guard the facility .
Several other Indian employees were injured in the attack , as were two foreign diplomats and several security personnel assigned to the adjacent Indonesian Embassy .
Among those hit the hardest were the people standing in the visa line .
A Taliban spokesman , Zabiullah Mujahid , denied that the group was involved in the attack .
However , it is not uncommon for the Taliban to deny responsibility for attacks that kill a large number of civilians , as they did in the Feb. 17 , 2008 , suicide attack in Kandahar that killed more than 100 people .
The use of a suicide operative in the attack is a clear indication that it was conducted by the Taliban or their al Qaeda brethren , and the fact that the attack was conducted in Kabul — where a non-Afghan would stand out — would make the Taliban the most likely suspects , though it is quite possible they had assistance from al Qaeda or Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence Agency ( ISI ) .
The explosive device was powerful , but it was not the type of very large device one would use in an earnest attempt to destroy a building .
Due to the size of the device and the identity of the victims , it is quite possible that this attack was a targeted assassination attempt and not an effort to destroy the embassy itself .
The attack was well - executed and effective , and there are several lessons that can be drawn from it .
The Indian Embassy is a logical target for the Taliban to strike for variety of reasons .
Perhaps the most significant reason is the history of India ’s involvement in Afghanistan .
New Delhi has long sought close relationships with the government of Afghanistan as a way to encircle and pressure India 's rival Pakistan .
To this end , India has been one of the largest international supporters of Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's government .
The government of India was also heavily involved in supporting the Northern Alliance as it fought against the government of the Taliban — which was very much a creature of the Pakistani ISI .
The Indian government saw support of the Northern Alliance as a way to keep a check on Pakistani influence in the region .
While a number of Taliban attacks in recent years have killed or injured Indian engineers and workers involved in Indian - financed reconstruction projects in Afghanistan , this is the first time an Indian diplomatic post has been the target of a large - scale attack , even though India maintains consulates inside Afghanistan in locations such as Jalalabad , Herat and Mazar - e - Sharif and even Kandahar .
While Monday 's attack was the first attack of this scale against an Indian diplomatic target in Afghanistan , small - scale attacks have occurred before .
In December 2007 , the Indian Consulate in Jalalabad was targeted by a small - scale attack when two small explosive devices were hurled at the building during the night .
The consulate in Kandahar was targeted by a similar attack in October 2006 , when a man threw two hand grenades at the building from a motorbike .
Another reason for the Taliban to target the Indians is the Kashmir issue .
The Pakistani ISI has long been supportive of Kashmiri militant groups , groups which have demonstrated links to al Qaeda and the global jihadist network .
The Taliban government in Afghanistan was also supportive of Kashmiri militant groups .
This support was clearly reflected in events such as the 1999 hijacking of Air India flight 814 , in which Kashmiri militants landed the aircraft in Kandahar and held the passengers until the Indian government agreed to release a group of the militants ' imprisoned colleagues .
The prisoners included a Pakistani cleric named Maulana Masood Azhar , founder of the militant group Jaish - e - Mohammed ( JeM ) , who had been arrested in Kashmir and imprisoned in India , and JeM operative Omar Saeed Sheik , who has been convicted in Pakistan and sentenced to death for his involvement in the murder of U.S. journalist Daniel Pearl .
The Indian government claims that Taliban fighters have fought alongside Kashmiri militant groups , and this long history means that there is absolutely no love lost between the Taliban and the Indian government .
Of course , the ISI , al Qaeda , and Kashmiri militant groups also have strong motives for attacking Indian interests in Afghanistan , and it is possible they were somehow involved .
In any event , the targeting of Indian interests appears to be part of a concerted effort .
On July 8 , a remotely detonated IED was discovered on a bus carrying a group of Indian construction workers to a road construction site in Afghanistan ’s Nimroz province .
There have been several Taliban attacks on Indian construction crews working to build roads in Nimroz province since the efforts began in 2004 .
These attacks include two suicide attacks this year , one in April the other in June , that resulted in the deaths of three Indians .
One final reason that might help explain the targeting of the Indian Embassy is that , by nature of its location and construction , it is more vulnerable to an attack than the embassies of high - profile coalition countries like the United States , United Kingdom , Canada and Australia .
The embassy had very little standoff separating the building from the outer perimeter wall , and as we have previously discussed , the critical element in keeping a facility like an embassy safe from large vehicle - borne improvised explosive devices ( VBIEDs ) is standoff — keeping the device far from the building .
Of course , the Indians realized the vulnerability of their facility and were concerned about recent intelligence indicating a possible attack .
On May 27 , the Indian Embassy sent out a security advisory to Indian citizens warning of suicide attacks and compound invasions directed against high - profile facilities in Kabul .
Ironically , the advisory was signed by Brig .
Gen. R.D. Mehta , the defense attache killed in the attack .
In June , the U.S. Embassy also issued a Warden Message noting a threat to Afghan officials and coalition personnel in the greater Kabul area , but it was not as specific as the Indian warning .
Within the last month , security at the Indian Embassy had been augmented with the addition of a substantial sand - filled outer layer to its perimeter fence .
Judging from the photos of the scene , the augmented wall performed fairly well , with most of the damage occurring to the gate — which was literally blown away — and the portion of the building adjacent to the gate .
This is where more than a few feet of standoff distance would have been very helpful .
Since the days of castles and knights , gates have always been the most vulnerable area of a wall and a natural place to target an attack .
In more recent years , we have seen attacks directed at the gates of hardened diplomatic facilities , such as the VBIED attacks against the U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and Nairobi , Kenya , in 1998 , and the armed assault on the U.S. Consulate in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , in December 2004 .
In addition to being a target itself , the gate at a secure facility also serves as a choke point .
Security procedures can also leave potential targets vulnerable to attack as the targets enter the facility , or as they wait outside for security to screen their vehicle prior to entry .
Many larger facilities will have a secure sally port area inside the gate where vehicles are screened for explosive devices , but in a facility with very little standoff there is often not room for such an area , and vehicles are checked on the street prior to entering the gate .
During this time , the vehicles are vulnerable to attack .
Because of this , motorcades transporting high - profile persons normally contact the facility by radio and ask to have the gate cleared so that they can enter quickly and avoid having to sit on the street where they are vulnerable .
Such motorcades normally use vehicles that have been checked for explosive devices and then continuously watched to ensure no such device has been placed on or in the vehicle .
This means that they do not need to stop to have their vehicles checked by security at the gate .
That said , the gate is still a choke point along the route of the motorcade , and the vehicle is vulnerable to attack as it slows down to make the turn into the gate .
This window of opportunity can be amplified if the gate personnel are not particularly on the ball and it takes them a bit of time to open the gate .
That the bombing occurred as a vehicle was entering the facility raises the possibility that the attack at the Indian Embassy was not directed at the facility in general , but was a specifically targeted assassination .
Another factor that points in that direction is that the attack was conducted at 8:30 a.m. local time , when some of the first diplomats were arriving at the embassy , rather than later in the day when more of the embassy staff ( including the ambassador ) would have been present .
Also , although the device was quite powerful , it was not really large enough to have taken down the embassy building .
If the attackers were attempting to destroy the embassy , they would likely have planned to use a larger device like those used in VBIED attacks against similar targets in places like Iraq .
And make no mistake , the Taliban has been consistently moving toward the al Qaeda in Iraq modus operandi over the past few years .
The possibility of a targeted attack is also raised when one considers that the individuals killed in the attack were two senior embassy officers — the defense attache , who by his very job is an intelligence officer , and the political counselor — a position often used as cover for a senior intelligence officer .
Even if the political counselor in this case was not an intelligence officer , he might have been mistaken for one by the attackers .
If the two regularly rode together to work on a predictable schedule ( for a 9 a.m. Monday staff meeting , for example ) , they could have posed a very tempting target for a potential attacker .
Of course this could all be coincidence .
The two senior diplomats killed could simply have been at the wrong place at the wrong time .
The timing of the attack could have been because the morning rush hour provided the attackers an opportunity to get their VBIED past the roadblocks and to the target site .
Also , the attackers could have chosen to attack a building with a smaller rather than a larger device to ensure they made it to the particular target since they were more concerned about symbolism than destruction .
However , that seems to be a lot of chance , and an intentional assassination would seem to be more probable at this point .
If the attack was a targeted assassination and not a series of coincidental events ( or erroneous reports ) , it sets a dangerous precedent .
First , the attack was very well - orchestrated .
The plotters conducted their preoperational surveillance and planned their attack without detection ( though the warning issued by the Indian Embassy last month could be evidence of an operational security leak ) .
However , in spite of the warning , the attack team was able to gain the element of tactical surprise .
They were also able to amass explosives , construct the VBIED and deliver it to the attack site on time and without detection .
The device also functioned as intended , and the operative did not get cold feet and bail out on the operation .
These steps are not as easy to successfully execute as they might seem , especially when one considers that the Indian Embassy is located in the heart of Kabul just down the street from , and in sight of , the Afghan Interior Ministry .
Operating in the heart of Kabul is a far cry from pulling off an attack in a location such as Kandahar , where the population is either sympathetic to or afraid of the Taliban .
But by its very nature , the Indian Embassy would be an easy site to conduct surveillance on .
In addition to the aforementioned merchants in the vicinity ( a perennial favorite cover for surveillance operatives ) , there was also the visa line itself .
Standing in a visa line provides a wonderful opportunity to loiter in front of an embassy for a prolonged period of time — perhaps hours — in order to observe security , monitor the arrivals of VIPs and generally watch what happens there .
Unfortunately , in spite of the warning of a potential attack and the increased physical security at the embassy , it is unlikely that the Indian government employed countersurveillance teams around their embassy .
While physical security upgrades are important and necessary , they can result in a false sense of security .
The bottom line is that if potential attackers are permitted to conduct surveillance , they will be able to find vulnerabilities in security measures and procedures .
With the Taliban demonstrating the ability to conduct sophisticated attacks in Kabul , perhaps with al Qaeda or ISI assistance in this case , other potential targets would be well advised to implement robust countersurveillance programs and deny the Taliban operatives carte blanche to conduct surveillance .
MOSCOW  Russia issued a rebuke to President Bush on Thursday over the conflict in neighboring Georgia , refusing an immediate withdrawal of its troops there , affirming its support for two separatist enclaves and warning the United States to avoid doing anything that would encourage its Georgian ally to reignite hostilities .
In response , in the most pointed language yet from a Bush administration official , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates declared that Russia ’s actions now required a full reassessment of administration efforts to create “ an ongoing and long - term strategic dialogue with Russia . ”
At a Pentagon briefing , Mr. Gates said , “ Russia ’s behavior over the past week has called into question the entire premise of that dialogue and has profound implications for our security relationship going forward , both bilaterally and with NATO .
If Russia does not step back from its aggressive posture and actions in Georgia , the U.S. - Russian relationship could be adversely affected for years to come . ”
Image A woman holding a child stands outside the Civil Registration Center in Tbilisi , Georgia .
Credit ...
Sergei Grits / Associated Press
Still , he ruled out the use of American military force in connection with the conflict .
“ I do n’t see any prospect for the use of military force by the United States in this situation , ” Mr. Gates said .
“ Clear enough ? ”
All microformats are are standardized ID and Class names to wrap data in .
Really .
That ’s it .
Say you are having a birthday party next week and you are posting about it on the web .
That event has a name ( Birthday party ! ) , a location ( Chuck E. Cheese ! ) , a time ( from 6:00 pm - 9:00 pm ) , and some extra details ( No gifts ) .
There are many many ways to present this information semantically the web .
The event could be a definition list with DL ’s and DT’s .
You could use the very common header and paragraph tags .
What microformats proposes , is that you do n’t use those , but use a specific standardized set of tags known as an hCalendar event .
This is what that event would look like as an hCalendar event :
< div id =" hcalendar - Birthday - Party " class= " vevent " > < abbr title= " 2008-09-19T06:00Z00 " class = " dtstart " >
September 19 , 2008 6 < / abbr > â€ “ < abbr title = " 2008-09-19T09:00Z " class = " dtend " > 9am</abbr > : < span class= " summary " > Birthday Party < / span > at < span class =" location " >
Chuck E. Cheese </ span > < div class =" description " >
No gifts </div > </div >
What is quite nice about this , is that it only uses very generic wrappers for all the data .
Most sites do n’t apply any styling directly to very generic elements like divs and spans alone .
So , you have the opportunity to use the class names provided to match the styling of your site .
Let ’s make a simple “ Business Card ” website that features a fully functioning Microformats “ hCard ” .
Perhaps the simplest way to create your own hCard is to use the hCard generator on the Microformats site itself .
Here is what mine looks like :
Since the hCard is wrapped entirely in one div , we can actually target it with CSS and replace the whole darn thing with an image if we want to ( CSS Image Replacement ) .
That is exactly what I ’ve done with the demo page .
I just wanted to show that using Microformats does n’t lock you into any kind of particular style in any way .
View Demo Download Files
Notice in the demo the little mini-card is clickable to download my vCard .
A vCard is a standard file format for address book software ( e.g. Apple ’s Address Book ) .
hCard is a microformat based on that standard .
Yeah that ’s a little confusing …
So you have microformats on your site .
So what ?
Well , to be honest , it ’s probably not that big of a deal … yet .
At the very least though , you can look at it as “ doing the right thing ” .
Every day , you can see the evidence of what is possible through the now fairly - well - adopted web standards .
Imagine what more we could do if all data was moved into standardized formats .
But there are some cool advantages to being an early adopter anyway .
Remy Sharp ’s microformats bookmarklet from 2 years ago is still cool today .
All you do is drag it up to your bookmarks bar and click to activate it on any page .
It looks for all microformats on the page and gives you a nice modal window to download them .
Super - quick way to add people to your address book , add events to your calendar , etc .
More Information
Tails Firefox Extention : Really slick little Firefox plugin .
Auto - detects microformats and gives you a little icon in the bottom bar .
Click it to open a sidebar for viewing / exporting them .
Why Microformats ?
About Webhostingpad Web Hosting
Webhostingpad.com has been online since 2005 , they are offering extremely affordable web hosting plan since .
Webhostingpad has been preferred by over 150,000 websites .
Webhostingpad hosting is now offering all - in - one web hosting plan , all unlimited hosting plan with no hidden fees and free setup .
Webhostingpad is compatible for all websites and all scripting .
Web hosting pad is well known for their cheap affordable web hosting plan that makes everyone smile .
Others are charging you $ 5 dollars , you get the same thing here for $ 2 dollars only .
This webhostingpad hosting company are with cpanel control panel and with unlimited hosting features inside .
30 - days money back guarantee and with no setup fees , this web hosting pad is great for any websites , big or small , personal or business .
Visit Webhostingpad.com web hosting here !
Buy Decred
Webhostingpad Reviews and Secret Revealed
We are reviewing webhostingpad for years , and we are hosting with webhostingpad too .
This webhostingpad reviews blog is hosted with webhostingpad.com , uses their shared web hosting and we have access to cpanel control panel , and from here we setup our website using wordpress blogging script .
We have access to the latest softaculous installer as well .
Reviewing and demo test run their budget web hosting plan , having real web hosting experience and reviewing them in real life , that is what differentiate this review site from other webhostingpad review site .
More than 100 webhostingpad reviews articles posted here and counting .
We are reviewing everything , from web hosting feature and quality , server performance speed and downtime uptime stat , webhostingpad domain registration transfer and redirecting , email account setup and send receive emails via email client , ftp connection setup and quality review , and webhostingpad coupon codes and promo .
There are hundred of facts and secret revealed in this webhostingpad review site , and definitely here have the answer for webhostingpad related question .
Take part in our latest rewards per review program , write us your webhostingpad experience in 50 words testimonial .
And we send you $ 5 as reward money .
Honest and direct reviews from webhostingpad customers and user itself .
View webhostingpad.com for their top quality budget hosting plan
Webhostingpad Web Hosting Features Reviewed
What is this $ 1.99 / mo web hosting plan has to offer .
The first time we see their offer , we ca n’t belief it true .
Others are charging $ 5 dollars for similar hosting package , and webhostinpad give it away for $ 1.99 / mo only .
Three years back , webhostingpad website is n’t look great as right now , lack of confident for user to signup .
But over the years , web hosting pad improved their hosting service and upgrade their website too .
The latest webhostingpad website is really good looking , professional , and create confident .
They have done it right , and make it the best budget web host .
Webhostingpad web hosting package are carefully designed and suitable for all websites and all users .
We have host with them for many years , this webhostingpad review is a blog hosted with them , and we knows they are good at it .
Here are the webhostingpad hosting features and specification :
Unlimited hosting space and bandwidth .
Unlimited domains hosting and hosting extra domain names .
Cpanel control panel with softaculous installer .
Free domain name included .
Free $ 200 ads credits .
Free website builder tool .
Support e-commerce website and 24/7 security server monitoring .
Weekly backup service .
Four OC - 48 connections .
24/7 US - based technical support with live chat .
99.9 % uptime guarantee .
30 - days money back guarantee .
View Webhostingpad.com for their budget web hosting plan !
Webhostingpad Review and Uptime Rating
From our years of webhostingpad reviews and tracking monitoring , we recorded the webhostingpad uptime rating for many years .
This year webhostingpad uptime is amazingly great , we receiving great uptime rating for this budget host plan ( which we use to host this webhostingpad review ) .
impressed by their uptime quality .
This budget hosting plan really excel and unique at its own , their 99.9 % uptime is real !
Visit Webhostingpad.com for their professional web hosting services !
Webhostingpad Coupon Code and Discount Price
For limited time , webhostingpad is now available at special promo price $ 1.99 per month .
Select to signup 4 years or 5 years , and you are entitle for this best price .
It is more affordable and twice cheaper compare to other top web hosts .
That ’s not the ending of it , you can get more from this webhostingpad coupon site , we are giving you the webhostingpad coupon code for additional $ 25 discount from your bill .
Order annual hosting plan , enter this webhostingpad coupon TWHR25 and get $ 25 discount .
Visit Webhostingpad.com for their $ 1.99 web hosting plan !
Is there any other webhostingpad promo codes ?
Yes there is , but it wo n’t give the best discount as $ 25 dollars above , this following webhostingpad coupon is giving only $ 14.95 dollars discount , equal to value of one free domain name for a year .
If you visited webhostingpad.com , at their signup page you will get the code anyway , the given coupon code is FREEDOMAIN that offers only $ 14.95 one time discount .
For best & biggest discount , insist to use the TWHR25 for $ 25 discount .
Visit Webhostingpad.com for their $ 1.99 web hosting package !
For memorial day 2011 , webhostingpad is offering weekend special deals and offering one free year for their new customer signup .
Order 1 year webhostingpad hosting and get the second year free .
This webhostingpad special discount is valid for memorial weekend sales only and valid for two days only .
Visit Webhostingpad.com for their 1 year free promotion !
Many of us have not forgotten the joy of playing with toys which let your mind run free : Lego blocks , Erector , etc .
On the other hand , it appears that the larval programmers of today are skipping the stage of development involving the digital equivalents of such toys .
Specifically I am talking about Logo , BASIC , and the like .
There are now people who see nothing wrong with allowing Java or web frameworks to form a child 's first programming experiences .
The supposedly useless toy languages of old had something no modern system can lay claim to : simplicity , of the " what you see is all there is " variety .
A BASIC programmer , like the Lego architect , would exercise creativity ( say , in playing with graphics ) by learning to combine simple building blocks ( " putpixel ( x , y ) " ) in new ways - as opposed to the pseudo - creativity of mining a thick reference manual for new API functions ( " draw_fancy_rotating_cube ( ) " ) .
Systems laden with accidental complexity ( just about anything you can get your hands on today ) heavily encourage the latter .
Even if you boot up a Commodore - 64 emulator or the like for your children to learn on , the problem remains unsolved .
The kids will eventually want to play with concepts that cannot fit in the sandbox , and will be forced to confront the unrestricted ugliness of the underlying system .
Come to think of it , my recent visit to a toy store lead to a saddening discovery : Lego itself has undergone a similar transformation .
The beloved universal " buckets of bricks " have mostly disappeared , to be replaced with kits reminiscent of model airplanes , where the blocks are designed to fit together in a strictly defined way .
Is it any wonder that so few grow up to yearn for a computing system where knowledge does not consist in memorizing reams of special cases ?
Where skill does not consist in working around others ' bugs cemented in place ?
Where developing expertise means something other than the memorization of trivia ?
☠ I could not think of a blog title ☠
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama debated on the campus of the University of Mississippi Friday night .
The moderator for the debate was Jim Lehrer of the NewsHour on PBS .
What follows is the full transcript of the debate :
The presidential candidates shake hands at the start of their first debate .
LEHRER : Gentlemen , at this very moment tonight , where do you stand on the financial recovery plan ?
First response to you , Senator Obama .
You have two minutes .
OBAMA : Well , thank you very much , Jim , and thanks to the commission and the University of Mississippi , " Ole Miss , " for hosting us tonight .
I can't think of a more important time for us to talk about the future of the country .
You know , we are at a defining moment in our history .
Our nation is involved in two wars , and we are going through the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
And although we 've heard a lot about Wall Street , those of you on Main Street I think have been struggling for a while , and you recognize that this could have an impact on all sectors of the economy .
And you 're wondering , how 's it going to affect me ?
How 's it going to affect my job ?
How 's it going to affect my house ?
How 's it going to affect my retirement savings or my ability to send my children to college ?
Watch footage of the debate »
So we have to move swiftly , and we have to move wisely .
And I 've put forward a series of proposals that make sure that we protect taxpayers as we engage in this important rescue effort .
No .
1 , we 've got to make sure that we 've got oversight over this whole process ; $ 700 billion , potentially , is a lot of money .
No. 2 , we 've got to make sure that taxpayers , when they are putting their money at risk , have the possibility of getting that money back and gains , if the market -- and when the market returns .
No .
3 , we 've got to make sure that none of that money is going to pad CEO bank accounts or to promote golden parachutes .
And , No. 4 , we 've got to make sure that we 're helping homeowners , because the root problem here has to do with the foreclosures that are taking place all across the country .
Read more about the expectations
Now , we also have to recognize that this is a final verdict on eight years of failed economic policies promoted by George Bush , supported by Senator McCain , a theory that basically says that we can shred regulations and consumer protections and give more and more to the most , and somehow prosperity will trickle down .
It has n't worked .
And I think that the fundamentals of the economy have to be measured by whether or not the middle class is getting a fair shake .
That 's why I 'm running for president , and that 's what I hope we 're going to be talking about tonight .
LEHRER : Senator McCain , two minutes .
MCCAIN : Well , thank you , Jim .
And thanks to everybody .
And I do have a sad note tonight .
Senator Kennedy is in the hospital .
He 's a dear and beloved friend to all of us .
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the lion of the Senate .
I also want to thank the University of Mississippi for hosting us tonight .
And , Jim , I -- I 've been not feeling too great about a lot of things lately .
So have a lot of Americans who are facing challenges .
But I 'm feeling a little better tonight , and I 'll tell you why .
Because as we 're here tonight in this debate , we are seeing , for the first time in a long time , Republicans and Democrats together , sitting down , trying to work out a solution to this fiscal crisis that we 're in .
And have no doubt about the magnitude of this crisis .
And we 're not talking about failure of institutions on Wall Street .
We 're talking about failures on Main Street , and people who will lose their jobs , and their credits , and their homes , if we do n't fix the greatest fiscal crisis , probably in -- certainly in our time , and I 've been around a little while .
But the point is -- the point is , we have finally seen Republicans and Democrats sitting down and negotiating together and coming up with a package .
This package has transparency in it .
It has to have accountability and oversight .
It has to have options for loans to failing businesses , rather than the government taking over those loans .
We have to -- it has to have a package with a number of other essential elements to it .
And , yes , I went back to Washington , and I met with my Republicans in the House of Representatives .
And they were n't part of the negotiations , and I understand that .
And it was the House Republicans that decided that they would be part of the solution to this problem .
But I want to emphasize one point to all Americans tonight .
This is n't the beginning of the end of this crisis .
This is the end of the beginning , if we come out with a package that will keep these institutions stable .
And we 've got a lot of work to do .
And we 've got to create jobs .
And one of the areas , of course , is to eliminate our dependence on foreign oil .
LEHRER : All right , let 's go back to my question .
How do you all stand on the recovery plan ?
And talk to each other about it .
We 've got five minutes .
We can negotiate a deal right here .
But , I mean , are you -- do you favor this plan , Senator Obama , and you , Senator McCain ?
Do you -- are you in favor of this plan ?
OBAMA : We have n't seen the language yet .
And I do think that there 's constructive work being done out there .
So , for the viewers who are watching , I am optimistic about the capacity of us to come together with a plan .
The question , I think , that we have to ask ourselves is , how did we get into this situation in the first place ?
Two years ago , I warned that , because of the subprime lending mess , because of the lax regulation , that we were potentially going to have a problem and tried to stop some of the abuses in mortgages that were taking place at the time .
Last year , I wrote to the secretary of the Treasury to make sure that he understood the magnitude of this problem and to call on him to bring all the stakeholders together to try to deal with it .
So -- so the question , I think , that we 've got to ask ourselves is , yes , we 've got to solve this problem short term .
And we are going to have to intervene ; there 's no doubt about that .
But we 're also going to have to look at , how is it that we shredded so many regulations ?
We did not set up a 21st - century regulatory framework to deal with these problems .
And that in part has to do with an economic philosophy that says that regulation is always bad .
LEHRER : Are you going to vote for the plan , Senator McCain ?
MCCAIN : I -- I hope so .
And I ...
LEHRER : As a United States senator ...
MCCAIN : Sure .
LEHRER : ... you 're going to vote for the plan ?
MCCAIN : Sure .
But -- but let me -- let me point out , I also warned about Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and warned about corporate greed and excess , and CEO pay , and all that .
A lot of us saw this train wreck coming .
But there 's also the issue of responsibility .
You 've mentioned President Dwight David Eisenhower .
President Eisenhower , on the night before the Normandy invasion , went into his room , and he wrote out two letters .
One of them was a letter congratulating the great members of the military and allies that had conducted and succeeded in the greatest invasion in history , still to this day , and forever .
And he wrote out another letter , and that was a letter of resignation from the United States Army for the failure of the landings at Normandy .
Somehow we 've lost that accountability .
I 've been heavily criticized because I called for the resignation of the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
We 've got to start also holding people accountable , and we 've got to reward people who succeed .
But somehow in Washington today -- and I 'm afraid on Wall Street -- greed is rewarded , excess is rewarded , and corruption -- or certainly failure to carry out our responsibility is rewarded .
As president of the United States , people are going to be held accountable in my administration .
And I promise you that that will happen .
LEHRER : Do you have something directly to say , Senator Obama , to Senator McCain about what he just said ?
OBAMA : Well , I think Senator McCain 's absolutely right that we need more responsibility , but we need it not just when there 's a crisis .
I mean , we 've had years in which the reigning economic ideology has been what 's good for Wall Street , but not what 's good for Main Street .
And there are folks out there who 've been struggling before this crisis took place .
And that 's why it 's so important , as we solve this short - term problem , that we look at some of the underlying issues that have led to wages and incomes for ordinary Americans to go down , the -- a health care system that is broken , energy policies that are not working , because , you know , 10 days ago , John said that the fundamentals of the economy are sound .
LEHRER : Say it directly to him .
OBAMA : I do not think that they are .
LEHRER : Say it directly to him .
OBAMA : Well , the -- John , 10 days ago , you said that the fundamentals of the economy are sound .
And ...
MCCAIN : Are you afraid I could n't hear him ?
LEHRER : I 'm just determined to get you all to talk to each other .
I 'm going to try .
OBAMA : The -- and I just fundamentally disagree .
And unless we are holding ourselves accountable day in , day out , not just when there 's a crisis for folks who have power and influence and can hire lobbyists , but for the nurse , the teacher , the police officer , who , frankly , at the end of each month , they 've got a little financial crisis going on .
They 're having to take out extra debt just to make their mortgage payments .
We have n't been paying attention to them .
And if you look at our tax policies , it 's a classic example .
LEHRER : So , Senator McCain , do you agree with what Senator Obama just said ?
And , if you do n't , tell him what you disagree with .
MCCAIN : No , I -- look , we 've got to fix the system .
We 've got fundamental problems in the system .
And Main Street is paying a penalty for the excesses and greed in Washington , D.C. , and on Wall Street .
So there 's no doubt that we have a long way to go .
And , obviously , stricter interpretation and consolidation of the various regulatory agencies that were n't doing their job , that has brought on this crisis .
But I have a fundamental belief in the goodness and strength of the American worker .
And the American worker is the most productive , the most innovative .
America is still the greatest producer , exporter and importer .
But we 've got to get through these times , but I have a fundamental belief in the United States of America .
And I still believe , under the right leadership , our best days are ahead of us .
LEHRER : All right , let 's go to the next lead question , which is essentially following up on this same subject .
And you get two minutes to begin with , Senator McCain .
And using your word " fundamental , " are there fundamental differences between your approach and Senator Obama 's approach to what you would do as president to lead this country out of the financial crisis ?
MCCAIN : Well , the first thing we have to do is get spending under control in Washington .
It 's completely out of control .
It 's gone -- we have now presided over the largest increase in the size of government since the Great Society .
We Republicans came to power to change government , and government changed us .
And the -- the worst symptom on this disease is what my friend , Tom Coburn , calls earmarking as a gateway drug , because it 's a gateway .
It 's a gateway to out - of - control spending and corruption .
And we have former members of Congress now residing in federal prison because of the evils of this earmarking and pork - barrel spending .
You know , we spent $ 3 million to study the DNA of bears in Montana .
I do n't know if that was a criminal issue or a paternal issue , but the fact is that it was $ 3 million of our taxpayers ' money .
And it has got to be brought under control .
As president of the United States , I want to assure you , I 've got a pen .
This one 's kind of old .
I 've got a pen , and I 'm going to veto every single spending bill that comes across my desk .
I will make them famous .
You will know their names .
Now , Senator Obama , you wanted to know one of the differences .
a million dollars for every day that he 's been in the United States Senate .
I suggest that people go up on the Web site of Citizens Against Government Waste , and they 'll look at those projects .
That kind of thing is not the way to rein in runaway spending in Washington , D.C.
That 's one of the fundamental differences that Senator Obama and I have .
LEHRER : Senator Obama , two minutes .
OBAMA : Well , Senator McCain is absolutely right that the earmarks process has been abused , which is why I suspended any requests for my home state , whether it was for senior centers or what have you , until we cleaned it up .
And he's also right that oftentimes lobbyists and special interests are the ones that are introducing these kinds of requests , although that was n't the case with me .
But let 's be clear : Earmarks account for $ 18 billion in last year 's budget .
Senator McCain is proposing -- and this is a fundamental difference between us -- $ 300 billion in tax cuts to some of the wealthiest corporations and individuals in the country , $ 300 billion .
Now , $ 18 billion is important ; $ 300 billion is really important .
And in his tax plan , you would have CEOs of Fortune 500 companies getting an average of $ 700,000 in reduced taxes , while leaving 100 million Americans out .
So my attitude is , we 've got to grow the economy from the bottom up .
What I 've called for is a tax cut for 95 percent of working families , 95 percent .
And that means that the ordinary American out there who 's collecting a paycheck every day , they 've got a little extra money to be able to buy a computer for their kid , to fill up on this gas that is killing them .
And over time , that , I think , is going to be a better recipe for economic growth than the -- the policies of President Bush that John McCain wants to -- wants to follow .
LEHRER : Senator McCain ?
MCCAIN : Well , again , I do n't mean to go back and forth , but he ...
LEHRER : No , that 's fine .
MCCAIN : Senator Obama suspended those requests for pork - barrel projects after he was running for president of the United States .
He did n't happen to see that light during the first three years as a member of the United States Senate , $ 932 million in requests .
Maybe to Senator Obama it 's not a lot of money .
But the point is that -- you see , I hear this all the time .
" It 's only $ 18 billion . "
Do you know that it 's tripled in the last five years ?
Do you know that it 's gone completely out of control to the point where it corrupts people ?
It corrupts people .
That 's why we have , as I said , people under federal indictment and charges .
It 's a system that 's got to be cleaned up .
I have fought against it my career .
I have fought against it .
I was called the sheriff , by the -- one of the senior members of the Appropriations Committee .
I did n't win Miss Congeniality in the United States Senate .
Now , Senator Obama did n't mention that , along with his tax cuts , he is also proposing some $ 800 billion in new spending on new programs .
Now , that 's a fundamental difference between myself and Senator Obama .
I want to cut spending .
I want to keep taxes low .
The worst thing we could do in this economic climate is to raise people 's taxes .
OBAMA : I -- I do n't know where John is getting his figures .
Let 's just be clear .
What I do is I close corporate loopholes , stop providing tax cuts to corporations that are shipping jobs overseas so that we 're giving tax breaks to companies that are investing here in the United States .
I make sure that we have a health care system that allows for everyone to have basic coverage .
I think those are pretty important priorities .
And I pay for every dime of it .
But let 's go back to the original point .
John , nobody is denying that $ 18 billion is important .
And , absolutely , we need earmark reform .
And when I 'm president , I will go line by line to make sure that we are not spending money unwisely .
But the fact is that eliminating earmarks alone is not a recipe for how we 're going to get the middle class back on track .
OBAMA : And when you look at your tax policies that are directed primarily at those who are doing well , and you are neglecting people who are really struggling right now , I think that is a continuation of the last eight years , and we can't afford another four .
LEHRER : Respond directly to him about that , to Senator Obama about that , about the -- he 's made it twice now , about your tax -- your policies about tax cuts .
MCCAIN : Well -- well , let me give you an example of what Senator Obama finds objectionable , the business tax .
Right now , the United States of American business pays the second - highest business taxes in the world , 35 percent .
Ireland pays 11 percent .
Now , if you 're a business person , and you can locate any place in the world , then , obviously , if you go to the country where it 's 11 percent tax versus 35 percent , you 're going to be able to create jobs , increase your business , make more investment , et cetera .
I want to cut that business tax .
I want to cut it so that businesses will remain in -- in the United States of America and create jobs .
But , again , I want to return .
It 's a lot more than $ 18 billion in pork - barrel spending .
I can tell you , it 's rife .
It 's throughout .
The United States Senate will take up a continuing resolution tomorrow or the next day , sometime next week , with 2,000 -- 2,000 -- look at them , my friends .
Look at them .
You 'll be appalled .
And Senator Obama is a recent convert , after requesting $ 932 million worth of pork - barrel spending projects .
So the point is , I want people to have tax cuts .
I want every family to have a $ 5,000 refundable tax credit so they can go out and purchase their own health care .
I want to double the dividend from $ 3,500 to $ 7,000 for every dependent child in America .
I know that the worst thing we could possibly do is to raise taxes on anybody , and a lot of people might be interested in Senator Obama 's definition of " rich . "
LEHRER : Senator Obama , you have a question for Senator McCain on that ?
OBAMA : Well , let me just make a couple of points .
LEHRER : All right .
OBAMA : My definition -- here 's what I can tell the American people : 95 percent of you will get a tax cut .
And if you make less than $ 250,000 , less than a quarter - million dollars a year , then you will not see one dime 's worth of tax increase .
Now , John mentioned the fact that business taxes on paper are high in this country , and he 's absolutely right .
Here 's the problem :
There are so many loopholes that have been written into the tax code , oftentimes with support of Senator McCain , that we actually see our businesses pay effectively one of the lowest tax rates in the world .
And what that means , then , is that there are people out there who are working every day , who are not getting a tax cut , and you want to give them more .
It 's not like you want to close the loopholes .
You just want to add an additional tax cut over the loopholes .
And that 's a problem .
Just one last point I want to make , since Senator McCain talked about providing a $ 5,000 health credit .
Now , what he does n't tell you is that he intends to , for the first time in history , tax health benefits .
So you may end up getting a $ 5,000 tax credit .
Here 's the only problem :
Your employer now has to pay taxes on the health care that you 're getting from your employer .
And if you end up losing your health care from your employer , you 've got to go out on the open market and try to buy it .
It is not a good deal for the American people .
But it 's an example of this notion that the market can always solve everything and that the less regulation we have , the better off we 're going to be .
MCCAIN : Well , you know , let me just ...
LEHRER : We 've got to go to another lead question .
MCCAIN : I know we have to , but this is a classic example of walking the walk and talking the talk .
We had an energy bill before the United States Senate .
It was festooned with Christmas tree ornaments .
It had all kinds of breaks for the oil companies , I mean , billions of dollars worth .
I voted against it ; Senator Obama voted for it .
OBAMA : John , you want to give oil companies another $ 4 billion .
MCCAIN : You 've got to look at our record .
You 've got to look at our records .
That 's the important thing .
Who fought against wasteful and earmark spending ?
Who has been the person who has tried to keep spending under control ?
Who 's the person who has believed that the best thing for America is -- is to have a tax system that is fundamentally fair ?
And I 've fought to simplify it , and I have proposals to simplify it .
Let 's give every American a choice : two tax brackets , generous dividends , and , two -- and let Americans choose whether they want the -- the existing tax code or they want a new tax code .
And so , again , look at the record , particularly the energy bill .
But , again , Senator Obama has shifted on a number of occasions .
He has voted in the United States Senate to increase taxes on people who make as low as $ 42,000 a year .
OBAMA : That 's not true , John .
That 's not true .
MCCAIN : And that 's just a fact .
Again , you can look it up .
OBAMA : Look , it 's just not true .
And if we want to talk about oil company profits , under your tax plan , John -- this is undeniable -- oil companies would get an additional $ 4 billion in tax breaks .
Now , look , we all would love to lower taxes on everybody .
But here 's the problem :
If we are giving them to oil companies , then that means that there are those who are not going to be getting them .
And ...
MCCAIN : With all due respect , you already gave them to the oil companies .
OBAMA : No , but , John , the fact of the matter is , is that I was opposed to those tax breaks , tried to strip them out .
We 've got an emergency bill on the Senate floor right now that contains some good stuff , some stuff you want , including drilling off - shore , but you 're opposed to it because it would strip away those tax breaks that have gone to oil companies .
LEHRER : All right .
All right , speaking of things that both of you want , another lead question , and it has to do with the rescue -- the financial rescue thing that we started -- started asking about .
And what -- and the first answer is to you , Senator Obama .
As president , as a result of whatever financial rescue plan comes about and the billion , $ 700 billion , whatever it is it 's going to cost , what are you going to have to give up , in terms of the priorities that you would bring as president of the United States , as a result of having to pay for the financial rescue plan ?
OBAMA : Well , there are a range of things that are probably going to have to be delayed .
We do n't yet know what our tax revenues are going to be .
The economy is slowing down , so it 's hard to anticipate right now what the budget is going to look like next year .
But there 's no doubt that we 're not going to be able to do everything that I think needs to be done .
There are some things that I think have to be done .
We have to have energy independence , so I 've put forward a plan to make sure that , in 10 years ' time , we have freed ourselves from dependence on Middle Eastern oil by increasing production at home , but most importantly by starting to invest in alternative energy , solar , wind , biodiesel , making sure that we 're developing the fuel - efficient cars of the future right here in the United States , in Ohio and Michigan , instead of Japan and South Korea .
We have to fix our health care system , which is putting an enormous burden on families .
Just -- a report just came out that the average deductible went up 30 percent on American families .
They are getting crushed , and many of them are going bankrupt as a consequence of health care .
I 'm meeting folks all over the country .
We have to do that now , because it will actually make our businesses and our families better off .
The third thing we have to do is we 've got to make sure that we 're competing in education .
We 've got to invest in science and technology .
China had a space launch and a space walk .
We 've got to make sure that our children are keeping pace in math and in science .
And one of the things I think we have to do is make sure that college is affordable for every young person in America .
And I also think that we 're going to have to rebuild our infrastructure , which is falling behind , our roads , our bridges , but also broadband lines that reach into rural communities .
Also , making sure that we have a new electricity grid to get the alternative energy to population centers that are using them .
So there are some -- some things that we 've got to do structurally to make sure that we can compete in this global economy .
We can't shortchange those things .
We 've got to eliminate programs that do n't work , and we 've got to make sure that the programs that we do have are more efficient and cost less .
LEHRER : Are you -- what priorities would you adjust , as president , Senator McCain , because of the -- because of the financial bailout cost ?
MCCAIN : Look , we , no matter what , we 've got to cut spending .
We have -- as I said , we 've let government get completely out of control .
Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate .
It 's hard to reach across the aisle from that far to the left .
The point -- the point is -- the point is , we need to examine every agency of government .
First of all , by the way , I 'd eliminate ethanol subsidies .
I oppose ethanol subsidies .
I think that we have to return -- particularly in defense spending , which is the largest part of our appropriations -- we have to do away with cost - plus contracts .
We now have defense systems that the costs are completely out of control .
We tried to build a little ship called the Littoral Combat Ship that was supposed to cost $ 140 million , ended up costing $ 400 million , and we still have n't done it .
So we need to have fixed - cost contracts .
We need very badly to understand that defense spending is very important and vital , particularly in the new challenges we face in the world , but we have to get a lot of the cost overruns under control .
I know how to do that .
MCCAIN : I saved the taxpayers $ 6.8 billion by fighting a contract that was negotiated between Boeing and DOD that was completely wrong .
And we fixed it and we killed it and the people ended up in federal prison so I know how to do this because I 've been involved these issues for many , many years .
But I think that we have to examine every agency of government and find out those that are doing their job and keep them and find out those that are n't and eliminate them and we 'll have to scrub every agency of government .
LEHRER : But if I hear the two of you correctly neither one of you is suggesting any major changes in what you want to do as president as a result of the financial bailout ?
Is that what you 're saying ?
OBAMA : No .
As I said before , Jim , there are going to be things that end up having to be ...
LEHRER : Like what ?
OBAMA : ... deferred and delayed .
Well , look , I want to make sure that we are investing in energy in order to free ourselves from the dependence on foreign oil .
That is a big project .
That is a multi - year project .
LEHRER : Not willing to give that up ?
OBAMA : Not willing to give up the need to do it but there may be individual components that we can't do .
But John is right we have to make cuts .
We right now give $ 15 billion every year as subsidies to private insurers under the Medicare system .
Does n't work any better through the private insurers .
They just skim off $ 15 billion .
That was a give away and part of the reason is because lobbyists are able to shape how Medicare works .
They did it on the Medicaid prescription drug bill and we have to change the culture .
Tom -- or John mentioned me being wildly liberal .
Mostly that 's just me opposing George Bush 's wrong headed policies since I 've been in Congress but I think it is that it is also important to recognize I work with Tom Coburn , the most conservative , one of the most conservative Republicans who John already mentioned to set up what we call a Google for government saying we 'll list every dollar of federal spending to make sure that the taxpayer can take a look and see who , in fact , is promoting some of these spending projects that John 's been railing about .
LEHRER : What I 'm trying to get at this is this .
Excuse me if I may , senator .
Trying to get at that you all -- one of you is going to be the president of the United States come January .
At the -- in the middle of a huge financial crisis that is yet to be resolved .
And what I 'm trying to get at is how this is going to affect you not in very specific -- small ways but in major ways and the approach to take as to the presidency .
MCCAIN : How about a spending freeze on everything but defense , veteran affairs and entitlement programs .
LEHRER : Spending freeze ?
MCCAIN : I think we ought to seriously consider with the exceptions the caring of veterans national defense and several other vital issues .
LEHRER : Would you go for that ?
OBAMA : The problem with a spending freeze is you 're using a hatchet where you need a scalpel .
There are some programs that are very important that are under funded .
I went to increase early childhood education and the notion that we should freeze that when there may be , for example , this Medicare subsidy does n't make sense .
Let me tell you another place to look for some savings .
We are currently spending $ 10 billion a month in Iraq when they have a $ 79 billion surplus .
It seems to me that if we 're going to be strong at home as well as strong abroad , that we have to look at bringing that war to a close .
MCCAIN : Look , we are sending $ 700 billion a year overseas to countries that do n't like us very much .
Some of that money ends up in the hands of terrorist organizations .
We have to have wind , tide , solar , natural gas , flex fuel cars and all that but we also have to have offshore drilling and we also have to have nuclear power .
Senator Obama opposes both storing and reprocessing of spent nuclear fuel .
You can't get there from here and the fact is that we can create 700,000 jobs by building constructing 45 new nuclear power plants by the year 2030 .
Nuclear power is not only important as far as eliminating our dependence on foreign oil but it's also responsibility as far as climate change is concerned and the issue I have been involved in for many , many years and I 'm proud of the work of the work that I 've done there along with President Clinton .
LEHRER : Before we go to another lead question .
Let me figure out a way to ask the same question in a slightly different way here .
Are you -- are you willing to acknowledge both of you that this financial crisis is going to affect the way you rule the country as president of the United States beyond the kinds of things that you have already -- I mean , is it a major move ?
Is it going to have a major affect ?
OBAMA : There 's no doubt it will affect our budgets .
There is no doubt about it .
Not only --
Even if we get all $ 700 billion back , let 's assume the markets recover , we ' holding assets long enough that eventually taxpayers get it back and that happened during the Great Depression when Roosevelt purchased a whole bunch of homes , over time , home values went back up and in fact government made a profit .
If we 're lucky and do it right , that could potentially happen but in the short term there 's an outlay and we may not see that money for a while .
And because of the economy 's slowing down , I think we can also expect less tax revenue so there 's no doubt that as president I 'm go doing have to make some tough decision .
The only point I want to make is this , that in order to make the tough decisions we have to know what our values are and who we 're fighting for and our priorities and if we are spending $ 300 billion on tax cuts for people who do n't need them and were n't even asking for them , and we are leaving out health care which is crushing on people all across the country , then I think we have made a bad decision and I want to make sure we 're not shortchanging our long term priorities .
MCCAIN : Well , I want to make sure we 're not handing the health care system over to the federal government which is basically what would ultimately happen with Senator Obama 's health care plan .
I want the families to make decisions between themselves and their doctors .
Not the federal government .
Look .
We have to obviously cut spending .
I have fought to cut spending .
Senator Obama has $ 800 billion in new spending programs .
I would suggest he start by canceling some of those new spending program that he has .
We can't I think adjust spending around to take care of the very much needed programs , including taking care of our veterans but I also want to say again a healthy economy with low taxes would not raising anyone 's taxes is probably the best recipe for eventually having our economy recover .
And spending restraint has got to be a vital part of that .
And the reason , one of the major reasons why we 're in the difficulties we are in today is because spending got out of control .
We owe China $ 500 billion .
And spending , I know , can be brought under control because I have fought against excessive spending my entire career .
And I got plans to reduce and eliminate unnecessary and wasteful spending and if there 's anybody here who thinks there are n't agencies of government where spending can be cut and their budgets slashed they have not spent a lot of time in Washington .
OBAMA : I just want to make this point , Jim .
John , it 's been your president who you said you agreed with 90 percent of the time who presided over this increase in spending .
This orgy of spending and enormous deficits you voted for almost all of his budgets .
So to stand here and after eight years and say that you 're going to lead on controlling spending and , you know , balancing our tax cuts so that they help middle class families when over the last eight years that has n't happened I think just is , you know , kind of hard to swallow .
LEHRER : Quick response to Senator Obama .
MCCAIN : It 's well - known that I have not been elected Miss Congeniality in the United States Senate nor with the administration .
I have opposed the president on spending , on climate change , on torture of prisoner , on - on Guantanamo Bay .
On a -- on the way that the Iraq War was conducted .
I have a long record and the American people know me very well and that is independent and a maverick of the Senate and I 'm happy to say that I 've got a partner that 's a good maverick along with me now .
LEHRER : All right .
Let 's go another subject .
Lead question , two minutes to you , senator McCain .
Much has been said about the lessons of Vietnam .
What do you see as the lessons of Iraq ?
MCCAIN : I think the lessons of Iraq are very clear that you cannot have a failed strategy that will then cause you to nearly lose a conflict .
Our initial military success , we went in to Baghdad and everybody celebrated .
And then the war was very badly mishandled .
I went to Iraq in 2003 and came back and said , we 've got to change this strategy .
This strategy requires additional troops , it requires a fundamental change in strategy and I fought for it .
And finally , we came up with a great general and a strategy that has succeeded .
This strategy has succeeded .
And we are winning in Iraq .
And we will come home with victory and with honor .
And that withdrawal is the result of every counterinsurgency that succeeds .
MCCAIN : And I want to tell you that now that we will succeed and our troops will come home , and not in defeat , that we will see a stable ally in the region and a fledgling democracy .
The consequences of defeat would have been increased Iranian influence .
It would have been increase in sectarian violence .
It would have been a wider war , which the United States of America might have had to come back .
So there was a lot at stake there .
And thanks to this great general , David Petraeus , and the troops who serve under him , they have succeeded .
And we are winning in Iraq , and we will come home .
And we will come home as we have when we have won other wars and not in defeat .
LEHRER : Two minutes , how you see the lessons of Iraq , Senator Obama ?
OBAMA : Well , this is an area where Senator McCain and I have a fundamental difference because I think the first question is whether we should have gone into the war in the first place .
Now six years ago , I stood up and opposed this war at a time when it was politically risky to do so because I said that not only did we not know how much it was going to cost , what our exit strategy might be , how it would affect our relationships around the world , and whether our intelligence was sound , but also because we had n't finished the job in Afghanistan .
We had n't caught bin Laden .
We had n't put al Qaeda to rest , and as a consequence , I thought that it was going to be a distraction .
Now Senator McCain and President Bush had a very different judgment .
And I wish I had been wrong for the sake of the country and they had been right , but that 's not the case .
We 've spent over $ 600 billion so far , soon to be $ 1 trillion .
We have lost over 4,000 lives .
We have seen 30,000 wounded , and most importantly , from a strategic national security perspective , al Qaeda is resurgent , stronger now than at any time since 2001 .
We took our eye off the ball .
And not to mention that we are still spending $ 10 billion a month , when they have a $ 79 billion surplus , at a time when we are in great distress here at home , and we just talked about the fact that our budget is way overstretched and we are borrowing money from overseas to try to finance just some of the basic functions of our government .
So I think the lesson to be drawn is that we should never hesitate to use military force , and I will not , as president , in order to keep the American people safe .
But we have to use our military wisely .
And we did not use our military wisely in Iraq .
LEHRER : Do you agree with that , the lesson of Iraq ?
MCCAIN : The next president of the United States is not going to have to address the issue as to whether we went into Iraq or not .
The next president of the United States is going to have to decide how we leave , when we leave , and what we leave behind .
That 's the decision of the next president of the United States .
Senator Obama said the surge could not work , said it would increase sectarian violence , said it was doomed to failure .
Recently on a television program , he said it exceed our wildest expectations .
But yet , after conceding that , he still says that he would oppose the surge if he had to decide that again today .
Incredibly , incredibly Senator Obama did n't go to Iraq for 900 days and never
LEHRER : Well , let 's go at some of these things ...
MCCAIN : Senator Obama is the chairperson of a committee that oversights NATO that 's in Afghanistan .
To this day , he has never had a hearing .
LEHRER : What about that point ?
MCCAIN : I mean , it 's remarkable .
LEHRER : All right .
What about that point ?
OBAMA : Which point ?
He raised a whole bunch of them .
LEHRER : I know , OK , let 's go to the latter point and we 'll back up .
The point about your not having been ...
OBAMA : Look , I 'm very proud of my vice presidential selection , Joe Biden , who is the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , and as he explains , and as John well knows , the issues of Afghanistan , the issues of Iraq , critical issues like that , do n't go through my subcommittee because they 're done as a committee as a whole .
But that 's Senate inside baseball .
But let 's get back to the core issue here .
Senator McCain is absolutely right that the violence has been reduced as a consequence of the extraordinary sacrifice of our troops and our military families .
They have done a brilliant job , and General Petraeus has done a brilliant job .
But understand , that was a tactic designed to contain the damage of the previous four years of mismanagement of this war .
And so John likes -- John , you like to pretend like the war started in 2007 .
You talk about the surge .
The war started in 2003 , and at the time when the war started , you said it was going to be quick and easy .
You said we knew where the weapons of mass destruction were .
You were wrong .
You said that we were going to be greeted as liberators .
You were wrong .
You said that there was no history of violence between Shiite and Sunni .
And you were wrong .
And so my question is ...
LEHRER : Senator Obama ...
OBAMA : ... of judgment , of whether or not -- of whether or not -- if the question is who is best - equipped as the next president to make good decisions about how we use our military , how we make sure that we are prepared and ready for the next conflict , then I think we can take a look at our judgment .
LEHRER : I have got a lot on the plate here ...
MCCAIN : I 'm afraid Senator Obama does n't understand the difference between a tactic and a strategy .
But the important -- I 'd like to tell you , two Fourths of July ago I was in Baghdad .
General Petraeus invited Senator Lindsey Graham and me to attend a ceremony where 688 brave young Americans , whose enlistment had expired , were reenlisting to stay and fight for Iraqi freedom and American freedom .
I was honored to be there .
I was honored to speak to those troops .
And you know , afterwards , we spent a lot of time with them .
And you know what they said to us ?
They said , let us win .
They said , let us win .
We do n't want our kids coming back here .
And this strategy , and this general , they are winning .
Senator Obama refuses to acknowledge that we are winning in Iraq .
OBAMA : That 's not true .
MCCAIN : They just passed an electoral ...
OBAMA : That 's not true .
MCCAIN : An election law just in the last few days .
There is social , economic progress , and a strategy , a strategy of going into an area , clearing and holding , and the people of the country then become allied with you .
They inform on the bad guys .
And peace comes to the country , and prosperity .
That 's what 's happening in Iraq , and it was n't a tactic .
LEHRER : Let me see ...
OBAMA : Jim , Jim , this is a big ...
MCCAIN : It was a stratagem .
And that same strategy will be employed in Afghanistan by this great general .
And Senator Obama , who after promising not to vote to cut off funds for the troops , did the incredible thing of voting to cut off the funds for the troops in Iraq and Afghanistan .
OBAMA : Jim , there are a whole bunch of things we have got to answer .
First of all , let 's talk about this troop funding issue because John always brings this up .
Senator McCain cut -- Senator McCain opposed funding for troops in legislation that had a timetable , because he did n't believe in a timetable .
I opposed funding a mission that had no timetable , and was open - ended , giving a blank check to George Bush .
We had a difference on the timetable .
We did n't have a difference on whether or not we were going to be funding troops .
We had a legitimate difference , and I absolutely understand the difference between tactics and strategy .
And the strategic question that the president has to ask is not whether or not we are employing a particular approach in the country once we have made the decision to be there .
The question is , was this wise ?
We have seen Afghanistan worsen , deteriorate .
We need more troops there .
We need more resources there .
Senator McCain , in the rush to go into Iraq , said , you know what ?
We 've been successful in Afghanistan .
There is nobody who can pose a threat to us there .
This is a time when bin Laden was still out , and now they 've reconstituted themselves .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates himself acknowledges the war on terrorism started in Afghanistan and it needs to end there .
But we can't do it if we are not willing to give Iraq back its country .
Now , what I 've said is we should end this war responsibly .
We should do it in phases .
But in 16 months we should be able to reduce our combat troops , put -- provide some relief to military families and our troops and bolster our efforts in Afghanistan so that we can capture and kill bin Laden and crush al Qaeda .
And right now , the commanders in Afghanistan , as well as Admiral Mullen , have acknowledged that we do n't have enough troops to deal with Afghanistan because we still have more troops in Iraq than we did before the surge .
MCCAIN : Admiral Mullen suggests that Senator Obama 's plan is dangerous for America .
OBAMA : That 's not the case .
MCCAIN : That 's what ...
OBAMA : What he said was a precipitous ...
MCCAIN : That 's what Admiral Mullen said .
OBAMA : ... withdrawal would be dangerous .
He did not say that .
That 's not true .
MCCAIN : And also General Petraeus said the same thing .
Osama bin Laden and General Petraeus have one thing in common that I know of , they both said that Iraq is the central battleground .
Now General Petraeus has praised the successes , but he said those successes are fragile and if we set a specific date for withdrawal -- and by the way , Senator Obama 's original plan , they would have been out last spring before the surge ever had a chance to succeed .
And I 'm -- I 'm -- understand why Senator Obama was surprised and said that the surge succeeded beyond his wildest expectations .
MCCAIN : It did n't exceed beyond mine , because I know that that 's a strategy that has worked and can succeed .
But if we snatch defeat from the jaws of victory and adopt Senator Obama 's plan , then we will have a wider war and it will make things more complicated throughout the region , including in Afghanistan .
LEHRER : Afghanistan , lead -- a new -- a new lead question .
Now , having resolved Iraq , we 'll move to Afghanistan .
And it goes to you , Senator Obama , and it 's a -- it picks up on a point that 's already been made .
Do you think more troops -- more U.S. troops should be sent to Afghanistan , how many , and when ?
OBAMA : Yes , I think we need more troops .
I 've been saying that for over a year now .
And I think that we have to do it as quickly as possible , because it 's been acknowledged by the commanders on the ground the situation is getting worse , not better .
We had the highest fatalities among U.S. troops this past year than at any time since 2002 .
And we are seeing a major offensive taking place -- al Qaeda and Taliban crossing the border and attacking our troops in a brazen fashion .
They are feeling emboldened .
And we cannot separate Afghanistan from Iraq , because what our commanders have said is we do n't have the troops right now to deal with Afghanistan .
So I would send two to three additional brigades to Afghanistan .
Now , keep in mind that we have four times the number of troops in Iraq , where nobody had anything to do with 9/11 before we went in , where , in fact , there was no al Qaeda before we went in , but we have four times more troops there than we do in Afghanistan .
And that is a strategic mistake , because every intelligence agency will acknowledge that al Qaeda is the greatest threat against the United States and that Secretary of Defense Gates acknowledged the central front -- that the place where we have to deal with these folks is going to be in Afghanistan and in Pakistan .
So here 's what we have to do comprehensively , though .
It 's not just more troops .
We have to press the Afghan government to make certain that they are actually working for their people .
And I 've said this to President Karzai .
No. 2 , we 've got to deal with a growing poppy trade that has exploded over the last several years .
No. 3 , we 've got to deal with Pakistan , because al Qaeda and the Taliban have safe havens in Pakistan , across the border in the northwest regions , and although , you know , under George Bush , with the support of Senator McCain , we 've been giving them $ 10 billion over the last seven years , they have not done what needs to be done to get rid of those safe havens .
And until we do , Americans here at home are not going to be safe .
LEHRER : Afghanistan , Senator McCain ?
MCCAIN : First of all , I wo n't repeat the mistake that I regret enormously , and that is , after we were able to help the Afghan freedom fighters and drive the Russians out of Afghanistan , we basically washed our hands of the region .
And the result over time was the Taliban , al Qaeda , and a lot of the difficulties we are facing today .
So we can't ignore those lessons of history .
Now , on this issue of aiding Pakistan , if you 're going to aim a gun at somebody , George Shultz , our great secretary of state , told me once , you 'd better be prepared to pull the trigger .
I 'm not prepared at this time to cut off aid to Pakistan .
So I 'm not prepared to threaten it , as Senator Obama apparently wants to do , as he has said that he would announce military strikes into Pakistan .
We 've got to get the support of the people of -- of Pakistan .
He said that he would launch military strikes into Pakistan .
Now , you do n't do that .
You do n't say that out loud .
If you have to do things , you have to do things , and you work with the Pakistani government .
Now , the new president of Pakistan , Kardari ( sic ) , has got his hands full .
And this area on the border has not been governed since the days of Alexander the Great .
I 've been to Waziristan .
I can see how tough that terrain is .
It 's ruled by a handful of tribes .
And , yes , Senator Obama calls for more troops , but what he does n't understand , it 's got to be a new strategy , the same strategy that he condemned in Iraq .
It 's going to have to be employed in Afghanistan .
And we 're going to have to help the Pakistanis go into these areas and obtain the allegiance of the people .
And it 's going to be tough .
They 've intermarried with al Qaeda and the Taliban .
And it 's going to be tough .
But we have to get the cooperation of the people in those areas .
And the Pakistanis are going to have to understand that that bombing in the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad was a signal from the terrorists that they do n't want that government to cooperate with us in combating the Taliban and jihadist elements .
So we 've got a lot of work to do in Afghanistan .
But I 'm confident , now that General Petraeus is in the new position of command , that we will employ a strategy which not only means additional troops -- and , by the way , there have been 20,000 additional troops , from 32,000 to 53,000 , and there needs to be more .
So it 's not just the addition of troops that matters .
It 's a strategy that will succeed .
And Pakistan is a very important element in this .
And I know how to work with him .
And I guarantee you I would not publicly state that I 'm going to attack them .
OBAMA : Nobody talked about attacking Pakistan .
Here 's what I said .
And if John wants to disagree with this , he can let me know , that , if the United States has al Qaeda , bin Laden , top - level lieutenants in our sights , and Pakistan is unable or unwilling to act , then we should take them out .
Now , I think that 's the right strategy ; I think that 's the right policy .
And , John , I -- you 're absolutely right that presidents have to be prudent in what they say .
But , you know , coming from you , who , you know , in the past has threatened extinction for North Korea and , you know , sung songs about bombing Iran , I do n't know , you know , how credible that is .
I think this is the right strategy .
Now , Senator McCain is also right that it 's difficult .
This is not an easy situation .
You 've got cross - border attacks against U.S. troops .
And we 've got a choice .
We could allow our troops to just be on the defensive and absorb those blows again and again and again , if Pakistan is unwilling to cooperate , or we have to start making some decisions .
And the problem , John , with the strategy that 's been pursued was that , for 10 years , we coddled Musharraf , we alienated the Pakistani population , because we were anti-democratic .
We had a 20th - century mindset that basically said , " Well , you know , he may be a dictator , but he 's our dictator . "
And as a consequence , we lost legitimacy in Pakistan .
We spent $ 10 billion .
And in the meantime , they were n't going after al Qaeda , and they are more powerful now than at any time since we began the war in Afghanistan .
That 's going to change when I 'm president of the United States .
MCCAIN : I -- I do n't think that Senator Obama understands that there was a failed state in Pakistan when Musharraf came to power .
Everybody who was around then , and had been there , and knew about it knew that it was a failed state .
But let me tell you , you know , this business about bombing Iran and all that , let me tell you my record .
Back in 1983 , when I was a brand - new United States congressman , the one -- the person I admired the most and still admire the most , Ronald Reagan , wanted to send Marines into Lebanon .
And I saw that , and I saw the situation , and I stood up , and I voted against that , because I was afraid that they could n't make peace in a place where 300 or 400 or several hundred Marines would make a difference .
Tragically , I was right : Nearly 300 Marines lost their lives in the bombing of the barracks .
And then we had Somalia -- then we had the first Gulf War .
I supported -- I supported that .
I supported us going into Bosnia , when a number of my own party and colleagues was against that operation in Bosnia .
That was the right thing to do , to stop genocide and to preserve what was necessary inside of Europe .
I supported what we did in Kosovo .
I supported it because ethnic cleansing and genocide was taking place there .
And I have a record -- and Somalia , I opposed that we should turn -- turn the force in Somalia from a peacekeeping force into a peacemaking force , which they were not capable of .
So I have a record .
I have a record of being involved in these national security issues , which involve the highest responsibility and the toughest decisions that any president can make , and that is to send our young men and women into harm 's way .
And I 'll tell you , I had a town hall meeting in Wolfeboro , New Hampshire , and a woman stood up and she said , " Senator McCain , I want you to do me the honor of wearing a bracelet with my son's name on it . "
He was 22 years old and he was killed in combat outside of Baghdad , Matthew Stanley , before Christmas last year .
This was last August , a year ago .
And I said , " I will -- I will wear his bracelet with honor . "
And this was August , a year ago .
And then she said , " But , Senator McCain , I want you to do everything -- promise me one thing , that you 'll do everything in your power to make sure that my son 's death was not in vain . "
That means that that mission succeeds , just like those young people who re-enlisted in Baghdad , just like the mother I met at the airport the other day whose son was killed .
And they all say to me that we do n't want defeat .
MCCAIN : A war that I was in , where we had an Army , that it was n't through any fault of their own , but they were defeated .
And I know how hard it is for that -- for an Army and a military to recover from that .
And it did and we will win this one and we wo n't come home in defeat and dishonor and probably have to go back if we fail .
OBAMA : Jim , let me just make a point .
I 've got a bracelet , too , from Sergeant - from the mother of Sergeant Ryan David Jopeck , sure another mother is not going through what I 'm going through .
No U.S. soldier ever dies in vain because they 're carrying out the missions of their commander in chief .
And we honor all the service that they 've provided .
Our troops have performed brilliantly .
The question is for the next president , are we making good judgments about how to keep America safe precisely because sending our military into battle is such an enormous step .
And the point that I originally made is that we took our eye off Afghanistan , we took our eye off the folks who perpetrated 9/11 , they are still sending out videotapes and Senator McCain , nobody is talking about defeat in Iraq , but I have to say we are having enormous problems in Afghanistan because of that decision .
And it is not true you have consistently been concerned about what happened in Afghanistan .
At one point , while you were focused on Iraq , you said well , we can " muddle through " Afghanistan .
You do n't muddle through the central front on terror and you do n't muddle through going after bin Laden .
You do n't muddle through stamping out the Taliban .
I think that is something we have to take seriously .
And when I 'm president , I will .
LEHRER : New ...
MCCAIN : You might think that with that kind of concern that Senator Obama would have gone to Afghanistan , particularly given his responsibilities as a subcommittee chairman .
By the way , when I 'm subcommittee chairman , we take up the issues under my subcommittee .
But the important thing is -- the important thing is I visited Afghanistan and I traveled to Waziristan and I traveled to these places and I know what our security requirements are .
I know what our needs are .
So the point is that we will prevail in Afghanistan , but we need the new strategy and we need it to succeed .
But the important thing is , if we suffer defeat in Iraq , which General Petraeus predicts we will , if we adopted Senator Obama 's set date for withdrawal , then that will have a calamitous effect in Afghanistan and American national security interests in the region .
Senator Obama does n't seem to understand there is a connected between the two .
LEHRER : I have some good news and bad news for the two of you .
You all are even on time , which is remarkable , considering we 've been going at it ...
OBAMA : A testimony to you , Jim .
LEHRER : I do n't know about that .
But the bad news is all my little five minute things have run over , so , anyhow , we 'll adjust as we get there .
But the amount of time is even .
New lead question .
And it goes two minutes to you , Senator McCain , what is your reading on the threat to Iran right now to the security of the United States ?
MCCAIN : My reading of the threat from Iran is that if Iran acquires nuclear weapons , it is an existential threat to the State of Israel and to other countries in the region because the other countries in the region will feel compelling requirement to acquire nuclear weapons as well .
Now we can not a second Holocaust .
Let 's just make that very clear .
What I have proposed for a long time , and I 've had conversation with foreign leaders about forming a league of democracies , let 's be clear and let 's have some straight talk .
The Russians are preventing significant action in the United Nations Security Council .
I have proposed a league of democracies , a group of people - a group of countries that share common interests , common values , common ideals , they also control a lot of the world 's economic power .
We could impose significant meaningful , painful sanctions on the Iranians that I think could have a beneficial effect .
The Iranians have a lousy government , so therefore their economy is lousy , even though they have significant oil revenues .
So I am convinced that together , we can , with the French , with the British , with the Germans and other countries , democracies around the world , we can affect Iranian behavior .
But have no doubt , but have no doubt that the Iranians continue on the path to the acquisition of a nuclear weapon as we speak tonight .
And it is a threat not only in this region but around the world .
What I 'd also like to point out the Iranians are putting the most lethal IEDs into Iraq which are killing young Americans , there are special groups in Iran coming into Iraq and are being trained in Iran .
There is the Republican Guard in Iran , which Senator Kyl had an amendment in order to declare them a sponsor of terror .
Senator Obama said that would be provocative .
So this is a serious threat .
This is a serious threat to security in the world , and I believe we can act and we can act with our friends and allies and reduce that threat as quickly as possible , but have no doubt about the ultimate result of them acquiring nuclear weapons .
LEHRER : Two minutes on Iran , Senator Obama .
OBAMA : Well , let me just correct something very quickly .
I believe the Republican Guard of Iran is a terrorist organization .
I 've consistently said so .
What Senator McCain refers to is a measure in the Senate that would try to broaden the mandate inside of Iraq .
To deal with Iran .
And ironically , the single thing that has strengthened Iran over the last several years has been the war in Iraq .
Iraq was Iran 's mortal enemy .
That was cleared away .
And what we 've seen over the last several years is Iran 's influence grow .
They have funded Hezbollah , they have funded Hamas , they have gone from zero centrifuges to 4,000 centrifuges to develop a nuclear weapon .
So obviously , our policy over the last eight years has not worked .
Senator McCain is absolutely right , we cannot tolerate a nuclear Iran .
It would be a game changer .
Not only would it threaten Israel , a country that is our stalwart ally , but it would also create an environment in which you could set off an arms race in this Middle East .
Now here 's what we need to do .
We do need tougher sanctions .
I do not agree with Senator McCain that we 're going to be able to execute the kind of sanctions we need without some cooperation with some countries like Russia and China that are , I think Senator McCain would agree , not democracies , but have extensive trade with Iran but potentially have an interest in making sure Iran does n't have a nuclear weapon .
But we are also going to have to , I believe , engage in tough direct diplomacy with Iran and this is a major difference I have with Senator McCain , this notion by not talking to people we are punishing them has not worked .
It has not worked in Iran , it has not worked in North Korea .
In each instance , our efforts of isolation have actually accelerated their efforts to get nuclear weapons .
That will change when I 'm president of the United States .
LEHRER : Senator , what about talking ?
MCCAIN : Senator Obama twice said in debates he would sit down with Ahmadinejad , Chavez and Raul Castro without precondition .
Without precondition .
Here is Ahmadinenene [ mispronunciation ] , Ahmadinejad , who is , Ahmadinejad , who is now in New York , talking about the extermination of the State of Israel , of wiping Israel off the map , and we 're going to sit down , without precondition , across the table , to legitimize and give a propaganda platform to a person that is espousing the extermination of the state of Israel , and therefore then giving them more credence in the world arena and therefore saying , they 've probably been doing the right thing , because you will sit down across the table from them and that will legitimize their illegal behavior .
The point is that throughout history , whether it be Ronald Reagan , who would n't sit down with Brezhnev , Andropov or Chernenko until Gorbachev was ready with glasnost and perestroika .
Or whether it be Nixon 's trip to China , which was preceded by Henry Kissinger , many times before he went .
Look , I 'll sit down with anybody , but there 's got to be pre-conditions .
Those pre-conditions would apply that we would n't legitimize with a face to face meeting , a person like Ahmadinejad .
Now , Senator Obama said , without preconditions .
OBAMA : So let 's talk about this .
First of all , Ahmadinejad is not the most powerful person in Iran .
So he may not be the right person to talk to .
But I reserve the right , as president of the United States to meet with anybody at a time and place of my choosing if I think it 's going to keep America safe .
And I 'm glad that Senator McCain brought up the history , the bipartisan history of us engaging in direct diplomacy .
Senator McCain mentioned Henry Kissinger , who 's one of his advisers , who , along with five recent secretaries of state , just said that we should meet with Iran -- guess what -- without precondition .
This is one of your own advisers .
Now , understand what this means " without preconditions . "
It does n't mean that you invite them over for tea one day .
What it means is that we do n't do what we 've been doing , which is to say , " Until you agree to do exactly what we say , we wo n't have direct contacts with you . "
There 's a difference between preconditions and preparation .
Of course we 've got to do preparations , starting with low - level diplomatic talks , and it may not work , because Iran is a rogue regime .
But I will point out that I was called naive when I suggested that we need to look at exploring contacts with Iran .
And you know what ?
President Bush recently sent a senior ambassador , Bill Burns , to participate in talks with the Europeans around the issue of nuclear weapons .
Again , it may not work , but if it does n't work , then we have strengthened our ability to form alliances to impose the tough sanctions that Senator McCain just mentioned .
And when we have n't done it , as in North Korea -- let me just take one more example -- in North Korea , we cut off talks .
They 're a member of the axis of evil .
We can't deal with them .
And you know what happened ?
They went -- they quadrupled their nuclear capacity .
They tested a nuke .
They tested missiles .
They pulled out of the nonproliferation agreement .
And they sent nuclear secrets , potentially , to countries like Syria .
When we re-engaged -- because , again , the Bush administration reversed course on this -- then we have at least made some progress , although right now , because of the problems in North Korea , we are seeing it on shaky ground .
And -- and I just -- so I just have to make this general point that the Bush administration , some of Senator McCain 's own advisers all think this is important , and Senator McCain appears resistant .
He even said the other day that he would not meet potentially with the prime minister of Spain , because he -- you know , he was n't sure whether they were aligned with us .
I mean , Spain ?
Spain is a NATO ally .
MCCAIN : Of course .
OBAMA : If we can't meet with our friends , I do n't know how we 're going to lead the world in terms of dealing with critical issues like terrorism .
MCCAIN : I 'm not going to set the White House visitors schedule before I 'm president of the United States .
I do n't even have a seal yet .
Look , Dr. Kissinger did not say that he would approve of face - to- face meetings between the president of the United States and the president -- and Ahmadinejad .
He did not say that .
OBAMA : Of course not .
MCCAIN : He said that there could be secretary - level and lower level meetings .
I 've always encouraged them .
The Iranians have met with Ambassador Crocker in Baghdad .
What Senator Obama does n't seem to understand that if without precondition you sit down across the table from someone who has called Israel a " stinking corpse , " and wants to destroy that country and wipe it off the map , you legitimize those comments .
This is dangerous .
It is n't just naive ; it 's dangerous .
And so we just have a fundamental difference of opinion .
As far as North Korea is concerned , our secretary of state , Madeleine Albright , went to North Korea .
By the way , North Korea , most repressive and brutal regime probably on Earth .
The average South Korean is three inches taller than the average North Korean , a huge gulag .
We do n't know what the status of the dear leader 's health is today , but we know this , that the North Koreans have broken every agreement that they 've entered into .
And we ought to go back to a little bit of Ronald Reagan 's " trust , but verify , " and certainly not sit down across the table from -- without precondition , as Senator Obama said he did twice , I mean , it 's just dangerous .
OBAMA : Look , I mean , Senator McCain keeps on using this example that suddenly the president would just meet with somebody without doing any preparation , without having low - level talks .
Nobody 's been talking about that , and Senator McCain knows it .
This is a mischaracterization of my position .
When we talk about preconditions -- and Henry Kissinger did say we should have contacts without preconditions -- the idea is that we do not expect to solve every problem before we initiate talks .
And , you know , the Bush administration has come to recognize that it has n't worked , this notion that we are simply silent when it comes to our enemies .
And the notion that we would sit with Ahmadinejad and not say anything while he 's spewing his nonsense and his vile comments is ridiculous .
Nobody is even talking about that .
MCCAIN : So let me get this right .
We sit down with Ahmadinejad , and he says , " We 're going to wipe Israel off the face of the Earth , " and we say , " No , you 're not " ?
Oh , please .
OBAMA : No , let me tell ...
MCCAIN : By the way , my friend , Dr. Kissinger , who 's been my friend for 35 years , would be interested to hear this conversation and Senator Obama 's depiction of his -- of his positions on the issue .
I 've known him for 35 years .
OBAMA : We will take a look .
MCCAIN : And I guarantee you he would not -- he would not say that presidential top level .
OBAMA : Nobody 's talking about that .
MCCAIN : Of course he encourages and other people encourage contacts , and negotiations , and all other things .
We do that all the time .
LEHRER : We 're going to go to a new ...
MCCAIN : And Senator Obama is parsing words when he says precondition means preparation .
OBAMA : I am not parsing words .
MCCAIN : He 's parsing words , my friends .
OBAMA : I 'm using the same words that your advisers use .
Please , go ahead .
LEHRER : New lead question .
Russia , goes to you , two minutes , Senator Obama .
How do you see the relationship with Russia ?
Do you see them as a competitor ?
Do you see them as an enemy ?
Do you see them as a potential partner ?
OBAMA : Well , I think that , given what 's happened over the last several weeks and months , our entire Russian approach has to be evaluated , because a resurgent and very aggressive Russia is a threat to the peace and stability of the region .
Their actions in Georgia were unacceptable .
They were unwarranted .
And at this point , it is absolutely critical for the next president to make clear that we have to follow through on our six - party -- or the six - point cease - fire .
They have to remove themselves from South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
It is absolutely important that we have a unified alliance and that we explain to the Russians that you cannot be a 21st - century superpower , or power , and act like a 20th - century dictatorship .
And we also have to affirm all the fledgling democracies in that region , you know , the Estonians , the Lithuanians , the Latvians , the Poles , the Czechs , that we are , in fact , going to be supportive and in solidarity with them in their efforts .
They are members of NATO .
And to countries like Georgia and the Ukraine , I think we have to insist that they are free to join NATO if they meet the requirements , and they should have a membership action plan immediately to start bringing them in .
Now , we also can't return to a Cold War posture with respect to Russia .
It 's important that we recognize there are going to be some areas of common interest .
One is nuclear proliferation .
They have not only 15,000 nuclear warheads , but they 've got enough to make another 40,000 , and some of those loose nukes could fall into the hands of al Qaeda .
This is an area where I 've led on in the Senate , working with a Republican ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Dick Lugar , to deal with the proliferation of loose nuclear weapons .
That 's an area where we 're going to have to work with Russia .
But we have to have a president who is clear that you do n't deal with Russia based on staring into his eyes and seeing his soul .
You deal with Russia based on , what are your -- what are the national security interests of the United States of America ?
And we have to recognize that the way they 've been behaving lately demands a sharp response from the international community and our allies .
LEHRER : Two minutes on Russia , Senator McCain .
MCCAIN : Well , I was interested in Senator Obama 's reaction to the Russian aggression against Georgia .
His first statement was , " Both sides ought to show restraint . "
Again , a little bit of naivete there .
He does n't understand that Russia committed serious aggression against Georgia .
And Russia has now become a nation fueled by petro-dollars that is basically a KGB apparatchik - run government .
I looked into Mr. Putin 's eyes , and I saw three letters , a " K , " a " G , " and a " B. "
And their aggression in Georgia is not acceptable behavior .
I do n't believe we 're going to go back to the Cold War .
I am sure that that will not happen .
But I do believe that we need to bolster our friends and allies .
And that was n't just about a problem between Georgia and Russia .
It had everything to do with energy .
There 's a pipeline that runs from the Caspian through Georgia through Turkey .
And , of course , we know that the Russians control other sources of energy into Europe , which they have used from time to time .
It 's not accidental that the presidents of Latvia , Estonia , Lithuania , Poland , and Ukraine flew to Georgia , flew to Tbilisi , where I have spent significant amount of time with a great young president , Misha Saakashvili .
MCCAIN : And they showed solidarity with them , but , also , they are very concerned about the Russian threats to regain their status of the old Russian to regain their status of the old Russian empire .
Now , I think the Russians ought to understand that we will support -- we , the United States -- will support the inclusion of Georgia and Ukraine in the natural process , inclusion into NATO .
We also ought to make it very clear that the Russians are in violation of their cease - fire agreement .
They have stationed additional troops in Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
By the way , I went there once , and we went inside and drove in , and there was a huge poster .
And this is -- this is Georgian territory .
And there was a huge poster of Vladimir Putin , and it said , " Vladimir Putin , our president . "
It was very clear , the Russian intentions towards Georgia .
They were just waiting to seize the opportunity .
So , this is a very difficult situation .
We want to work with the Russians .
But we also have every right to expect the Russians to behave in a fashion and keeping with a -- with a -- with a country who respects international boundaries and the norms of international behavior .
And watch Ukraine .
This whole thing has got a lot to do with Ukraine , Crimea , the base of the Russian fleet in Sevastopol .
And the breakdown of the political process in Ukraine between Tymoshenko and Yushchenko is a very serious problem .
So watch Ukraine , and let 's make sure that we -- that the Ukrainians understand that we are their friend and ally .
LEHRER : You see any -- do you have a major difference with what he just said ?
OBAMA : No , actually , I think Senator McCain and I agree for the most part on these issues .
Obviously , I disagree with this notion that somehow we did not forcefully object to Russians going into Georgia .
I immediately said that this was illegal and objectionable .
And , absolutely , I wanted a cessation of the violence , because it put an enormous strain on Georgia , and that 's why I was the first to say that we have to rebuild the Georgian economy and called for a billion dollars that has now gone in to help them rebuild .
Because part of Russia 's intentions here was to weaken the economy to the point where President Saakashvili was so weakened that he might be replaced by somebody that Putin favored more .
Two points I think are important to think about when it comes to Russia .
No . 1 is we have to have foresight and anticipate some of these problems .
So back in April , I warned the administration that you had Russian peacekeepers in Georgian territory .
That made no sense whatsoever .
And what we needed to do was replace them with international peacekeepers and a special envoy to resolve the crisis before it boiled over .
That was n't done .
But had it been done , it 's possible we could have avoided the issue .
The second point I want to make is -- is the issue of energy .
Russia is in part resurgent and Putin is feeling powerful because of petro-dollars , as Senator McCain mentioned .
That means that we , as one of the biggest consumers of oil -- 25 percent of the world 's oil -- have to have an energy strategy not just to deal with Russia , but to deal with many of the rogue states we 've talked about , Iran , Venezuela .
And that means , yes , increasing domestic production and off - shore drilling , but we only have 3 percent of the world 's oil supplies and we use 25 percent of the world 's oil .
So we can't simply drill our way out of the problem .
What we 're going to have to do is to approach it through alternative energy , like solar , and wind , and biodiesel , and , yes , nuclear energy , clean - coal technology .
And , you know , I 've got a plan for us to make a significant investment over the next 10 years to do that .
And I have to say , Senator McCain and I , I think agree on the importance of energy , but Senator McCain mentioned earlier the importance of looking at a record .
Over 26 years , Senator McCain voted 23 times against alternative energy , like solar , and wind , and biodiesel .
And so we -- we -- we 've got to walk the walk and not just talk the talk when it comes to energy independence , because this is probably going to be just as vital for our economy and the pain that people are feeling at the pump -- and , you know , winter 's coming and home heating oil -- as it is our national security and the issue of climate change that 's so important .
LEHRER : We 've got time for one more lead question segment .
We 're way out of ...
LEHRER : Quick response and then ...
MCCAIN : No one from Arizona is against solar .
And Senator Obama says he 's for nuclear , but he 's against reprocessing and he 's against storing .
So ...
OBAMA : That 's just not true , John .
John , I 'm sorry , but that 's not true .
MCCAIN : ... it 's hard to get there from here .
And off - shore drilling is also something that is very important and it is a bridge .
And we know that , if we drill off - shore and exploit a lot of these reserves , it will help , at temporarily , relieve our energy requirements .
And it will have , I think , an important effect on the price of a barrel of oil .
OBAMA : I just have to respond very quickly , just to correct -- just to correct the record .
MCCAIN : So I want to say that , with the Nunn - Lugar thing ...
LEHRER : Excuse me , Senator .
OBAMA : John ?
MCCAIN : ... I supported Nunn - Lugar back in the early 1990s when a lot of my colleagues did n't .
That was the key legislation at the time and put us on the road to eliminating this issue of nuclear waste and the nuclear fuel that has to be taken care of .
OBAMA : I -- I just have to correct the record here .
I have never said that I object to nuclear waste .
What I 've said is that we have to store it safely .
And , Senator McCain , he says -- he talks about Arizona .
LEHRER : All right .
OBAMA : I 've got to make this point , Jim .
LEHRER : OK .
OBAMA : He objects ...
MCCAIN : I have voted for alternate fuel all of my time ...
OBAMA : He -- he -- he objects ...
LEHRER : One at a time , please .
OBAMA : He objected ...
LEHRER : One at a time .
MCCAIN : No one can be opposed to alternate energy .
OBAMA : All right , fair enough .
Let 's move on .
You 've got one more energy -- you 've got one more question .
LEHRER : This is the last -- last lead question .
You have two minutes each .
And the question is this , beginning with you , Senator McCain .
What do you think the likelihood is that there would be another 9/11 - type attack on the continental United States ?
MCCAIN : I think it 's much less than it was the day after 9/11 .
I think it -- that we have a safer nation , but we are a long way from safe .
And I want to tell you that one of the things I 'm most proud of , among others , because I have worked across the aisle .
I have a long record on that , on a long series of reforms .
But after 9/11 , Senator Joe Lieberman and I decided that we needed a commission , and that was a commission to investigate 9/11 , and find out what happened , and fix it .
And we were -- we were opposed by the administration , another area where I differed with this administration .
And we were stymied until the families of 9/11 came , and they descended on Washington , and we got that legislation passed .
And there were a series of recommendations , as I recall , more than 40 .
And I 'm happy to say that we 've gotten written into law most of those reforms recommended by that commission .
I 'm proud of that work , again , bipartisan , reaching across the aisle , working together , Democrat and Republican alike .
So we have a long way to go in our intelligence services .
We have to do a better job in human intelligence .
And we 've got to -- to make sure that we have people who are trained interrogators so that we do n't ever torture a prisoner ever again .
We have to make sure that our technological and intelligence capabilities are better .
We have to work more closely with our allies .
I know our allies , and I can work much more closely with them .
But I can tell you that I think America is safer today than it was on 9/11 .
But that does n't mean that we do n't have a long way to go .
And I 'd like to remind you , also , as a result of those recommendations , we 've probably had the largest reorganization of government since we established the Defense Department .
And I think that those men and women in those agencies are doing a great job .
But we still have a long way to go before we can declare America safe , and that means doing a better job along our borders , as well .
LEHRER : Two minutes , Senator Obama .
OBAMA : Well , first of all , I think that we are safer in some ways .
Obviously , we 've poured billions of dollars into airport security .
We have done some work in terms of securing potential targets , but we still have a long way to go .
We 've got to make sure that we 're hardening our chemical sites .
We have n't done enough in terms of transit ; we have n't done enough in terms of ports .
And the biggest threat that we face right now is not a nuclear missile coming over the skies .
It 's in a suitcase .
This is why the issue of nuclear proliferation is so important .
It is the -- the biggest threat to the United States is a terrorist getting their hands on nuclear weapons .
And we -- we are spending billions of dollars on missile defense .
And I actually believe that we need missile defense , because of Iran and North Korea and the potential for them to obtain or to launch nuclear weapons , but I also believe that , when we are only spending a few hundred million dollars on nuclear proliferation , then we 're making a mistake .
The other thing that we have to focus on , though , is al Qaeda .
They are now operating in 60 countries .
We can't simply be focused on Iraq .
We have to go to the root cause , and that is in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
That 's going to be critical .
We are going to need more cooperation with our allies .
And one last point I want to make .
It is important for us to understand that the way we are perceived in the world is going to make a difference , in terms of our capacity to get cooperation and root out terrorism .
And one of the things that I intend to do as president is to restore America 's standing in the world .
We are less respected now than we were eight years ago or even four years ago .
OBAMA : And this is the greatest country on Earth .
But because of some of the mistakes that have been made -- and I give Senator McCain great credit on the torture issue , for having identified that as something that undermines our long - term security -- because of those things , we , I think , are going to have a lot of work to do in the next administration to restore that sense that America is that shining beacon on a hill .
LEHRER : Do you agree there 's much to be done in a new administration to restore ...
MCCAIN : But in the case of missile defense , Senator Obama said it had to be , quote , " proven . "
That was n't proven when Ronald Reagan said we would do SDI , which is missile defense .
And it was major -- a major factor in bringing about the end of the Cold War .
We seem to come full circle again .
Senator Obama still does n't quite understand -- or does n't get it -- that if we fail in Iraq , it encourages al Qaeda .
They would establish a base in Iraq .
The consequences of defeat , which would result from his plan of withdrawal and according to date certain , regardless of conditions , according to our military leaders , according to every expert , would lead to defeat -- possible defeat , loss of all the fragile sacrifice that we 've made of American blood and treasure , which grieves us all .
All of that would be lost if we followed Senator Obama 's plan to have specific dates with withdrawal , regardless of conditions on the ground .
And General Petraeus says we have had great success , but it 's very fragile .
And we can't do what Senator Obama wants to do .
That is the central issue of our time .
And I think Americans will judge very seriously as to whether that 's the right path or the wrong path and who should be the next president of the United States .
LEHRER : You see the same connections that Senator McCain does ?
OBAMA : Oh , there 's no doubt .
Look , over the last eight years , this administration , along with Senator McCain , have been solely focused on Iraq .
That has been their priority .
That has been where all our resources have gone .
In the meantime , bin Laden is still out there .
He is not captured .
He is not killed .
Al Qaeda is resurgent .
In the meantime , we 've got challenges , for example , with China , where we are borrowing billions of dollars .
They now hold a trillion dollars ' worth of our debt .
And they are active in countries like -- in regions like Latin America , and Asia , and Africa .
They are -- the conspicuousness of their presence is only matched by our absence , because we 've been focused on Iraq .
We have weakened our capacity to project power around the world because we have viewed everything through this single lens , not to mention , look at our economy .
We are now spending $ 10 billion or more every month .
And that means we can't provide health care to people who need it .
We can't invest in science and technology , which will determine whether or not we are going to be competitive in the long term .
There has never been a country on Earth that saw its economy decline and yet maintained its military superiority .
So this is a national security issue .
We have n't adequately funded veterans ' care .
I sit on the Veterans Affairs Committee , and we 've got -- I meet veterans all across the country who are trying to figure out , " How can I get disability payments ?
I 've got post - traumatic stress disorder , and yet I can't get treatment . "
So we have put all chips in , right there , and nobody is talking about losing this war .
What we are talking about is recognizing that the next president has to have a broader strategic vision about all the challenges that we face .
That 's been missing over the last eight years .
That sense is something that I want to restore .
MCCAIN : I 've been involved , as I mentioned to you before , in virtually every major national security challenge we 've faced in the last 20 - some years .
There are some advantages to experience , and knowledge , and judgment .
And I -- and I honestly do n't believe that Senator Obama has the knowledge or experience and has made the wrong judgments in a number of areas , including his initial reaction to Russian invasion -- aggression in Georgia , to his -- you know , we 've seen this stubbornness before in this administration to cling to a belief that somehow the surge has not succeeded and failing to acknowledge that he was wrong about the surge is -- shows to me that we -- that -- that we need more flexibility in a president of the United States than that .
As far as our other issues that he brought up are concerned , I know the veterans .
I know them well .
And I know that they know that I 'll take care of them .
And I 've been proud of their support and their recognition of my service to the veterans .
And I love them .
And I 'll take care of them .
And they know that I 'll take care of them .
And that 's going to be my job .
But , also , I have the ability , and the knowledge , and the background to make the right judgments , to keep this country safe and secure .
Reform , prosperity , and peace , these are major challenges to the United States of America .
I do n't think I need any on - the - job training .
I 'm ready to go at it right now .
OBAMA : Well , let me just make a closing point .
You know , my father came from Kenya .
That 's where I get my name .
And in the '60s , he wrote letter after letter to come to college here in the United States because the notion was that there was no other country on Earth where you could make it if you tried .
The ideals and the values of the United States inspired the entire world .
I do n't think any of us can say that our standing in the world now , the way children around the world look at the United States , is the same .
And part of what we need to do , what the next president has to do -- and this is part of our judgment , this is part of how we 're going to keep America safe -- is to -- to send a message to the world that we are going to invest in issues like education , we are going to invest in issues that -- that relate to how ordinary people are able to live out their dreams .
And that is something that I 'm going to be committed to as president of the United States .
LEHRER : Few seconds .
We 're almost finished .
MCCAIN : Jim , when I came home from prison , I saw our veterans being very badly treated , and it made me sad .
And I embarked on an effort to resolve the POW - MIA issue , which we did in a bipartisan fashion , and then I worked on normalization of relations between our two countries so that our veterans could come all the way home .
I guarantee you , as president of the United States , I know how to heal the wounds of war , I know how to deal with our adversaries , and I know how to deal with our friends .
LEHRER : And that ends this debate tonight .
On October 2 , next Thursday , also at 9:00 p.m. Eastern time , the two vice presidential candidates will debate at Washington University in St. Louis .
My PBS colleague , Gwen Ifill , will be the moderator .
For now , from Oxford , Mississippi , thank you , senators , both .
I 'm Jim Lehrer .
Thank you , and good night .
All About Mississippi • Barack Obama • John McCain
Not a great exchange as the dominant theme in the election turns to economic distress and foreclosures :
Senator John McCain said in an interview Wednesday that he was uncertain how many houses he and his wife , Cindy , own .
" I think I 'll have my staff get to you , " McCain told Politico in Las Cruces , N.M. " It 's condominiums where I 'll have them get to you . "
The correct answer is at least four , located in Arizona , California and Virginia , according to his staff .
Newsweek estimated this summer that the couple owns at least seven properties .
F AN W ING
news
Paris Air Show , June 15 - 21 , 2015
DLR are presenting material on the EU - funded SOAR project based on the FanWing technology .
Visit Statique B8 , Hall 2C , C357
A workshop on the SOAR project will also be held at the show Wednesday June 17 from 15.00 - 17.00 , by invitation .
For more details click on image below .
November 2014
The FanWing company has now formally completed its first year of the two - year European Union joint project , working with the German Aerospace and Space Research Centre DLR , the University of Saarland and the Belgian Von Karman Institute .
Information on 2014 progress , second - year project activity ( DLR ) and future team plans can be found on the SOAR project website : soar - project.eu
SOAR Team Meeting , London , October 2014 : ( left to right ) Guillermo Paniagua ( VKI ) , Chris May ( University of Saarland ) , George Seyfang ( FanWing Ltd. ) , Pat Peebles ( FanWing Ltd. ) , Arne Bachmann ( DLR ) , Jonathan Gibbs ) DLR )
Wind - tunnel tests at the Von Karman Institute 2014 .
December 2013
European Union FP7 Award
The FanWing company is pleased to announce that it has become joint recipient for a European Union Award .
The new two - year research and development SOAR project aims to optimise the originally patented FanWing rotor and wingshape and explore feasibility of a full - size cargo - lifting FanWing ( see image below ) .
DLR , the German Aerospace and Space Research Centre , led the original award application .
They will administer the project and provide final data documentation for the EU .
Test models and oversight throughout the project will be provided by the FanWing Company in consultation with George Seyfang .
The University of Saarland will provide motors and the actuation process for the rotors .
The Von Karman Institute , Belgium will provide wind - tunnel tests and CFD analysis .
For further details see http://cordis.europa.eu/projects/rcn/110975_en.html
July 2012
FanWing at Oshkosh 2012 July 23 - 29
A small FanWing model will be on static exhibit at the EAA ( Experimental Aircraft Association ) AirVenture annual event at Oshkosh , Wisconsin , USA .
The stand is in the Innovation Hangar South .
For further information contact peebles@fanwing.com
December 2011
CEAS Conference , Venice , October 2011 : George Seyfang presentation - see Recent Developments of the FanWing Aircraft
First experimental ultralight / LSA manned demonstrator now planned for 2013 - see AOPA online
Images by Adrian Mann © FanWing Ltd. 2011
July 2011
FanWing Modified TwinTail 2011
Proof of Concept : New Efficiency , Speed Range , Stability
TwinTail FanWing Prototype - Flight Test July 2011 **
Recent FanWing development has been based on a collaboration between FanWing inventor Pat Peebles and former BAE Principal Concepts Engineer George Seyfang .
Following two series of wind - tunnel tests and analysis from January - June 2011 the newly modified TwinTail prototype was first flight tested June 18th and most recently July 16th 2011 .
The twin tails avoid the strong downdraft immediately behind the rotor - wing and simultaneously exploit the updraft from the wingtip vortex .
The new development is based on an original suggestion from Seyfang and continues to improve efficiency , speed and stability with the FanWing now capable of reaching speeds of over 70 km/h .
The lower end of the flight envelope ( performance at low speeds ) was also tested with improved stability at between 20 – 30 km/h .
*° Photo shows onboard flow indicators ( tufts ) and angle - of - attack front sensor .
Royal Aeronautical Society Lecture
September 2011 Pat Peebles and George Seyfang will deliver a joint presentation at the Broughton Airbus Lecture Theatre UK at the invitation of the Royal Aeronautical Society , Chester .
Venice Council of European Aerospace Societies Conference
October 2011 George Seyfang will present a paper on the FanWing to the CEAS Conference in Venice .
First Flight Test of Modified TwinTail FanWing , June 2011 - flight video
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
September 22 2010
FanWing Next Generation
Proof of OHS Concept : First Flight Test Completed
New Concept , New Collaboration Pat Peebles has recently confirmed a new phase of FanWing development with a radically modified design to increase efficiency .
The new experiments are based on suggestions by former Principal Future Concept Engineer for BAe Warton , George Seyfang .
Seyfang , previously involved in major BAe projects including the Typhoon , the Harrier and the Concorde , has for many years been interested in potential heavy - lift aircraft solutions .
Now working independently , he contacted Peebles early this year with suggestions including speed maximization and also increase of efficiency based on the theory of ' Outboard Horizontal Stabilisers ' .
( The OHS configuration uses the updraft from the wingtip vortex . )
Following a series of discussions and a non-disclosure agreement , Peebles and Seyfang have now made development plans for a new private collaborative project .
Preliminary OHS concept feasibility flight tests carried out in July in the UK were already positive and now Peebles reports a successfully sustained test flight on the completed new prototype with swift take - off and improved stability and controllability .
Peebles comments : " The onboard data logging will provide details regarding efficiencies , but so far as we can judge from this flight , the new prototype seems to be flight performing beyond predictions . "
Seyfang and Peebles will also work together on wing improvements for speed .
Wind - tunnel tests are due to start in October Video footage of the newest test will follow shortly .
See Tim Robinson 's Royal Aeronautical Society Blog for September 17 : http://www.aerosocietychannel.com/2010/09/exclusive-fanwing-uav-spins-up-for-speed-test/#more-2675
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
July 2010
FanWing flies at Farnborough Air Show
Photos by Andrew Kayes
FanWing took part in Farnborough Airshow 's first outdoor UAV/S flight displays July 19th , 20th , 21st and 22nd .
The technology demonstrator was flown by Tony Brock from the Paul Heckles School of Flying .
Pat Peebles attended with associate Mike Bednall and with Andrew Thorndyke and Paul Hallahan from Frost and Sullivan .
The FanWing UAV as demonstrated at Farnborough is a modified version of the airframe that flew previously in Wales as shown on the home page of this site .
The flight zone was placed too far from the spectator area for professional coverage but an amateur video of the July 22 flight is now available on YouTube .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zc2RSuW1Mbw
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
April 2010
Under commercial discussion this year in China , the US and Israel have been development and manufacture of unmanned and manned FanWing airframes for cargo and emergency aid delivery and unmanned airframes to be used for remote sensing in crop surveillance .
Images of some of the projected applications under discussion are shown below .
A look at the future ...
Cargo UAV 300 kg empty weight 600 kg MTOW wingspan :10 m wingloading : 60kg / m2 rotorspan : 8 m engines : 2x40 hp flight speed : 40kt KIAS ( 60 @ 6,000 m )
Sky Truck MTOW : 13,000 kg Take - off distance : 100 m Cruise speed : 80 KIAS ( 120 kt @ 6,000 m ) Wingspan 22 m Cargo volume 36 m3 Engines 2xRR250
Images Adrian Mann © FanWing Ltd. 2010
August 2009
Contact peebles@fanwing.com for business information and details of company representatives .
Wing / Rotor Design Developments
Early linear test flights on new rotor and wing - shape modifications show an unexpected rise in efficiency .
Onboard measurements are limited but so far indicate up to 35 grams per watt where previous efficiencies were in the order of 29 .
Hungary and Lithuania Conferences
FanWing inventor / developer Pat Peebles attended the Hungarian Institute of Aerospace Defence annual UAS conference in April as a guest to respond to questions regarding the opening paper and PowerPoint on the FanWing presented by UAS electronics authority Professor Imre Makkay .
The presentation paper and PowerPoint had been previously presented by Professor Makkay at an international aerospace conference in Vilnius April 16 , 2009 .
Washington Meetings
Pat Peebles will be in Washington DC August 5 - 13 attending the AUVSI ..
December 2008
Steps towards commercialization
The FanWing company has recently moved from pure R&D into early - stage commercialisation .
Now near finalising its first non-exclusive licensing agreement for production of a surveillance platform ( the company in question has since disappeared off the radar ... ) , the company is also in discussions regarding developments exploiting security surveillance advantages and potential heavy - lift efficiency and land - use advantages of larger short / vertical - take - off applications .
Pat Peebles , inventor of the FanWing , comments : ' The commercial turning point began in the summer when people from several countries could see for themselves that this odd machine flew with stability , clear control and very short take - off even at these still early stages .
We continue to have credibility issues but it seems that a lot more people are looking at performance and potential now rather than appearances and traditional academic or establishment company provenance .'
A new spin on the rotors
Pat Peebles comments about new rotor modifications : '
The prototype flew well in its first public flight test in June , but those rotors were in fact not at optimum performance and I am continually modifying the design .
The take - off and stability performance are as it stands apparently already commercially interesting but what excites me is that potential efficiency results once we move into development with full resources can only improve . '
New IP for vertical / short take - off and landing
The FanWing company has recently completed formal stages to take forward the most recent VSTOL patent , a modification in design to enable short or vertical take - off and landing , to National Phase in over forty countries .
Media
For most recent coverage see the video flight and interview , or for cover of the public UAV event and Farnborough see Armada International and Aerospace International .
For a more detailed focus on the FanWing development see Aerospace Testing International for September / October .
August 2008
FanWing STOL surveillance prototype exhibited at Farnborough
Following the first public demonstration flights at ParcAberporth in June ( see items below ) the company exhibited the commercial prototype UAV platform , aimed initially at urban surveillance roles , on the Farnborough Aerospace Consortium ( FAC ) stand at the Farnborough Air Show .
The filmed demonstration flight of this same model and interview with Peebles can be seen on the YouTube link below , or see Rob Coppinger 's blog : http://www.flightglobal.com/blogs/flight-international/2008/07/video-exclusive-revolutionary.html
UAV pilot Mark Easey at Farnborough Air Show with Pat Peebles
July 2008
FanWing takes off in a new field
The FanWing Company gave its first public flight demonstration during the international annual Unmanned Systems ParcAberporth Event in Wales in June .
Pat Peebles , FanWing inventor and company director , with professional fulltime UAV test pilot Mark Easey , standing in at the last minute , flew the recently modified STOL UAV prototype in two successful flights filmed during practice and then shown onscreen .
Both the cameraman and the UAV pilot Mark Easey , initially bemused by the odd appearance of the aircraft , were surprised not only by the short take - off but also by the stability of the two flights even in gusty wind conditions , with Easey commenting : " No doubt about it - this aircraft will fly up and down streets and round corners . "
The flight videos will be available on this website later this month and will also be shown at the Farnborough Air Show July 14th - 18th - see item below .
Appreciation to the OnScreen Productions film company ; FanWing advisor Mike Bednall ; Andrew Chadwick and Mark Easey ; Barrie Forster , Mike Wild , Diana Lloyd - Kerry , and all other West Wales Airport and all PAUS 08 organisers and assistants .
Aerospace business consultant Mike Bednall , Pat Peebles and UAV pilot Mark Easey and the FanWing at ParcAberporth June 2008
FanWing at Farnborough
The STOL model prototype flown at ParcAberporth and photographed above will be on static display at the Farnborough Air Show July 14th - 18th inclusive in Hall 4 , E13 as part of the Farnborough Aerospace Consortium ( FAC ) exhibit .
.
Please note that it will not be available for viewing during the weekend .
FanWing directors Patrick Peebles and Dikla Peebles will be available to answer technical and business queries .
February 2008
FanWing at ParcAberporth
First public flight demonstration of FanWing unmanned prototypes are planned for the annual international ParcAberporth Unmanned Systems Event , Wales , UK , June 25th and 26th , 2008 .
September / October 2007
FanWing vectored - thrust model completes first full - circuit flight test
video clip : Sept 24 07 flight
' FanWing Shows Its Mettle ' : Thomas Withington , Unmanned Vehicles Magazine Articles
World Changing Ideas , a new book by Richard Myers and Bob Isherwood , Creative Directors of Saatchi&Saatchi based on the organisation 's international biennial innovation prizes , is now on sale and includes a section on the FanWing ..
Flight simulation and testing of the FanWing experimental aircraft ; Authors : O. Ahad , J.M.R. Graham ; Journal : Aircraft Engineering and Aerospace Technology ISSN : 0002 - 2667 Year : 2007 Volume : 79 Issue : 2
April / May 2007
The FanWing Vectored Thrust STOVL R&D prototype , a modification of the original patented FanWing design , is continuing control and stability tests and has now completed the second - phase Patent Cooperation Treaty application .
In a separate commercial development a new short - take - off ( STOL ) prototype UAV designed for easy assembly and transport and aimed at urban surveillance has just undertaken first full flight tests - see photos and video clip below and also two recent Rob Coppinger online pieces in Flight International : ( April ) ( May ) .
Pat Peebles will discuss the FanWing development as a guest panel speaker with Conference Chair Cmd Patrick Tyrrell OBE at the Military Geospatial Intelligence Conference , London May 30th .
New UAV STOL Prototype Tests
Dry Weight 6 kg Rotor Span 1.6 m Flight Speed 8 m/sec Engine electric 1.2 kw MTOW 12 kg Construction composite photos show 1 m .
roll take - off point in first and full power flight test March 31 2007
Video clip of second , complete circuit but lower - power ( longer roll ) test , April 2007 , to test control and stability .
Flight - test pilot Raffaele Moreschini .
Click on picture for download .
All photos and clips on this website © FanWing Ltd .
November 2006
First STOVL Prototype Flight Tests
first flight at 35° vectored thrust also at 35° at 45
°
preparing for first vertical take off at 90° vectored thrust first vertical tethered hop
Imperial College FanWing Ultralight Simulation AAU Project Award
Congratulations to Oliver Ahad and Imperial College on the recent Association of Aerospace Universities Award .
Oliver , recently graduated from Imperial College , presented for the competition his computer flight simulation programme based on Pat Peebles FanWing Ultralight initial design specifications .
The project was supervised by Professor J M R Graham and Dr Varnavas Serghides .
( More details are given in an earlier news item ) The John Barnes Award was presented to Oliver and Professor Graham at Imperial College in September .
For information on the Association 's activities , see www.aau.ac.uk
Presentation at Imperial College , London .
Left to right : John Farley OBE , Professor JMR Graham , Patrick Peebles , Oliver Ahad , Dikla Peebles , Dr John H Barnes
June 2006
FanWing Simulation : AAU Project Competition Finalist
Oliver Ahad 's FanWing Ultralight dissertation and simulation project , supervised at Imperial College by Professor JMR Graham and Dr Varnavas Serghides , has been selected this week as one of four finalists in the Association of Aerospace Universities annual Project Competition .
Oliver will present a PowerPoint of the project during the Farnborough Air Show Week on July 20th at Farnborough College .
A modified version of the simulation is available here : FanWing Ultralight Flight Simulation with the company 's thanks to Imperial College , Professor Graham and Oliver Ahad .
June 2006
VTOL Patent / First Outside Test
FanWing Ltd has deposited a new vertical - take - off patent application .
The initial outdoor linear test hop still on short take - off confirms feasibility of new structural design and efficiency as established previously in indoor tethered tests .
The only perceived structural weakness was on the undercarriage , still too light for efficient landing .
Next series of outdoor tests is planned for July .
Imperial College Simulation
The first piloted FanWing Ultralight simulation project at Imperial College , London carried out by Oliver Ahad supervised by Professor JMR Graham and Dr V. Serghides , was completed June 2006 .
The company hopes to have shortly available online a brief form of the programme .
March 2006
Imperial College Ultralight Simulation Project
Imperial College reports progress with the new FanWing Ultralight Simulation Project , January - May 31st 2006 .
The project will establish major flight performance and pilot - control characteristics for what will eventually act as a fire or other application surveillance manned or unmanned Ultralight FanWing aircraft .
Screen shots shown below are from the developing project of final - year Aeronautics student and pilot Oliver Ahad , whose FanWing Ultralight MSc dissertation is supervised by Professor J M R Graham in consultation with FanWing inventor Patrick Peebles .
Images are derived from Peebles 's specifications and computer graphics by Jon Linney , Open University KMi .
The Simulator used by Imperial College is a MOTUS Flight Simulation Device manufactured by Fidelity Flight Simulation Inc , Pittsburgh , USA .
The simulator can be configured to simulate a large range of standard civil and military aircraft , and also non-standard designs , using the Laminar Research X - Plane Flight Simulation software .
The cockpit seating and general instrumentation layout is configured to represent a typical light twin engine aircraft .
First VTOL Confirmation Tests
December 2005
Tethered workshop tests on a small FanWing prototype now confirm VTOL capability .
Specifications for the new prototype are : take - off weight : 6kg ; wingspan 1.4 m and speeds from 0 ( hover ) to 75 k ph .
A new IP application is now being initiated , after which more details will be available here .
The first outside flight - test procedure ( horizontal and then tethered vertical ) is predicted for February / March 2006 .
June / July 2005
FanWing Ultralight & VTOL Projects
London Development Agency Award funds first Manned FanWing Ultralight investment / partnership search
Following continued successful development with increased efficiencies of the UAV airframe prototype ( see UAV page ) , the FanWing Company are now taking steps with UK government backing towards finding major investment and partnership for a first manned aircraft Ultralight prototype .
Preliminary presentation designs of the proposed Ultralight FanWing with 3D images provided by the Open University 's Knowledge Media Institute , have been funded by a Jumpstart Connect Award to the Company by the UK Government 's London Development Agency ( LDA )
The design work will be followed by an Ultralight simulation project at Imperial College , London , to establish performance and control characteristics .
FanWing Ultralight with images created by Jon Linney , KMi , Open University , UK
AviationNow.com : First FanWing UAV VTOL prototype
UAV specialist writer Thomas Withington 's new FanWing piece based on a June interview at the Paris Air Show in the online aviation journal Aviation Now includes Pat Peebles plans for VTOL first small UAV prototype
February 2005
Following weather delays and mechanical setbacks with the new 35 cc 4 - cycle gasoline engine ( More powerful FanWing set to fly by Rob Coppinger , Flight International , November 2004 ) new UAV prototype flight tests have now been successfully completed .
Video clips are available on the UAV page .
Previously predicted endurance with good performance in medium strong winds is confirmed at a minimum 8hrs on 4 kg fuel with take - off weight of 20kg .
Based on present efficiency results vertical take - off potential is now brought forward with first tests predicted for later this year .
Press
" One of the few truly new aircraft since the Wright Brothers " -
The company had an unexpected boost when US science - writer Clive Thompson selected the FanWing for the New York Times ' 4th annual Year in Ideas .
His lively and supportive piece appeared in the NYT Sunday Magazine , December 2004 .
March issue Popular Science ( US ) also contains new coverage .
Tom Shelley has a new piece in Eureka Magazine ( UK )
PROFESSOR DAVID NICHOLAS , MBE
We report with great sadness the loss of our long - time UK Government business mentor and friend , Professor David Nicholas , a source of quick insight , enthusiasm and energy to all who knew him .
Involved in the original Hovercraft initiatives David from the earliest days of his professional life had an inside track on the frustrations and excitements of innovation development and became a committed and idealistic champion of new companies and individual inventors .
David was a natural connector of people with enormous personal warmth , brilliance and humour .
He will be greatly missed .
November 2004
" Revolution in the Air " Aerospace International
" It may be that the FanWing becomes as common as the helicopter " - a new article on the FanWing this month by Tim Robinson , News Editor of the Royal Aeronautical Society magazine , Aerospace International , concludes that the FanWing could just " herald the development of a whole new niche air vehicle . "
See the piece in full on this site 's articles page and for more details about the RAeSoc magazine see www.aerosociety.com .
Robert Thielicke interviews Pat Peebles on the FanWing development in the November issue of Focus Magazine , German edition .
More information with a link to this article later .
Independent Article
September 2004
Peter Popham for The Independent ( UK ) has written a generously complimentary piece .
We are grateful to the editors , Charles Arthur and to Mr Popham for the continued support of the FanWing project shown in this newspaper .
See www.rense.com/general57/davinci.htm
Farnborough International Air Show July 19th - 25th
July / August 2004
" Arguably the most unusual exhibit at the show , the diminutive FanWing unmanned air vehicle marks success in a new field of aerodynamics . "
- Brian Walters , writing in Aviation International News , helped to launch an unexpected new take - off for the FanWing Company in its debut public appearance at the Farnborough International Air Show .
" FanWing Proves Innovation is Alive " - Paul Jackson in Aviation Week : Farnborough Show News
Photographs by Daniel Peebles
Pictured in photographs from left to right , Pat and Dikla Peebles with stand visitors , Pat and Tony Pitt with Fred Clarke and Alex , Tony Pitt with stand visitors .
New Award Nomination
June 25th 2004
We are happy to report that the World Technology Network has announced its nomination of FanWing inventor Pat Peebles for one of its 2004 Awards .
The WTN awards are sponsored by CNN , Microsoft , NASDAQ , Science Magazine and Time Magazine .
Nominations are based on peer input from previous winners who are asked to select people who in their opinion will make most impact on the future in his / her particular field .
For more information see www.wtn.net.
FanWing Confirms Payload Increase / Farnborough Airshow Exhibit
June 6th 2004
New UAV developments have resulted in new take - off weight now at 21kg and still rising .
Speed is now up by 50 % on January measurements with a new control system and glide is now 1:4 .
FanWing Limited has just had confirmed the private sponsorship of a small stand at the 2004 Farnborough Airshow July 19th - 25th .
For further details see www.farnborough.com and come and visit us in Hall 1 Stand A3 .
( Please check for trade show days and public days )
We plan to have full flight videos as well as the actual SMART MURCH UAV prototype - a little flight worn - and Pat Peebles will be there to answer questions .
A full proposal for the new project has recently been invited by the US Government and will be submitted later this month .
We are pleased to confirm future collaboration in the proposed project , which is also presently under consideration by the UK Government , with Professor JMR Graham and Professor Max Platzer .
Three Projected Developments
February / March 2004
Following the steadily increasing lift efficiency of the recent UAV prototype , the new proposed FanWing project planned to start later this year , will double its present weight , opening the airframe to heavier payloads , including radar , for long - duration surveillance both in the military and civil markets and will work towards vertical take - off .
The proposed new project will also provide valuable data for the company 's projected development of the first manned FanWing , a two - manned ultralight .
The UK Government have also already funded development with a new SMART Micro award of a downsized version now in initial design process .
Development continues on the UAV airframe thanks to the UK Government and private FanWing Company US co-funder Creighton Murch .
17.5kg and climbing ...
November 2003
New flight test results on SMART / MURCH UAV airframe
There was unusual lift performance last week of the new UAV FanWing SMART 2.2 m wingspan prototype .
( see pictures in earlier news item )
With added winglets the FanWing successfully flight tested with an 8 kg ( lead weights ) payload and a total weight of 17.5 kg .
Take a look at the November 5th clip on our flight clips page .
The first surveillance test with onboard video equipment and radio contact with a computer on the ground has now carried out successful filming .
We have flight clips from above and below on the video page .
New Test Flights
October 2003
SMART / MURCH
Surveillance UAV : excellent lift efficiency
New test flights on the recently completed UAV prototype airframe show excellent control and lift with the usual fast take - off .
Thanks to our new pilot Raffaele Moreschini .
The prototype is under second - phase development thanks to private investment from Creighton Murch .
Forthcoming tests will include surveillance equipment and increased payload .
( Payloads have been tested up to 4kg ) Flights can be viewed on our flight clips page and we hope to have more pictures and technical details available on this website soon .
First UAV Prototype Test Flight
September 2003
New SMART UAV Prototype
Workshop development has been steady over the summer and first test flights of the FanWing UAV prototype - 2.2 m. wingspan - have now been successfully carried out with two short and low hops .
Take - off was smooth and fast and control seemed excellent .
Video coverage of a take - off and part of the flight can be seen on the flight clips page and we will have more pictures and detailed technical information available soon .
( Photographs above show Pat Peebles , FanWing inventor , with son Daniel Peebles and friend and technical assistant Tony Pitt preparing for a flight , and the FanWing prototype just after take - off . )
New Patent Filed
A new FanWing patent was deposited at the beginning of September .
Thanks as always to Roy Barlow and J A Kemp & Co .
Saatchi & Saatchi Edward de Bono Medal Award , New US Patent
June 2003
Saatchi and Edward de Bono Medal
Pat Peebles and his FanWing Company have been awarded second prize , the Edward de Bono ' Medal for Thinking ' in the Saatchi & Saatchi International Innovation in Communication Awards .
We thank Saatchi for its support and the generous additional prize it awarded all its finalists by flying everyone over for the New York celebration .
Thanks also to Therese Curran for organising the event and to Saatchi's UK creative director Richard Myers .
Details are on the Saatchi website www.saatchi.com
New US Patent Issued
Patent agents Kemp & Co , London have now confirmed the US issue of a Vortex Flap Patent ( already issued in the UK ) to add to the basic FanWing Patent .
Saatchi & Saatchi New York Award Event
May 2003
The FanWing has been short - listed for one of Saatchi & Saatchi's 2003 Innovation in Communication awards .
Pat Peebles , inventor of the FanWing , and Daniel Peebles , company website tech advisor , are attending the upcoming Saatchi award event in New York .
This year 's eleven finalists , including a model prototype of the FanWing , will be exhibited at the ACE Gallery in Hudson Street .
N ew Model , Mine - Seeker Concept , Smart Award Event , New Associate , Partnership and investment , Pacific Flyer and other new PR , Clarke 's Law
January / February / March 2003
New Model Prototype
The new model prototype FanWing will be ready for demonstration in the UK later this year , we hope by late September .
Wing - span will be seven feet / 2.2 m , with a payload of 4.4 lb/2kg .
Surveillance equipment for the FanWing airframe will be supplied by Remote Aerospace Limited , one of our project collaborators .
New wind tunnel tests are being planned by the company to take place at Imperial College , London .
Mine - Seeker FanWing
The company is also now aiming towards development of a mine - seeking application where the slow and detailed security sweep possible with the FanWing along with the economy and simplicity of design could be particularly valuable .
SMART Award Ceremony
Thanks to David Nicholas , Business Link Wessex , who kindly received the UK government SMART certificate and award on FanWing 's behalf at the formal presentation ceremony on February 18th .
New Associate and a UK Meeting
FanWing Ltd. would like to welcome Anthony Baulch , soon to return to Australia from Japan , as a new company associate who will represent us in Asia and the Pacific area .
We thank him for organising the recent productive and helpful meeting with Robert Clifford from INCAT where the company received a great deal of helpful advice and encouragement from this top industrial leader who , himself an inventor , has established one of the principle ferry companies in the world from his base in Hobart , Tasmania
Company Partnership Quest
We are looking for company partnership .
Our aim is to find a company / organisation with relevant aeronautics experience in materials or in overall development of experimental aircraft to participate in funding application , administration and technical running of the next stages of the UAV or manned projects .
We are grateful to Peter Holtby of the UK Society of British Aeronautics Companies for helping us here with their new datebase and we as always welcome all suggestions .
New Investment
Welcome and thanks again to new and our original private investors who are with recent injections of capital making the continued development possible .
Publicity
Media interest continues to grow after the Newsweek article ( see articles page ) sparked attention originally in November 2002 .
We have now been approached by several TV companies regarding documentary coverage and possible films in the UK , US and Italy .
We are also grateful to the friendly editor of the aviation journal US , Pacific Flyer ( www.pacificflyer.com) who has not only included a nice piece on us but also accepted an invitation to be a guest on the third flight of the manned FanWing ...
We have also been invited for inclusion in an international travelling European educational exhibition to be sponsored by the European Patent Office .
Thanks to Sir Arthur C. Clarke
Sir Arthur , one of our longtime advisors and a great source of Thoughts and Laws , reminds us of two things :
First :
' I told Orville and I told Wilbur it would never fly . '
and second :
Revolutionary ideas go through four stages of response :
1 . You 're crazy
2 . You may not be crazy but it's no good for anything
3 . I wish I 'd thought of it first
4 . I thought of it first
Investment Update , Media Coverage , Washington / Williamsburg Conference
November / December 2002
Media
The project has unexpectedly hit the news in these weeks .
Newsweek International published a two - page article on Pat Peebles and the FanWing in their 11th November edition .
( see our articles page ) Satellite BBC TV World News and The Independent ( UK ) almost simultaneously came out with their own FanWing interviews and Italy has followed up with the Messaggero , Repubblica and RAI 's TG2 , with more RAI 3 coverage to come , as well as an article to appear in the spring from La Macchina del Tempo .
Denmark , France , Germany , Holland , have already produced or will produce their own pieces .
Our thanks here to www.newglobalnet.com .
A fatally attractive piece on the popular technical news site http://slashdot.org/index2.pl?fhfilter=fanwing led to thousands of FanWing hits an hour and our website finally crashed .
Robert Gable instantly came to the rescue .
We think this excellent server never sleeps .
Investment Update
FanWing Ltd. welcomes UK business consultant , Rawle Michelson .
Mr. Michelson began to help us earlier this year when we first started to look at major sources of private financing .
He and David Nicholas from Business Link Wessex ( see news below ) are continuing to guide our company through the new investment and funding developments .
There were several other people too who generously helped us earlier this year when we ran into the Catch 22 of most innovation companies - we could n't afford the help we needed to raise the money we needed to get the help we needed ...
Christopher Arnander , Charles Blount and Simon Hudson , Paul Evans , Bryson Farrill , Bryan Graham , Gordon Midgeley , and Susan Smith all gave time , funding consultation , contacts , encouragement and in the case of City Insights , the offer also of London office back - up .
Enormous kindness , practicality and professional wisdom here .
And the usual thanks to the investors who continue to keep us flying , with a special mention of Creighton and Janice Murch , who have recently turned our company round with an unusually generous ( and unencumbered ) private investment .
AIAA Conference on Powered Lift , Williamsburg VA
Early in November the FanWing team spent time in Washington DC , hosted by company advisor , Loretta Schaeffer , together with GianCarlo Guarda , for the week of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics International Conference on Powered Lift .
Pat Peebles gave a brief presentation at the conference and we were pleased ( and surprised ) first that so many people attended the lecture at all , and second , that so many were so openly appreciative of such a maverick invention .
Website Contact
Apologies to those of you who emailed us for information on investment and technical aspects of the invention and who have not yet received a reply .
After the unexpected increase in response we are catching up , but slowly .
We have no models / plans to offer at present but hope to be able to supply some next year .
New Imperial College Tests
October 2002
During September intensive wind tunnel tests were carried out at Imperial College as part of the UK Government SMART award UAV project ( see August update ) FanWing inventor Pat Peebles worked with the assistance of Klaus Koegler and in consultation with Professor Mike Graham , Head of Aeronautics at IC .
Results of repeated tests on the newest wing design - one metre rotorspan - show a nearly 50 % increase in efficiency over Klaus Koegler 's previous M.Sc.dissertation findings ( see July update ) .
Predicted lift is now two tons with 100 horse power .
Autorotation tests show a glide angle of 22° .
most recent flying model wing in tunnel optimisation model test in progress showing airflow post test conference : Pat , Klaus and Mike
SMART Award
August 2002
We are pleased to announce that the FanWing Company have now received a UK Government Department of Trade and Industry SMART Award , given to establish the feasibility and initiate development of a commercial FanWing Unmanned Aerial Vehicle or UAV , for use in remote controlled surveillance .
The twelve - month project , already begun , will be carried out in collaboration with Imperial College , Kingston University , and the UAV company Remote Aerospace Limited .
Marketing consultant will be Tony McGarry .
Thanks to : the Department of Trade and Industry , who granted the award in conjunction with the European Union ; to Tony Howells , Katie Osborne , and David Wright of the SMART and Enterprise Team , who together approved and administered our application ; to our future project monitor and guide , Tim Anderson ; to Business Link Wessex , who support inventors and small businesses with such pleasant efficiency online and off ; and a special thanks to David Nicholas , who has personally done so much and whose Virtual Company concept has been so helpful to our project .
And as always our thanks to the private investors who have supported us throughout , who most recently provided the balancing funds for this prestigious grant ; and without whom none of this would have begun to happen .
New Fanwing Models
July 2002
Two new flying prototypes have now been constructed : one with 60 cm rotorspan , 800g weight and the other 1 m rotorspan , 2.2kg .
We hope to get pictures and flight clips up soon .
There are improvements in both glide and efficiency .
Second FanWing Patent UK Approved
News from Roy Barlow , our Patent Agent from Kemp & Co. London :
The most recent of the FanWing patents - covering the Vortex Control Flap - has now been approved for grant by the UK patent authorities .
AIAA International Conference on Powered Lift
Pat Peebles , inventor , designer , constructor of the FanWing , will be making a Powerpoint presentation on various aspects of the new technology this November in Williamsburg , Virginia , at the Biennial International Powered Lift Conference .
The conference is organised by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics in collaboration with NASA and sponsored by the Royal Aeronautical Society and the American Helicopter Society .
New Imperial College Test Results
July 2002
Congratulations to Imperial College aeronautics graduate Klaus Koegler on his FanWing MSc.dissertation , prepared under the supervision of Professor J.M.R. Graham .
Klaus tested a FanWing in both water and wind tunnels .
His conclusion : the FanWing at slow speeds shows a 35 % improvement in efficiency over the helicopter .
Royal Aeronautical Society Award Nomination
June 2002
We are very happy to hear from Peter Talbot of the Royal Aeronautical Society , Chester Branch , that Pat as inventor of the FanWing has been nominated for the annual Royal Aeronautical Society Award for " Outstanding Achievement in Aerospace "
A propos of this and the joint presentation made by Pat and Dikla Peebles to the Chester Branch of the Royal Aeronautical Association and the Institute of Mechanical Engineering : we are printing a photograph below and our thanks again here to our hosts for their extraordinary welcome , enthusiasm and hospitality .
You can see Chester flying on our video clip page .
British Aerospace Lecture Theatre , Braughton ( From right to left ) Keith Manns , Director , Royal Aeronautical Society ; Phil Welsh , Senior Officer , IMechE ; John Young , Chairman , RAeS , Chester Branch ; Pat Peebles , Inventor of FanWing ; Dikla Peebles , Chairman of FanWing Ltd. ; Chester .
Commercial and Research Developments
March 2002
The most recent and so - far smallest model FanWing , ( rotorspan 70 cm . ) is already performing well in its initial hops and is intended for the leisure and show model market .
Photographs and full flight video clips will be uploaded by late April .
We welcome to our Company the support of the following :
David Nicholas , Virtual Company , Business Link , Wessex , UK .
David has been responsible for some major strengthening of our company policy and approach over the last few months .
André Clot and Philip Tudor , Remote Aerospace Limited , UK
Tony McGarry , Marketing Consultant , Leinster Associates UK
Mickey Harper , an early investor in the FanWing Company , who is helping us look for funding in the US
With these recent collaborators and under the guidance of our company advisors ( listed on our Company page ) plans are now underway for a research and development project to produce an unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) for commercial surveillance purposes .
Two UK universities , Bristol and Kingston , are now including the FanWing as part or whole of new M.Sc. programmes in aeronautics .
Thanks also to Kingston and Dave Edmondson in particular for ongoing support and advice on our project .
New flow visualisation experiments have begun at Imperial College with Klaus Koegler under the supervision of Professor J.M.R. Graham .
Experiments continue with Alex Fletcher at NEWI ( see earlier news items )
US Website Article
February 2002
Check out our articles page for the recent piece on the FanWing run by Aero - News Network , a US based website .
FanWing Funding Campaign
December 2001
Following the successful flights of the two newest models and the encouraging response to our recent public UK presentation ( see below for some details of this lecture ) we are now preparing a major funding drive to support development of both the drone and the manned versions of the FanWing .
Applications are already in the process of being submitted to various public funding organisations ( with the support of a UK organisation called Virtual Company ) and on top of our ongoing private sale of shares we will also now be approaching venture capital sources .
Suggestions welcome .
For further information contact peebles@fanwing.com
Flight clips of the latest and smallest model of the FanWing , ( 80 cm wingspan and 600g weight ) will be added to the website as soon as possible .
As well as the already planned second series of wind tunnel tests at Imperial College , London , new plans for a student project to start in 2002 are now confirmed for the Wrexham University of Wales Associated College , UK .
Flight clips update
October 2001
New FanWing model 8 flight video clips are now uploaded .
New model makes successful flights
The new larger FanWing Model 8 ( wingspan 1.80 m. 6 kg. ) has had some good flights .
We hope to get new pictures and video clips uploaded as soon as possible .
Flyer Magazine has a short item on FanWing this month .
We 'll get it scanned and onto our publications page .
New Imperial College wind tunnel tests on FanWing have been confirmed for February 2002
To confirm : the Royal Aeronautical Society Chester website listing for our lecture is as follows :
November 14th , 2001
Main Society Lecture
The RAeS Director , Mr Keith Manns will attend
The Fan Wing – a new concept in Aviation
By Pat & Dikla Peebles - FanWing Ltd .
Joint Lecture with the I Mech E MNW
Inter - Ex 4&5
August 2001
We participated as planned .
The FanWing ( original small model seen in video clips already on this website ) flew as well as ever until a pilot error ( yes we would say that , but it 's true - this particular model has always flown and landed perfectly before ) led to a crash .
Pat was given an award for ' a new propulsion system . '
It 's a great show , excellently organised , held either in Germany or in Holland annually .
See their website address below .
Thoroughly recommended .
http://www.inter-ex.com/
Invitation from the Royal Aeronautical Society
July 2001
Peter Talbot , Programme Secretary for the Chester branch of The Royal Aeronautical Society , has invited us to give a presentation of the FanWing project at the British Aerospace Lecture Theatre in Broughton , UK .
The ninety - minute lecture , to be called The FanWing - a New Concept in Aviation , will be on November 14th and will include video recordings of various flights , features of the wing 's rotation and wind tunnel experiments .
Workshop Developments
May 2001
Recent experiments result in substantial improvements in the glide ratio as well as in added lift and thrust efficiency
New articles and the Inter - Ex Show
May 2001
Two new articles one in Microlight Flying magazine , March - April 2001 , http://www.bmaa.org/ and the other in Fly Gyro ! magazine also for March - April .
Check our articles section
We will be flying a new FanWing prototype at an international show of experimental aircraft models to take place in Holland on the 4th and 5th August this year .
Pure Invention for Discovery Channel and Professional Engineering article
December , 2000
Oval Films for Discovery Channel ( Europe ) have now completed the documentary piece on the FanWing .
The series is called Pure Invention .
Filming of the recently modified plane in London went well .
There have been vast improvements .
We are now working on transferring some of the flight clips to this website .
Thanks to Ronnie Myhill and John Ackroyd for joining us there .
We have had a piece on FanWing in the UK magazine Professional Engineering .
Read it in our articles section .
We cannot answer individually all your messages - so briefly : share sales for the second issue are now officially closed .
Thanks to those people who have shown such enthusiasm and support for this venture .
Summer Summary
August , 2000
BBC Fair : hundreds of visitors , useful discussions , a gold award from International Institute of Innovators .
Good to meet some of our website contacts there and also talk to some of the interesting people out there in the inventing world .
There will be articles out soon and a TV company ( Oval Films ) is filming a short documentary piece about Pat and his work , to be shown on Satellite Discovery Channel in 2001 .
Thanks for support in this heavy - duty month to the following :
Gareth Jenkins
Peter Whalley and his team at the Open University for setting up ( a ) the video loop of an actual FanWing flight for those people who looked at our stand model and said ' Yes but does this crazy machine work ? ' and ( b ) a computerised windtunnel interactive experiment Peter put onscreen for the stand for our visitors .
Grant Thompson
Our London family
Victoria and Keith Todd
Trevor Baylis and Lynn Miller
Ronnie Myhill
Prof. Eli Pine of www.enjoycalculus.com
Dave Fisher , our RCM pilot .
See his website : www.flyinfish.co.uk
Roy Barlow
Chris Tritschler
And finally and of course : our investors , who show such faith in us and without whom none of this would happen at all .
BBC Tomorrow's World Fair news
June , 2000
We 're at stand IF127 so come and visit us here .
BBC Tomorrow 's World Fair and a new interactive computerised wing test programme
May , 2000
BBC TOMORROW'S WORLD FAIR .
June 28th through July 2nd .
We ’ll be showing the FanWing model and be available for discussion at this major Science Exhibition Fair at Earls Court , London .
Anyone wanting to visit and see the real thing , please get in touch with us at our email address peebles@fanwing.com
Dr Peter Whalley of the Open University , UK , ( whose Knowledge Media Institute team has already produced some of our great artwork projections of FanWing and the animation here on this website ) is now working on a model of the wing in a wind tunnel to work on in real time .
The small wind - tunnel model for this computerised version is being constructed for us by Pip Youngman of the future Arthur C Clarke Centre in Taunton in South West England .
Formation of FanWing Ltd : a UK Company
30 October , 1999
The newly formed Private Limited FanWing Company 's functions are to hold the Patent Rights ; to protect and further our shareholders ' interests ; ensure the proper research , development and eventual sale or licensing of the FanWing aircraft .
Test results from Imperial College
1 July , 1999
Wind tunnel tests were performed by Simon Forshaw ( see photos below . )
The results seem to be better even than we predicted and we quote from Simon 's conclusions at the end of his tests over the last academic year , now just released in his report :
" A comparison was made between a FanWing aircraft and a conventional helicopter and the power consumption per Newton weight lifted was within the same range .
With good design the advantages of the FanWing is that it would be much quieter and that it has a much less complex rotor system than a helicopter . "
The results also show room for improvement in the area of auto-rotation :
" ... the FanWing cannot autorotate in the same way as a helicopter .
If manned flight were to be considered , then for safety reasons the use of backup power systems or alternatives to autorotation must be considered . "
Note : ( 15 May 2001 )
We have made a breakthrough with the latest wing design .
The FanWing now glides with a rotor autorotation speed already high enough to effect a controlled landing .
LIQUID LIFTER
1 May , 1999
Have a look at this picture of the crop duster / fire fighter .
Artwork by The Open University .
Short animation to follow soon .
city.jpg ( 100 k )
More Media Coverage
5 April , 1999
FanWing story is now on Tomorrow 's World website
David Windle has covered the FanWing for the Sunday Times .
Take a look at our articles section
Tomorrow 's World Pictures
March 18 , 1999
BBC 's Tomorrow 's World included FanWing in their February 24 programme .
The short Tomorrow 's World segment in which you see the model FanWing flying , wind tunnel tests at Imperial College will be shown again later ( time not yet specified ) on BBC World ( Satellite )
Photographs from Wind Tunnel , Imperial College , London
28 December , 1998
Wind tunnel tests started at Imperial College , London
December , 1998
Wind tunnel tests have begun with a model at Imperial College undertaken by Simon Forshaw under the supervision of Professor JMR Graham .
The tests will be concentrating on dynamic measurements and autorotation tests
A Breakthrough Flight
1 September , 1998
Shareholders in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac saw the value of their stock nearly disappear Monday after the mortgage giants had been taken over by the federal government , but the companies ’ chief executives will leave after banking millions and taking millions more on the way out the door .
Fannie Mae ’s Daniel Mudd and Freddie Mac ’s Richard Syron stepped down but are helping with the transition of their companies into federal conservatorship under the Federal Housing Finance Agency .
The agency has not said how much they will earn in their new roles .
Mudd earned $ 11.6 million last year , and Syron made $ 18.3 million .
In both cases , a large portion of their pay packages included stock that was valued much higher at the end of 2007 than it was as of Monday , when it was trading at less than $ 1 a share .
By conservative estimates , Mudd , 49 , and Syron , 64 , will leave with an additional $ 7.3 million and $ 6.3 million , respectively , as part of a severance package , according to an analysis by Paul Hodgson at the Corporate Library .
Advertisement
“ Had they left at the end of December , they both would have walked away with more than $ 20 million , but the drop in the stock price has had a dramatic impact , ” said Hodgson , a senior research associate .
“ It ’s still a substantial payoff for an executive who has managed a company so badly that the federal government has had to step in and save it . ”
Presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) , in a letter to Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. and James Lockhart , the housing agency director , urged them to void the “ inappropriate ” payments .
“ Under no circumstances should the executives of these institutions earn a windfall at a time when the U.S. Treasury has taken unprecedented steps to rescue these companies with taxpayer resources , ” Obama wrote .
The amounts are much smaller than those earned by other CEOs fired recently after their companies stumbled .
Stan O’Neal left Merrill Lynch & Co. with a retirement package worth more than $ 160 million , and Charles O. Prince , the head of Citigroup Inc. , left with a $ 40 - million deal .
Advertisement
Still , some market watchers think Mudd and Syron should leave with little more than the contents of their desks .
“ It ’s just another example of pay for failure , ” said Amy Borrus , deputy director of the Council of Institutional Investors .
Both Mudd and Syron were brought in to reform the troubled mortgage giants .
Fannie
Mae fired its previous CEO , Franklin Raines , in December 2004 after accounting errors forced the company to restate profits by $ 9 billion .
When Mudd , a former General Electric Co. executive who had served as Fannie Mae ’s vice chairman , took over that same month , shares were trading at about $ 70 .
On Friday , the day news of the possible takeover started to leak out , Fannie Mae shares were trading at $ 7.04 .
On Monday , the shares closed at 73 cents .
Freddie Mac had its own accounting problems when Syron took over in December 2003 .
The company was forced to admit that it had inflated its earnings by nearly $ 5 billion .
Like Mudd , Syron , who had served as chief executive of Thermo Electron Corp. and the American Stock Exchange , pledged to fix the company and get it back on track .
Freddie ’s shares , which traded for about $ 55 when Syron took over , dropped to $ 4.65 on Friday and then to 88 cents Monday .
Advertisement
Far from fixing them , both Mudd and Syron presided over major expansions of the companies ’ reliance on risky mortgages that ended up going into default over the last two years .
“ How can we pay these people these exorbitant amounts of money when they brought us to the brink of financial disaster ? ” said Michael Greenberger , a University of Maryland law professor and former director at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
“ The average working stiff is just worried about how he ’s going to pay his mortgage and put gas in his car .
These guys make the situation worse and still make millions . ”
Shareholders will have little to say on how much the two pick up , and some experts said that was as it should be .
Without the conservatorship , Fannie and Freddie could have gone bankrupt , causing further panic in the beleaguered housing and stock markets .
Advertisement
Analysts and investment advisors said Monday that the cost of paying Syron and Mudd to leave their posts was a blip compared with the damage that would have been done by a bankruptcy filing .
With Fannie and Freddie , the nation ’s biggest mortgage buyers , out of business , foreclosures probably would have continued to climb at an even faster rate , analysts said , and home prices would have fallen further .
“ This is what we needed to put a floor under the housing market , ” said Michael Nozzarella , managing director at the Tarbox Group , a Newport Beach investment advisor .
--
william.heisel@latimes.com
