Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN's " Campbell Brown : Election Center " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays .
She delivered this commentary during the " Cutting through the Bull " segment of Monday night 's broadcast .
Campbell Brown says it's on the record that Sen. Barack Obama is a Christian , but why should that matter ?
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
You may find it hard to believe that this remains an issue in this campaign , but it does .
The candidates , both candidates , are still getting questions about Barack Obama 's ethnicity and religion .
If you are even semi-informed , then by now you already know that of course , Barack Obama is an American .
Of course , Barack Obama is a Christian .
Yet just a few days ago , there was a woman at a rally for John McCain incorrectly calling Obama an Arab :
Woman at rally : I do n't trust Obama .
I have read about him and he's an Arab .
Sen . John McCain :
No ma'am , no ma'am .
He 's a decent family man , citizen that I just happen to have disagreements with on fundamental issues .
That 's what this campaign is all about .
He 's not , thank you .
Now , I commend Sen. McCain for correcting that woman , for setting the record straight .
But I do have one question -- so what if he was ?
So what if Obama was Arab or Muslim ?
So what if John McCain was Arab or Muslim ?
Would it matter ?
When did that become a disqualifier for higher office in our country ?
When did Arab and Muslim become dirty words ?
The equivalent of dishonorable or radical ?
Whenever this gets raised , the implication is that there is something wrong with being an Arab - American or a Muslim .
And the media is complicit here , too .
Watch Campbell 's commentary »
We 've all been too quick to accept the idea that calling someone Muslim is a slur .
I feel like I am stating the obvious here , but apparently it needs to be said :
There is a difference between radical Muslims who support jihad against America and Muslims who want to practice their religion freely and have normal lives like anyone else .
iReport.com : iReporter pleads with voters to ' stop the racism '
There are more than 1.2 million Arab - Americans and about 7 million Muslim - Americans , former Cabinet secretaries , members of Congress , successful business people , normal average Americans from all walks of life .
These are the people being maligned here , and we can only imagine how this conversation plays in the Muslim world .
We can't tolerate this ignorance -- not in the media , not on the campaign trail .
Of course , he 's not an Arab .
Of course , he 's not a Muslim .
But honestly , it should n't matter .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
All About Barack Obama • John McCain • Racial Issues
For the second time this year , The University of Western Ontario Meteor Group has captured incredibly rare video footage of a meteor falling to Earth .
The team of astronomers suspects the fireball dropped meteorites in a region north of Guelph , Ontario , Canada , that may total as much as a few hundred grams in mass .
The Physics and Astronomy Department at Western has a network of all - sky cameras in southern Ontario that scan the sky monitoring for meteors .
On Wednesday , October 15 at 5:28 a.m. , all seven cameras of Western 's Southern Ontario Meteor Network recorded a bright , slow fireball in the predawn sky .
Associate Professor Peter Brown and Phil McCausland , a postdoctoral researcher in Planetary Science , are hoping to enlist the help of local residents in recovering one or more possible meteorites that may have crashed .
" This event was a relatively slow fireball that made it far into the Earth 's atmosphere .
Most meteoroids burn up by the time they hit an altitude of 60 or 70 kilometres from the ground , " explains McCausland , who is heading to the region next week to investigate .
" This one was tracked by our all - sky camera network to have penetrated to an altitude of about 37 kilometres and it slowed down considerably , so there is a possibility that at least one and possibly several small meteorites made it to the ground . "
By knowing the trajectory from the camera observations , the researchers can also track backwards to get the orbit of the object before it hit the Earth .
" The meteorite was on a typical Earth - crossing asteroid - type orbit , so we also expect that it is a stony - type meteorite , " says McCausland .
In March , the network of all - sky cameras captured video of a meteor falling to Earth that may have crashed in the Parry Sound area .
Videos are available at : http://aquarid.physics.uwo.ca/2008_oct15.htm
For those haunted by thoughts of an old flame or a tragic accident , the chance to selectively erase memories might be tempting .
Now scientists have moved a step closer to that possibility by wiping away a month - old memory in genetically engineered laboratory mice , while leaving other memories unchanged .
The researchers boosted levels of a protein called α-CaMKII involved in memory storage and retrieval , just as mice recalled the pain of receiving a light shock .
This had the effect of dispelling the memory .
“ I do n’t think it ’s possible to use our method in humans , whether it ’s now or in the future , ” says Joe Tsien , a neuroscientist at the Medical College of Georgia in Augusta .
“ But it does suggest that perhaps you can look into downstream targets [ of α- CaMKII ] .
Maybe some pharmaceutical company is looking at that . ”
Advertisement
Shattered belief
Tsien ’s experiments are n’t the first to raise the prospect of selective memory erasure .
Several years ago , researchers showed that injecting mice with a drug that stops new proteins from forming can block an old memory as it is recalled .
And last year , another team found that inhibiting a specific protein can erase old memories , even without recalling them .
These experiments have helped shatter the century - old belief that memories are an indelible anatomical feature of the brain , says neuroscientist Todd Sacktor , of SUNY Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn , New York .
Rather , memories are the stuff of molecular connections , constantly built and destroyed by specific enzymes .
“ There are actually key molecules that have specific role in long - term memory , ” he says .
“ It ’s a real big shift in thinking . ”
Shock treatment
Based on previous experiments that showed that α-CaMKII was important to a cellular phenomenon thought to underlie memory formation , Tsien ’s team bred mice engineered to make extra levels of the enzyme .
His team could return their α-CaMKII levels to normal by giving the mice a drug that blocked only the engineered copy .
To test the effect of the change , Tsien and colleagues at the East China Normal University in Shanghai gave mice a slight shock in a training chamber while playing a loud tone .
With thoughts of a jolt fresh in their brain , mice with normal levels of α-CaMKII froze up when they returned to the chamber an hour later , while mice with boosted levels remained calm .
Even a month after the shock – enough time for mice to store the memory for good – cranking up α-CaMKII eroded all memories of the shock treatment , Tsien ’s team found .
The memory also seemed completely lost , not temporarily unavailable .
Six weeks after the initial conditioning and two weeks after the initial erasure , engineered mice treated so they expressed normal levels of α-CaMKII could not retrieve memories of the shock .
Value of recall
Tsien ’s team is still trying to explain how turning up a single protein can erase specific memories , but he thinks the protein weakens brain cell connections that were built up when the memory was first made .
“ This paper is a real revolution in how we think about long term memory , ” says Sacktor , who last year showed that blocking an enzyme called PKM - zeta erases long - term memories in rats , while leaving their ability to form new ones unchanged .
It is not yet clear which route to memory removal will prove most useful in humans , he says .
Tsien , however , cautions against applying his team ’s results to expunging thoughts of broken hearts or limbs .
“ All memories , even very painful emotional memories , have their purposes .
We learn from those experiences to avoid making the same kind of mistake . ”
Journal reference : Neuron ( DOI : 10.1016/j.neuron.2008.08.027 )
The Human Brain – With one hundred billion nerve cells , the complexity is mind - boggling .
Learn more in our cutting edge special report .
mpw said : Please , please video your trip to the Genius Bar over this ; I want to see the guy's ( or gal 's ) face Click to expand ...
scotty96LSC said : " The best part of you ran down your dad 's keyboard . "
Click to expand ...
zsft said : Hmm ... I guess you should do as others say , carefully take the keys off and wipe the insides .
But honestly I do n't think water will do the trick .
Maybe to kill the smell , put a few sheets of Bounce ( you know those lint removing / smell enhancer / softener sheets you put in your dryer with clothes ? ) on top of the keyboard , and shut the lid and leave it for like a day or 2 .
My friend did that when someone puked in her living room , and it completely killed the smell for some reason .
But anyway , I say you face it like a man and do n't do anything about it .
If someone asks what that funny smell is , tell them to sniff up because this is probably the only time in their life they 'll ever get to smell it .
Click to expand ...
McToma said :
If I were you I would take it to your local Apple store and ask the genius what to do Click to expand ...
noodle654 said : I seriously cannot stop laughing .... this is great and is the winner of the " I spilled _____ on my MBP " threads .
Click to expand ...
dmw2692004 said :
What is so hard about taking off the keys and cleaning underneath ?
just do it , since you dont seem to want to do anything else .
Click to expand ...
csc said :
Good luck .
Depending on your version , this might well work : http://www.nonverbla.de/blog/2006/11...-pro-keyboard/
Good luck .
Click to expand ...
benmrii said :
Use something like a paperclip to pop the keys off and clean them up .
Clean the area underneath them with a moist ( not dripping ! ) cloth , ideally while the computer is upside down .
Do not use any cleaning products , just use water .
Let it dry upside down .
Risk is just as great for any liquids to get in through the speaker holes , but hopefully there 's no damage .
Good luck .
Click to expand ...
rdowns said :
Have you considered these ?
Click to expand ...
Kardashian said : OMFG .
I think I 've just sicked a little into my own mouth .
Click to expand ...
furious said : why are people so repressed ?
I would of tried my tongue .
Since by now it was to late I would try a light detergent .
Click to expand ...
Screwball said : Best topic ever !
F*ckbook Pro!
Take the keyboard off , and wash it thoroughly and let it dry somewhere ( preferably not where you 're having private time )
Click to expand ...
RainForRent said : From what I remember , removing keys is not easy , and seating them again is equally tough .
Are we talking heavy seepage under the keys ?
( I 'm trying to just forget what the actual substance is and think that you spilled a beer .
Yeah , beer . )
If its only minor , you ought to be able to get paper towel under .
For example , to clean under your " R " key , push down your " F " then " T " , et cetera , going around in a circle until you get all underneath the key .
Goodness , I hope you get this sorted out , and learned your lesson .
Click to expand ...
Kardashian said : OH .
MY.GOD .
I 'm not one for the vajayjay so I 'm not sure how it all works - but mother of God ! - that is vile .
Vile , vile , vile .
Unless you were humping atop the damn thing , I honestly see no way this could happen .
* Flees MR for fear of a descriptive response * Click to expand ...
Pixellated said :
Take all the keys out , put them in a bath of warm water and soap , then wipe down the thing under the keyboard with a damp cloth .
Click to expand ...
Eh , I do n't even know where the closest apple store is to me , I 've never even seen one before in real life besides the ones in NYC ( that 's how ' none ' there is by me ) , and I 'm not going to bother shipping , this seems like a trivial but pain - in - the - ass problem .
Let somebody else find the closest Apple Store to Yulan , NY O.O.
That one made me LoL.
Yeah , bounce sounds like a good , solid plan , but I still need something to really " clean " it , now that it 's all prolly sticky underneath and the like .
I do n't have a local apple store .
Never even seen one ' cept when I travel to NYC .
Yulan , NY is where I live , up in the stix of NY .
I seriously weighed posting this here for about 40 minutes while trying to get it all out of the keyboard , until the good tangy smell started dying and the not - so - good dry smell started to come in - then I posted it here .
Trust me , this was not the first place I wanted to post - but google did n't have much info .
I did n't even know they came out on a laptop keyboard , and I especially was n't sure how it was b/c of the back lighting system .
There 's simply no apple stores by me and I do n't feel like going through the whole hastle of shipping it back for them to replace the keyboard .
Holy **** , that looks like a pain in the ass , but luckily I got a lot of old lock - pick - type tools which I think I can push those things in .
Thanks for the link , I think I 'ma end up taking out the keys .
There 's simply no way I can get it all out from outside the keyboard like this , even if I use a toothbrush ( not used anymore ) on the sides of the keys or whatever .
Thx a lot for the link .
Yeah , I 'll put tape over the speaker holes anyways , even still the I will use a towel with very little moisture in it .
If it shorts out - then I 'll have to ship it back O.O. Guess I 'll jut use water then .
Should work , assuming I get it all out .
I have some old tooth brushes I do n't use anymore ( never threw them out ) , I 'm sure I can get in all the nooks 'n crannies under there with that .
No ...hrm ... I wonder if those will work ...
It 's actually very good , as long as it's not dried ( like it is now ) .
Yeah , that 's what I was thinking , but I 'm afraid of chemicals eating away at it - I 'll probably use plain water .
Does the whole keyboard come off as a whole ?
Or do I just pop all the keys out ?
( or both ) ?
Yeah , from looking at the picture it looks like it's a pain in the ass , but just takes some patience .
Nah , we 're not talking heavy seepage , it was a splatter type deal , at about a 60 * angle off the bottom edge from accross the trackpad 's right side , space bar , v key , to F3 / F4 .
Stopped just short of the screen , in that rubber joint thing that holds the screen still .
Yeah , fortunately I learned the lesson the hard way - At some point in your life you 'll run into what 's called " a squirter " - the name speaks for itself .
We were near the edge too so it 's not like it was that far .
If I took pictures of where it was and where we were it'd make perfect sense - but I 'm not going to ... and it 's not vile , it 's awesome ... except when it spills on your MBP 's keyboard because you were in too much of a rush to finish and close it .
That wo n't rub the lettering off the keys , will it ? @
ALL : Thanks for your help and keeping the jokes to a minimum , I greatly appreciate it .
I copied my project onto this computer and stayed up since the incident and finished it ( have n't gone to sleep yet ) , so now that the work is out of the way I can work on it at my leisure .
It does n't seem like it's that big a deal , but I mean the smell is kinda not - so - good when it 's dried and I do n't want the keys to stick .
Thank you , csc , for posting that link , I guess I 'll take a nap so I 'm well rested , then get to work popping the keys out of this thing .
I figure i only need to pop out like , 1 - 7 , W - U , S - J , X - N , & the space bar .. but then again there 's a chance that it's not 100 % level and it slid to one side or another underneath , so maybe it would be better if I popped them all out and cleaned the whole panel underneath .
I 'll use a damp towel and see where that gets me .
I 'll let u guys know how it works out .
TIP : If you 're working and your girlfriend 's hot and bothered , use your head , finish what you 're doing , then change projects .
This is a stupid problem to have , but it 's a problem none - the - less .
I 'll let you guys know how the key - popping & cleaning turns out .
Darwin would have loved Botox .
I do n’t mean that he would have been first in line at the doctor ’s office to get a needle jabbed into his famously furrowed brow .
I mean that Darwin would have loved to use Botox as a scientific tool — to eavesdrop on the intimate conversation between the face and brain .
For much of his life , Darwin was ob­sessed with faces .
On a visit to the London Zoo , he gave mirrors to a pair of orangutans and watched them grimace and pucker their lips as they stared at their reflections .
He passed many an afternoon gazing intently at photographs of crying babies and laughing women .
He showed his friends pictures of a man whose facial muscles were distorted in various ways by electric shocks and quizzed them about what emotion the man seemed to be feeling .
To find out if all humans expressed emotions in the same way , he wrote up a list of 16 questions , which he sent to dozens of acquaintances around the world .
His list of questions began :
1 . Is astonishment expressed by the eyes and mouth being opened wide , and by the eyebrows being raised ?
2 . Does shame excite a blush when the colour of the skin allows it to be visible ?
and especially how low down the body does the blush extend ?
3 . When a man is indignant or defiant does he frown , hold his body and head erect , square his shoulders and clench his fists ?
Darwin took the answers he got from his correspondents — from such places as Borneo , Calcutta , and New Zealand — and combined them with the rest of his notes on faces to publish a book in 1872 entitled The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals .
Most scientists in Darwin ’s time considered the face a mystery , its expressions having been set at the time of Creation .
But Darwin argued that the look of happiness or grief on a person ’s face was the product of evolution , just as our hands evolved from fish fins .
As evidence , Darwin pointed to the results of his poll .
People the world over made faces using the same basic patterns of muscle contraction , starting from infancy .
In his book Darwin printed pictures of people getting electric shocks , which were taken by the French physician Guillaume - Benjamin - Amand Duchenne .
Simply by running current through different parts of a person ’s face , Duchenne could produce expressions of happiness , fear , anger , and disgust .
Expressions were reflexes , Darwin argued , instinctive patterns etched in our faces and brains .
To trace the history of our faces , Darwin wrote , we need only look at our fellow animals .
Although human faces were unique in some ways , they also bore some striking similarities to those of other species :
“ He who will look at a dog preparing to attack another dog or a man , and at the same animal when caressing his master , or will watch the countenance of a monkey when insulted , and when fondled by his keeper , will be forced to admit that the movements of their features and their gestures are almost as expressive as those of man . ”
Darwin described facial expressions as a “ language of emotion . ”
They served as a way for us to communicate before we had words .
They helped us not only to understand the emotions of others but to share them as well .
“ The free expression by outward signs of an emotion intensifies it , ” he wrote .
“ Even the simulation of an emotion tends to arouse it in our minds . ”
Darwin ’s ideas turned out to be prophetic , but when you read The Expression of Emotions in the 21st century , you ca n’t help noticing how quaint his scientific research was .
Scientists who study faces today do not rely on their pet dogs or letters from friends in Brazil .
They trace the development of the face in embryos , scan brains , read the electrical activity of muscles , and record grins and pouts on high - speed video .
Our faces , these scientists have shown , acquired some of their basic form more than half a billion years ago .
It was then that early fish evolved muscles on their heads to suck in food and water .
All the muscles of our faces develop from a strip of cells at the base of the embryonic head , just as they do in lampreys , which belong to one of the oldest lineages of vertebrates alive today .
The transition to land brought major changes to the faces of our ancestors .
They stopped breathing water through gills , and the gill - supporting muscles in the face took on new functions , like controlling the throat to swallow food .
At the same time the muscles that moved the jaws became bigger as land vertebrates evolved a more powerful bite .
When our ancestors evolved into mammals , their faces changed again .
New muscle attachments spread from the jaws to the skin itself .
They boosted the senses of mammals — muscles on the sides of the face could swivel ears , while muscles around the lips controlled whiskers .
But mammals could do more with these muscles than sense the world .
They could also communicate .
A mammal could bare its teeth or turn back its ears to send signals to other mammals .
If the mammal face is an instrument for communication , the primate face is a Stradivarius .
When primates evolved about 60 million years ago , big blocks of facial muscles broke into small bits of specialized tissue .
Some did nothing but raise eyebrows .
Some exclusively puckered lips .
Nerves developed new branch patterns across the face to control the new muscles , and the face - controlling regions of the brain grew .
Anne Burrows , a physical anthropologist at Duquesne University , has been dissecting primate faces and finds that they have a lot more in common with ours than anatomists once thought .
She has found muscles in the chimpanzee face , for example , that were once believed to be uniquely human .
Not only are the same muscles in the same place , but the primate brain uses them to make many of the same expressions .
Bridget Waller , a psychologist at the University of Portsmouth in England , and her colleagues demonstrated this with a new twist on Duchenne ’s old research .
Duchenne could only put electrodes on the skin of his subjects ;
Waller and her colleagues today can insert fine needles into the muscles themselves .
Researchers can also insert those needles into anesthetized chimpanzees .
They have found that in most cases , a facial movement produces the same expression whether on the face of a chimpanzee or of a human .
Why did one small group of mammals evolve such sophisticated faces ?
The answer probably has to do with the intensely social life of primates .
Natural selection may have favored primates that could make a wide range of expressions and that could read those expressions in others .
The right expression could let a primate stare down a rival or cement a bond .
It might even have kept bands of primates from descending into civil war .
Seth Dobson , an anthropologist at Dartmouth College , found support for this idea in a study he did on 12 species of monkeys and apes .
He found that primates that lived in bigger groups tended to have more mobile faces .
You can see this expressive range not just in the faces of primates , but in their brains , too .
Dobson found that primates in bigger groups have larger face - controlling regions in their brains .
Primate brains also have impressive networks for reading facial expressions .
If a monkey sees a picture of another monkey making a face — an open - mouthed threat , for example , or a submissive lip smack — a network of neurons becomes active in its brain .
Some parts of the network process features of the face in order to recognize to whom it belongs .
And emotion - processing parts become active as well .
Different centers switch on in response to different emotions , allowing the monkey to decode the feelings behind the face .
When we see faces , we do n’t just recognize them ; we also make the same face , if only for a moment .
If you see someone wearing a big grin , muscles on your face will start contracting in about a third of a second .
The same goes for angry faces and sad ones .
We respond this way whether people are looking at us or at someone else .
Mimicking faces is a deep instinct in humans — babies start doing it days after birth .
And our ancestors were probably making these faces for millions of years .
Earlier this year , Marina Davila Ross of the University of Portsmouth and her colleagues reported the first observation of other apes quickly mimicking faces .
When orangutans play with each other , they sometimes open their mouths in the ape equivalent of a smile .
Observing 25 orangutans at play , Ross found that when an orangutan sees another orangutan make an open - mouth expression , it tends to do the same in less than half a second .
We do not mimic faces simply as a side - effect of looking at other people .
Experiments show that mimicry actually helps us understand what other people are feeling .
Harvard University psychologist Lindsay Oberman and her colleagues demonstrated this effect with little more than a pen .
Oberman had volunteers bite down on a pen and then look at a series of faces .
They had to pick the emotion they thought the faces were expressing .
The volunteers could recognize sad faces and angry ones with the same accuracy as test subjects who did not have pens in their mouths .
But they did a worse job of recognizing happy faces .
Biting a pen , it just so happens , requires you to use the same muscles you use to smile .
Because the smiling muscles were active throughout the experiment , Oberman ’s subjects apparently could n’t feel themselves start to mimic happy faces .
Without that feedback , they had a more difficult time recognizing when people were happy .
Oberman and a growing number of other psychologists believe that we empathize by mimicking faces .
By putting ourselves in other people ’s places , we understand what they ’re feeling .
To investigate how facial mimicry helps us empathize , Leonhard Schilbach of the University of Cologne and his colleagues recently made a brain - scanning breakthrough .
They had volunteers watch movies of computer - animated people turning toward them and smiling while scientists scanned their brain activity and tracked their facial muscles .
Later the researchers examined the muscle recordings to pinpoint the precise instant when the volunteers mimicked the faces .
Then they looked at how the brains of the volunteers were acting at that instant .
During unconscious facial mimicry , Schilbach discovered , several regions of the brain become active .
One of those , the left precentral gyrus , becomes active when people get the urge to move their facial muscles ( such as when a song makes them sad ) .
Other regions ( the right hippocampus and the posterior cingulate cortex ) become active when we have emotional experiences , helping to retrieve emotional memories .
Another part of the brain that becomes active during facial mimicry ( the dorsal midbrain ) relays emotional signals to the rest of the body , bringing on the physical feelings that go along with emotions , like a racing heartbeat .
When humans mimic others ’ faces , in other words , we do n’t just go through the motions .
We also go through the emotions .
Recently Bernhard Haslinger at the Technical University of Munich realized that he could test the facial feedback theory in a new way .
He could temporarily paralyze facial muscles and then scan people ’s brains as they tried to make faces .
To block facial feedback , Haslinger used Dysport , a Botox - like drug available in Europe .
Botox and Dysport are brand names of a toxin made by the spore - forming bacterium Clostridium botulinum .
Botulinum docks on the surface of neurons , blocking the release of a transmitter called acetylcholine .
In small amounts botulinum can be fatal .
In far , far smaller amounts , it can simply paralyze a small patch of muscles for a few weeks .
Haslinger has used Dysport in people with movement disorders like dystonia to help reduce unwanted muscle movement .
But Botox and Dysport are best known as treatments to mask aging .
Injections into the muscles that make frowns can slow the growth of lines around the eyebrows .
For his brain experiment , Haslinger and his colleagues gave 19 women Dysport injections .
Two weeks later the scientists scanned their brains as they showed the women a series of angry or sad faces and asked them either to imitate or just to observe the expressions .
Haslinger then ran the same experiment on 19 women without Dysport and compared the two sets of scans .
When the women made sad faces , the same brain regions became active in both those with Dysport and those without .
But making angry faces triggered different patterns .
In the Dysport - free women , a region known as the amygdala — a key brain region for processing emotions — became active .
In the women with Dysport , who could not use their frown muscles , the amygdala was quieter .
Haslinger also found another change , in the connections between the amygdala and the brain stem , where signals can trigger many of the feelings that go along with emotions : Dysport made that connection weaker .
Of course neuroscience labs are not the only place where people get shots of Dysport or Botox .
According to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons , in the United States doctors administer millions of injections of Botox each year , many of them to people ’s faces .
Haslinger ’s research suggests that this is part of a massive , unplanned experiment .
In June 2008 in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology , a team of cosmetic surgeons suggested this experiment is making all of us happier .
People with Botox may be less vulnerable to the angry emotions of other people because they themselves can’t make angry or unhappy faces as easily .
And because people with Botox can’t spread bad feelings to others via their expressions , people without Botox may be happier too .
The surgeons grant that this is just speculation for now .
Nevertheless , they declare that “ we are left with the tantalizing possibility that cosmetic procedures may have beneficial effects that are more than skin deep . ”
Maybe .
But for all the Botox youthfulness plastic surgeons may want to think about , neuroscience raises a darker possibility .
Making faces helps us understand how other people are feeling .
By altering our faces we ’re tampering with the ancient lines of communication between face and brain that may change our minds in ways we do n’t yet understand .
Scientists at the University of Cambridge have for the first time identified a key component to unravelling the mystery of room temperature superconductivity , according to a paper published in today 's edition of the scientific journal Nature .
The quest for room temperature superconductivity has gripped physics researchers since they saw the possibility more than two decades ago .
Materials that could potentially transport electricity with zero loss ( resistance ) at room temperature hold vast potential ; some of the possible applications include a magnetically levitated superfast train , efficient magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) , lossless power generators , transformers , and transmission lines , powerful supercomputers , etc .
Unfortunately , scientists have been unable to decipher how copper oxide materials superconduct at extremely cold temperatures ( such as that of liquid nitrogen ) , much less design materials that can superconduct at higher temperatures .
Materials that are known to superconduct at the highest temperatures are , unexpectedly , ceramic insulators that behave as magnets before ' doping ' ( the method of introducing impurities to a semiconductor to modify its electrical properties ) .
Upon doping charge carriers ( holes or electrons ) into these parent magnetic insulators , they mysteriously begin to superconduct , i.e. the doped carriers form pairs that carry electricity without loss .
The essential conundrum facing researchers in this area has been : how does a magnet that cannot transport electricity transform into a superconductor that is a perfect conductor of electricity ?
The Cambridge team have made a significant advance in answering this question .
The researchers have discovered where the charge ' hole ' carriers that play a significant role in the superconductivity originate within the electronic structure of copper - oxide superconductors .
These findings are particularly important for the next step of deciphering the glue that binds the holes together and determining what enables them to superconduct .
Dr Suchitra E. Sebastian , lead author of the study , commented , " An experimental difficulty in the past has been accessing the underlying microscopics of the system once it begins to superconduct .
Superconductivity throws a manner of ' veil ' over the system , hiding its inner workings from experimental probes .
A major advance has been our use of high magnetic fields , which punch holes through the superconducting shroud , known as vortices - regions where superconductivity is destroyed , through which the underlying electronic structure can be probed .
" We have successfully unearthed for the first time in a high temperature superconductor the location in the electronic structure where ' pockets ' of doped hole carriers aggregate .
Our experiments have thus made an important advance toward understanding how superconducting pairs form out of these hole pockets . "
By determining exactly where the doped holes aggregate in the electronic structure of these superconductors , the researchers have been able to advance understanding in two vital areas :
(1) A direct probe revealing the location and size of pockets of holes is an essential step to determining how these particles stick together to superconduct .
(2) Their experiments have successfully accessed the region betwixt magnetism and superconductivity : when the superconducting veil is partially lifted , their experiments suggest the existence of underlying magnetism which shapes the hole pockets .
Interplay between magnetism and superconductivity is therefore indicated - leading to the next question to be addressed .
Do these forms of order compete , with magnetism appearing in the vortex regions where superconductivity is killed , as they suggest ?
Or do they complement each other by some more intricate mechanism ?
One possibility they suggest for the coexistence of two very different physical phenomena is that the non-superconducting vortex cores may behave in concert , exhibiting collective magnetism while the rest of the material superconducts .
###
Notes to editors :
1 . The paper ' A multi-component Fermi surface in the vortex state of an underdoped high - Tc superconductor ' will be published in the 09 July edition of Nature .
2 . The research was funded by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council ( EPSRC ) .
EPSRC is the UK's main agency for funding research in engineering and the physical sciences .
The EPSRC invests around £ 800 million a year in research and postgraduate training , to help the nation handle the next generation of technological change .
The areas covered range from information technology to structural engineering , and mathematics to materials science .
This research forms the basis for future economic development in the UK and improvements for everyone 's health , lifestyle and culture .
EPSRC also actively promotes public awareness of science and engineering .
EPSRC works alongside other Research Councils with responsibility for other areas of research .
The Research Councils work collectively on issues of common concern via Research Councils UK .
Website address for more information on EPSRC : www.epsrc.ac.uk/
When asked why they will not vote for a third party candidate , many people will respond by saying something like , " He cannot win . "
Or , " I do n't want to waste my vote . "
It is true : America has not elected a third party candidate since 1860 .
Does that automatically mean , however , that every vote cast for one of the two major party candidates is not a wasted vote ?
I do n't think so .
In the first place , a wasted vote is a vote for someone you know does not represent your own beliefs and principles .
A wasted vote is a vote for someone you know will not lead the country in the way it should go .
A wasted vote is a vote for the " lesser of two evils . "
Or , in the case of John McCain and Barack Obama , what we have is a choice between the " evil of two lessers . "
Albert Einstein is credited with saying that insanity is doing the same thing over and over again , and expecting a different result .
For years now , Republicans and Democrats have been leading the country in the same basic direction : toward bigger and bigger government ; more and more socialism , globalism , corporatism , and foreign interventionism ; and the dismantling of constitutional liberties .
Yet , voters continue to think that they are voting for " change " when they vote for a Republican or Democrat .
This is truly insane !
Take a look at the recent $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout : both John McCain and Barack Obama endorsed and lobbied for it .
Both McCain and Obama will continue to bail out these international banksters on the backs of the American taxpayers .
Both McCain and Obama support giving illegal aliens amnesty and a path to citizenship .
In the debate this past Tuesday night , both McCain and Obama expressed support for sending U.S. forces around the world for " peacekeeping " purposes .
They also expressed support for sending combat forces against foreign countries even if those countries do not pose a threat to the United States .
Neither Obama nor McCain will do anything to stem the tide of a burgeoning police state or a mushrooming New World Order .
Both Obama and McCain support NAFTA and similar " free trade " deals .
Neither candidate will do anything to rid America of the Federal Reserve , or work to eliminate the personal income tax , or disband the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) .
Both Obama and McCain support the United Nations .
So , pray tell , how is a vote for either McCain or Obama not a wasted vote ?
But , back to the " he cannot win " argument : to vote for John McCain is to vote for a man who cannot win .
Yes , I am saying it here and now : John McCain cannot win this election .
The handwriting is on the wall .
The Fat Lady is singing .
It is all over .
Finished .
John McCain cannot win .
With only three weeks before the election , Barack Obama is pulling away .
McCain has already pulled his campaign out of Michigan .
In other key battleground states , McCain is slipping fast .
He was ahead in Missouri ; now it is a toss - up or leaning to Obama .
A couple of weeks ago , Ohio , Pennsylvania , and Florida were all leaning towards McCain , or at least toss - up states .
Now , they are all leaning to Obama .
Even the longtime GOP bellwether state of Indiana is moving toward Obama .
In addition , new voter registrations are at an all - time high , and few of them are registering as Republicans .
In fact , the Republican Party now claims only around 25 % of the electorate , and Independents are increasingly leaning toward Obama .
Ladies and gentlemen , Barack Obama is headed for an electoral landslide victory over John McCain .
John McCain can no more beat Barack Obama than Bob Dole could beat Bill Clinton .
I ask , therefore , Are not conservatives and Christians who vote for John McCain guilty of the same thing that they accuse people who vote for third party candidates of doing ?
Are they not voting for someone who cannot win ?
Indeed , they are .
In fact , conservatives and Christians who vote for John McCain are not only voting for a man who cannot win , they are voting for a man who does not share their own beliefs and principles .
If this is not insanity , nothing is !
So , why not ( for once in your life , perhaps ) cast a vote purely for principle !
Vote for someone who is truly pro-life .
Someone who would quickly secure our nation 's borders , and end the invasion of our country by illegal aliens .
Someone who would , on his first day in office , release Border Patrol agents Ramos and Compean and fire U.S. Attorney Johnny Sutton .
Someone who would immediately , upon assuming office , begin leading the charge to dismantle the Federal Reserve , overturn the 16th Amendment , expunge the IRS , and return America to sound money principles .
Someone who would get the US out of the UN .
Someone who would stop spending billions and trillions of dollars for foreign aid .
Someone who would prosecute the Wall Street bankers who defrauded the American people out of billions of dollars .
Someone who would work to repeal NAFTA , CAFTA , GATT , the WTO , and stop the NAFTA superhighway .
Someone who would say a resounding " No " to the New World Order .
Someone who would stop using our brave men and women in uniform as global cops for the United Nations .
Someone who would stop America 's global adventurism and interventionism .
Someone who would steadfastly support and defend the right of the people to keep and bear arms .
" Who is this person ? " you ask .
Go here to find out : http://www.baldwin08.com/
As John Quincy Adams said , " Always vote for principle , though you may vote alone , and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost . "
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link : http://www.chuckbaldwinlive.com/donate.php
* Disclaimer : I am currently a candidate for President of the United States on the Constitution Party ticket .
My official campaign web site is located at : http://www.baldwin08.com/
© Chuck Baldwin
This column is archived as http://www.chuckbaldwinlive.com/c2008/cbarchive_20081010.html
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link : Chuck Baldwin Live Donate Form
I also have many books and DVDs available for purchase online .
Go here : Chuck Baldwin Live Store
To subscribe to my weekly columns , click here : Subscribe to Chuck 's Column Related
E*Trade 's ( ETFC )
July metrics were roughly in - line with expectations , FBR says .
But they do nothing to deter worries about business slowing at ETFC :
Total customer assets increased 0.1 % to $ 162.2 billion .
Client securities of $ 128.6 billion increased 0.3 % , splitting the July returns on the S&P 500 ( – 1.0 % ) and NASDAQ Composite ( + 1.4 % ) , suggesting no meaningful net inflows during the month .
Despite volatile markets , net new accounts were 19,583 , with total ending accounts at 4.4 million .
The 9.2 % sequential increase in DARTs ( daily average revenue trades ) to 182,835 suggests slowing activity given the 12 % month - to - date increase management noted on July 22 during the 2Q08 earnings call .
FBR notes that the drop - off in client activity is not unexpected given the lows reached in the equity markets mid month and is consistent with the activity pattern implied by TradeStation 's ( TRAD ) July metrics ( released August 4 ) .
FBR does n't see any magical reason to be positive on ETFC though , as its still has too much garbage on its balance sheet :
Although we believe the value of E*TRADE 's brokerage operations is worth more than where the stock trades today , the still hazardous nature of the company 's mortgage portfolio is enough the keep the stock range - bound for now , in our opinion .
FBR reiterates MARKET PERFORM on E*Trade Financial ( ETFC ) , target $ 3 .
See Also :
E*Trade ( ETFC ) : Emergency Moves May Save Company , But Dilution Killing Stock ( ETFC )
RIM ( RIMM ) and E*Trade ( ETFC ) Now Allow Trading - By - Blackberry ( RIMM , ETFC )
The recyclers are out in force .
Whether it ’s using a local recycle centre or a council - provided green bin , it ’s never been easier to get your household waste processed back into useful raw materials .
But that takes energy – and why spend that energy when this “ rubbish ” can be turned into something useful in its present form ?
Here are some of our suggestions for making the most of what you have already .
“ Grease the inside of a pan ” , so many recipes start .
The best way to do this is with butter - smeared greaseproof paper – the kind butter is wrapped in .
So always have some handy by storing your used butter paper in the fridge ( you can even freeze it if you ’re overflowing ) .
Big fan of bacon ?
( Organic , of course ! )
All that liquid fat running down the plughole will probably be slowly constricting the drain of your sink .
A better option is to pour it into a jar , add unwanted food crumbs and a length of string , refrigerate and hey presto !
– bird cake to hang from the washing line .
There are plenty of things to do with old clothes that are n’t wearable any more , such as turn them into dusters or a quilt .
But if you want to make the greenest use of them that you can , turn them into wrapping paper ( or rather wrapping cloth ) , the Japanese way .
A great way to say “ sayonara ” to all that expensive gift paper .
Milkbottles .
No , I know it ’s obvious , but I have to say it – I ’ve walked past recycling bins with milk bottles in them .
It ’s an easy trap to fall into : they ’re glass bottles , so they can be recycled , so into the green bins they go .
Except there ’s a far more economical way to reuse them …
I ’m not a big fan of paper towels , except in one respect – what ’s in the middle .
Those cardboard tubes make terrific cable tidies !
( You can also achieve the same effect by slotting toilet roll carboard tubes together in series ) .
Bundle your excess lengths of cable into them , and tie them with string .
You can even label them by writing on the outside of the tube – a boon if your home or office is overflowing with geeky cables and wires .
Now here ’s a phrase that needs a bit of redefining : food waste .
Most of what we trim off our food can go into making stock that ’s leaps and bounds ahead of anything that came out of a freeze - dried cube .
And the remainder can feed the garden by becoming compost .
There ’s nothing more depressing than unpacking acres of plastic from a new purchase to get to the contents .
So why not put all your unwanted newspapers , magazines and junk mail to good use instead of putting them in a recycling bag ?
Scrunched up , they make just as good packing material as those non-degrading foam chips or reams of bubble wrap .
Speaking of junk mail – namely envelopes , letters and flyers – it ’s a great source of paper for telephone notebooks or shopping lists .
Chop up ( into , say , A5 sized pages ) and bind with a strong needle and some string .
Or if you have a fire , a few pages twisted together make great firelighters .
Let your imagination run wild – like these people .
All brushes have a shelf - life – but there are many shelves to put them on .
Take make - up brushes – fine and soft enough to dust your camera lens .
I also have a couple of worn toothbrushes I ’ve kept to clean the chain of my mountain - bike .
Brushes are bristling with reuse potential .
( Sorry ) .
If your furniture is looking so chipped , scuffed and scratched that even the best varnish ca n’t do much for its appearance – why not spray paint it ?
Another advantage is that you can hide some pretty major repair work with a clever lick of paint .
And if the results are n’t fit for the house , how about the garage or toolshed ?
Okay , I ’m going to cheat a little .
Because however much I like the idea of us all being able to turn our irrepairably dog-eared books into the kind of sculptural wizardry you can see at WebUrbanist , turning books into Art is a tall order ( although here ’s a good way to start ) .
But what about using them to make artistic wall art , or even wallpaper ?
Book pages artificially yellowed ( by leaving them in the sun , or very carefully baking them in an oven at a low temperature ) make terrific faux - antique wall decoration .
Oops – butterfingers .
And now there ’s the remains of a plate in a sad pile of swept - up pot fragments , ready for the trash .
But are you planning to pot any plants in the near future ?
Line the base of each pot with some of these fragments – they let water drain out the hole in the base without carrying away the soil .
Or have you ever wondered how it felt to be an ancient Roman ?
Your first mosaic awaits .
I suspect that ironing board covers and oven mitts are pretty much the same heat - retardant material .
That means if one falls to pieces , those pieces could be used to patch up the other – or , in the case of an ironing board cover , make the other , in the form of a lovely new pair of mitts .
Used coffee grounds , in moderation , can do wonders for the garden by adding nitrogen to the soil .
Starbucks promote this through their eco-admirable “ Grounds for your Garden ” scheme ( it ’s a shame some of their other practices are n’t so benevolent ) .
Or maybe try one of these alternate uses , courtesy of Casey Nicholson at HowToDoThings .
Breakfast cereals almost always come in cardboard boxes containing a plastic cereal bag .
Open it carefully – because it makes a terrific freezer / food bag .
You can also grease it a little and use it to line the bottom of baking dishes .
And it ’s just the right size to store butter paper ( see above ) .
Wine bottles are destined for the bottle bin…or are they ?
Look at what those clever people at transglass did with theirs .
You can do better ?
That ’s the spirit !
That ’s just us .
What about your suggestions ?
Image : Ecoshikis / Junk Mail Gems / id chicago / Robert S. Donovan / Xbeckie boox / mah_japan / macinate / Orin Zebest / jbloom / mhaw / uzvards / Anderson Mancini / sarae / Thalita Carvalho / AEJHarrison / vyusseem / INeedCoffee & CoffeeHero / green umbrella / tmray02 .
7 silliest W3C specs ever published
W3C is producing lots and lots of good specifications and we seriously have their joined effort to thank for a lot of today 's web .
But everything released by them is n't all nice .
I 've digged deep into obscure search results to find , that 's right , the silliest specifications ever .
* Drumroll * .
HTML +TIME : Why not add timers to HTML ?
Did n't you always want to only display that div only the first 4 seconds after load .
Could this be combined with the blink tag somehow ?
Predefined icon entities :
No more images needed !
Instead , let browsers implement whatever icons they want and just use them by typing &calculator ; , & fax ; or & www ; .
I love the example icon for &gopher ; , is that an orc ?
CURIE Syntax :
There are also huge specifications for nothing .
What about a 2000 + word specifcation for the syntax : " charcters : characters " ?
This is what happens when you put too many " scientists " in one room .
Micropayments in HTML :
If you 're going to make micropayments on the web , first build your payment system , then add lots of attributes you do n't need .
Then make sure you pick a short code for your payment system , and get that one in the spec .
Ehmm .
No .
Selecting Payment Over HTTP : If you are into paying , but do n't really like interfaces , this one is for you .
You can't pay through it though , just select how to pay .
Makes sense , does n't it ?
CSS Marquee Module Level 3 : Remember the marquee element ?
What if you could implement that on any element , using only CSS3 ?
Is n't marquee behavior ?
I guess not .
" The deadline for comments is 1 September 2008 " .
Accessibility for old people : Very strange .
This is n't a specification but a literature review .
Could this be the first step for W3C to go into book recommendations ?
I love the chapter of how to define an old person .
That 's all I can find .
Now I leave it open to you to fill in with the comments about how useful they could be , and how SOAP should be in the list .
Over to you , dear audience .
As Clifford Krauss pointed out last spring , the United States , in response to increasing global demand , has become a major exporter of coal for the first time in years , forcing domestic buyers to compete with others from countries like Germany and Japan .
Now it appears that India — a giant in coal production itself — is doing some window - shopping of its own in American mine towns , not just to secure exports , but to invest .
( And all this at a time when the globe is ostensibly embracing a migration away from fossil fuels and the reduction of C0 2 emissions . )
Following up on a tidbit published in India ’s Business Standard last week , our New Delhi bureau chief , Somini Sengupta , confirms today that Santosh Bagrodia , India ’s coal minister , and Partha Sarathi Bhattacharya , the chairman of Coal India , were on a shopping trip in the Appalachians last week .
Ms. Sengupta wrote in an e-mail dispatch :
State - owned Coal India Ltd. , part of a five - company consortium , is searching for coal mines in the United States , Canada , Australia and Indonesia to satisfy India ’s sharply rising demand for coal to feed its power plants .
India already imports 50 million tons of coal every year , and its demand is projected to grow .
Indian officials say buying coal mines is a better way to secure supply and at potentially better prices .
‘ If we want to make foreign coal available in the country it should be through acquisitions , ’ said Mr. Bhattacharya , chairman of Coal India , who accompanied the Indian Coal Minister on the trip to the United States to explore private financing for the projects .
Mr. Bhattacharya said he was prepared to invest more than $ 4 billion from his company for the acquisitions , which are still in their nascent stages .
He said he was encouraged by falling prices of mines in the United States .
As a percentage of total production , foreign direct investment in coal production in the United States dropped precipitously in 2004 , from 21 percent to 14 percent , when RAG ( Germany ) , RWE ( Germany ) , and Itochu ( Japan ) sold their interests , according to data released earlier this year by the Energy Information Administration .
The largest remaining foreign companies active in coal production in the United States , according to the E.I.A. , are Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton ( Australia ) and Scottish Power .
Coal India , the largest producer in India , began signaling its interest in investing in foreign energy sources as far back as June .
“ Of course , it ’s a buyers market , ” Mr. Bagrodia , told Ms. Sengupta .
“ Money is not a problem . ”
A photo gallery of the scene at the hospital is now available on MassLive .
By PATRICK JOHNSON
pjohnson@repub.com
SPRINGFIELD - Mercy Medical Center officials said Thursday they will bring in experts on Friday to examine the second - floor window at 300 Stafford St. to which hundreds of people have flocked after reports that it was reflecting an apparition of the Virgin Mary .
The experts , an engineer with experience with the properties of glass , and a restoration professional , will look at the window 's structural integrity with an eye toward its preservation , said Mark M. Fulco , the hospital 's senior vice president of strategy and marketing .
The two experts , he said , will not try to determine if the image on the window is a legitimate apparition or anything dealing with its religious significance .
RELATED INFO
PHOTOS :
VIDEO :
PREVIOUS :
MORE :
Hundreds of people have continued to crowd into the parking lot on the Stafford Street side of the hospital since Tuesday , when a man said he saw an image of the Blessed Mother in the window .
Some of the faithful have been singing , some praying , and some reciting the rosary .
Some say they are seeking solace , and others medical cures for themselves or loved ones .
They were joined Thursday by trucks from the Boston media .
Springfield police directed the traffic .
Sister Katheen M. Sullivan , a senior vice president for the Sisters of Providence Health Systems , which runs Mercy Medical Center , said the continued turnout is a testimony of faith on the part of the community .
" It says a lot about the community of persons who have come out to see it , " she said .
" The world , the country , and the community are in chaos , and many of us are looking for signs of hope and signs of peace .
For the last three days , many have accepted the window is that . "
Fulco and Sister Kathleen said that the crowds have not presented a problem or interfered with the running of the hospital .
The window in question overlooks the parking lot leading to the emergency room entrance .
" Despite the tremendous outpouring of interest in the window , Mercy Medical Center is a busy hospital and medical center , " Fulco said .
" We ask that the public understand that our primary focus is caring for patients and maintaining a safe and appropriate healing environment . "
People going to to view the window have been asked to park in the lot for Sacred Heart Church at Chestnut and Stafford streets , and to walk to Mercy Medical Center , he said .
Fulco said the window was installed several years ago , and was due to be replaced .
Its replacement was delayed because the new window was the wrong size .
A preliminary investigation showed that a seal between the two panes of glass that make up the window must have failed and allowed water to get inside .
The image , which is on the inside of one of the two panes , may be the result of mineral deposits in the water , Fulco said .
The Pope has been in France , being given the red - carpet treatment during a three - day state visit that took him from Paris to Lourdes .
The Pope was visiting " the eldest daughter of the Catholic Church " , as France is known to the Vatican .
It is quite an event when a pope so attached to the traditionalist wing of the Church meets a French president so little attached to the principle of secularism .
In December last year , when Nicolas Sarkozy visited the Pope at the Vatican ( flanked by Carla Bruni 's mother , his putative future mother - in - law , and Jean - Marie Bigard , a stand - up comedian better known in France for his salacious jokes and his denial of the 9/11 bombings than for his piety ) , the president seized the opportunity to develop a new idea that he called " positive secularism " .
This past week , in Paris , Sarkozy did it again : advocating , in front of the evidently delighted Pope , the benefits of a secularism " more open to religions " .
In his speech , Benedict XVI blessed Sarkozy 's idea , making himself an actor in the current French debate .
Concerning the relations between the French state and the Church , he declared : " I pay tribute to your expression of positive secularism .
Indeed , there still remain many open areas of discussion which we must deal with and resolve with determination and patience .
I 'm convinced that we need to reflect on the true meaning and importance of secularism anew . "
Last year , while the French were still getting to grips with their new president , his first call for positive secularism was cautiously welcomed by the majority .
With the second , many are wondering aloud : " Since when was the secularism born of the Revolution negative ? "
To speak of positive secularism is to imply that there are two kinds of secularism , one good , the other bad .
The supposedly good one , put forward by the Pope and his acolyte Nicolas Sar kozy , is a secularism that would allow politics to mingle with religions .
One which would , for instance , turn a blind eye to sects and their actions , one which would accept that people be treated differently according to their faiths , one which would blur the frontiers between the public and private spheres .
Sarkozy certainly knows a great deal about the blurring of the two distinct worlds whose separation has been France 's trademark for at least two centuries .
Positive secularism would thus emerge to correct secularism as France has always known it , which the French must apparently now think of as negative : too rigorous , too restrictive , too extreme , a secularism that forces assimilation of a heterogeneous population rather than trying to create a tapestry rich with difference .
What the Pope and president pretend not to know is that there is no positive or negative secularism ( laïcité in French ) .
Secularism is neutral .
It is neither a dogma nor a doctrine .
If anything , it 's an abstention .
Secularism abstains from fav ouring one religion over another , or favouring atheism over religious belief .
It is a political principle that aims at guaranteeing the largest possible coexistence of various freedoms .
From a strictly legal perspective , secularism is extremely positive : it creates a universal freedom to believe or not to believe , and protects individuals from any public interference in their belief , provided that their belief or lack of it does not disturb the peace .
As the philosopher Catherine Kintzler wrote in the French weekly Marianne : unlike religion , secularism creates freedom .
What religion has ever recognised the rights to believe and not to believe ?
What religion has promoted the physical emancipation of women ?
What religion accepts what believers would deem to be blasphemous words ?
Instead of speaking of positive secularism , President Sarkozy would have done better to demand in the name of secularism that religions such as Catholicism be less exclusive in their political , intellectual and legal views - or , in other words , more positive .
According to the political scientist Caroline Fourest , author of a recent book on the Catholic Church , the sympathy between the Pope and the French president should n't be surprising .
Their " new idea " is a Trojan horse .
The term " positive secularism " was actually coined in 2005 by the then Cardinal Ratzinger , whose views have inspired two of President Sarkozy 's close aides and speechwriters , the practising Catholic Emmanuelle Mignon and the Dominican friar Philippe Verdin .
So what we have witnessed is Nicolas Sarkozy pretending to have an idea that originated at the Vatican , while the Pope , its delighted author , sits back and waits for the president to implement " his " idea .
A few days ago , in an interview with the Catholic French daily La Croix , Benedict 's private secretary clearly stated that the Holy Father expected the president of France to diligently transform this idea into acts .
Machiavelli would be impressed .
Universal is moving forward with a fourthmovie , tentatively titled “ .
writerhas been hired to pen the sequel .
Nolfi ’s other credits include The Sentinel , Ocean ’s Twelve and Timeline .
Directorand starare attached to the new film .
The film will be produced byand executive produced byandThis Bourne movie may still however , end up being significantly different from the others .
The first three movies were loosely based on a series of books by .
There is a fourth book , but it was n’t written by Ludlum and back in June , producer Frank Marshall indicated they ’d ignore the fourth book and go their own direction with the series .
At the time , he hinted that Bourne may be skipping out on his European locales for a trip to South America , and if previous talk turns out to be true , they should start shooting it this coming summer .
The first three films have brought in a combined total of $ 524 million at the domestic box - office .
By Robert Pigott
Religious Affairs Correspondent
Archbishop Tutu said tackling poverty was key to global security Archbishop Desmond Tutu has accused the Anglican church of allowing its " obsession " with homosexuality to come before real action on world poverty .
" God is weeping " to see such a focus on sexuality and the Church is " quite rightly " seen by many as irrelevant on the issue of poverty , he said .
It may be good to " accept that we agree to differ " on the gay issue , he said .
Archbishop Tutu was in London to address a conference organised by the Christian charity Tearfund .
The Church says its work on poverty tends to be overlooked .
The Bishop of Ripon and Leeds , John Packer , said that apart from the government , the Church of England was the biggest provider of social services at home .
The Anglican Communion was also a major contributor to international projects such as Make Poverty History and the Millennium Development Goals , he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More than 600 Anglicans marched through London in July to draw attention to the increasing danger that the goals - which include eradicating extreme poverty by 2015 - will not be met .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown told them that millions of people owed the Anglican Communion a debt of gratitude for upholding the cause of the poor .
Archbishop
Tutu told the conference in London that the Anglican Church was ideally placed to tackle poverty because of its presence at the heart of communities in the UK and overseas .
However , and speaking outside the conference hall to the BBC , he said he sometimes felt ashamed of his fellow Anglicans as they focussed obsessively on trying to resolve their disagreement about homosexuality while 30,000 people died each day because of poverty .
" We really will not be able to win wars against so - called terror as long as there are conditions that make people desperate , and poverty , disease and ignorance are amongst the chief culprits , " he said .
' Totally irrelevant '
" We seem to be engaging in this kind of , almost , past - time [ while ] there 's poverty , hunger , disease , corruption , " he told the BBC .
" I must imagine that God is weeping , and the world quite rightly should dismiss the Church in those cases as being totally irrelevant . "
Archbishop
Tutu accused some of his fellow Anglicans of going against the teaching of Jesus in their treatment of homosexual people by " persecuting the already persecuted " .
The South African Nobel peace laureate said traditionalists were wrong to suggest that gay people had chosen homosexuality and the dispute had to be kept in proportion .
It will be good for us obviously , to resolve our differences on this , and maybe accept that we agree to differ
Archbishop Desmond Tutu
" It will be good for us obviously , to resolve our differences on this , and maybe accept that we agree to differ , " he said .
For the Anglican Communion , that is more easily said than done .
Traditionalists suspect that the call for an end to discussions about homosexuality is designed to allow liberal developments to go unchallenged .
Others , including Bishop John Packer , insist that the Church must have a sexual ethic - a sense of what is right and wrong in sexual behaviour .
Most agree that only by staying united will it continue to exercise real influence on the world stage .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
“ The irony and hypocrisy of it is that this is a bone to the self - described ‘ pro - life ’ movement , but it will result in deaths to women who just want to space their births , ” said Dana Hovig , the chief executive of Marie Stopes International .
The organization estimates that the result will be at least 157,000 additional unwanted pregnancies per year , leading to 62,000 additional abortions and 660 women dying in childbirth .
That may overstate the impact .
Kent Hill , an official of the U.S. aid agency , insists that there will be no increase in pregnancies because the American contraceptives will simply be routed to other aid groups in Africa .
That will work to some degree in big cities .
But it ’s a fantasy in rural Africa .
Over the years , I ’ve dropped in on a half - dozen Marie Stopes clinics , and in rural areas there ’s typically nothing else for many miles around .
Women in the villages simply have no other source of family planning .
“ This nearsighted maneuver will have direct and dire consequences , ” a group of prominent public health experts in America declared in an open letter , adding that the action “ will translate almost immediately into increased maternal death and disability . ”
Proponents of the cut - off are not misogynists .
They are honestly outraged by forced abortions in China .
But why take it out on the most impoverished and voiceless people on earth ?
Mr. McCain seems to have supported Mr. Bush , mostly out of instinct , and when a reporter asked him this spring whether American aid should finance contraceptives to fight AIDS in Africa , he initially said , “ I have n’t thought about it , ” and later added , “ You ’ve stumped me . ”
Retrograde decisions on reproductive health are reached in conference rooms in Washington , but I ’ve seen how they play out in African villages .
A young woman lies in a hut , bleeding to death or swollen by infection , as untrained midwives offer her water or herbs .
Her husband and children wait anxiously outside the hut , their faces frozen and perspiring as her groans weaken .
When she dies , her body is bundled in an old blanket and buried in a shallow hole , with brush piled on top to keep wild animals away .
Her children sob and shriek and in the ensuing months they often endure neglect and are far more likely to die of hunger or disease .
In some parts of Africa , a woman now has a 1 - in - 10 risk of dying in childbirth .
The idea that U.S. policy may increase that toll is infuriating .
Solar power has a lot of promise , but until recently there has n't been an adequate way to store the energy the sun produces .
Scientists at MIT have come up with a new fuel cell process that mimics the way plants store the sun 's rays that is both efficient and inexpensive , not to mention environmentally sound .
Without getting too technical , the system uses sunlight to separate water 's hydrogen and oxygen atoms and then puts them back together in a fuel cell , providing energy .
This means an almost limitless supply of clean energy might be just a few years away , though it 's still too early to say when you 'll have what you want : a solar powered laptop .
[ PhysOrg ]
Advertisement
( CNN ) --
A new Republican ad appears to suggest that Barack Obama has all but won the presidential race , an argument several vulnerable Senate Republicans may have to reluctantly embrace with only days until Election Day , an expert in campaign advertising said .
Some Republicans are already planning on a Barack Obama presidency .
Aimed at Kay Hagan , Sen. Elizabeth Dole 's surprisingly strong Democratic challenger in North Carolina , the 30 - second spot from the National Republican Senatorial Committee warns voters against Democrats holding the White House and Congress , and flatly states that if Hagan wins , the party will " get a blank check . "
" These liberals want complete control of government in a time of crisis , all branches of government , " the ad's narrator states .
" No check and balances , no debate , no independence .
That 's the truth behind Kay Hagan .
If she wins , they get a blank check . "
Committee Online Communications Director John Randall denied that the ad is suggesting that GOP nominee John McCain will lose out on the White House .
" The NRSC is not conceding a Barack Obama presidency , " he said .
" Fiscally irresponsible liberals like Kay Hagan are not the answer in these tough economic times and would only make things worse .
Our ad was intended to highlight Hagan 's many failings in light of the Democrats ' promise to close debate should they control the executive and legislative branches of the federal government . "
But with polls warning of a GOP bloodbath November 4 , vulnerable senators in red states may have no other option but to suggest that Obama will capture the White House and warn that the Illinois senator needs to be checked by Senate Republicans .
Watch more on the fight for battleground states »
" They are basically painting the picture that the presidential race is over , " said Evan Tracey of Campaign Media Analysis Group , CNN 's consultant on ad spending .
" Overall , people prefer divided government .
This is that divided government argument : ' Do n't hand sole control over to one party . ' "
Do n't Miss Election Center 2008
The GOP is n't aiming to regain control of the evenly split Senate but to ensure that Democrats do n't reach 60 seats in the chamber -- the " magic number " that seemed unthinkable only a few months ago .
Should Democrats reach that number , the party could prevent Republicans from filibustering bills they oppose , and the GOP would be unable to block legislation they are against from going through .
The last time either party held such an edge was in 1977 , when Democrats held 61 Senate seats and Jimmy Carter was president .
It seems increasingly likely this year , with the economy flailing , the Republican brand in tatters and a Democratic presidential nominee who is causing extraordinary voter enthusiasm .
Vulnerable Senate Republicans in red states are hoping the doomsday scenario will cause enough independent - leaning voters to stick with them , even if they largely blame the GOP for the country 's current conditions .
Watch more on the GOP 's troubles »
" You 're going to see it in a lot of places these last 10 days , where you have vulnerable Republicans , because ultimately survival instincts are going to take over here , " Tracey said .
" It 's going to be less about whoever else is running and more about , ' How do I save myself ? ' "
Dole , once among the most popular figures in the GOP and head of the National Republican Senatorial Committee in 2006 , has become perhaps the most vulnerable of the red state Senate Republicans in what might be the clearest sign of the GOP 's woes this election season .
But several other red state Republicans are under unexpected pressure as well , including Georgia Sen . Saxby Chambliss , Mississippi Sen. Roger Wicker , Alaska Sen .
Ted Stevens and even Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky .
But the divided government argument may only further highlight McCain as a candidate who has already lost , even as the Arizona senator and his running mate head to a string of red states to convince voters that the race is n't over .
" There 's risk for the party in this argument , " Tracey said , " but people have specific mandates above the party mandates , and survival instincts are going to take over at some point . "
All About Republican Party • National Republican Senatorial Committee • Democratic Party
Beneath Toyota 's buffed shine lies a dark undercoat .
The Toyota Corporation enjoys a fine reputation for well - built cars , environmental innovation , flexible production lines and effective management practices .
But in its quest for ever - increasing efficiency , profitability and growth , the world 's largest auto manufacturer has sparked a race to the bottom that , like its car sales , is global in scope .
Around the world , the company has been complicit in union busting in the Philippines , and engages in cozy relationships with Burma / Myanmar 's military dictatorship .
In the U.S. - where Toyota has 13 facilities employing some 36,000 people , and sells an average of 56,923 vehicles each week - the need of the Big Three ( General Motors , Ford and Daimler Chrysler ) auto companies to compete is causing profound changes in the industry .
And in Japan , at its flagship operation in Toyota City , some 30 percent of the workforce is temporary workers who earn as little as half what permanent employees do .
In the surrounding area , a network of closely - related supplier companies utilizes thousands of foreign guest workers under conditions that , by many definitions , qualify as human trafficking .
Toyota Japan has also created a work environment so stressful that , each year , an estimated 200 to 300 employees are incapacitated or killed from overwork and stress related illness .
Prius in the Making
In 2002 , the year he died , Kenichi Uchino was 30 years old and married , with a three - year - old daughter and a one - year - old son .
He had worked as a quality control inspector for the Prius hybrid at Toyota 's Tsutsumi plant in Toyota City , north of Nagoya .
Following his father and grandfather , who were both lifetime Toyota employees , Uchino had joined the company right out of high school , and was a good worker .
But as Toyota management added more and more responsibilities to his work load , Uchino began to feel the strain of the enormous overtime that was expected - and mostly unpaid .
After his official , eight - hour shift was over , he prepared reports for the next shift .
He had additional tasks relating to health and safety and traffic control inside the plant .
Uchino was also a quality - circle leader .
Toyota prides itself on employee participation in problem solving and constant improvement .
Several times a month , workers meet in groups of ten or so , and are expected to submit at least two well - fleshed - out suggestions each month for improvement .
All this time - to meet , to coordinate the group , write up suggestions and so forth - took place off - the - clock .
Adding to their physical and mental strain , Toyota workers alternate weekly between day and night shifts .
On the day shift , Uchino routinely worked 13 to 15 hours a day , often six days a week , from 5:40 a.m. to 8:00 or 9:00 p.m .
The week before he died , he put in 85 hours counting the three hours he worked at home on Sunday .
The week he died , he was on the night shift , normally 70 hours a week , from 3:20 p.m. to 5:20 a.m .
He typically got home around 7:00 , just as his wife Hiroko was getting up to make breakfast .
But on the morning of February 9 , 2002 , he never came home .
At 4:20 a.m. , 13 hours into what would have been his regular 14 - hour shift , he collapsed in his office .
Twenty minutes later he was pronounced dead from a heart attack .
But the real cause of death , was a condition so common that a word was created to describe it : " karoshi , " literally death from overwork .
" He kept saying and hoping things would get better , " said Hiroko Uchino in an April interview , " but they did n't , and he died . "
Hiroko was left with two young children to support .
When Toyota refused to acknowledge her husband 's death as work - related , she went to the Japanese Labor Bureau and then to court to win his pension .
Kenichi Uchino had kept meticulous records of his work time , which totaled a stunning 155 hours of overtime in the 30 days before his death .
Toyota claimed that he had only worked 45 hours of overtime - saying that the rest of the time was voluntary .
Almost six years later , in November 2007 , the court recognized 110.5 hours of overtime ( putting aside the hours Uchino had worked offsite ) and judged that , indeed , Uchino had died of overwork .
This was the first time that anyone had won a judgment from Toyota establishing that karoshi qualified as a work accident .
But Hiroko Uchino did something else that was a first :
She spoke publicly about her husband 's death by overwork - practically a revolutionary act in a culture where families and communities are expected to be completely loyal to the companies that employ them . "
People do n't talk about the problems [ work - related illnesses and deaths ] as it reflects badly on Toyota , " Hiroko Uchino said .
" People tend to keep it to themselves . "
What Hiroko Uchino did not know , when she decided to fight for her children 's future , was that she would become the voice in Japan for Toyota 's overworked employees .
Uchino 's case paved the way for a July 2008 , Japanese Labor Bureau ruling that overwork was the cause of the January 2006 heart attack death of a lead engineer for Toyota 's Camry hybrid , days before the car was to be introduced at the Detroit Auto Show .
But pressure on workers to " ganbaru " - endure without complaint - remains so strong that the few cases make it into the legal system .
Those that do , are the " tip of the iceberg , " said a highly regarded lawyer familiar with karoshi and disability cases in the Nagoya / Toyota City area .
Speaking anonymously in an April 2008 interview , he charged that up to 300 Toyota workers suffer serious work - related illness or death each year .
Visit to a Toyota Factory
On the Toyota Motormachi shop floor , the intensity is palpable .
In April , a tour group , including this researcher , walked along an elevated pathway above the fray and observed the production lines at close range .
Some 4,700 full - time workers , plus a large number of temps and subcontract workers race to produce 13,000 cars and vans a month .
Efficiency has been taken the extreme .
Huge robotic arms that move with great power , precision and speed carry out jobs , such as putting together large components of the auto bodies .
The automation is controlled by computers on either side of the line .
Elsewhere in the factory , the production lines are mostly supplied by remote - controlled carts that zip along designated pathways .
The factory is a cacophony of machine noise and nursery rhyme melodies , each of which is actually an auditory warning that a cart is in motion .
The auto bodies move down the line , but not just one model at a time .
Each line is producing up to five different car models , according to demand .
The workers move quickly and with machine - like precision , installing a sedan 's rear door one minute , a minivan 's sliding door the next .
Highly specialized machinery assists .
A crane - like arm , for instance , grabs each door from the dolly where it sits lined up and waiting , and guides it into place on the auto body .
The arms are hung with every tool as well as pouches filled with all the screws and rivets that the human worker will need to install each different door .
The workers are in constant motion , fetching pieces , stretching , bending into the cars and back out again , meanwhile planning several steps ahead for the motions needed to handle the next , different model car .
After two hours , they get a ten - minute break ; two more hours work , a half - hour for lunch ; two more hours , and so on .
But very few workers seem to rest during the breaks .
Most are busy tidying and re-supplying their work areas .
Even with the physical assists , one experienced worker commented that the physical and mental stress are such that " few workers past 40 years of age can work on the fast - moving production line .... The work is just to hard and wearing . "
Almost a third of the assembly line workers at Toyota City are temporary employees who earn an average of $ 12.13 an hour .
These 10,000 temps toil alongside permanent workers , who earn almost twice as much - $ 20.49 an hour including bonuses .
The permanent workers also enjoy benefits including child subsidies , cheaper meals at the company cafeteria , and far greater job security .
Temps are , well , temporary , hired month - to - month , laid off at will and not represented by a union .
Company Union Supports Management , Not Workers
In line with the usual practice in Japan , Toyota 's official union , which represents only that company 's permanent employees , functions as a human resources management mechanism that does n't oppose management or stand up for worker interests .
According to a number of long - time Toyota employees interviewed by National Labor Committee researchers on an April 2008 research trip to Toyota City , the company union works hand - in - hand with management , and worker demands for raises , job actions or even challenges to management policy are out of the question .
Despite the fact that Uchino had been a union member in good standing , his widow charges that the union turned a deaf ear to her pleas for help in having his death ruled work - related and making his family eligible for his pension .
Nor has the union taken any position on the company 's continued activities in Burma , on behalf of workers at Toyota 's many Japanese supplier companies , or in response to requests for help by Toyota workers fired for organizing a union in the Philippines .
Toyota Troubling Supply Chain
People in Toyota City , home of Toyota 's corporate headquarters and seven sprawling plants , like to say that " All roads lead to Toyota . "
The adage is based in cartographic reality as well as the fact that Toyota 's own assembly facilities are constantly fed parts by the city 's robust network of car - related facilities .
The more than 400 suppliers in the area , employing an estimated 280,000 - plus workers , allow Toyota even greater flexibility and cost reduction .
Employment in these subcontractor plants is far more unstable and , according to many workers interviewed by National Labor Committee researchers , conditions are much tougher .
( The workers interviewed all insisted on anonymity , in most cases asking that not even the name of their subcontract company be mentioned . )
In its zeal to " increase productivity , " Toyota presses its suppliers to produce more and more for less and less money .
When there is a downturn in auto sales , the parts plants are the first to feel the pinch - and since a high percentage the workers at Toyota 's subcontract plants are temps , they are easily shed .
Extensive , obligatory overtime is the rule , and it is very common for workers not to be paid correctly .
For example , in one plant , workers interviewed normally worked 97 - hour - weeks , typically receiving only one or two days off a month and no paid holidays .
Some workers told investigators that their employers failed to pay what was owed .
Toyota 's supplier plants also make extensive use of guest or " trainee " workers - under conditions that in some respects qualify as human trafficking :
The workers , most of whom come from China and Vietnam , pay manpower agencies in their home countries as much as $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 for a two - or three - year contract .
Toyota 's website touts its commitment to diversity , calling it : " one of our top ten business initiatives , and our goal is to continue to foster best practices in every aspect of our business , including employment , dealers , procurement , communications and advertising , and philanthropy . "
Despite this commitment , Toyota 's foreign workers in Japan are second - class citizens .
On arrival the guest workers ' passports are confiscated .
During the first year as " trainees , " they are not covered by Japan 's labor or minimum wage laws .
They work alongside Japanese workers , putting in the same long hours , but often earning less than half the minimum wage - as little as $ 2.76 an hour , or $ 479 a month .
As guest workers , they are required to remain with the same employer - no matter how bad the working conditions - and to live in the company housing assigned to them - even though some are charged twice what their Japanese colleagues pay for comparable accommodations .
Any worker who tries to change jobs , or who complains about conditions may be forcibly deported .
By the time food , housing , and taxes are deducted , some guest workers end up earning less than $ 600 for an entire year , according to several advocacy organizations and unions that work with subcontract plant temp and guest workers .
Union Busting in the Philippines ; Supporting Burmese Dictators
It turns out , some of Toyota 's foreign workers did n't need to leave home to enjoy poor working conditions .
In March 2000 , despite years of management attacks , the workers of Toyota Motors Philippines Corporation won legal recognition and the right to bargain collectively .
Management 's response was to fire 227 newly elected union officers and members .
Toyota Motors Philippines refused to reinstate them despite orders from the Philippine Labor Ministry , the country 's Supreme Court , as well as urging from the International Labor Organization ( ILO ) and many other international bodies .
The ILO Working Group charged in 2003 , that Toyota in the Philippines is " an illustration of how a multinational company , apparently with little regard for corporate responsibility , has done everything in its power to prevent recognition and certification of the Toyota Motor Company Workers Association . "
Toyota headquarters in Japan has tried to distance itself from the situation , claiming that this is a " local matter " in which it would be inappropriate to intervene .
But given that Hiroshi Ito , the president of Toyota Philippines comes straight out of Toyota Japan headquarters along with 30 other Japanese managers , it is likely that a word from headquarters could bring Toyota Philippines into compliance .
Despite appeals for help , the official union at Toyota has also refused to support Toyota Philippines ' unionists , who continue to fight on - at great physical risk , given the level of political violence against unionists in the Philippines .
In Burma , Toyota Tsusho - part of the Toyota Group and 30 percent owned by Toyota Motors / Toyota Industries - is involved in several joint ventures with the military dictators .
The CIA noted Myanmar 's " military junta 's gross economic mismanagement , human rights abuses , and its policy of using forced labor .... "
Toyota Tsusho ( together with Suzuki ) is working with the military - run Myanmar Auto and Diesel Industries ( MADI ) in the manufacture and sale of vehicles - including , presumably , vehicles used by the military .
This collaboration with the military lends support to continued repression , the impoverishment of the Burmese people , and a broad pattern of human rights violation .
In September 2007 , according to the U.S. State Department , " the Burmese Government brutally cracked down on peaceful demonstrators , using gunfire , rubber bullets , batons , and tear gas against them and those observing in the vicinity .
The authorities killed at least 30 people during the crackdown and arrested more than 3,000 . "
At least two other Toyota Tsusho subsidiaries - Myanmar Toyota Tsusho which operates a commodities and auto parts business , and the Tomen Company - also operate in Burma .
Despite international embargoes and calls not to operate in Burma - since it is impossible to do business in the country except in partnership with members of the military or their families - Toyota has continued to generate revenues for the dictators , justifying its presence with the claim that Toyota Tsusho is a completely separate entity .
In a May 28 letter to Charles Kernaghan , director of the National Labor Committee , Steven P. Sturm , Toyota 's group vice president for the Americas wrote : " Toyota has carefully considered the current environment in Burma , has conveyed to Toyota Tsusho Corporation its concerns about that environment , and has asked Toyota Tsusho to reconsider its business activities in that country . "
Sturm noted that Toyota 's business in Burma is minimal .
Toyota Spearheads U.S. Race to the Bottom
In 2007 , the Wall Street Journal noted , " Toyota Motor Company ...now sets the bar for labor costs in the U.S. auto industry . "
Recognition of that influence was echoed that same years by Automotive News : " Toyota is going to set the pattern for the entire industry - wages , benefits and pensions . "
Toyota 's clout was driven by its increasing profitability and market share .
In the first quarter of 2008 , it passed General Motors to become the world 's largest auto company , selling 2.41 million vehicles compared to G.M. 's 2.25 million .
In the U.S in the first six months of 2008 , Toyota sold 300,000 more vehicles than G.M .
Toyota 's strategy has been simple : Build good cars ; hold wages and benefits down , to the degree possible .
And with U.S. car makers in a crisis of plummeting sales , plant closings and mass layoffs , holding down wages is becoming much more possible .
In the U.S. , Toyota has set up non-union plants in the South - far from the unionized auto industry stronghold of the Midwest .
Blunting support for unionization is Toyota 's practice of paying wages nearly on par with the U.S. auto companies ( around $ 25 an hour in comparison with G.M.'s $ 26 to $ 28 ) - although with much lower benefits .
Meanwhile the Big Three 's falling sales and market share have forced the American companies to adopt , and their workers to accept , two - tier wage and temporary worker schemes eerily similar to those used for years by Toyota - just to compete .
And the race to the bottom seems to be just warming up .
In September 2008 , an internal Toyota memo leaked from its Georgetown , Kentucky plant , laid out management 's plans to cut $ 300 million in labor costs in its U.S. operations .
In April 2008 , the Wall Street Journal reported that Toyota plans to end its practice of pegging its hourly wages to UAW rates , and will now pay new hires only 50 percent above the local prevailing wage .
In Kentucky , this would mean a savings of about 12 percent , or $ 3.00 per worker hour - which , of course , will put even more of a squeeze on the Big Three U.S. auto companies and their unionized workforce .
Barbara Briggs is assistant director of the National Labor Committee in Support of Worker and Human Rights .
In June 2008 , the New York - based NLC released a 60 page report , The Toyota You Don't Know : The Race to the Bottom in the Auto Industry .
The full report can be accessed via the NLC 's website : http://www.nlcnet.org/reports.php?id=562
AMP Section Name : Labor
Yes On 2 : Sponsored by the Prevention of Farm Animal Cruelty Act , Prop 2 says it 's c" ruel and inhumane to confine animals in cages so small they ca n’t turn around or stretch their limbs . "
Why ?
Because all animals ( tasty or otherwise ) deserve humane treatment , even animals raised specifically for nourishment .
Vote YES on Prop. 2 to save animals from unacceptable abuse .
No On 2 : Run for your lives , it 's the MEXICAN EGGS !!!!!!!!!!!!
Early on , Segways developed a reputation for being useless and nerdy , but in the last few years people have found plenty of things you can do with , or on , a segway .
The personal transporters are becoming more popular as gas prices rise and more uses are found .
Keep in mind , these are things you can do if you have the skill and the balance to ride a Segway as they are made to be ridden .
1. Play Polo
Segway Polo is just like regular polo , except the players ride Segways instead of horses .
The first organized match was in 2004 , and now the game is played worldwide , overseen by the International Segway Polo Association .
The international championship tournament is called the Woz Challenge Cup ( yes , named after Steve Wozniak ) and has been held annually since 2006 .
( image credit : Luiza )
2. Off - Road Sports
Some Segway enthusiasts have used a Segway as an ATV , skateboard , bicycle , skates , or an SUV .
How fun is it to go " four - wheelin ' " on two wheels ?
3. Play Golf
Spice up your golf game with the Segway X2 Golf !
It 's a special model with tires that wo n't hurt the turf and attachments to hold your golf club bag and a scorecard .
4. Urban Sightseeing
Sightseeing can be tiring and hard on the feet .
That 's why so many cities and historical areas offer Segway guided tours .
From Anchorage to Zurich , you can find a Segway tour that allows you to see the sights close up without wearing yourself out .
( image credit : iluvcocacola )
5. Build a Wheelchair
Spanish designer Josep Mora took a Segway , added a seat , a kick stand , a folding handlebar , and ramp .
The result is a motorized wheelchair ( which is not endorsed by Segway ) .
See a video of the chair in action .
6. Make an Arrest
Long Beach , New York police officer Jose Miguez gave chase to a stolen Mercedes while on a Segway .
At 12 mph , he could n't keep up with a car , but he kept the vehicle in sight until the teenagers who stole it abandoned the car as it crashed .
It was easy to catch up with the perpetrators when they were on foot .
Many police forces and security departments are finding that Segways save them money in many ways .
Outfit a police department with Segways and you 'll find you can cover more area with fewer officers walking the beat .
Replacing just a few police cars with segways saves money on gasoline , maintenance , insurance , and parking space .
But most importantly , many law enforcement units purchase Segways with Homeland Security grants , so the initial outlay is practically zero .
7. Deliver Pizza
The owner of Nonni's Italian Eatery in Concord , New Hampshire is battling the high price of gasoline by delivering pizzas via Segway .
Mathew Mitnitsky modified the Segway to hold pizzas .
He says it saves " a ton of money . "
8. Race !
The Segway Challenge is an obstacle course race for Segways .
It 'sÂ part of Gen Con Indy , a gamer convention in Indianapolis .
They hold open rides for those who want to try it out , and a tournament to see who is the best Segway rider of all .
The next Gen Con Indy will be August 13 - 16 , 2009 .
9. Walk Your Daughter Down the Aisle
Bruce Dickson has a neuromuscular disability that makes walking difficult .
He traded in a wheelchair for a Segway to get him where he needs to go .
His favorite Segway memory is his daughter 's wedding , in which he was able to escort her to the altar on his Segway .
Dickson was concerned that he would roll over her dress and tear it , or somehow draw attention away from the bride , but the outdoor wedding came off perfectly .
He has also used a Segway for fishing , dancing , and at work .
Â Dickson is a lawyer in Washington , DC , a city where Segways are more popular than other places , possibly because of the wide sidewalks and long distances to cover .
10 . Take a Road Trip
You could ride a Segway long distances , like across the continent , but at a maximum of 12 mph , it would take a long time .
100 days , to be exact , as Hunter Weeks and Josh Caldwell found out when they traveled from Seattle to Boston on Segways .
They quit their jobs for the project , a luxury you probably can't afford .
But you can enjoy their adventure vicariously by watching the movie 10 MPH .
The film is here in its entirety , 93 minutes .
11 . Dance
I do n't know the story behind this picture of a Segway ballet , but it looks like fun !
( image credit : gunnyrat )
12 . Make Friends
Tens of thousands of people have purchased Segways since they went on sale in 2002 .
More people are turning to Segways as gas prices rise .
But those people are spread far and wide .
So they meet online at Segway Social , a social networking site for Segway owners .
At Segway Social , you can share Segway stories and tips , find a " glide " ( a Segway route ) map , and meet other " gliders " in your area .
( image credit : Lady Madonna )
Special thanks to Kathleen Pierce for researching this article .
The granddaughter of Anne of Green Gables ' author Lucy Maud Montgomery has revealed that her grandmother killed herself with a drugs overdose at the age of 67 .
LM
Montgomery , who died in 1942 , is one of Canada 's best - loved authors , and wrote 19 other novels as well as the hugely popular children 's classic .
Kate Macdonald Butler , daughter of Montgomery 's youngest son Stuart Macdonald , made the long - kept family secret public in an article for Canada 's Globe and Mail .
" I have come to feel very strongly that the stigma surrounding mental illness will be forever upon us as a society until we sweep away the misconception that depression happens to other people , not us – and most certainly not to our heroes and icons , " she wrote .
Macdonald Butler was also prompted to break the family 's silence by the heightened focus on Montgomery this year , which marks the 100th anniversary of the publication of Anne of Green Gables .
" Despite her great success , it is known that she suffered from depression , that she was isolated , sad and filled with worry and dread for much of her life , " Macdonald Butler wrote .
She said that Montgomery had to cope both with " her husband 's mental illness and the restrictions of her life as a clergyman 's wife and mother in an era when women's roles were highly defined " .
The family , which was consulted before Macdonald Butler wrote her article , has never spoken publicly about the extent of Montgomery 's illness before .
Hiterto , it was generally understood that she had died from heart failure .
" What has never been revealed is that LM Montgomery took her own life at the age of 67 through a drug overdose .
I was n't told the details of what happened , and I never saw the note she left , but I do know that it asked for forgiveness , " Macdonald Butler wrote .
Montgomery 's most famous literary creation was the redheaded orphan Anne Shirley , who is sent by mistake to Matthew and Marilla Cuthbert on Prince Edward Island , where she declares : " My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes . "
Macdonald Butler said the lament had always been especially poignant to her , as she imagined her grandmother must have felt the same sadness at times in her life .
" The fictional Anne went on to happiness and a life full of love and fulfilment .
My grandmother 's reality was not so positive , although she continues to inspire generations of readers with her books , which reveal her understanding of nature – both in matters of the heart and the world , " she wrote .
" I hope that by writing about my grandmother now there might be less secrecy and more awareness that will ease the unnecessary suffering so many people experience as a result of such depressions . "
In the name of " defin[ing ] clear standards as to how much of its articles and broadcasts bloggers and Web sites can excerpt " the Associated Press is now selling " quotation licenses " that allow bloggers , journallers , and people who forward quotations from articles to co-workers to quote their articles .
The licenses start at $ 12.50 for quotations of 5 - 25 words .
The licensing system exhorts you to snitch on people who publish without paying the blood - money , offering up to $ 1 million in reward money ( they also think that " fair use " — the right to copy without permission — means " Contact the owner of the work to be sure you are covered under fair use . " ) .
It gets better !
If you pay to quote the AP , but you offend the AP in so doing , the AP " reserves the right to terminate this Agreement at any time if Publisher or its agents finds
Your use of the licensed Content to be offensive and / or damaging to Publisher 's reputation . "
Over on Making Light , Patrick Nielsen Hayden nails it :
The New York Times , an AP member organization , refers to this as an " attempt to define clear standards as to how much of its articles and broadcasts bloggers and Web sites can excerpt . "
I suggest it 's better described as yet another attempt by a big media company to replace the established legal and social order with with a system of private law ( the very definition of the word " privilege " ) in which a few private organizations get to dictate to the rest of society what the rules will be .
See also Virgin Media claiming the right to dictate to private citizens in Britain how they 're allowed to configure their home routers , or the new copyright bill being introduced in Canada , under which the international entertainment industry , rather than democratically - accountable representatives of the Canadian people , will get to define what does and does n't amount to proscribed " circumvention . "
Hey , why have laws ?
Let 's just ask established businesses what kinds of behaviors they find inconvenient , and then send the police around to shut those behaviors down .
Imagine the effort we 'll save .
Welcome to a world in which you wo n't be able to effectively criticize the press , because you 'll be required to pay to quote as few as five words from what they publish .
Welcome to a world in which you wo n't own any of your technology or your music or your books , because ensuring that someone makes their profit margins will justify depriving you of the even the most basic , commonsensical rights in your personal , hand - level household goods .
The people pushing for this stuff are not well - meaning , and they are not interested in making life better for artists , writers , or any other kind of individual creators .
They are would - be aristocrats who fully intend to return us to a society of orders and classes , and they 're using so - called " intellectual property " law as a tool with which to do it .
Whether or not you have ever personally taped a TV show or written a blog post , if you think you 're going to wind up on top in the sort of world these people are working to build , you are out of your mind .
Link
T- Mobile has seen incredible success thus far with the G1 handset preorders .
They ’re doing so well in fact that they had to nearly triple the amount of handsets available for the October 22nd release .
Because of overwhelming demand , we ’re setting aside even more T - Mobile G1â „ ¢ phones as a special thanks to you , our loyal T - Mobile customers .
This is your chance to order yours today , before it hits the streets , and guarantee you do n’t go without .
– T - MobileG1.com
This comes as good news for T - Mobile as they aim to claw their way towards becoming the third largest wireless carrier in the USA .
With Sprint having a few down quarters in a row and T - Mobile continuing to add net customers , this handset might be what is needed to catapult them towards the top three .
It might take more than a few lucky quarters to get them in there , but it ’s becoming more obvious to us by the week that T - Mobile is a much more progressive thinking company than most .
Dan Hesse has done some great things for Sprint so far , but he ’s got to keep his foot on the gas .
Hopefully , there ’s a few tricks up his sleeve for the end of this year as we wait for their Android handset .
Congratulations to T - Mobile on the initial success of the G1 !
Hopefully , once the handsets are in the world , users are showing them off and bringing new customers in droves , wanting their phones to do similar things .
If preorders ai n’t your thing , you can sign up for the email alert that let ’s you know the second the G1 hits the street .
The other day , I got an email from friend I have had since I was a child asking for money for a cause they are involved in .
We do not talk that often ; maybe once every few months and generally about nothing all that important .
But recently , his child was diagnosed with autism ( at 3 years old ) and they have gotten involved with Autism Speaks , the organization that works with families dealing with autism .
And right now they have a fundraiser going on and they asked me to donate some money to their fundraising account .
Of course I did , but it got me thinking about the etiquette of asking friends , family and co-workers for donations to causes that you are involved in .
When you ask someone you know for money for a cause close to your family , that person has to give the money asked for , right ?
How would you possibly get away with not donating to a cause your friend or family member is involved in ?
I think it would be impossible .
I am not saying that you SHOULD want to get out of it ; but rather that you do n’t really even have a choice .
Do you ?
Am I missing something ?
Seems
I am not the only one thinking about this , as I just came across an article over at Paid Twice where she wrote about school fundraisers and being asked to participate .
While I would fully donate to any of my own child ’s fundraisers ( my wife is a teacher , believe me – they need the money badly ) , I am not sure I would donate to another child ’s regular old public school .
My friend ’s cause , autism , deals directly with their own kid – so I donated what I could at this point .
But it did get me thinking about the etiquette of what you can ask for and what you should n’t ask for , and how people react to different situations .
What do you guys think ?
Do you only give when it is directly related to a friend ’s situation or your child ’s school ?
Or do you give for any and all that come along ?
How do you decide ?
Washington , D.C. , October 24 , 2008 - Today , in response to a petition filed by the National Security Archive and several historical associations , the National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) released the previously secret grand jury transcripts of eight witnesses related to Cold War espionage prosecutions .
The nearly 300 pages of transcripts from the Brothman / Moskowitz grand jury reveal important new details about the testimony of Elizabeth Bentley , the so - called “ Red Spy Queen , ” and Harry Gold , who led authorities to David Greenglass and the Rosenbergs .
In addition , NARA released the testimonies of Vivian Glassman , Edith Levitov , and Frank Wilentz from the Rosenberg grand jury .
“ The release of these additional grand jury records marks an important victory for historians , archivists , and the American people , ” stated Meredith Fuchs , the National Security Archive ’s General Counsel .
“ It adds to the historical record on the most important espionage trial in American history , which was a defining moment of the Cold War , and helps us better understand how our society responded to the threat of Soviet espionage . ”
The government , through the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York , had opposed the release of the Brothman / Moskowitz materials .
On August 26 , 2008 , however , Judge Alvin Hellerstein decided they were of “ substantial historical importance ” and ordered them released .
The government declined to appeal that ruling .
“ The disclosure of the Rosenberg and Brothman / Moskowitz transcripts bears witness to the idea that historically valuable grand jury records should , after a reasonable period of time , be made public , ” explained David Vladeck , counsel for the Archive and the historical associations that supported the petition and a professor at the Georgetown University Law Center .
“ Keeping our nation ’s history secret serves no legitimate purpose .
These records were too important to be left to gather dust on the shelves of the National Archives .
Now that they have been released , historians and the American people can come to grips with their own history . ”
During the 1940s , Abraham Brothman gave secret industrial information to Elizabeth Bentley , who turned it over to the Soviet Union .
Bentley eventually ended that relationship , but Harry Gold replaced her as a conduit to the Soviets .
Both Bentley and Gold eventually became FBI informants and provided information that let authorities to Brothman and his business partner Miriam Moskowitz .
Both Brothman and Moskowitz were convicted of obstruction of justice and served terms in prison .
The Brothman / Moskowitz and Rosenberg cases were linked from the start , sharing some key witnesses and the same cast of investigators and prosecutors .
The same judge also handled both cases .
One of the transcripts that will be released today documents a third grand jury appearance by Harry Gold , a colorful character who played a principal role in both spy rings .
As historian Allan Hornblum of Temple University explained in his declaration for this lawsuit :
“ [ I ] f Gold had not confessed , he would not likely have been convicted and jailed for 16 years .
The authorities would not likely have discovered David Greenglass and the Rosenbergs .
The Rosenbergs would not have been executed ; Greenglass , [ Morton ] Sobell , William Perl , and others would not have been imprisoned , and several Soviet spy rings would not have been dismantled . ”
The testimony of several witnesses from the Rosenberg grand jury who are still living and who opposed release , including Ethel Rosenberg ’s brother David Greenglass , remain sealed .
The petitioners who won the lawsuit to release most of the Rosenberg and Brothman / Moskowitz grand jury records include the National Security Archive at George Washington University , the American Historical Association , the American Society for Legal History , the Organization of American Historians , the Society of American Archivists , and New York Times reporter Sam Roberts .
The petitioners are represented by David Vladeck of the Institute for Public Representation at the Georgetown University Law Center , who also served as counsel on the successful Alger Hiss grand jury petition , and Debra L. Raskin , at Vladeck , Waldman , Elias & Engelhard in New York .
Read the Transcripts from the Brothman / Moskowitz grand jury
Elizabeth Bentley
Harry Gold ( Statement read by Thomas Donegan )
Harry Gold , part 1
Harry Gold , part 2
Louis Benson
David Bohm
Abraham Brothman , part 1
Abraham Brothman , part 2
Abraham Brothman , part 3
Abraham Brothman , part 4
Abraham Brothman , part 5
Benedict DeBuff
Thomas Donegan , part 1
Thomas Donegan , part 2
Miriam Moskowitz , part 1
Miriam Moskowitz , part 2
Francis O'Brien
The 10 Most Haunted Places in America
by www.SixWise.com
If you love a good ghost story and are fascinated by things that go bump in the night , you 'll want to add these 10 most haunted places in America to your travel itinerary .
They 're sure to promise a good scare !
The Bachelor 's Grove Cemetery was empty when this photo was taken ( the woman appeared only after the photo was developed ) .
1. Bachelor 's Grove Cemetery , Midlothian , IL
This 1800s - era cemetery has been largely abandoned since 1965 , and since then has fallen victim to vandals .
Among the toppled tombstones it is said that satanic and occultist groups perform ceremonies , and over 100 reports of strange phenomena have been collected .
Among them , ghost lights , inexplicable lights and voices , apparitions , strange photos , anomalous recordings and sightings of unbelievable creatures .
There is also a nearby haunted lagoon , a phantom farmhouse and a stretch of haunted turnpike near Bachelor 's Grove .
2. The Lemp Mansion , St. Louis , Missouri
Built in the 1860s by the Lemp family ( who created " Falstaff " beer ) , the Lemp Mansion is said to be haunted by the family , which was surrounded by tragedy .
William Lemp 's son died in 1904 , and afterward William committed suicide in the house .
In 1920 , his daughter also committed suicide , and later so did William Lemp , Jr. , and Charles Lemp , leaving the family completely torn apart .
Since then , the house was sold and became a boarding house and later , in 1977 , a fine restaurant ( which is still open today ) .
Workers and boarding tenants have reported feelings of being watched , vanishing tools , strange sounds , apparitions , glasses flying through the air , a piano playing by itself , voices and other strange occurrences .
3. Villisca Ax Murder House , Villisca , Iowa
In 1912 , the J.B. Moore family ( the parents and their four children ) , along with two children who were staying over that night , was murdered in their beds in a shocking crime for this otherwise small , peaceful community .
The murders were never solved , but since then many unusual phenomena have been reported in the house .
The Moore home was restored and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 , and today is open to overnight visitors .
Guests have reported children 's voices and laughter , falling lamps , moving objects , and odd sounds , while others have recorded audio , video and photographic evidence of supernatural activities .
Psychics who have visited the home have also reportedly communicated with spirits .
4. The Old Slave House ( Hickory Hill ) , Junction , IL
The Hickory Hill mansion was built in 1842 by a wealthy man , John Hart Crenshaw , who owned several salt tracts .
Although it was illegal to own slaves in Illinois at this time , it was legal to lease slaves from other states to work in the salt mines .
Crenshaw imprisoned slaves , some of whom were kidnapped , in the attic of the mansion in narrow cells and manacles .
He reportedly tortured and beat the slaves for many years , and also " bred " his own slaves , until eventually his cruel practices were discovered and he retired to become a farmer .
In the 1920s , the house was opened as a tourist attraction where slavery existed in Illinois , however tourists began reporting sounds of people crying and moaning coming from the attic , cold chills , and whispers .
Things intensified when a ghost hunter named Hickman Whittington went to the attic shortly after it opened and spent a few hours there .
Though he was in perfect health at the time , he died a few hours after leaving the mansion .
Reportedly , hundreds of people tried to spend the night in the attic after Whittington 's death , but would leave , terrorized , before morning ( one man did finally spend the night there in 1978 , and reported strange sounds ) .
Currently , the Hickory Hills mansion is owned by the state of Illinois , and is scheduled to open as a historic site ( but has not yet re-opened to visitors ) .
Stairs to the ceiling in the Winchester Mansion , San Jose , California .
5. The Winchester Mansion , San Jose , California
Sarah Winchester , a wealthy widow , built the 160 - room Victorian Winchester mansion in 1884 .
It was such an unprecedented project that construction workers worked on the home 24 hours a day for 38 years .
The home has many bizarre features , built to keep out evil spirits , including false doors , a room built for séances ( where Sarah developed building plans that ghosts sent to her ) and a stairway that leads to the ceiling , and many supernatural occurrences have happened there .
Sarah Winchester reportedly spoke to spirits nightly at midnight and since then people have reported organ music in the Blue Room where Sarah died , apparitions , cold spots , a smell of chicken soup in the kitchen , red balls of light and more .
Today visitors can take tours of the mansion ( including special nighttime flashlight tours ) .
6. Bobby Mackey 's Music World , Wilder , Kentucky
Bobby Mackey 's Music
World is a dance hall that was once ( in the 1850s ) a slaughterhouse .
Devil worshippers reportedly used the slaughterhouse 's basement , which collected animal blood , for rituals , including one in which a woman was beheaded .
In the 1920s , the building was a speakeasy and several mob murders reportedly occurred on the site .
Since it was converted into a dancehall in 1976 , at least 30 people have signed affidavits that supernatural happenings have occurred there , including appearances of ghosts dressed in old - fashioned , cowboy - type clothing .
A customer even claims to have been assaulted by a ghost in the bathroom , which caused him to break his arm .
He 's suing Bobby Mackey for not ridding the building of spirits .
Strange images in the mirror at the Myrtles Plantation ( photo taken by a guest at the inn ) .
7. Myrtles Plantation , St. Francisville , Louisiana
Now a bed - and - breakfast , the Myrtles Plantation is said to house many ghosts and spirits due to 10 murders and 1 suicide that have occurred there since it was built in 1796 .
Among them are the ghosts of Cleo , a former slave who was hung for poisoning two little girls , the ghosts of the little girls , and William Winter , a former owner who was shot on the front porch .
Other apparitions seen by visitors include ghosts from the slave graveyard on the property , and a ghost that meets guests at the inn's gate and says the plantation is closed .
A psychic who visited the building said visiting the parlor was like walking into a " crowded cocktail party of spirits , " while the owner of the bed - and - breakfast said the ghosts have proven to her that there 's life after death .
8. John Stone's Inn , Ashland , Massachusetts
Captain John Stone 's
Inn is a 164 - year - old pub , which once served as a hiding place for runaway slaves and was the location of speeches by Daniel Webster .
Customers and employees of the pub report the apparition of a 10 - year - old girl in a storage room near the kitchen , moving objects and invisible hands that hold their hands under the ice when filling ice buckets .
There were two televised séances held here during which the spirits of a little girl , a woman innkeeper and Captain John Stone were reportedly contacted .
9. Devil 's Promenade , Hornet , Missouri
There is an unexplained ball of orange light that has been seen every night since 1866 on a two - mile stretch of road known as the Devil 's Promenade .
Legend suggests the light is the ghost of two Quapaw Indians who were in love and committed suicide together .
Another theory is that it is the lantern of a miner 's ghost who is looking for his missing wife and children , who were abducted .
The light -- also called the Hornet Ghost Light , the Neosho Spook Light , and the Devil 's Jack o' Lantern -- is known to enter cars , dodge people and leave glowing traces and sparks behind as it moves .
The Army Corps of Engineers investigated the phenomenon in 1946 and concluded it was " a mysterious light of unknown origin . "
The light was also investigated by the Ghost Research Society in 1983 , which found it was a diamond - shaped light with a hollow center .
10 . United States Air Force Museum , Dayton , Ohio
Night guards report moving objects , apparitions and unexplained voices and sounds at this military museum .
Among the occurrences :
Parts from the " Lady Be Good , " a B - 24 that crashed in the Libyan Desert in World War II , killing seven crewmembers , move by themselves .
Strange lights appear in the " Strawberry Bitch , " another B - 24 .
The ghost of the helicopter " Hop - Along 's " co-pilot can be seen flipping switches in an attempt to get the craft moving .
The " Black Maria , " a helicopter , is haunted by its pilot , who was killed in Vietnam .
The ghost of a Japanese boy has been seen standing next to " Bockscar , " the bomber that dropped the A - bomb on Nagasaki .
Recommended Reading
Six of the World 's Grimmest Tourist Destinations
The Catacombs of Paris : Unusual & Interesting Tourist Destinations
Sources
PrairieGhosts.com
Paranormal Travel Guide
Associated Content
The Winchester Mystery House
The Myrtles Plantation
SEPTEMBER 24--Meet Jose Cruz .
In the long history of American jurisprudence , the West Virginia man may be the first defendant to ever be charged with passing gas in the face of a law enforcement officer .
Cruz , 34 , was driving with his car 's headlights off Monday night when he was pulled over by West Charleston cops , who noted that Cruz appeared to be intoxicated .
After failing a series of field sobriety tests , Cruz was arrested and transported to police headquarters , where he allegedly committed another offense , according to a September 23 criminal complaint ( a copy of which you can find here ) .
While being fingerprinted , Cruz allegedly ' lifted his leg and passed gas loudly on Ptlm .
Parsons .
The defendant then fanned the air with his hand in front of his rear onto ' the cop .
' The gas , ' the complaint notes , ' was very odorous and created contact of an insulting or provoking nature with Ptlm.
Parsons . '
In addition to the DUI count , Cruz was also charged with battery on a police officer for the farting incident .
In a TSG interview , Cruz said that while he ' farted multiple times , ' it ' was n't directly in [ the cop 's ] face . '
Asked if he fanned the fetid air toward the officer , Cruz admitted that he did , but said it was in retaliation for the cop insisting he take a breath test while he was having an asthma attack .
' I said , ' Here , put that in your Breathalyzer , ' he recalled .
Cruz , who works as a boilermaker , said that he has been arrested more than a dozen times , including twice previously for drunk driving .
After posting $ 500 bond , Cruz was released this morning from a Charleston jail where he had been held on the misdemeanor charges .
( 4 pages )
Interview : Bill Seyler of Pentaho on Business Intelligence
by Ostatic Staff - Aug. 11 , 2008
Are you familiar with Pentaho ?
The Florida - based company was founded by a team of Business Intelligence ( BI ) industry veterans from commercial BI companies including Cognos , Hyperion , IBM , Oracle , and more .
Pentaho offers a suite of open source BI applications , and , akin to how Red Hat works , gets its revenues from support and management services for its enterprise customers .
( It also offers a commercial Enterprise Edition . )
We recently checked in with Bill Seyler , a Senior Software Engineer at Pentaho .
Among other thoughts , he points out that open source is in need of better monetization models .
OStatic : Can you give the readers an idea of your specific role and involvement on Pentaho ?
I am a Senior Software Engineer at Pentaho .
I was lucky enough to be employee number two , so I have a unique perspective on the evolution of Pentaho .
I 'm a jack of all trades when it comes to the Pentaho BI Platform .
I 've worked extensively on the Pentaho datasources , charting engine , RDBMS repository , runtime engine , scheduler , metadata editor , and many of the action sequence components .
OStatic :
Are there other projects you 're involved in ?
I am the Project Manager ( and contributer ) to the Halogen project .
Halogen is an incubation project spun off by Pentaho to both validate the Olap4J library and to test the feasibility of using GWT as a front end to an OLAP slicer / dicer .
The proof of concept went together so well that it was decided we would try to use it to spawn a replacement for the JPivot that is currently being used in the Pentaho BI Platform and bundled with Mondrian .
I 'm also a contributor to Olap4J .
OStatic : A lot has been said about the reason people contribute to open source .
What are your reasons for getting involved ?
What motivates you to participate , and then freely give your work away ?
Being an employee of a commercial open source company makes giving away software my day job .
However , I 'm hooked on the movement .
Writing code and then seeing others use it in totally unforeseen ways is one of the greatest feelings I 've had as a developer .
I 've worked in the proprietary BI world before Pentaho and the only feedback we got from users were bug reports and the only code we wrote was PM directed .
Being able to discuss the direction of a project with users and other contributors gives a level of input I never had in the proprietary world .
OStatic : Pentaho is a commercial entity with investors , professional management and a team of dedicated contributors .
Given this , how important is it to remain open source and what are some of the challenges you 've faced as a result of this ?
Pentaho is primarily an open source company , and 95 percent of our code is in open source .
Having said that , we do have a commercial project call the Pentaho Enterprise Edition .
Our commitment to the open source movement is that there is no feature in the Enterprise Edition that does n't exist in the open source ( and it 's even documented ) .
The Enterprise Edition builds on the open source platform and includes ease - of - use and tool enhancements that allows easier administration of the Pentaho Enterprise Edition .
We do n't believe in a " bait and switch , " where you put out a teaser project to get the user to pay big bucks for the " real " code .
We 're just as happy selling you services as we are selling you the Pentaho Enterprise Edition .
That being said , we put some very high quality and universally useable code into the open source domain .
Much of our code is being used directly or indirectly by our competitors .
Richard Daly ( our CEO ) calls this the " price of commercial open source . "
OStatic :
What are some of your closest ( open source , closed source ) competitors ?
What advantages / disadvantages does Pentaho have over these ?
We 're going after all the big traditional propriety BI vendors .
These by name would be Cognos , Oracle BI Service , Business Objects , etc .
We have very extensive domain experience in the same areas these companies play in ( many of our employes used to work for one or more of these companies ) .
I view the proprietary model of creating , marking , selling , and supporting BI as a dinosaur .
They 're going to be extinct at some point in the future and like the dinosaurs , they wo n't see it coming until it has already passed .
How many BI projects have you heard of that came in over budget or did n't come in at all ?
Big companies charge big license fees for their software and then charge big consulting fees to get the project set up and working in the way the customer wanted .
With Pentaho you do n't pay the big licensing fee .
You can devote the allocated budget to making your solution work .
In addition , you can use the platform at no cost , develop in - house solutions and pay for support and consulting only if and when you need it .
It makes evaluations , POCs , and feasibility studies much less costly and increases the likeliness that you can bring the project to fruition .
In the open source domain we have only one big competitor on our radar , and that is Jaspersoft ( see our interview ) .
Calling Jaspersoft a true BI Platform is stretching the definition .
I would call it a reporting platform .
In that sense it does a very good job and is a worthy competitor to Pentaho .
It does have its drawbacks : a true runtime engine , ETL , metadata , ad - hoc reports , and external tool integration are all areas that are weak or non-existent in Jaspersoft .
Interestingly , it uses Pentaho Analysis Services ( Mondrian ) for its OLAP analytics .
The area that Jaspersoft really shines is in its ease of use .
It 's very easy to use and has a sexy user interface .
This is a challenge that we 've taken to heart at Pentaho and are currently engaged in putting a more user friendly face on our products .
Lastly , Jaspersoft pulls you in with it 's open source product to try and sell it proprietary version .
Right now it comes down to substance vs looks .
Soon looks wo n't be an issue .
OStatic :
What types of people / companies adopt your product ?
Are there any anecdotal comments you can make about any interesting or unusual users / uses of your product ?
Adopters of Pentaho range from mom and pop businesses to Fortune 500 companies .
Since we offer a suite of interoperable products , many customers do n't use the entire platform .
Some only have ETL requirements , others only reporting .
I think it 's comforting knowing that the others services exist if they need them .
You can check out a list of reference customer successes online .
OStatic :
What , in your opinion , are the biggest challenges facing the open source movement in the coming years ?
Monetization is the number one problem with open source .
It 's nice to write code that everyone uses but you still have to feed your family .
Walking that edge where open source can make money but still not constrict people from using it is the challenge to overcome .
Commercial open source companies have been refining this model for the last 5 years or so .
To that end , I 'm not sure there is one good answer that will work for every project .
OStatic :
Will you name for us your five favorite FOSS projects ?
1. Pentaho BI
( You gotta go with the home team )
2. Mondrian
3. Kettle
4. JFreeChart
5. Halogen
OStatic : Thanks , Bill .
Microsoft 's latest " I'm a PC " advertising campaign kicked off pretty well , but someone , somewhere , thought it was missing something .
And by " something " we mean the lunacy of Steve Ballmer shouting at the top of his lungs , " I AM A PC AND I LOVE THIS COMPANY ! " while looking like he might punch / eat the camera .
Found on Microsoft's Life Without Walls promotional site , users who click on Ballmer 's tiny face will be greeted with this message .
And while we can't speak for everyone here , we 're convinced to run out and buy a few copies of Windows Vista ( to distract The Ballmer should he charge us on the open plain ) .
[ Life WIthout Walls - Thanks Guillaume ! ]
Advertisement
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( CNN ) -- Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin's hometown required women to pay for their own rape examinations while she was mayor , a practice her police chief fought to keep as late as 2000 .
A former Alaskan lawmaker says it seems unlikely that Gov. Sarah Palin was unaware of Wasilla 's policy .
Former state Rep. Eric Croft , a Democrat , sponsored a state law requiring cities to provide the examinations free of charge to victims .
He said the only ongoing resistance he met was from Wasilla , where Palin was mayor from 1996 to 2002 .
" It was one of those things everyone could agree on except Wasilla , " Croft told CNN .
" We could n't convince the chief of police to stop charging them . "
Alaska 's Legislature in 2000 banned the practice of charging women for rape exam kits -- which experts said could cost up to $ 1,000 .
Palin , the Republican nominee for vice president , often talks about her experience running Wasilla , population approximately 7,000 , and that has prompted close scrutiny of her record there .
Wasilla 's practice of charging victims for their rape exams while she was mayor has gotten wide circulation on the Internet and in the mainstream media .
Watch CNN 's Jessica Yellin check the facts in Wasilla »
Some supporters of Palin say they believe she had no knowledge of the practice .
But critics call it " outrageous " and question Palin 's commitment to helping women who are the victims of violence .
For years , Alaska has had the worst record of any state in rape and in murder of women by men .
The rape rate in Alaska is 2.5 times the national average .
Interviews and a review of records turned up no evidence that Palin knew that rape victims were being charged in her town .
But Croft , the former state representative who sponsored the law changing the practice , says it seems unlikely Palin was not aware of the issue .
" I find it hard to believe that for six months a small town , a police chief , would lead the fight against a statewide piece of legislation receiving unanimous support and the mayor not know about it , " Croft said .
During the time Palin was mayor of Wasilla , her city was not the only one in Alaska charging rape victims .
Experts testified before the Legislature that in a handful of small cities across Alaska , law enforcement agencies were charging victims or their insurance " more than sporadically . "
One woman who wrote in support of the legislation says she was charged for her rape exam by a police department in the city of Juneau , which is hundreds of miles from Wasilla .
But Wasilla stood out .
Tara Henry , a forensic nurse who has been treating rape victims across Alaska for the last 12 years , told CNN that opposition to Croft 's bill from Wasilla Police Chief Charlie Fannon was memorable .
" Several municipal law enforcement agencies in the state did have trouble budgeting and paying for the evidence collection for sexual assault victims , " Henry said .
" What I recall is that the chief of police in the Wasilla police department seemed to be the most vocal about how it was going to affect their budget . "
Croft has a similar memory .
He said victims ' advocates suggested he introduce legislation as a way to shame cities into changing their practice , and Wasilla resisted .
" I remember they had continued opposition , " Croft said .
" It was eight years ago now , but they were sort of unrepentant that they thought the taxpayers should n't have to pay for that . "
He does not recall discussing the issue with then - Mayor Palin .
The bill , HB270 , was before the legislature for six months .
In testimony , one expert called the practice of billing the victim " incomprehensible . "
Others compared it to " dust[ing ] for fingerprints " after a burglary , only " the victim 's body is the crime scene . "
During a rape exam , the victim removes her clothing and a medical professional gathers DNA evidence from her body .
There is also a medical component to assess her injuries .
That component has led some law enforcement agencies to balk at paying .
Henry , the forensic nurse , said charging victims " retraumatizes them . "
" Asking them to pay for something law enforcement needs in order to investigate their case , it 's almost like blaming them for getting sexually assaulted , " she said .
The Alaska Legislature agreed .
The bill passed unanimously with the support of the Alaska Department of Public Safety , the Alaska Peace Officers Association and more than two dozen co-sponsors .
After it became law , Wasilla 's police chief told the local paper , The Frontiersman , that it would cost the city $ 5,000 to $ 14,000 a year -- money that he'd have to find .
" In the past , we 've charged the cost of the exams to the victim 's insurance company when possible , " Fannon was quoted as saying .
" I just do n't want to see any more burden on the taxpayer . "
He suggested the criminals should pay as restitution if and when they 're convicted .
Repeated attempts to reach Fannon for comment were unsuccessful .
Judy Patrick , who was Palin 's deputy mayor and friend , blames the state .
" The bigger picture of what was going on at the time was that the state was trying to cut their own budget , and one of the things that they were doing was passing on costs to cities , and that was one of the many things that they were passing on , the cost to the city , " said Patrick , who recalls enormous pressure to keep the city 's budget down .
But the state was never responsible for paying the costs of local investigations .
Patrick was also a member of Wasilla City Council , and she does n't recall the issue coming before council members , nor does she remember discussing the issue with Palin .
She does recall Palin going through the budget in detail .
She said Palin would review each department 's budget line by line and send it back to department heads with her changes .
" Sarah is a fiscal conservative , and so she had seen that the city was heading in a direction of bigger projects , costing taxpayers more money , and she was determined to change that , " Patrick said .
Before Palin came to City Hall , the Wasilla Police Department paid for rape kits out of a fund for miscellaneous costs , according to the police chief who preceded Fannon and was fired by Palin .
That budget line was cut by more than half during Palin 's tenure , but it did not specifically mention rape exams .
In a statement , Jill Hazelbaker , communications director for Sen .
John McCain 's presidential campaign , said that " to imply that Gov. Palin is or has ever been an advocate of charging victims for evidence gathering kits is an utter distortion of reality . "
" As her record shows , Gov. Palin is committed to supporting victims and bringing violent criminals to justice , " Hazelbaker said .
" She does not , nor has she ever believed that rape victims should have to pay for an evidence gathering test . "
Those who fought the policy are unconvinced .
" It 's incomprehensible to me that this could be a rogue police chief and not a policy decision .
It lasted too long and it was too high - profile , " Croft said .
The rape kit charges have become an issue among Palin critics who say as governor she has not done enough to combat Alaska 's epidemic problem of violence against women .
They point to a small funding increase for domestic violence shelters at a time when Alaska has a multibillion - dollar budget surplus .
Victims ' advocates say that services are lacking and that Palin cut funding for a number of programs that treat female victims of violence .
In the past week , Alaska 's challenges with sexual assault have been in the spotlight again -- in connection with an ongoing inquiry into whether Palin abused her power by firing the head of Alaska 's Department of Public Safety .
Palin's office released e-mails showing that one area of disagreement between her and Department of Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan was his lobbying in Washington for $ 30 million to fund a new program of sexual assault response teams .
The McCain - Palin campaign insists that fighting domestic violence and sexual assault are priorities for Palin .
And they say she has been looking at other programs to support .
As governor , Palin approved a funding increase for domestic violence shelters -- $ 266,200 over two years .
And she reauthorized a Council on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault .
All About Sarah Palin • John McCain • Wasilla • Alaska
The Colorado - based Love Hope Strength foundation hosted an event recently called " Peru Rocks " , where 63 travelers - including musicians from The Fixx , Fastball , The Alarm and more - along with cancer survivors , and their supporters from around the world joined together to raise funds and awareness of cancer - related issues in Peru .
The trip took the trekkers from Cuzco , Peru to the heights of Machu Picchu , back down to Lima , where they met with patients and doctors of INEN , Peru 's main cancer center .
The travelers finished their trip with a concert in Lima on October 15th .
Funds raised on the trip were donated to INEN , and will be used to establish a fully staffed and equipped medical bus that will serve rural Peru , screening residents for cancer .
( 25 photos total
Posted on September 30 , 2008 in Images
Via the Gothamist .
Enjoy what you read ?
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
See Also : British artist Banksy visits New Orleans , and leaves behind some graffart , Only in NY , and Street Art .
[ tags ] banksy , bansky , banksy comes to new york , new york city mural , NYC , bainsky , graffiti artist , bansky artist , newest picture , september 2008 , artwork , picture , images , photo , rats , i love new york [ / tags ]
Slowly , but surely , web browsers are creeping towards some form of parity when it comes to using custom fonts in CSS .
It 's rather disturbing how long it 's taken considering that dynamic fonts were possible in Netscape Navigator 4 and Internet Explorer 4 .
A lot has changed since then .
What used to exist as two mismatched specifications for embedding fonts ( Netscape with TrueDoc and Microsoft with Embedded Open Type ) is now starting to congeal towards a single standards - based solution : The CSS3 Web Fonts specification .
Slowly , but surely , browsers , and other vendors , are starting to implement this specification ( especially now that its use is implied by the ACID 3 test ) .
The primary aspect of the web fonts specification comes down to the use of @font - face within your stylesheets .
Using it you could define , and load , a custom font like so :
@font - face { font - family : " Kimberley " ; src : url ( kimberle.ttf ) format( " truetype " ) ; } h1 { font - family : " Kimberley " , sans - serif ; }
There 's an A List Apart article that provides a number of examples on how to use this .
The biggest gotcha to how @font - face works , though , is in what font file formats it supports .
By default an implementor is n't required to support any , much like the < video / > and < audio /> elements in the HTML 5 specification .
This leads to the question :
How 's the browser support ?
Surprisingly , Internet Explorer has had an implementation of @font - face for quite some time now ( over a decade , in fact ) .
Much of the web - fonts specification is based off of their work ( and is edited by a Microsoft employee ) .
However the only font file format that is supported is the proprietary Embedded Open Type format ( although Microsoft is currently attempting to standardize EOT within the W3C ) .
The WebKit team has also implemented @font - face support , along with support for the de-facto TrueType file format .
This is expected to make its public debut in the upcoming Safari 4 release .
The Mozilla team just landed support for @font - face , to ship in the upcoming Firefox 3.1 release ( and now available in the current Firefox 3.1b1 release ) .
Firefox also includes support for TrueType fonts and support for OpenType .
Conspicuously absent is Opera 's support for @font - face .
Not included in Opera 9.5 it 's likely that this feature is currently slated for an Opera 10 release .
While Opera has n't , explicitly , announced their release plans they have revealed a demo of Opera receiving a 100 % pass on the Acid 3 test , which implies that some portion of the web - fonts specification has been implemented .
I 've pulled together some working examples , from the A List Apart article on the subject , and got them to work in both Firefox 3.1 and the latest WebKit nightly .
All of the fonts used are available for free use .
Demo Page ( As seen in Firefox 3.0 and 3.1 on OS X , below . )
Demo Page ( As seen in Firefox 3.0 and 3.1 on OS X , below . )
There exists one large point of contention :
How should the rights of fonts be maintained ?
The success of having embedded fonts on the web is largely dependent upon font vendors feeling comfortable with the inclusion and distribution of their fonts on user sites .
Frequently users pay large fees for the privilege of using a font .
Naturally there is a lot of contention within this space , as there is in the realm of music and video formats .
Microsoft currently supports Digital Rights Management in their Embedded Open
Type font format — which is being considered by other vendors as a W3C specification .
In the mean - time Mozilla will be implementing the W3C Access Control specification for all remote files being loaded .
This will allow font vendors to prevent sites from , at the very least , hot - linking to their font files ( but wo n't prevent any explicit piracy ) .
If one thing is clear it's that fonts on the web can be quite messy - both in their implementation and in their standardization .
Thankfully browsers are making serious headway towards a common - ground implementation .
While it may not arrive soon enough for some it 's eventual convergence will be appreciated by all .
From The Funded .
Not sure of the source .
Update : Seems like the source was fairly accurate .
TechCrunch and VentureBeat now have the actual presentation online .
It is also on SlideShare .
I have embeded the presentation at the end of the notes .
Today , Sequoia Capital hosted a mandatory CEO All - Hands Meeting on Sand Hill Road .
There were about 100 CEO ’s in attendance and let me tell you , the mood was somber .
I ’m not one to perpetuate doom and gloom or bad news , but let me underscore this for you :
We are in a serious economic downturn and this is just the beginning .
Immediate , decisive and swift action is required , along with frugal , day - to - day management of expenses and our business is required .
*** Here are my notes from the meeting .
Keep this note in your in - box and read it every day .
I ’m serious folks , this is for our survival .***
Speakers :
· Mike Moritz , General Partner , Sequoia Capital ( he moderated the speakers ) .
· Eric Upin , Partner , Sequoia Capital ( Eric ran the $ 26 - Billion Stanford Endowment Fund and knows a few things about Economics and investing . )
· Michael Partner , Sequoia Capital ( Michael was recruited to start Sequoia ’s very first hedge fund , coming from Maverick Capital and Robertson Stephens .
I know him from my BEA days . )
· Doug Leone , , General Partner , Sequoia Capital
Slide projected on the huge conference room screen as people assembled inside the conference center to take their seats : a gravestone with the inscription : RIP , Good Times .
Mike Moritz :
· The only time Sequoia ’s assembled all CEO ’s like this was during the dot.com crash .
· We are in drastic times .
Drastic times mean drastic measures must be taken to survive .
Forget about getting ahead , we ’re talking survive .
Get this point into your heads .
· For those of you that are not cash - flow positive , get there now .
Raising capital is nearly impossible if you ’re too far off of cash flow positive .
· There will be consequences for those who hesitate .
Act now .
Eric Upin :
· It ’s always darkest before it ’s pitch black .
· Survival of this storm means drastic measures must be taken now , so you will have the opportunity to capitalize on this down turn in the future .
· We are in the beginning of a long cycle , what we call a “ Secular Bear Market . ”
This could be a 15 year problem .
[ many slides on historical charts of previous recessions , averaging 17 year cycles . ]
· The credit market [ versus the Equity markets ] are the issue and will take time to recover .
· Inflection point :
Make changes , slash expenses , cut deep and keep marching .
You ca n’t be a general if you turn back .
· This is a global issue and not a ‘ normal ’ time .
· There is significant risk to growth and your personal wealth .
· Advice :
– Manage what you can control .
You ca n’t control the economy , but you can control everything else .
– Cut spending .
Cut fat .
Preserve Capital .
– Do n’t trust your models and spreadsheets .
All assumptions prior to today are wrong .
– Focus on quality .
– Reduce risk .
Michael Beckwith :
· Note : Michael had a lot of slides that were charts , data points and comparisons .
· A “ V ” shaped recovery is unlikely
· Cuts in spending will accelerate in Q4 / Q1 .
Look at eBay — this is just the beginning .
Doug Leone :
· This is a different animal and will take years to recover .
· Getting another round if you ’re not profitable will be rough .
· Do everything possible to get to cash flow positive .
Now .
· Nail your Sales and Marketing message .
· Pound your competitors shortcomings .
They ’re hurting and they will be quiet .
Take the offensive .
· In a downturn , aggressive PR and Communications strategy is key .
· M&A will decrease dramatically and only lean companies , with proven sales models will be acquired .
· Spectrum discussion :
– Capital Preservation ß— — — — — ——————-à Grab Market
– Everyone should be far to the left ( capital preservation )
Requirements of our companies .
You must cut expenses .
Now and deep .
Your product should reduce expenses and drive revenue Honestly assess your solution vs. your competitors .
Cash is king [ have you gotten this message yet ? ]
You must get to profitability as soon as possible to weather this storm and be self - sustaining .
Operations review :
Engineering : Since you already have a product , strongly consider reducing the number of engineers that you have .
Product :
What features are absolutely essential ?
Choose carefully and focus .
Marketing : Measure everything and cut what is not working .
You do n’t need large Product Marketing , Product Management teams .
Sales & Business Development :
What is your return on this investment ?
The Valley has gotten fat with Sales people : Big bases , big variables .
Cut base salaries on sales people , highly leverage them with upside ( increase variable ) and make people pay for themselves via increased sales productivity .
Do n’t add sales people until you ’ve achieved your goals with sales productivity .
Be disciplined .
Pipeline : Scrub the shit out of it and be honest with yourself .
Finance : Defer payments , what is essential ?
Kill cash burn .
Death Spiral ( Nobody moves fast enough in times like these , so get going and research later . )
The death spiral sucks you in , you ’re in it before you know it and then you die .
Survival of the quickest .
Cutting deeper is the formula for survival .
You should have at least one year ’s worth of cash on hand .
Tactics :
Assess your situation .
Drop your assumptions , start with a blank page and start zero - based budgeting .
Adapt quickly
Make your cuts
Review all salaries
Change sales comp
Bolster your balance sheet — if you can add $ 5 M to your coffers , take it and save it .
Spend like it ’s your last dollar .
Get Real or Go Home .
How low can the RNC go ?
There is no bottom to the ditch they are digging in .
The recording that viewers hear next is the final section of the " Obama & Friends : The History of Radicalism " special program that ran recently on Fox News .
That show , quite famously , featured Sean Hannity interviewing Andy Martin , an " Internet journalist " who once called a judge a " crooked , slimy Jew " and advanced the conspiracy theory that " [ w ] e have not seen a valid Obama birth certificate . " ... read on
McCain 's other campaign adviser is getting a lot of extra work .
Usually there is like a 36 hour time delay before McCain uses Hannity .
Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs destroyed Hannity over Andy Matin here .
I spent the past week in New York , helping my mother recover from surgery .
It was a new role for me , taking care of my mom .
It must , I think , have been somewhat destabilizing .
Perhaps when previously untapped wells of care - for - others are accessed , there ’s no stopping the flow .
Or perhaps it was just that , after five days locked in stare - downs with my mother ’s cat , my eyes were playing tricks on me .
This may explain why , on Tuesday afternoon when I went to The Times Web site and saw the photo of Sarah Palin with Henry Kissinger , a funny thing happened .
A wave of self - recognition and sympathy washed over me .
That ’s right — self - recognition and sympathy .
Rising up from a source deep in my subconscious .
I saw a woman fully aware that she was out of her league , scared out of her wits , hanging on for dear life .
I saw this in the sag of her back in her serious black suit , in the position of her hands , crossed modestly atop her knees , and in that “ Mad Men ” - era updo , ever unchanging , like a good luck charm .
Why , all of a sudden , was I experiencing this upsurge of concern and kinship ?
I knew , on the one hand , that this new vision of Palin had to be a mirage .
Only a few hours earlier , I ’d nodded along knowingly as a band of old - school liberals , gathered in my mother ’s apartment to cheer her through her convalescence , tore the Alaska governor apart .
“ He ’s probably the first Jew she ’s ever met , ” one older gentleman , who himself had grown up as one of the only Jews in pre-World - War - II Lincoln , Neb. , said of her meeting with Kissinger .
“ No , there was Joe Lieberman , ” his wife reminded him , putting me in a mind of the comedian Sara Benincasa ’s utterly hilarious Palin parody , as a chorus of “ despicable ” and “ disgusting ” filled the room .
My friend Mary has long said that I have a tendency to develop a Stockholm - Syndrome - like empathy for the people I write about .
But I do n’t think that ’s what was going on here .
I think — before I blinked — I had an actual flash of insight .
I think I finally stumbled upon a major piece of the puzzle of how it is that so many Republican women can so passionately claim that Sarah Palin is someone they relate to .
( It ’s worth noting that polls have definitively shown that John McCain ’s Palin gambit has not paid off in attracting disgruntled Democratic women voters . )
That the women who agree with Palin would also like her is not surprising .
But the whole business of relating ?
That has remained mysterious for me .
What , I ’ve wondered , could the kinds of suburban moms I met , for example , at the McCain - Palin rally in Virginia , some of them former professionals with just two children apiece , one a former grad student making links between Palintology and the work of Homi Bhabha , have in common with a moose - killing Alaska frontierswoman with her five kids , five colleges and pastoral protection from witchcraft ?
I think I ’ve seen it now .
In her own folded hands , her hopeful , yet sinking posture , her eager - to - please look .
Sarah Palin is their — dare I say our ? — inner Elle Woods .
I had thought of Elle Woods , the heroine of the 2001 and 2003 “ Legally Blonde ” and “ Legally Blonde 2 ” films , a great deal during the week that Palin became McCain ’s running mate and made her appearance at the Republican National Convention .
The thoughts did n’t actually originate with Palin ; my daughter Julia had recently discovered the soundtrack of “ Legally Blonde : the Musical ” and then the movies that inspired the Broadway show .
Re-watching the movies with Julia , I ’d been surprised at how time , and motherhood , had tempered my affection for Elle Woods — a frilly , frothy blonde who charms her way into Harvard Law School and takes the stodgy intellectual elitists there by storm with her Anygirl decency and non-snooty ( and not - so - credible ) native intelligence .
I ’d found the “ Legally Blonde ” movies fun the first time around .
Viewing them in the company of an enraptured 11 - year - old , who ’d declared Elle her new “ role model ” after months of dreaming of growing up to be a neuroscientist in a long braid and Birkenstocks , was another story .
“ You can ’t , ” I ’d admonished Julia , “ accomplish anything worthwhile in life just by being pretty and cute and clever .
You have to do the work . ”
“ It ’s just fun , Mom , ” she protested .
Right .
You do n’t have to be perennially pretty in pink — and ditsy and cutesy and kinda maybe stupid — to have an inner Elle Woods .
Many women do .
I think of Elle every time I dress up my insecurities in a nice suit .
So many of us today — balancing work and family , treading water financially — feel as if we ’re in over our heads , getting by on appearances while quaking inside in anticipation of utter failure .
Chick lit — think of Bridget Jones , always fumbling , never quite who she should be — and in particular the newer subgenre of mom lit are filled with this kind of sentiment .
You do n’t have to be female to suffer from Impostor Syndrome either —
I learned the phrase only recently from a male friend , who puts a darned good face forward .
But I think that women today — and perhaps in particular those who once thought they could not only do it all but do it perfectly , with virtuosity — are unique in the extent to which they bond over their sense of imposture .
I saw this feeling in Palin — in a flash , on that blue couch , catty - corner to Kissinger , as her eyes pleaded for clemency from the camera .
I ’ll bet you anything that her admirers — the ones whose hearts really and truly swell with a sense of kinship to her — see or sense it in her , too .
They know she ca n’t possibly do it all — the kids , the special - needs baby , the big job , the big conversations with foreign leaders .
And neither could they .
The “ Legally Blonde ” fairy tales spin around the idea that , because Elle believes in herself , she can do anything .
Never mind the steps that she skips .
Never mind the fact that — in the rarefied realms of Harvard Law and Washington policymaking — she is n’t the intellectual equal of her peers .
Self - confidence conquers all !
( “ Of course she does n’t have that , ” said Laura Bush of Palin this week when asked if the vice presidential pick had sufficient foreign policy experience .
“ You know , that ’s not been her role .
But I think she is a very quick study . ” )
Real life is different , of course , from Hollywood fantasy .
Incompetence has consequences , political and personal .
Glorifying or glamorizing the sense of just not being up to the tasks of life has consequences , too .
It means that any woman who exudes competence will necessarily be excluded from the circle of sisterhood .
We ca n’t afford any more of that .
Frankly , I ’ve come to think , post - Kissinger , post - Katie - Couric , that Palin ’s nomination is n’t just an insult to the women ( and men ) of America .
It ’s an act of cruelty toward her as well .
ANNAPOLIS | The Scarlet Letter for Maryland sex offenders this Halloween will be a bright orange pumpkin .
That is the symbol on a sign they are required to post on their doors with a warning , in capital letters , to trick - or - treaters : “ No candy at this residence . ”
The paper signs began arriving last week in the mailboxes of the roughly 1,200 violent and child - sex offenders across the state with a letter explaining how they are to comport themselves on Oct. 31 .
“ Halloween provides a rare opportunity for you to demonstrate to your neighbors that you are making a sincere effort to change the direction of your life , ” the letter states .
Related stories :
• New tricks on treats
• Virginia bans garb at polls
In addition to posting the sign , the offenders must stay at home , turn off outside lights and not answer the door , according to the letter obtained by The Washington Times .
“ Because Halloween is a holiday in which large numbers of children interact with strangers , the concern among parents and other community members about sexual offenders in their neighborhoods is naturally intensified during this time of year , ” Patrick McGee , interim director of the state ’s Division of Parole and Probation , wrote in the Oct. 1 letter .
Maryland has joined other states across the country in steadily increasing restrictions on convicted sex offenders over the past few years .
In 2005 , Maryland began requiring sex offenders in Baltimore to stay inside their homes on Halloween .
Last year , the program was expanded statewide and offenders were tracked by parole agents and given a simple sign to hang on their doors that read : “ No Candy . ”
Maryland ’s new regulations are almost identical to those adopted in Missouri this year , particularly the instructions to post the sign and stay at home .
Four convicted sex offenders and the American Civil Liberties Union are challenging the Missouri law in federal court .
Louisiana lawmakers this year barred convicted sex offenders from wearing masks on Halloween or during the state ’s carnival season .
Other states , including New Jersey and Texas , have begun tracking sex offenders at Halloween over the past five years .
Sex offenders
In Maryland who do not post the signs and stay home will be taken to court and charged with a violation of parole .
However , the new state initiative is not a law .
“ We ’ve had very good results , ” said Wonda Adams , a supervisor at the Parole and Probation Division and coordinator of the Halloween watch program .
“ Our goal is public safety , and in keeping with that we need to make sure that the individuals under our supervision are provided with the enhanced supervision that we ’re committed to , ” she said .
The state also this year is distributing pamphlets statewide to warn families and trick - or - treaters to stay away from homes with the pumpkin signs , Mrs. Adams said .
Maryland sex offenders are tracked by an online database , listed in the state sex - offender registry and ordered to comply with the Halloween program for varying times - from a lifetime for violent and child sex offenses to 10 years for lesser sex crimes .
State parole and probation agents generally approve of the get - tough initiative , said Raimund Douglas , president of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees Local 3661 , which represents the agents .
However , one agent has called the new sign a “ publicity stunt ” and said it should clearly state that a violent sex offender lives at the house .
“ The division is more worried about being politically correct than protecting public safety , ” said the agent , who asked to remain anonymous .
He also said some sex offenders think the pumpkin sign “ is a joke ” and that one asked “ whether we would we be giving him a turkey decoration at Thanksgiving . ”
The Maryland ACLU declined to comment for this article .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Researchers at Eindhoven University of Technology ( TU/e ) in The Netherlands have managed to crack the so - called McEliece encryption system .
This system is a candidate for the security of Internet traffic in the age of the quantum computer - the predicted superpowerful computer of the future .
The attack succeeded this month by means of a large number of linked computers throughout the world , says TU/e professor Tanja Lange .
Earlier this year she and her PhD student Christiane Peters , together with visiting professor Daniel Bernstein ( University of Illinois , Chicago ) , had discovered a way to speed up attacks against the 30 - year - old McEliece cryptosystem .
The researchers wrote software that would decrypt a McEliece ciphertext in just 1 week on a cluster of 200 computers .
The software was run recently on several dozen computers in Eindhoven , Amsterdam , France , Ireland , Taiwan and the United States .
A lucky computer in Ireland found the ciphertext .
The successful attack was announced recently at a conference in Cincinnati ( US ) on Post - Quantum Cryptography .
The researchers said that the McEliece cryptosystem can be scaled to larger key sizes to avoid their attacks and remains a leading candidate for post - quantum cryptography .
At present , banks use the RSA code from 1977 for securing matters such as electronic transactions .
For RSA the currently used key sizes are significantly larger than initially thought : a single PC would need only 3 weeks to break the parameters from the original paper .
Yet a quantum computer will have no problems cracking even the improved current version .
For this reason , anticipating the introduction of the quantum computer ( which Lange thinks will take at least ten more years ) and to deal with long - term confidentiality such as health records , researchers are trying to find better encryption systems .
###
Professor Tanja Lange conducts her research within the Coding theory and Cryptology group of the Department of Mathematics & Computer Science at Eindhoven University of Technology in The Netherlands .
I hate country music .
My sister and I were forced to listen to it in the car when we were young , and prolonged battles finally allowed us to switch the family station to oldies .
But from 1987 to 1996 - 7 , I was immersed in mainstream country music , and that history gives me the license and more than enough motivation to say that country music , as it is known , is genuinely awful .
It 's cloying , derivative , poorly written and cheaply made .
It panders to the uneducated , and revels in it .
In fact , country music is n't actually country music : it 's watered - down , heavy - handed , disposable pop with a few steel guitars instead of Britney 's syncopated moaning .
For all of the antagonism most country fans show pop music ( traceable to country 's grasp on Middle - America 's hearts , minds , votes and wallets ) , modern country music and Top 40 pop have more in common than either would like to admit .
The strongest example of this is the latest single from Tim McGraw featuring Nelly ( or Nelly featuring Tim McGraw , depending on which station you listen to ) : it 's a bad song about missing someone , with the drum loops and twangy groans in perfect balance .
This stuff flies off WalMart 's shelves .
But real country music today mostly goes by the title " alt - country " ( " whatever that is " ) , and contains more heart and skill than any thousand songs by Toby Keith .
Keith , it should be noted , is symptomatic of the arrogant xenophobia so popular throughout too much of America today ; he 's Bill O'Reilly 's musical ( barely ) counterpart .
But I digress .
So , I 'm here to offer some help .
Below are some simple tips and suggested listening for anyone who believes that music with a steel guitar can and should be good , and anyone who hates anything about what passes for country music these days .
This is fairly obvious , but that 's why it tops the list .
Nashville is a cookie cutter for country stars , a tired old assembly line where no singer writes their own songs and no songwriter holds their head high .
The town produces bland , tasteless , downright godawful music about subjects best left to Hallmark cards or White House press releases .
If you want real music , you wo n't find it here .
This means no radio , CD purchases , etc .
Overhearing the latest Brooks & Dunn masterpiece while standing in line to get your oil changed is forgivable ; nodding your head to the beat is not .
This brings me back to ... Pick up the latest issue of No Depression , a magazine that claims to be unable to define alt - country , though it does a great job representing the cause .
Listen to bands from Texas , Oklahoma , Arizona ( " all roads lead back to Tucson , " after all ) , or anywhere .
But chances are the salvation you seek cannot be found in Tennessee .
The beauty of alt .country is its wide net of inclusion ; it 's more of an anti-movement than a movement .
Give the following a look .
Wilco ( particularlyand The Refreshments ( particularly The Jayhawks ( particularly Tomorrow the Green Grass and Rainy Day Music ) Ryan Adams ( particularly Roger Clyne & the Peacemakers ( particularly Honky Tonk Union ) Bright Eyes ( particularly I'm Wide Awake , It 's Morning ) Johnny Cash ( particularly every record he ever put out , but get a hold of the American recordings )
And those are just the artists or albums that fall under the general heading of alt - country .
Songs that fit the bill pop up everywhere , from " Rain King " to " Hung Up On You . "
The trick is knowing where to look , and where not to look ( e.g. , do n't look in Nashville .
Ever . ) .
Regular visitors to this site might recognize some of the above names , which is a sad indication that they visit this site too much and should be doing better things with their day , like going right out and buying the albums I 've listed so that their lives might be considered worthwhile .
Piquillo does the time - warp and tapas .
JetBlue unveils its culinary mecca at JFK ’s Terminal 5 on October 1 , and we ’ve scored restaurant renderings designed by meatpacking - friendly firm ICRAVE ( STK , Tenjune , One Little West 12 ) from airport food and beverage operator OTG Management .
The designs are classy and varied : Alexandra Raij should be cozy in her warped tapas bar ; Michael Schulson ’s Asian spot Deep Blue is meant to make you feel cocooned in water ; and Mark Ladner ’s Aeronuova trattoria screens old Italian flicks .
The Loft , which has no celebrity - chef affiliation , recalls a Soho apartment you ca n’t afford .
La Vie , the French café , is n’t the most daring design - wise , but a menu from Riad Nasr and Lee Hanson could make up for it .
Since you ca n’t eat until you clear security , we ’re booking our tickets now .
More images , below .
Aeronuova will distract you from delays with foreign - language films .
At Loft , it ’s Soho in Queens .
Image courtesy OTG Management
Bobbing in imaginary water at Deep Blue .
Image courtesy OTG Management
Un croissant de La Vie peut - être ?
Image courtesy OTG Management
Related : Menus From JetBlue ’s Food Court of the Future
Earlier : A Peek Inside the New JetBlue Terminal at JFK : An Antidote to Air Rage ?
[ Daily Intel ]
Our JetBlue Airport Dreams Come True
We ’re assuming you ’ll be hearing about this on the official Blog today , but in the meantime , we ’ve got news that PixelJunk Monsters will be getting not only a long overdue Trophy Patch , but also XMB Music support and YouTube uploading .
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
We assume the patch will be ready very soon .
Via Watch Impress
Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal is proud to post the now classic and historic documentary by Kim Bartley and Donnacha O'Brian about the April 2002 US - backed coup attempt , which briefly deposed Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez .
A television crew from Ireland 's Radio Telifís Éireann happened to be recording a documentary about Chávez during the events of April 11 , 2002 .
Shifting focus , they followed the events as they occurred .
During their filming , the crew recorded images that contradicted explanations given by the anti-Chávez opposition , the private media , the US State Department and then White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer .
The documentary reveals that the coup was the result of a conspiracy between various old guard and anti-Chávez factions within Venezuela and the United States .
It also graphically shows how Venezuela 's poor and working people -- the overwhelming majority of the population -- mobilised in their hundreds of thousands to defeat the coup .
There was n't much to see in Bretton Woods in July 1944 , when delegates from 44 countries checked into the sprawling Mount Washington Hotel for the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference .
Almost a million acres of New Hampshire forest surrounded the site ; there were free Coca - Cola dispensers , but few other distractions .
In this scene of rustic isolation , 168 statesmen ( and one lone stateswoman , Mabel Newcomer of Vassar College ) joined in history 's most celebrated episode of economic statecraft , remaking the world 's ...
Squire and Anderson are all that remain from the original Yes line - up
Rock band
Yes are to resurrect their previously cancelled tour with a tribute band singer from Montreal in place of their indisposed front man .
Jon Anderson was ordered to rest for six months after being diagnosed with respiratory failure in June .
His shoes will be filled by Benoit David when Yes 's
In the Present tour begins in November in Ontario , Canada .
" I think it 's all going to work out fine , " bassist Chris Squire told the Associated Press .
" Of course there 's an element of risk , but there always is , " he continued .
Anniversary
Squire contacted David after seeing a clip of his tribute band , Close to the Edge , on video sharing website YouTube .
" The first thing he said to me was , ' I 'm looking around to see where the cameras are , ' " said the bass player .
" You can't ever really replace Jon Anderson because he 's been such a force in the music business , " Squire continued .
" We look upon his replacement as more of an understudy . "
Yes , who topped the US charts in 1983 with Owner of a Lonely Heart , had been due to begin their 40th anniversary tour on 12 July .
The British band has undergone various line - up changes since its launch in 1968 .
Qualche giorno fa , chattando del più e del meno con un paio di amici , mi è spuntata in testa l'idea di fare questa classifica e , facendo brainstorming con loro , questi sono i titoli che ci sono venuti in mente .
Aggiungo che il titolo e…
This is what I do n’t get regarding the whole John Edward thing .
And the Bill Clinton thing .
And the Bob Livingston , Larry Craig , Eliot Spitzer thing .
( And so on . )
We spend a lot of time talking about politicians who cheat .
Why ?
Let ’s go back fifty years ago or so .
It was the 1950s , and you could n’t get a diaphragm unless you were married ( and sometimes not even then ) , you could n’t say “ pregnant ” on television , and if someone said you were gay , you were cheerful and nothing more .
We were , without a doubt , more prudish , repressed , and close - minded about sex than we are today .
Yet when JFK , RFK , and any other politico got his rocks off with some campaign worker or stewardess in hot pants , nobody said anything .
The media did n’t report it , people did n’t talk about it , and it was n’t an issue .
Was it because we were so repressed that we could n’t talk about sex at all , not even to condemn adultery ?
Or was it because the mostly male - dominated media of the 50s and 60s dismissed the affairs committed by their fellow men with a wink and a nod ?
Not that we ’re crazy progressive now , of course .
America is still a land of prudes with its abstinence - only sex education and its Superbowl Nipplegate .
Still , you gotta admit we ’re a lot more comfortable with pushing the boundaries than we were a few decades back .
You ’ve got a growing number of couples living together before marriage ( or who never marry ) , gay people are on sitcoms and reality shows and no one really bats an eye , and girl on girl action in “ The Real World ” hot tub is getting seriously passé .
So why does the media go into 24 - hours news alert freak out and collectively get their panties in a knot when they find out politicians are doing the dirty dirty with someone other than their spouse ?
Are we all really that surprised ?
Are we all actually offended ?
Like we did n’t think this was going on ?
( Come on , people .
Look at John Edwards .
If that man flashed his Dentyne teeth and talked about his daddy working in a mill one more time I was gonna puke . )
I do n’t understand this media / sex / politician phenomenon that seems to suggest that as we become more relaxed about doin ’ it , we become more freaked out by cheating politicians .
But I do know one thing .
John Edwards is a sneaky little bastard , is n’t he ?
-- Jennifer Mathieu
A few years ago , the Daily Mail tried to determine what the King of Pop would have looked like if he had n't taken a surgical knife to the face .
They took old photos of the famous moonwalker and used PCs to age Michael 's mug appropriately :
Of course , my only question is why stop there when there are so many other stars to expose .
If I had access to this wonderful technology , I 'd be commissioning a whole slew of un - botoxed , un-plastic surgeried , and definitely un-Toupeed celeb pics , and then use them to create a giant matching quiz .
will star in “ , ” an action comedy , whichwill direct for .
Robert Luketic is known for “ ” and “ ” as director .
Kutcher will play a former hit man whose life is turned upside down because someone from his past has paid a group of killers to bump him off .
Lionsgate acquired the project as a spec script by , andis doing a rewrite .
“ Five Killers ” will begin production early next year .
' So , you want to talk about oil . '
As understatements go , this one was worthy of a laconic Clint Eastwood .
For the man sitting on the other side of a fruit - strewn table , dressed in a well cut three - piece suit , is none other than His Excellency Sheikh Ahmed Zaki Yamani , a man whose name is synonymous with black gold .
It is late on Friday evening and Yamani is tired .
He has flown in from his home in Saudi Arabia 's seaside city , Jeddah , to address the Royal Institute of International Affairs on the future of the oil market .
As ever he had barely spoken what was on his mind before his words were flashing around the world 's newswires .
The man who dominated the oil market as oil minister of Saudi Arabia in the Seventies is no longer a decision - maker at Opec , but he still has it in his power to captivate market traders , executives , politicians - even presidents - with his views .
His presence in London comes at a fragile time for the world economy , as concerns mount that further jumps in the oil price could tip slowdown in to global recession .
So , yes , we did want to talk about oil .
As it happens Yamani does not believe that his commodity was directly responsible for the US economy putting on the brakes : ' The slowdown in the US cannot really be attributed to the high price of oil .
The reason we have a problem now within the US economy is corporate earnings , which are shrinking . '
However , he believes higher energy costs are a significant factor in slowing US corporate earnings : ' The corporates are paying more for their energy bills .
It is not a direct reflection on industry - but it is on corporate earnings . '
Against this backdrop he questions the wisdom of Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries taking steps to shore up the price of oil by making cuts in production of up to 2 million barrels per day when it meets on Wednesday in Vienna .
He believes increasing the price could worsen the economic situation in the US - with knock - on effects in the Far East and Europe - to the long - term detriment of producers , as industrialised nations seek other sources of oil , and of power .
In this , he has remained consistent for 30 years : in the Seventies he was not persuaded of the benefits to Opec of hiking crude prices by the 400 per cent that came about in 1973 .
The importance of North Sea oil and the fall in Opec 's contribution to global production , from 70 per cent to less than 30 per cent , are testimony to his wisdom .
Nevertheless , Yamani is only too aware that Opec has the power to influence events in the current climate .
He thinks there is a 50 per cent chance that Opec will follow Saudi Arabia 's lead and agree to cuts of 1.5 million barrels per day ( bpd ) .
However he has made it clear that a cut now would be unwise , because Iraq has reduced its own production from around 1.2 million bpd to around 600,000 .
Yamani is especially concerned about the hawkish role played by Venezuela since the arrival of Hugo Chavez as its President .
Chavez and his Oil Minister - new Opec Secretary - General Ali Rodriguez - have galvanized the cartel over the past two years in a successful attempt to treble an oil price that had slumped to less than $ 10 .
He believes this policy derives from Venezuela 's moves to cut investment in new production .
' In Venezuela it is a new government with a new philosophy .
When they came they stopped investment in upstream and the capacity of Venezuela came down .
Instead of having 800,000 barrels a day surplus , it disappeared .
Now it cannot produce any more [ than it is currently ] .'
Yamani believes that if hawkish tactics are employed , they will have seriously detrimental implications both for Venezuela and for Opec as a whole .
' There are countries which want to extract every last barrel .
They are part of a group who would like to have a higher oil price - Venezuela , Libya , Algeria and Iran . '
As a result of pressures between these countries and ' core ' states with huge reserves such as his own Saudi Arabia , he believes Opec itself may begin to unravel .
He says candidly : ' Opec will be less in number . '
By when ?
' Probably by the end of the decade .
Iraq , Kuwait , Saudi Arabia , Iran , the United Arab Emirates and Venezuela will be there in future . '
The sheikh says he does not miss the day - to - day cut and thrust that characterised the Seventies oil crisis .
However , it is with a smile that he adds : ' When you deal with oil you have to take so many other things into consideration . '
The suggestion is that politics , rather than economics , is the key .
And the fascination of oil diplomacy clearly animates him more than the numbers , which he can rattle effortlessly off the top of his elegant head .
The key political question in his mind now is the same as it was in 1973 - relations between Israel and its Arab neighbours .
' It is very worrying , ' he says .
' Barak is cornered .
He brought back his Foreign Minister from Paris , met him in the airport and said " Go and talk to the Palestinians . "
The man is desperate . '
He singles out the period between 20 January , when President Clinton leaves office , and 6 February , the date of Israeli elections , as especially sensitive times , given recent Middle Eastern history .
The implications for oil prices are unquantifiable .
But Yamani ventures : ' Perhaps people will panic and think they have to buy oil . '
However , he is at pains to point out that the global polit ical backdrop is now very different .
His voice quickens further when he reminisces about the era of great oil diplomacy in the Seventies and his contemporary , former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger .
At this point he makes an extraordinary claim : ' I am 100 per cent sure that the Americans were behind the increase in the price of oil .
The oil companies were in in real trouble at that time , they had borrowed a lot of money and they needed a high oil price to save them . '
He says he was convinced of this by the attitude of the Shah of Iran , who in one crucial day in 1974 moved from the Saudi view , that a hike would be dangerous to Opec because it would alienate the US , to advocating higher prices .
' King Faisal sent me to the Shah of Iran , who said : " Why are you against the increase in the price of oil ?
That is what they want ?
Ask Henry Kissinger - he is the one who wants a higher price " .'
Yamani contends that proof of his long - held belief has recently emerged in the minutes of a secret meeting on a Swedish island , where UK and US officials determined to orchestrate a 400 per cent increase in the oil price .
These extraordinary insights come as US / Opec relations once again return to the spotlight : President - elect George W Bush last week warned Opec of the implications of a price hike .
When asked whether oil had proved to be a blessing or a curse for oil - producing countries , the Sheikh smiled enigmatically : ' I am worried about the future .
If you get money so easily , you relax and you lose your muscles . '
He believes that the oil age will end not for lack of oil , but because of technology .
His concern for the long - term economic prospects of his people is clear .
For him , that cut on Wednesday may be the first step in the wrong direction .
Fast facts
' Yamani or your life , ' cried one headline during the oil crises of the Seventies .
That reflected Sheikh Ahmed Zaki Yamani's role as the public face of the Opec oil - producer 's cartel .
Yamani was Saudi Oil Minister from 1962 to 1986 .
During that time he escaped the assassin who killed King Faisal , and survived kidnapping by Carlos ' The Jackal ' .
He now chairs the respected Centre for Global Energy Studies , famous for its exhaustive knowledge of world trends .
He also runs the Al - Furqan Islamic Heritage Centre in south London .
Last year Yamani said that the oil prices were destined to crash in the long term and , the world would never use up the last drop of oil , because it would not need to : ' The Stone Age did not come to an end because we had a lack of stones , and the oil age will not come to an end because we have a lack of oil . '
Have You Heard of These 10 Female Mathematicians
If America wakes up on the morning of Wednesday 5 November to discover that John McCain has taken the White House and a moose - shooting former beauty queen from Alaska is now vice - president of the most powerful nation on Earth , there will be only one stronghold of the liberal elite that is n't reduced to outright mourning .
That will be the New York headquarters of NBC in midtown Manhattan , where a select handful of TV executives will be punching the air , re-examining their share options and celebrating the fact that their employee Tina Fey can carry on as the hottest property in US broadcasting for another four years .
Fey is a comedian , actress , and head writer for NBC's hit shows Saturday Night Live and 30 Rock , who won no fewer than three gongs at the recent Emmy Awards .
More pertinently , she is responsible for the hugely funny impersonations of Sarah Palin that have propelled SNL to record ratings , become some of the most - watched video clips on the internet , and driven a fair portion of the agenda of the presidential election race in the process .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Clad in thick spectacles and pastel - coloured jackets , and helped by their uncanny physical similarities , Fey and her merciless send - ups of the former beauty queen from Wasilla have done more to undermine Palin 's campaign for the vice - presidency than the efforts of Barack Obama , Joe Biden , and the entire Democratic Party attack machine combined .
The outwardly - shy 38 - year - old is now feted by the Washington press corps for providing a valuable satirical counterpoint to the Republican campaign , successfully deconstructing such central pivots of their ticket as Palin 's claim that Alaska 's physical proximity to Alaska makes her an expert on international affairs .
" Every morning when Alaskans wake up , they look outside and see if there are any Russians hanging around , and ask them what they are doing there , " said Fey 's version of Palin , in a hilarious send - up aired a fortnight ago .
" And if they can't give a good enough reason , it 's our responsibility to say ' Shoo ! ' and get them out of there . "
Her sketches , which are now being quoted at dinner parties across the land , might explain why , in the words of USA Today , political commentators now believe that making voters forget the " Tina Fey Factor " provided Sarah Palin 's chief challenge in the run-up to Thursday 's vice - presidential debate .
The San Francisco Chronicle said the election could now turn on Palin 's ability to make viewers forget the " cultural caricature " , advising her in the debate to " acknowledge Fey 's impression to help deflate its power " .
The Washington Post , for its part , noted sternly that some of Palin 's recent gaffes have been so significant that Fey has taken to quoting her verbatim .
The Tina Fey phenomenon is n't just constrained to the political arena , though .
In addition to her uncanny ability to satirise a politician who has a propensity to spout gobbledegook , she is currently helping to pioneer an important comic movement .
To her fans , Fey is in the vanguard of a generation of sassy female performers who are now setting the agenda in US comedy .
Together with her occasional collaborator Sarah Silverman , another edgy and sometimes potty - mouthed star , this makes Fey one of contemporary America 's most alluring feminist heroes .
Her emergence in such lofty realms goes back to the critical and commercial success of 30 Rock , a sitcom she created and stars in , which won four awards at last month 's Emmys , of which three went to Fey personally .
When she stepped up on stage having achieved hat - trick of awards , she provided one of the evening 's most memorable one - liners , saying that the trophy for Outstanding Comedy Series " actually belongs to everyone , so I do n't like it as much as the other two " .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The programme is set in the offices of a television company similar to NBC , and debuted exactly two years ago .
It is said to have been inspired Fey 's real - life experiences behind the scenes of Saturday Night Live , which she joined as a writer in 1997 .
Its title is a corruption of NBC 's head office address , 30 Rockefeller Plaza .
Fey plays a neurotic head writer at the network who is constantly forced to sacrifice her artistic credibility to navigate between her hopeless co-writers and right - wing boss , who is played by Alec Baldwin , in a role that has reinvigorated his career .
The success has allowed Fey to start making waves as a film actress .
Her debut film Baby Mama made more than $ 63 m , and she is scheduled to return to the big screen next year in a new Ricky Gervais title , This Side of Truth .
The irony of Fey 's recent rise has been that the lion 's share of her original success came behind , rather than in front of camera .
Born in 1970 and brought up in middle - class Pennsylvania , her route into showbusiness came via Second City , a small but well - regarded improvisational theatre in Chicago , where she took evening classes in the early 1990s , after graduating from the University of Virginia with a degree in drama .
" I had a vague notion Second City was there in Chicago , and I just wanted to be near it , to see what I could do , " she recalled , during an interview with The Washington Post in 2004 .
" This is where I met all my dearest friends in my life now .
I met them all at that time . "
Among those " dearest friends " was Fey 's future husband , composer Jeff Richmond , whom she married in a Greek Orthodox ceremony ( a nod to her mother 's ancestry ) , and with whom she now has a three - year - old daughter , Alice .
The couple moved to New York in 1997 , so Fey could make her debut as a writer for Saturday Night Live .
Within two years , she had been promoted to head writer , the first female to take the role in the show 's 33 - year history , which at the time was considered a signal appointment .
The programme 's producer , Lorne Michaels explained her rise by complimenting her ability to " get things done " , and saying her jokes were distinguished by " intelligence and attack , an attitude .
There 's something for you to enjoy after you 've finished laughing " .
Michaels was also a central figure in Fey 's next leap , to become a major screen personality .
Having seen her perform a sketch she 'd created with Saturday Night Live colleague Rachel Dratch at a New York theatre , he persuaded her to audition for the presenter 's role in the " Weekend Update " segment of the show .
When Fey made her debut in the slot in late 2000 , she began to gain a following .
Viewers loved her spectacles and her prim demeanour , and became fascinated by the scar on her left cheek – about which she once told The New York Times : " It 's a childhood injury that was kind of grim .
And it kind of bums my parents out for me to talk about it . "
The Washington Post started describing her as an " anchor minx " , while gossip magazines dubbed her a TV " hottie " .
( She claims to have kept the cuttings to show to her children . )
Soon she had become a minor sex symbol of late - night TV .
" There 's a group of people who feel Tina can do no wrong in my eyes , " Michaels has said .
" But that 's because she 's just wrong less often than other people . "
Now , though , Fey has achieved mainstream success , thanks both to the growing critical acclaim showered on 30 Rock and universal appeal of her Sarah Palin impersonation , which perfectly mimics the Alaska governor 's yokelish accent , and perfectly replicates her propensity to wink uneasily yet vaguely seductively at the camera when she lands in a tight sport .
Although it 's a job that NBC would be happy to have her doing for some time , Fey – one of the many Hollywood liberals hoping for a Barack Obama victory – has selflessly claimed that she hopes to put an end to the potentially lucrative role .
" I want to be done playing this lady by 5 November , " she said backstage at the Nokia Theatre after the Emmy Awards .
" So if anybody can help me be done playing this lady , that would be good for me . "
A life in brief
Born : 18 May 1970 , in Pennsylvania .
Early life : Grew up outside Philadelphia with her parents , a paramedic and a housewife , and one brother .
A lover of comedy from an early age , she found she could amuse her friends at school .
Studied drama at the University of Virginia , graduated in 1992 and moved to Chicago where she started working and taking classes at the Second City improv club .
Career :
In 1995 she was discovered at Second City by ' Saturday Night Live ' , eventually becoming the first female head writer in the show 's history .
In 2004 she wrote the hit film ' Mean Girls ' , starring Lindsay Lohan , and she gave up the ' SNL ' head writer job in 2005 .
She now writes and stars in NBC's Emmy - winning series ' 30 Rock ' .
Family : Married to Jeff Richmond , a director at Second City .
They have a daughter , Alice Zenobia Richmond , born on 10 September 2005 .
All three live in New York City .
She says : " Somewhere around the fifth or seventh grade I figured out that I could ingratiate myself to people by making them laugh .
Essentially , I was just trying to make them like me .
But after a while it became part of my identity . "
They say : " Tina has a gift of knowing how to push things as far as she can and still be on a network . "
Alec Baldwin , star of ' 30 Rock '
One of my most vivid childhood memories is about collection those awesome Garbage Pail Kids cards .
The art was pretty funny , even though it was gross most of the time .
It 's always nice to remember those times .
Here in Brazil , it was called " Gang do Lixo " meaning " Garbage Gang " ... and it was amazingly found in lots of countries back then .
The GPK was release in 1985 and was a big hit ... it mocked the Cabbage Patch Kids , which was the cute version of GPK .
Unfortunally , it is REALLY hard to find the card arts ...
I found some new art at Luis Diaz ' site , one of the artists behind GPK , but the sites with the original series images got only low quality pieces .
So , check these out !
Hope you remember these .
Cheers !
Update :
You may check cards from the original series ( with names and all that ) clicking here !!
Update 2 : For those wondering if is there a new series of cards , YES !
THERE IS !
Check out the official PDK site . ;)
Me : “ Welcome to [ Ice Cream Shop ] .
How can I help you ? ”
Customer : “ Yes , I ’d like some banana ice cream . ”
Me : “ Sure thing . ”
( She pays and leaves .
A moment later , she storms in , literally pushing people out of the way . )
Customer : “ This is not what I ordered ! ”
Me : “ I ’m sorry , ma’am , I ’ll be happy to change that for you . ”
Customer : “ You better ! ”
Me : “ So , what can I get for you ? ”
Customer : “ Banana ice cream . ”
Me : “ Banana ?
That ’s what I served you earlier .
Is that not banana ? ”
Customer : “ No. I said banana ! ”
Me : “ Yes , banana . ”
Customer : : “ You taste it !
It ’s not banana !
I said banana !
Me : “ Ma’am , I ’ll be happy to give you a new bowl .
Perhaps , since we mix our own ice cream , the banana taste was n’t mixed all the way through . ”
Customer : “ Listen , I said banana , not banana ! ”
Me : “ … ”
Customer : “ BANANA BANANA BANANA ! ”
Me : “ Banana ? ”
( Suddenly , her B ’s turn into V’s … )
Customer : “ Vanana ! ”
Me : “ Oh , my God. Vanilla ? ”
Customer : “ Yes , you dumb , b****! VANANA ! ”
This story is part of our Ice Cream roundup !
Want to read the next story ?
Click here !
Want to see the roundup ?
Click here !
Armed “ Surge ” Needed in Chicago
September 8th , 2008
History proves gun control does not work to stop violence .
Statistics prove gun control does not work to stop violence .
Common sense proves gun control does not work to stop violence .
Yet , we still have misguided , gun-grabbing politicians stripping law - abiding , responsible citizens of their constitutional right to carry a firearm for self defense .
In doing so , these politicians shift the balance of power on the street into the hands of criminals who will never follow gun control laws and the result is ALWAYS a dramatic increase in violent crime .
The latest , greatest hero of gun control is Chicago ’s Mayor Daley .
Under his leadership he has championed every imaginable gun control scheme possible and now has the dubious distinction of creating a city that had almost TWICE the number of Americans killed by gunfire over the summer than Americans killed in Iraq during the same time !
That ’s right !
247 people shot resulting in 125 killed this summer in Chicago !
Read this news report by CBS News and then let me share my solution for the good , law - abiding and responsible people of Chicago .
I ’m going to help them out with an Armed “ Surge ” compliments of Front Sight ’s Millionaire Patriot .
Here is the CBS Channel 2 News story …
http://cbs2chicago.com/local/chicago.summer.shootings.2.810166.html
The answer to curbing violent crime in ANY city is not banning guns or preventing law - abiding responsible citizens from having a concealed weapon permit .
The answer is to first balance the power on the street by placing guns in the hands of law - abiding , responsible and TRAINED citizens .
Society is safer when criminals do not know who is armed .
The more safe , responsible , law - abiding and trained citizens you place on the street carrying a concealed weapon , the more you shift the balance of power into the hands of the good guys .
After a few thugs are gunned downed by law - abiding citizens during convenience store robberies and home invasions , ( as we have seen time and time again in those cities and states that have adopted Shall Issue Concealed Carry Laws ) the word will get out on the street that Chicago is no longer a happy hunting ground for predators preying on defenseless men and women .
Criminals will leave Chicago and look for easier victims in cities where politicians are still clinging to the false promises of gun control .
So here is how I will help Mayor Daley out for the mess he has created in Chicago :
Between now and the end of this year , I will pay the tuition for any law - abiding , responsible citizen of Chicago and its suburbs to attend a Four Day Defensive Handgun Course .
You read this correctly .
This is a $ 2,000 Four Day Defensive Handgun Course that I will pay for any law - abiding citizen of Chicago and its suburbs .
Tell Mayor Daley that help is on the way in the form of a Front Sight “ Surge ” of armed and trained Chicago citizens .
After a Four Day Defensive Handgun Course , a citizen of Chicago will have skills in the use of a defensive handgun that exceed the law enforcement standards of the Chicago Police Department .
This is no exaggeration .
Just ask the law enforcement officers who travel across the country on their own dime to attend our courses .
If Mayor Daley has any common sense left in him and can study the statistics of other large cities that have adopted “ shall issue ” concealed carry laws , he should immediately begin allowing his citizens who have graduated from Front Sight to carry a concealed weapon in their normal daily activities .
It is time to shift the balance of power on the streets of Chicago back into the hands of the law - abiding .
The Front Sight “ Surge ” will do the trick and I will put my money where my mouth is by paying the Four Day Defensive Handgun Course tuition for any law - abiding citizen of Chicago and its suburbs .
For Chicago residents to take advantage of this offer , simply complete the online application at www.frontsight.com
And if you do not yet have a Handgun and Concealed Weapon Permit , then by all means take advantage of my Greatest Course , Gun , and Gear Offer that will put a Springfield Armory XD Pistol in your hands with 5 DAYS of our world - class training , as well as permits that allow you to carry a concealed handgun in over 30 states !
I will be posting a different article on this blog each Monday so I look forward to your visit every week .
If you have an interesting photo , story or tip about a relevant topic of interest to gun ownership , firearms training or Second Amendment issues , please feel free to send it to me at :
info@frontsight.com or
Again , take advantage of the Greatest Course , Gun , and CCW Permit offer in the firearms training industry see this link :
https://www.frontsight.com/free-gun.asp
See you next week .
Dr. Ignatius Piazza
Founder and Director
Front Sight Firearms Training Institute
Entry Filed under : Dr. Ignatius Piazza , Front Sight , Monday Blog Posts , Newsletter .
That ’s right kiddies , I just got bit by the new security restrictions in Flash Player 10 .
Â A developer I ’m working with claimed his new image save feature worked .
Â I tried it , and it did n’t .
Â
This morning , another developer sings praise in an email chain , and I ’m like huh ?
Â I try again , and get the :
Error # 2176 : Certain actions , such as those that display a pop-up window , may only be invoked upon user interaction , for example by a mouse click or button press .
Doh !
The converted image received from the server would trigger a FileReference .
download .
Â Adobe did make announcementsÂ with commentary , Â but the unique nature of the change , and the fact that Flash Player 10 did n’t have wide adoption when these announcements came out ( still does n’t ) made them pass through one ear and out the other .
Â
They were n’t relevant at the time because Flash Player 9 works , and you move on with life .
Â
Not to mention the fact this is an event driven security change , which makes it not so black and white .
Fixing this in our Flex app is n’t a big deal , it ’s just that some of our team is on FP9 , including their development boxes .
Â
The con is , we were n’t planning on developing for Flash Player 10 , but now we have to .
Â
The pro is , we can now leverage FP10 features such as saving images locally vs. using a server to do it .
Naturally I ’m wracking my brain this morning trying to remember all the applications I ’ve written that utilized FileReference .upload and download .
Â I ’m pretty sure all wereÂ initiatedÂ by a mouse click .
Â I just feel bad for all the poor bastards who utilized ExternalInterface to do it on past client websites and are now screwed .
Legislation supporting a standardized national driver 's license may have won unanimous approval in the Senate on Tuesday , but the bill 's apparently smooth passage left some jagged edges in its wake .
The Real ID
Act appeared in take - it - or - leave - it spending legislation , which effectively forced lawmakers to sign on to the whole measure even if they disagreed with a portion of it .
Several Republican and Democrat senators who cast favorable votes for the bill simultaneously railed against the provision authorizing the new driver 's license rules .
They 're not the only ones refusing to accept the bill peacefully .
The National Governors Association is threatening lawsuits to fight the legislation .
And some states are threatening to ignore the legislation because they say it will cost up to $ 700 million for states to comply and will place a heavy burden on Department of Motor Vehicles workers .
A spokeswoman for the governors ' association did not return calls for comment .
But Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , a Republican , told the Associated Press this week that " if more than half of the governors agree we 're not going down without a fight on this , Congress will have to consider changing " the rules .
In the meantime , mobilization against the legislation is also occurring on the citizen front .
Civil liberties activist Bill Scannell , who launched a website this week to protest the legislation , said that visitors to his site sent more than 20,000 faxes to senators within 24 hours .
" One by one ( senators ) got up and said , ' This is a real stinker but you 've got a gun to our heads so we 've got to vote for it , ' " Scannell said .
" This is an incredibly sleazy way to push something that pushes the very nature and foundations of our democracy . "
The act passed in the Senate with a 100 - 0 vote Tuesday and passed through the House twice – first as a stand - alone bill in February and again last week as part of a larger spending bill .
But several senators , such as Lamar Alexander ( R - Tennessee ) and Dick Durbin ( D - Illinois ) , said the legislation would have unintended consequences and likely would n't improve national security .
Marc Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , said more than 600 organizations – including state legislation associations , civil liberties groups and pro-immigrant advocates – opposed the bill .
And he said organizers will gather next week to discuss plans to press Congress to revisit its decision .
" This is one of the biggest mistakes Congress has ever made , " Rotenberg said .
" This is not over by any means . "
Supporters of the bill say it would prevent terrorists and undocumented immigrants from obtaining legitimate documents that would help them move freely through the country .
Last year , the 9/11 Commission called for tightening control over government - issued IDs because 18 of the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terror attacks used U.S. IDs to pass through airport security .
But opponents of the bill say it would create a national ID card and a de facto national database – a concept that Congress rejected when it was first proposed several years ago .
The act would force states to produce standardized , tamper - resistant driver 's licenses that would include machine - readable , encoded data .
States would n't be required to comply .
But those that do n't comply would create hardship for residents , who would n't be able to use their licenses as official identification to travel on airplanes , collect federal benefits or gain access to federal buildings .
All drivers , including current license holders , would have to provide multiple documents to verify their identity before they could obtain a license or renew one .
Drivers would have to provide several types of documentation , such as a photo ID , birth certificate , proof that their Social Security number is legitimate and something that verifies the applicant 's full home address .
Some critics call the legislation anti-immigration because it would prohibit undocumented immigrants from obtaining a driver 's license .
The law would compel DMV workers to verify the documents against federal databases and store the documents and a digital photo of the card holder in a database .
Critics say the mandates would result in higher costs and longer lines at the DMV .
" It 's a controversial measure and a controversial manner in which to pass it , " Rotenberg said .
" We want them to know that in passing ( the Real ID Act ) , Congress mandated the collection of sensitive personal information by state DMVs at the same time that the state DMVs have become the target of attacks . "
Since March , there have been at least three reported incidents of personal data being stolen for the sake of identity theft from DMV offices in Nevada , Florida and Maryland .
Senators opposing the act reluctantly passed it because it was slipped into a larger spending appropriations bill that authorized emergency funding for the Iraq war and tsunami victim relief .
Last month , 12 lawmakers – six Republicans and six Democrats – called on Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist ( R - Tennessee ) to prevent the ID bill from being slipped into other must - pass legislation .
They asked Frist to refer the bill separately to the Senate Judiciary Committee , where it could receive a hearing and debate .
" Legislation in such a complex area without the benefit of hearings and expert testimony is a dubious exercise and one that subverts the Senate 's deliberative process , " the senators wrote in a letter to Frist .
Among the senators who signed the letter were Alexander , Durbin , John McCain ( R - Arizona ) , Chuck Hagel ( R - Nebraska ) , John Sununu ( R - New Hampshire ) , Edward Kennedy ( D - Massachusetts ) and Richard Lugar ( R - Indiana ) .
Rep. James Sensenbrenner ( R - Wisconsin ) wrote the Real ID
Act and tried unsuccessfully to slip it into different must - pass legislation last year .
But many lawmakers objected , which forced Sensenbrenner to try again this year .
Rotenberg said groups did n't mobilize strongly before the bill passed this week because they were hoping and expecting the Senate would keep the bill separate from other legislation to give it a proper hearing .
Once it became clear last week that the Senate was not going to do this , there was little time to mobilize .
Jeff Lungren , spokesman for the House Judiciary Committee , which Sensenbrenner chairs , acknowledges that the bill was n't debated on its own in the Senate , but he says the legislation was discussed extensively last year when Sensenbrenner first proposed placing it in another bill .
" We had plenty of debate , " he said .
" It started in September ; it was in various committees of Congress .
It was in the ( 9/11 bill ) that the House passed ( last October ) .
It was the main bone of contention ... last year .
It was also very much in the headlines in the news everywhere last November ....
If some members ( of Congress ) chose not to deal with it ( then ) that 's their fault . "
Lungren said that senators told Sensenbrenner last year to put the provisions in a separate bill so they could consider the proposals .
" So we did that , " Lungren said .
" Nobody should be surprised or whine about lack of debate on these provisions . "
Rotenberg disagrees .
" There were no hearings on the bill in the Congress , just a lot of procedural maneuvering , " he said .
" And how can he say that they agreed to allow the Senate to consider the bill separately when that is exactly what they prevented during the conference ( where proponents pushed to have the bill inserted into the spending bill ) ? "
As for the idea that states might choose not to comply with the legislation , Lungren said they would " probably have some feedback from their residents if ( residents ) can't use their driver 's license as a form of identification .
But that 's their call to make and we 're hopeful they 'll work with us to improve the security standards ( of their cards ) . "
Lungren said the main standard put forth by the legislation regards verifying that people obtaining a state ID card are legally present in the state .
He said 41 states currently have such requirements that meet the Real ID Act standard .
" It 's the ... other states that have low standards , " Lungren said .
" Because of those low standards they put all Americans at risk . "
President Bush is expected to sign the Iraq spending appropriations bill this week .
I was reviewing the search engine statistics for this website , and found that there were quite a few people searching for “ What is Gun Control ” ?
I , and many readers of this website are quite familiar with gun control , however I thought an introduction to gun control might be helpful for some people :
Gun control is the faulty idea that criminals who ignore the laws against murder , rape , or robbery will somehow obey a law that prohibits them from having a gun .
Cities such as the District of Columbia and Chicago have had handgun bans for decades , yet their crime rates have been among the worst in the country .
That is because a criminal willing to commit serious felonies such as murder will not be deterred by gun control laws .
Instead , these criminals will buy their guns on the black market or steal guns ( often from the police ) .
Criminals do n’t obey laws , whether it is the law against armed robbery , home invasion , or the laws against gun possession .
Looking to other countries with strict national gun control also supports this conclusion : the UK enacted stringent gun control , yet saw a 40 % increase in the use of handguns by criminals .
Gun control is the unjust practice of taking gun rights ( and therefore self defense abilities ) away from law abiding citizens .
There are hundreds of millions of guns in the United States , and about 1/3 to 1 / 2 of all households lawfully have guns .
The overwhelming majority of guns are never used in a crime , and are instead kept for self defense or sporting purposes .
Americans use a gun for self defense every 13 seconds , and banning guns will only leave the law abiding citizens vulnerable against criminals .
Guns do not cause crime , and gun control is not a rational response to crime .
Gun control is the use of scare tactics by politicians
Anti gun politicians , such as Chicago ’s Mayor Daley , make utterly untrue assertions such as the one that gun owners will open fire on police or postal workers at random .
They will also blame so called “ assault weapons ” for crime , despite the fact that criminals very rarely use such guns .
Worse yet , these politicians work to pass laws that disarm the law abiding citizens , while they themselves are protected by gun-toting bodyguards at tax payer expense .
Gun control is sexist
Guns allow an elderly lady to fend off a larger and stronger attacker .
They allow a young woman to stop a criminal from attacking her at the door to her home .
Guns enable a pregnant woman to stop two home invaders .
Guns allow a mother to save her children from 2 home invading prison escapees .
In short , guns allow the physically weaker members of society to defend themselves against the physically stronger members of society .
Since , as a matter of biology and perhaps our cultural norms , men tend to be larger and stronger than women , and can often physically overpower women .
That means that banning guns puts the women at a relative disadvantage , even if the gun ban were to keep guns out of the hands of everyone .
Now take into account the fact that criminals will break the law and still have guns , and the disarmed women are at an even greater disadvantage .
Gun control is ignorance
Politicians will go on television to argue in favor of gun bans , without even understanding what they are trying to ban .
An example : Congresswoman McCarthy went on TV to argue in favor of gun control , but did n’t even know what the so called “ assault weapon ” feature she wanted to ban looks like or does .
When asked what a barrel shroud was , she first dodged the question , then incorrectly stated that criminals frequently use weapons with such a feature , then made a wrong guess as to what a barrel shroud does and where it goes on a gun .
It is simply ridiculous , ignorant , and embarrassing to have strong opinions about guns ( or any other issue ) unless one is familiar with the issue .
It is even worse to be a member of congress who introduces legislation to ban an object , without even knowing what the object is or does .
Here , the congresswoman wanted to pass a law that would affect millions of law abiding gun owners , and she did n’t even bother to spend 5 minutes learning what it was she wanted to ban .
Gun control is a disrespect for and a threat to our civil rights
Trying to find ways to undercut the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms sets a bad precedent for the treatment of our other civil rights .
If it is possible , through countless local , state and federal laws , to legislate away the basic right to have a gun for self defense , then the same can be done for other right such as abortion , free speech , due process , the right to have a lawyer , etc .
Furthermore , gun control laws are being used by the police as a pretext to violate the civil rights of citizens .
Gun Control is racist
Some of the earliest gun control laws expressly prohibited recently freed slaves from owning guns , in order to keep them defenseless .
When these laws were later struck down by the Supreme Court , so called “ junk gun ” laws were passed , which did n’t expressly discriminate by race , but instead banned inexpensive guns , which were the only ones most African Americans could afford .
Over the years , other racist gun control laws would be passed , targeted at Italian and Irish immigrants in New York .
Today , gun control laws serve to disarm many law abiding African American and Hispanic people who live in tough inner city neighborhoods , leaving them vulnerable to the criminals who violate the laws against gun possession , robbery , rape , and murder .
Unfortunately , some prominent civil rights leaders seem to have forgotten these facts .
Colbert : McCain camp a ' flaming bag of dog poo' David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday October 30 , 2008
Print This Email This
On his Wednesday night show , Stephen Colbert , host of Comedy Central 's Colbert Report , mocked Sen.
McCain 's campaign , describing it as a " flaming bag of dog poo , dropped on America 's doorstep . "
The host further goaded McCain by endorsing Obama , then urging the GOP candidate to show that he " knows where America wants to go " and also endorse the Democratic senator .
Pretending the whole Republican campaign has been nothing more than a lead - up to one gigantic ' zinger , ' Colbert recounted McCain 's many laughter - inducing missteps , from broken promises on taxes to the selection of his vice presidential candidate .
" Oh ! Oh !
Remember the time he picked Sarah Palin ? " asked the host , before falling out of his chair in an extended fit of laughter .
" I totally get it now !
She 's totally unqualified , and he 's so old !
There 's a really good chance she'd be president .
" Oh my God ... Oh my God , that is genius , " he said , sitting back in his chair .
" It all makes sense .
I finally understand why the entire McCain campaign has seemed like a flaming bag of dog poo dropped on America 's doorstep .
Sir , you are good ! "
Then , echoing similar moves by his " fellow , prominent conservatives , " Colbert announced his endorsement of Obama for president .
" I know that this is shocking , and I can tell that you 're angry , " he said .
Explaining that his fellow conservatives have been soaking up too much of the media limelight by endorsing Obama , Colbert reasoned that it 's time to be " associated with a winner . "
Plus , he added : " Endorsing Obama means I 'll be on his good side when I apply for a job running the combine at the new national farm collective . "
" Of course folks , I just want to be clear , " he backtracked .
" That does not mean I am voting for him .
I am not crazy , alright ? "
" No , " continued the host .
" I am voting for John McCain .
He may be in an uphill struggle in these final days , but I believe he can still win .
He just has to do something to prove that he has the judgment to lead , and knows where this country wants to go . "
Snapping his fingers , Colbert announced : " You know what ?
I 've got it .
Senator McCain ?
You need to endorse Barack Obama . "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Colbert Report , broadcast October 29 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Tuesday , Oct 14 , 2008
Like him or loathe him , last night CNN ’s Glenn Beck became the only mainstream media source thus far to address on national TV the reality of the situation Americans are facing with the manufactured financial implosion – the direct threat of domestic martial law and a global financial dictatorship .
Beck ’s guest , Peter Schiff , respected author of " Crash Proof " and president of the brokerage firm Euro Pacific Capital , joined him in outlining that martial law , the use of armed troops on the streets to quell dissent , is a real possibility should the economic crisis not improve or worsen to the point where civil unrest is fomented .
The following exchange between Beck and Schiff , who was also economic adviser to Ron Paul during his presidential campaign , is from the CNN transcript of last night ’s show :
SCHIFF : You know , what`s going to happen , of course , is as inflation starts running out of control and prices start going through the roof , the government again is going to focus on the symptoms and not the disease .
And they`re going to impose price controls on energy , on food , on a lot of other things that are vital , which means shortages , which means long lines , black markets , civil unrest .
All this stuff is coming if we don`t stop . [… ]
BECK : Peter , let`s talk a little bit about martial law .
Why would that even be a consideration ?
SCHIFF : Well , I don`t think it was a threat if they had rejected the bailout Bill , but I think it is a possibility a few years down the line .
We just spoke a little bit about price controls and the effect that they`re going to have .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
If we have shortages of food , if we have rolling blackouts .
And people are upset , and they`re hungry , and they`re cold , there could be civil unrest .
There could be looting , rioting , and that might be the impetus for the government to declare martial law .
BECK : You know , I don`t think you`re a couple of years away from something like that .
I mean , honestly , Peter , I mean , look at what`s happening .
In a half hour , I`ve got a congressman on about — about the racism cries .
I mean , there are people that are right now so disenfranchised , and I think being encouraged to be disenfranchised on both sides , that at any time this damn thing could break apart .
SCHIFF : Yes .
And we`re giving the government so much power .
And you know , you give up a lot more civil liberties .
When you have martial law and you`ve got the military policing our streets , when you`ve got suspension of habeas corpus , you`ve got curfews , you can`t be out of your house after dark , and they can just pick you up and put you in prison and keep you there indefinitely without charges , and there`s nothing you can do about it ?
I mean , we`re giving up one liberty after another , all to protect ourselves from this economic crisis , which needs to happen anyway , but it doesn`t need to be nearly this bad .
BECK : Peter , this is — I mean , we`re in Crazytown , USA .
But my gut tells me that , two years down the road — let`s just use that number — this country is not going to look anything like it does today .
Our world has changed ; it just hasn`t caught up .
During the ten minute segment , Beck and Schiff also pointed out that America is headed for Weimar Republic style hyperinflation at the hands of global bankers , stated that the financial implosion has been manufactured by design , warned that the Treasury has been given dictatorial powers and raised the question of whether the end game is a one world currency and one world financial governance .
Beck also played the now infamous clip of Democratic Congressman Brad Sherman from October 2nd stating that several members of Congress were threatened before the bailout vote that martial law would be instigated in America if the legislation was not passed .
Watch the entire segment below :
Though Beck was unable to bring Rep. Sherman on to his show , the Congressman did appear exclusively on the Alex Jones show on October 3rd to discuss the threat of martial law .
Peter Schiff also appeared on the Alex Jones show recently to discuss this important issue .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Bipartisan report slams Bush 's ' inappropriate ' use of executive power Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday October 14 , 2008
Print This Email This Lawmakers from both parties have concluded that President Bush engaged in a " legally unprecedented and inappropriate " use of his executive power authority when he intervened to scuttle a congressional inquiry into the White House 's role in outing former CIA agent Valerie Plame .
At issue is an interview of Vice President Dick Cheney conducted by the FBI during its investigation into the Plame leak .
The House Oversight Committee last year requested a copy of Special Counsel Patrick Fitzgerald 's report on that interview , and Bush has invoked executive privilege to justify his refusal to comply .
In a 10 - page draft report released Tuesday , Oversight Committee chairman Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) and ranking member Tom Davis ( R - VA ) say the president 's claim was unjustified .
Courts have held that presidents can use executive power arguments to protect their ability to receive confidential advice from advisers , but the release of information about FBI interviews would not touch on such advice , the committee report says .
Furthermore , neither Bush nor Cheney had any expectation that the interviews would remain confidential .
The report 's release comes amid a longstanding showdown between the president and Congress over the extent of executive power that has already led to contempt citations against several current or former administration figures .
Waxman and Davis 's report notes the bizarre lengths Cheney has gone to avoid congressional scrutiny and the contradiction presented by the administration 's latest argument .
" The Administrations refusal to produce the Vice Presidents interview report is particularly puzzling in light of the position taken by the Office of the Vice President that the Vice President is not an ' entity within the executive branch , ' " the report says .
" The logical extension of the Vice Presidents position is that executive branch confidentiality interests would not be relevant to his communications . "
The committee is so interested in Cheney 's conversations with the FBI because his former top aide , I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , was the only official to be convicted in relation to the Plame probe .
A grand jury concluded Libby had lied to investigators and obstructed justice , but he was spared jail time when Bush commuted his sentence .
The full committee will consider the the report next week .
" This invocation of executive privilege was legally unprecedented and an inappropriate use of executive privilege , " the report says .
" It prevented the Committee from learning the extent of the Vice Presidents role in the disclosure of Ms. Wilsons identity . "
An Israeli child from a far - right settler group in the West Bank city of Hebron hurls a stone up the stairs of a Palestinian family close to their settlement and shouts : " I will exterminate you . "
Another spits towards the same family .
Another settler woman pushes her face up to a window and snarls : " Whore ! "
They are shocking images .
There is footage of beatings , their aftermath , and the indifference of Israel 's security forces to serious human rights abuses .
There is footage too of those same security forces humiliating Palestinians – and most seriously – committing abuses themselves .
They are contained in a growing archive of material assembled by the Israeli human rights organisation B'Tselem in a remarkable project called Shooting Back .
The group has supplied almost 100 video cameras to vulnerable Palestinian communities in Hebron , the northern West Bank and elsewhere , to document and gather evidence of assaults and abusive behaviour – largely by settlers .
" We gave the first video camera out in Hebron [ in January 2007 ] , " says Diala Shamas a Jerusalem - based researcher with B'Tselem .
But the project took off in earnest , however , in January this year .
The video is sometimes chaotic , jumpy .
Sometimes only the audio is captured and a pair of soldiers ' boots .
But what it documents in all its rough reality is the experience of occupation on a daily basis for the most vulnerable families and communities – giving a voice to those who have been voiceless for so long .
" Right now we have about 100 video cameras , " adds Shamas .
" The largest number are in the Hebron region where the most frequent complaints of settler attacks are .
And recently in the northern area and the region next to the [ building ] of the [ separation ] wall where there are demonstrations . "
She explains the reason for introducing the Shooting Back project .
" The project started as response to the need to gather evidence .
We were constantly filing complaints to no avail on the basis of lack of evidence , or … we do n't know the name of the settler .
" Now we are going back and forth with our video - cassettes to [ Israeli ] police station begging them to press rewind , freeze … it is the bulk of our work .
The value of the footage is not only evidential .
It also has had a remarkable value in terms of advocacy and campaigning .
' We quickly realised the media value of this footage .
It is maybe an overstatement but we started bridging this gap between what was happening in the occupied Palestinian territories and what the Israeli public can see .
" There was a conspiracy of silence surrounding settler violence in particular .
This footage is shocking to Israelis . '
And in particular it has been two pieces of video , shot by Palestinians this year and released by B'Tselem , that have gained massive international attention by throwing the issue of human rights abuses in the occupied Palestinian territories back into the spotlight .
The first was footage of a group of four hooded settlers from the settlement of Susya armed with what look like pickaxe handles brutally beating a group of Palestinian farmers .
The second – not taken as part of Shooting Back programme – but supplied to B'Tselem by a 17 - year - old schoolgirl from the village of Ni'ilin earlier this month showed a protester against the building of the West Bank barrier on his village 's land being shot in the foot by an Israeli soldier with a plastic bullet as he was held blindfold and bound .
The protester was Ashraf Abu Rahma , aged 27 .
The video was shot by Salam Kanaan aged 17 .
A constant presence at the demonstrations in the Palestinian villages in the rocky hills of the West Bank , Ashraf is employed by the villages as a watchman on land that is threatened with being taken from the Palestinian villages for the building of the West Bank barrier .
He says he was unaware of what was happening to him until almost the moment before he was shot and wounded in the foot .
It is only when he saw the video too that he was able to understand what happened to him .
Arrested during a demonstration against the West Bank barrier in Ni'ilin on July 7 he recalled last week being almost immediately blindfolded .
" They had rounded up the foreigners [ from the International Solidarity Movement ] and arrested me and another guy separately .
" They put me in a jeep and started cursing me , hitting me and using bad language in Hebrew and Arabic .
It had never occurred to me that they would shoot .
" They held me in the sun for a long time .
Later I heard them discussing what they were going to do with me .
" I recall hearing a conversation about how to shoot me .
What I recall is the words rubber bullet , rubber bullet ...
I was blindfolded so I was only aware of their aggression .
" It was only when I saw Salam 's video that I understood what happened to me .
The guy touching me on my right shoulder before I was shot .
" Just before it happened they said they 're going to beat me .
They said they were going to send me to hell .
They know me because I 've been to every protest . "
Ashraf claims the abuse continued even when he was on the ground after the shot was fired .
" When I asked for medical attention they said : this is nothing , we are going to beat you more . "
Although the Israeli military 's version is that the shooting was a misunderstanding of the orders given by the lieutenant colonel on the scene — and that the aim was only to " frighten " Ashraf examination of the footage makes it hard to credit that version .
Eyad Haddad , B'Tselem 's Ramallah - based field researcher who tracked down the footage of Ashraf 's punishment shooting , believes that the project has helped supply crucial evidence in documenting abuses .
" These events that happen are often so distant , or happen in the middle of the night , where there is no media .
" Where we 've seen there is a lot of violation from the settlers and especially where there are demonstrations happening and we want to monitor the Israeli soldier 's behaviour we are distributing video cameras .
" It is having a good effect and it will stop the violations . "
Haddad says the organisation is now trying to encourage people living in areas of confrontation to use their own cameras — if they have them – or mobile phones to film potential abuses that they encounter .
" We want to encourage a mentality to use the cameras .
It is the only weapon that the civilians have . "
According to Diala Shamas the recent high international profile of the footage shot of the settler beating in Susya and the shooting of Ashraf Abu Rahma has meant that the group has not only been inundated with requests for cameras from Palestinian communities , but those who already have cameras supplied by B'Tselem are shooting more footage of their day to day experiences .
" In the beginning we were almost begging people to take the cameras with them when they went out .
They did n't see the use of it .
But after the media coverage over the Susya incident … we 've gotten a flood of requests for our video cameras .
And those who have got the cameras are using them much more frequently . "
Commenting on the Ni'ilin footage she said : " It is one of the biggest victories because it is the troops not the settlers .
It is not just a ' rotten apple ' which is usually the response that we get from the government spokespeople .
We did n't give out 100 video cameras to document rotten apples .
It was to show there was something systematic happening and it was structural to the occupation .
" In this case it was remarkable that it was actually the soldiers themselves .
They did in fact open an investigation .
" They could n't ignore it . "
Talk about strange bedfellows .
A German publisher of games and children 's software , without a major hit to its name and with no experience in online gaming , committing tens of millions of Euros to the development of what it hopes will be a triple - A MMO .
An American author of doorstop science - fiction and fantasy novels seeing his work adapted for the first time .
A bunch of talented , dispossessed Australian developers , striking out in a new field and a new country , with a truly international team .
A wealthy Asian city - state looking to compete with its neighbours and foster an entertainment industry of its own .
If all that does n't sound out - there enough , wait till you get a load of the game they 're making .
This is no World of Questhammer : The Rune Crusade .
Otherland - from the books by Tad Williams - is a mind - bending concept .
For want of a better soundbite , let 's call it the first cyberpunk MMO : a virtual world about virtual worlds , in which your avatar is an avatar , the NPCs play NPCs , and you explore a multiverse in which you might be in realistic historical surroundings one minute , and cartoon fantasy ones the next .
Everything changes , even your own appearance , and nothing is even pretending to be real .
In a field as formulaic as videogames , you seldom come across anything as unlikely as this .
And yet here we are in baking , steamy Singapore , the guests of dtp Entertainment ( the publisher ) and its new Singaporean outpost , the development studio Real U , formed around a core of ex-Melbourne House talent .
You remember them : 8 - bit heroes of The Hobbit and The Way of the Exploding Fist , and then cult classic Shadowrun , who in later years struggled valiantly with the tide of licences and conversions heaped on them by Atari , sometimes triumphing against the odds ( as in PS2 Transformers ) .
Even the impossibly garrulous author Tad Williams is here , bulldozing through the jetlag on raw enthusiasm alone , talking enough to fill the thousand pages of one of his books .
It 's rare enough to get the reluctant presence of a licensor , but Williams seems genuinely delighted to be here promoting this game - and after all , why should n't he ?
It 's not just that his work is being faithfully adapted - it's that his predictions are coming true .
The aesthetic of Lambda Mall is weirdly dated - a very 90s version of VR - but the graphical performance is n't .
Otherland depicts a near - future world where the net rules all , and virtual - reality headsets that turn it into a surround sensory experience are commonplace .
Everything from shopping to games has become an all - consuming alternate reality played out by humans ( " Citizens " , inhabiting their " sim " avatars ) and computer - controlled AIs called Puppets .
In this world , the ultimate status symbols and playthings of the super - rich are their own personal virtual realities , tailored to their interests and specifications .
But these come at a human cost .
Without giving too much of the books ' plot away , a sinister secret cabal of net overlords is feeding on the consciousnesses of innocent humans , trapping them in virtual space to make their personal fantasies that little bit more real .
You start the game as one of those consciousnesses in a place called the Land of the Lost , a nightmare scenario which you 're trying to escape .
You 'll run , be killed , and reborn in a " baby " state as a simple , low - rent sim ( though we suspect the game wo n't be using that term , for obvious reasons ) - a blank , featureless avatar that can be male , female or even neither .
Flight tubes shoot you between sections of the Mall and other virtual realities .
As you increase in power , you learn to manipulate the appearance and properties of yourself and the world around you , and you learn to work with the " code " that underlies and defines everything in the Otherland multiverse ( well , it 's one hell of a rationale for levelling up ) .
Only then will you be able to take on a more defined appearance , and this could blend you in with your surroundings , or express your wildest imaginings .
On rebirth , you 'll arrive in what Real U calls " a chunk of real estate " , a virtual space that becomes your own and that you 'll return to in order to rebuild yourself - from scratch , but via shortcuts - every time you " die " in Otherland .
This is connected to the game 's hub , a neon - edged , Bladerunner - style virtual shopping and entertainment complex called Lambda Mall .
Summary : JavaScript Benchmarks are n’t adapting well to the rapid increase in JavaScript engine performance .
I provide some simple tests for verifying this and propose a modified setup which could be used by all JavaScript Benchmarks to achieve high - quality results .
There now exists three , what I would consider to be , major JavaScript performance benchmarks .
Each are released by a major browser vendor .
WebKit released SunSpider , Mozilla released Dromaeo , Google released the V8 Benchmark .
Each suite has a variety of tests and a test runner .
I ’m currently interested in one thing :
The quality of the test runner that each of these suites provides .
There are three points that any test runner tries to achieve :
Retrieving accurate numbers .
Another way to phrase it : “ Retrieving stable numbers . ”
If you run the test suite multiple times will you get identical , or near - identical , numbers ?
Reducing the possible error .
Does the suite attempt to quantify how much possible error there could be in their results ?
How large is the error ?
Reducing run time .
How long does it take to run each test ?
The ideal suite would be one that ’s capable of running an individual test as quickly and accurately as possible with virtually no error .
However , in order to get those numbers you need to carefully chose what style of tests you wish to run .
I quantify the current field of tests into three categories :
Slow - running tests :
These tests generally take a couple hundred milliseconds on an average consumer machine .
This is the style of tests that you generally see in SunSpider and occasionally in Dromaeo .
These tests have a distinct advantage :
They are generally quite accurate .
You do n’t need to run them very many times ( say about 5 ) in order to get a consistent picture of how the test will run .
Moderate - running tests :
These tests take less than one hundred milliseconds .
You ’ll see these tests in Dromaeo .
These tests need to be run quite a few times ( 20 - 30 ) in order to get a better picture of their speed .
Fast - running tests :
These tests take less than ten milliseconds .
You ’ll see these tests in the V8 Benchmark and in Dromaeo .
These tests must be run many , many , times ( usually close to a thousand ) in order to weed out any possible error .
If you were to run one 10 ms test 5 times – and get a single result of 11ms that would introduce a significant level of error into your results .
Consider tests that take 0 - 1 ms .
A deviation within that range can instantly cause error levels around 50 % to occur , if enough test iterations are n’t completed .
Looking at the above categories the solution seems obvious :
Use slow - running tests !
You get to run them fewer times and you get accurate results – everything ’s peachy !
But here ’s the problem :
The speed of JavaScript engines are increasing at a rate faster than test suites can adapt .
For example , SunSpider was initially developed with all tests running at equal speeds on a modern computer .
Now that speed improvements have come along , though , ( WebKit improvements , then Mozilla , then Squirrel Fish , then TraceMonkey , then V8 ) those results do n’t even remotely resemble the tests of old .
Most of the results have moved down into the moderate - running range of tests , some even into the fast - running range – but here ’s the problem :
They ’re still only running the originally - designed number of loops .
An example of the difference :
This means that a browser is running a test for 5 - 10 loops ( in both SunSpider or Dromaeo ) but the speed of the test no longer matches that assigned number of iterations .
At first glance you could say one of two things :
1 ) Increase the difficulty of the tests or 2 ) Have them run for more iterations .
There are problems with this , though .
While you certainly could increase the complexity of existing tests the result would be a never - ending battle .
Improvements would have to land every couple months in order to keep up with the pace of improvement .
This would work ok in Dromaeo ( since it has versioned tests ) but not all suites can handle this behavior .
Additionally this now makes the tests less - useful for measuring slower browsers ( the tests now take an absurd amount of time to complete as opposed to the very - plausible numbers from before ) .
Additionally , you could increase the number of test iterations that would occur but not without assigning specific iteration counts to each individual tests .
And this is the full problem :
How do you know what numbers to choose ?
Raising the number to 20 iterations may help one browser – but what about another browser which will need 100 iterations to get a proper count ?
This leaves us in a bind .
Browsers keep getting faster at tests , test suites do the wrong number of iterations , causing the error level to continually increase :
We should take a step back and look at what the test suites are doing to counter - act the above trend from happening – if anything at all .
SunSpider was originally dominated by long - running tests running 5 times each .
The tests use to be long - running but are now only in to the medium to fast - running range ( depending on the browser ) .
This has caused the accuracy to decrease and error level to increase .
Increasing the number of iterations would help ( but hinder older browser performance ) .
Dromaeo has a range of tests ( fast , moderate , and long - running ) each running 5 - 10 times each .
Dromaeo attempts to correct the number of iterations run , right now , but kind of fails when doing so .
It looks at the results of past iterations ( especially the error level generated by the results ) and decides to run more tests until a stable error level is achieved .
The problem with this is the samples are no longer being independently determined .
Whereas test runs 1 - 5 were independent , test runs 6 - 10 were not ( they ’re only being run due to the fact that previous test runs provided poor results ) .
So while the results from Dromaeo are hyper - stable ( they ’re the most stable performance test that we run at Mozilla ) they ’re not determined in a proper statistical manner .
Thus Dromaeo needs to be changed in order for people to be able to gather accurate results without sacrificing its statistical integrity .
The V8 Benchmark takes a completely different strategy for its fast - running tests : Instead of running for a pre-determined number of iterations each test is run continuously until a second of time has passed .
This means that individual tests frequently run anywhere from 50 - 200 times ( depending on the machine and browser they run on ) .
Currently the V8 Benchmark does suffer from one shortcoming :
There is no error calculation done .
Both SunSpider and Dromaeo fit the results to a t- distribution and compute the possible error of the results whereas the V8 Benchmark just leaves them as is .
However , the V8 Benchmark does bring up a very interesting strategy .
By picking tests that are simpler ( and , arguably , most current complex tests will become “ simple ” as engines rapidly improve ) and running them more times ( relative to the complexity of the test ) the results become much more stable .
Consider the result : Fast - running tests end up having a smaller error range because they are able to run more within a given allotment of time .
This means that the test runner is now self - correcting ( adjusting the number of iterations seamlessly ) .
Since all JavaScript engines are getting faster and faster , and complex tests are running in shorter and shorter amounts of time , the only logical conclusion is to treat all tests as if they were fast tests and to run them a variable number of times .
We can test this hypothesis .
I ’ve pulled together a simple demo that tests the computational accuracy of the three styles of test ( Simple – or Fast - running , Moderate , and Complex – or Slow - running ) against the two different types of suites : “ Max ” style ( the style implemented by the V8 Benchmark ) and “ Fixed ” style ( the style implemented by SunSpider and Dromaeo ) .
The results are quite interesting :
Fast and moderate - speed tests are incredibly accurate with the max - style of test running .
Often their error is no more than 2 % ( which is really quite acceptable ) .
The quality degrades for the complex tests , but that ’s ok .
Complex tests could be tweaked to consume less resources ( thus allowing them to iterate more times and become more accurate ) .
Right now the accuracy of slow - to - moderate tests in fixed run test suites are suffering from increased rates of error as the engines get faster ( as can be seen in the above chart ) .
The major change that would need to be made to the flexible style of execution ( at least the one implemented in the V8 Benchmark ) would be some form of error checking and t- distribution fitting .
In V8 a series of tests are run over the course of one second .
I propose that the resulting number ( the total number of tests executed ) be saved and the tests are repeatedly run again ( perhaps 5 times , or so ) .
The resulting set of 5 numbers ( representing , potentially , thousands of test runs ) would then be analyzed for quality and error level .
I have this measure completely mocked up in my sample test measurement .
The relevant portion of the code is here :
function runTest ( name , test , next ) {
var runs = [ ] , r = 0 ;
setTimeout ( function ( ) {
var start = ( new Date ) .getTime ( ) , diff = 0 ;
for ( var n = 0 ; diff < 1000 ; n++ ) { test ( ) ; diff = ( new Date ) .getTime ( ) - start ; } runs.push( n ) ; if ( r++ < 4 ) setTimeout ( arguments .callee , 0 ) ; else { done ( name , runs ) ; if ( next ) setTimeout ( next , 0 ) ; } } , 0 ) ; }[/js ]
Switching to a flexible style of text execution has many benefits :
It ’ll help to keep the rate of error small for most tests ( especially if the tests are tailored to be smaller in nature ) .
It ’ll allow the suite to gracefully adapt over time , as engines speed up , without sacrificing the ability to work on old engines .
The maximum number of runs ( and , thus , the maximum amount of accuracy ) will occur for the engines that are able to complete the tests faster .
Since the greatest amount of competition is occurring in these high numbers ( as opposed to in older user agents , where there is no progress being made ) granting them the most accurate numbers possible makes this ideal .
I plan on prototyping this setup into Dromaeo and releasing it shorting .
It ’ll take much longer to run the full test suite but the result will be quite worth it .
Jump to follow - up
Thames Valley University is one of those shameful institutions that offer Bachelor of Science degrees in homeopathy .
They do n’t stop there though .
They ’ll teach you several other forms of make - believe medicine .
Among these is “ nutritional medicine ” .
This is taught at the Plaskett Nutritional Medicine College which is now part of Thames Valley University .
Everyone is for good nutrition of course , but ‘ nutritional medicine ’ , or ‘ nutritional therapy ’ pretends to be able to cure all sorts of diseases by changes in diet or by buying expensive nutritional supplement pills .
It has no perceptible relationship to the very important subjects of ‘ nutrition ’ or ‘ dietetics ’ .
Nutritional therapy is very firmly part of alternative medicine , in other words it is largely quackery .
If you do n’t believe that , read on .
The subject of nutritional therapy was in the news recently because of Matthias Rath .
He is the person who is reponsible for the death of many Africans because of his advocacy of vitamin pills for the treatment of HIV / AIDS .
He did n’t just ( mis ) treat people , but also played a role in persuading the recently departed Thabo Mbeki , and his health minister ( “ Mrs Beetroot ” ) to abandon effective therapies for AIDS sufferers .
See reports in The Guardian , by Ben Goldacre , and here ,
I ’ve written a lot about the penetration of quackery into universities , and I thought I ’d seen the worst with ‘ amethysts emit high yin energy ‘ .
But , as Goldacre said , let me tell you how bad things have become . .
Recently I came into possession of a lengthy set of notes for a first year course on “ The Holistic Model of Healthcare ” .
The notes are from the 2005 course at Thames Valley University , They are not signed , but appear to have been written by Dr Lawrence Plaskett himself . .
You can download the whole set of notes here .
Here are a few choice quotations .
The basis of them is pure vitalism .
They read like a throwback to the dark ages .
Little comment is needed .
They speak for themselves .
1.3 What do Orthodox Dieticians know about Food and Health ?
Dieticians working in the National Health Service and private clinics and hospitals are usually well trained in the basics of the subject , though they too have an entirely orthodox slant .
By and large they seem to accept the general view of most of the medical profession that nutrition does not affect illness much .
Hence , they restrict themselves to designing diets required by the doctors for whom they work – usually for specified narrow purposes , such as low fat diets , low sodium diets etc .
Such diets are , indeed , important in the hospital management of certain diseases ( once these have become established ) but they represent extremely limited horizons .
Much that is in the basic and essential training of alternative nutritional practitioners is missing from the training of dieticians .
As a result , most hospital diets are not very good for health judging from the parameters that will be set down in the following Sessions
Well , it is true that real dietitians prefer not to base their practice on mediaeval vitalism .
That is what marks them out as professionals .
1.4 Relationship to Science and the Limitations of Orthodox Methods However , the subject of Wholistic Nutrition transcends the area of human understanding for which science , alone , is appropriate .
The reason is that it is ‘ vitalistic ’ .
It recognises the presence in all life forms including the human body , of subtle ( or ‘ etheric ’ ) energy forces not easily measurable by the physicist ’s equipment .
It shares that position with the ‘ energy medicine ’ disciplines such as homoeopathy , traditional acupuncture and spiritual healing .
It follows an approach to those subtle energies that is embodied in the discipline and philosophy of naturopathy .
Vitalism is the notion that life in living organisms is sustained by a vital principle that cannot be explained in terms of physics and chemistry .
This vital principle , often called “ the life force ” , is something quite distinct from the physical body and is responsible for much that happens in health and disease .
Naturopathy is a relatively modem term for an ancient concept ( dating back to 400 BC ) .
This concept embraces the notion that the body is inherently self - healing and that it is the practitioner ’s job to stimulate and support this process .
Each patient is recognised as having a unique life experience and a unique genetic inheritance .
All diseases are seen as one and as attempts by the body to purify itself of toxins .
Treatment focuses on causes rather than on symptoms and always addresses the whole person .
The wise words of Hippocrates ( often called the Father of Medicine ) express some of the main tenants of naturopathic thought .
He said :
It is only nature that heals and wherever and whenever possible nature should be given the opportunity to do so .
Disease is only an expression of purification .
All disease is one .
Let food be your medicine and medicine be your food . ”
Hence , most ‘ alternative ’ nutritionists see conventional nutrition .
as being rather rigid and unmoving .
Hence , they also see it as very limited .
This happens because orthodox nutritionists tend to be locked into science alone .
They fail to grasp the significance ( or the reality of ) the subtle energies and they reject the philosophy of vitalism .
It is generally the view of ‘ alternative ’ nutritionists that understanding these things is a major step to healing the patient .
“ Understanding ” vitalism sounds more like a way of harming patients than healing patients .
1.5 The Pressure of the Orthodox model Almost everyone who takes steps towards ‘ alternative ’ medicine experiences a backlash from others around them who have not been able to make the same conceptual change .
Patients wanting to settle into an ‘ alternative ’ approach can be subject to negativity from their doctors ( and as a result many patients do not ask the doctor ’s opinion ) .
But students and practitioners alike are frequently subject to negative expressions and even frank hostility from relatives
who can understand only orthodox , symptomatic treatment .
It is therefore best to be forewarned that your adherence to ‘ alternative ’ principles will be tested in these ways .
The “ Life Force ” gets capital letters , like God , But what is it ?
Pure fantasy .
2 THE LIFE FORCE 2.1
What does our Energy Consist of ?
At the root of most hoIistic therapies lies the belief that all life is animated by a subtle force .
We call this the Life Force .
You either believe it or you do not .
It can not exactly be proved at the moment and the belief is not in accord with the yardsticks that we call ‘ scientific ’ ,
The belief is a little akin to the belief in God or in spirits or ghosts , and yet at the same time it is not ,
because the Life Force is by no means so remote from us .
It is not necessarily difficult for an agnostic to accept the Life Force .
The writer was once asked for a definition of the Life Force and wrote : ” The Life Force is that non-material .
non-physical force that animates all life forms and distinguishes them from non-living matter .
It Is seen as a determining Force , not as a mere accompaniment to the phenomenon of Life .
That is , it determines whether Life can exist or not .
It determines the physical form that a life form takes : by its quality and its strength it determines the health , vigour and vitality of the life form .
Hence it determines our freedom from , or our susceptibility to illnesses , and our general ability to come through and to recover from Life ’s stresses and traumas . ”
A bit later it gets even better , when we get to astral travel and even survival after death .
Truly bonkers .
The postulate of a subtle Life Force makes a natural connection with such topics as out of body experiences , astral travel and even survival after death .
This happens because the subtle Life Force appears by its very nature to be “ life within a different medium ” and if life can exist in
a different medium , then why should it not exist quite independently of the physical body ?
So what ’s the evidence ?
2.2 Evidence Concerning the Life Force Since our ‘ usual ’ human senses only work through the medium of the human body we can only expect to detect the Life Force or other subtle forces , through their interactions with matter .
It is clear that these interactions are themselves subtle and sensitive because one level or state is impinging upon another .
It is postulated that they are not entirely of our world , not physical , only detectable with physical apparatus under special conditions .
Often they are described as “ that which science cannot see ” .
Not surprisingly , therefore , when investigators come forward convinced that they have a phenomenon that demonstrates the Life Force .
the physicists , looking at it with a steely scientific eye , are not usually ready to accept the conclusions claimed .
Hence , we have several delicate phenomena that are often claimed to be manifestations of the Life Force , yet not accepted as such scientifically .
•
The experiments done by Harold Saxton Burr on the “ Fields of Life ” . •
The experimen1s performed on detecting and measuring “ Electrodynamic fields ” •
The phenomenon of “ Capillary dynamolysis ” • Homoeopathic effects .
• The Chinese ‘ energy pulses ’ at the human wrists .
From experience it is clear that many students will simply accept the Life Force as ‘ obvious ’ .
Some will say they have always known about it .
Others are able to accept the concept now as a reasonable principle .
Others perhaps ( though we have rarely come across it ) will never accept the Life Force .
If that occurs , it seems a shame , for it removes some of the excitement from wholistic nutrition , . . .
What ’s said about the homeopathic evidence ?
2.6 Homoeopathic Effects
It is not until Nutritional Medicine students have qualified and got into practice that they usually employ any homoeopathy as an adjunct to their therapy in anything other than a first - aid role .
That is because homoeopathy is a complex training in its own right and a quite separate discipline .
However , any demonstration of the effectiveness of homoeopathic medicines at potencies higher than 12C is evidence for the existence of the subtle etheric energies .
Such remedies have been diluted beyond the point at which the last traces of material substance derived from the Mother tincture , have been removed , leaving only the residual energy associated with the original material .
Of course the notes go on to misrepresent the clinical trials which actually show that homeopathy is mere placebo .
2.9 Toxic Effects upon the Life Force The Life Force is generally seen as an abundant ebullient and beautiful manifestation of Nature ’s energy .
Although some forms of acupuncture take in the concept of a form of polluted Life Force called Aggressive Energy ” , that idea is not shared much by other whoIistic disciplines .
We are left for the most part with the idea of a rather perfect form of energy .
In Western Naturopathic thought , the enemy of the Life Force is toxicity .
The Life Force inhabits a potentially perfect physical body .
The main threat to the integrity of that body consists of the body ’s own metabolic wastes , if they are not properly cleared out .
Plus environmental toxins that gain access to the body from outside , or that are generated in the bowel .
In that way the bowel gains a high level of importance in Naturopathy and ‘ ” Nature Cure ” .
The Life Force , then , with its almost holy purity , is in danger of being inhibited , dampened down and threatened by what amounts to some entirely physical dirt that gains access to that temple of the soul the human body .
Whilst in Traditional Chinese Medicine impurities in the mind , emotions or spirit are just as important as physical impurity , it is naturopathy that focuses upon the actual physical sewers of the body .
Aha , that ’s it .
Holy water .
The inability of naturopaths in the past to identify specific toxins or to point with sufficient exactitude to the ways in which they can be removed , has been the Achilles Heel of the naturopaths in trying to represent their views in the past to orthodox doctors or medical scientists .
And it still is .
The alleged toxins have never been identified , still less removed .
Detoxification is a myth of downmarket women ’s magazines and profiteering spas .
And , of course , of some Bachelor of Science degrees .
2.10 Nutritional Effects upon the Life Force 2.10.1
Bulk nutrients
Next comes the consideration of the bulk nutrients – the protein , carbohydrate and fat .
These are our source of biochemical energy and we obviously starve without them .
Their purity is crucial .
If they have been chemically modified or damaged by toxic interactions , then they will entrain toxicity and also be hard to break down .
Even at best , their digestion and assimilation costs energy , which may well be both biochemical and subtle .
What “ toxic interactions ” ?
This is all sheer fantasy .
2.10.3 The micronutrients
When you practice [ sic ] nutritional therapy in a naturopathic setting , being aware at the same time of the on - going biochemistry , you become critically aware of the role of the micronutrients in a way that the classical naturopaths were not .
Biochemical reactions will flow better when they are present in the correct balance .
Therefore the minerals have a key interaction with the Life Force .
Without the right minerals the Life Force can be conceived of as pushing forward to achieve high activity in the body , yet being blocked through the chemical composition not being correct .
If you apply the minerals in this situation , there may , indeed .
be a surge forward of the energy .
Whatever that may mean .
3 THE EBULLIENCE OF THE LIFE FORCE : STOPPING THE ROT AND STARTING TO RECOVER 3.1 The Horror of Deterioration : The Chronic State
All that has gone before has already shown that the grassroots of deterioration in the physical body are : Weakened Life Force
Nutritional Deficiency and Imbalance
Toxic Attack
If nutritional error or deprivation are the more strongly implicated primary cause , then the Life Force struggles with an unbalanced physical body , getting the tissue biochemistry to work at full integrity is impossible ; hence .
the body ’s detoxification system becomes incompetent and the body ’s toxic burden may rise steeply .
At the same time the Life Force ails .
So , focusing as we do now upon elimination of toxins ( the very nub of classical naturopathy ) , we perceive that it is a process that depends upon a good strong Life Force and also upon adequate nutrient intake .
Therapies that directly stimulate the Life Force ( homoeopathy , acupuncture and spiritual healing ) therefore make an indirect , though real , contribution to toxic elimination through increasing the Life Force or otherwise improving its health and balance .
So according to this , all CAM is much the same .
That idea will provoke bitter internecine warfare .
3.5 The Law of Cure
We have above depicted the move from relative health to chronic illness as a downward path .
Equally , the route back from the edge of the abyss of chronic illness is one of revitalisation and detoxification .
The idea of the ‘ route back ’ was spotted years ago by the homoeopath , Constantine Hering , and has become known as ‘ Hering ’s Law of Cure ’ .
The Law further embodies the notion that toxins , and therefore symptoms , tend to move outward from within as recovery or cleansing occurs .
This is fully in accord with the classical naturopath ’s idea .
Toxins close to the surface of the body are conceived to be most likely on their way out .
The skin is an eliminatory organ and toxins at or near the skin level are not so much of a threat to well being .
Naturally , the patient may well be horrified at the disfiguring
rash that may be seen by all .
Nonetheless , the patient is seen to be far better off than when having these toxins deep within the body , held , perhaps within essential organs that are becoming progressively damaged .
This sounds increasingly like a ‘ do - nothing ’ approach ( much like homeopathy then ) .
3.6 Suppression Boils used to swell up into a red sore and then burst .
Very bad ones , or carbuncles , might be lanced to cause the pus ( morbid matter ) to run out .
These days , boils and carbuncles tend to occur much less than formerly , presumably because of the lower Life Force of the population and the generally suppressive medical culture .
The chances are that they get treated with an antibiotic long before they get a chance to come to a head and burst .
Such treatment is suppressive in the strictly naturopathic sense of the word .
The same is absolutely true with regard to bringing down artificially the temperature during a fever , whereas ‘ sweating it out ’ is the natural thing to do .
More of the do - nothing approach .
4.2 How lridology Helps us to See Toxic Foci
As mentioned above , toxic foci ( deposits ) in the body show up in the iris of the eye .
The iris is arranged so as to encompass a complete ‘ map ’ of the body .
with all the organs and systems laid out upon it .
Hence the location of a toxic deposit in the iris shows the iridologist its position within the body .
The toxins may appear as colours , spots .
blobs and smears in particular
places in the iris , or as darkened areas .
Now iridology , another sort of fantasy medicine , creeps in .
5.5 What Place for Immunisations ?
Here we shall restrict ourselves to saying as little as possible .
We shall .
indeed , make no recommendations .
However .
the classical naturopaths and homoeopaths have all been of one voice in condemning the use of morbid diseased matter for injection into the human body to prevent disease .
It was not , they said , a proper procedure .
There has also been much disagreement about how effective such measures are .
Of course , whenever there is danger of infection .
it is wrong to do nothing .
At least you should use the homoeopathic equivalent treatment .
As to the effectiveness of those methods , that is beyond the scope of this course .
As to the personal view of the writer , it is that the natural therapists who have declared thernselves on this topic in the past are probably right .
They have maintained that immunisation is just another form of toxin and an especially potent one capable , on its own , of sparking a downward spiral into ill health in susceptible people .
As to what extent that effect might be balanced by benefit , that is an unresolved argument .
The writer does not use immunisations himself .
Well there is a surprise .
Just like almost every other quack , the writer would endanger the whole population by opposing immunisation .
The quiz
The notes contain a number of questions , and , more interestingly , model answers are given at the end .
Here is one example .
Question .
Why do some patients respond well to very little treatment ?
Answer .
The size of the toxic burden , the strength of the Life Force and micro nutrient status strongly influence a person ’s response to treatment .
Therefore a person with a low toxic burden , high micro nutrient status and strong life force should respond well to very little treatment .
Or , to put it differently , echinacea cures your cold in seven days , when otherwise it would have taken a week .
Conclusion
We ’ll always have crackpot ideas about medicine , at least until real medicine gets much more effective than it is now .
For example , in low back pain , the cause is usually not known , the treatments are only palliative , and it is n’t very effective palliation either .
The big difference between real medicine and crackpot medicine , is that in real medicine you are n’t allowed to invent the answer when you do n’t know it .
No doubt the author of these fantasy notes was entirely sincere in his delusions .
But how can any self - respecting vice - chancellor tolerate having this sort of stuff as part of a Bachelor of Science degree ?
Professor Peter John , vice - chancellor of Thames Valley University is not a scientist .
His background is in education .
But you do n’t need to be a scientist to see what nonsense is being taught as science in his university .
Perhaps he did n’t know what is going on .
Well , he does now .
Follow - up
Thanks to Ben Goldacre for the link from his miniblog .?
Thames Valley University and their degree in “ Nutritional Medicine ”
Why ?
Why do they pretend it ’s science ?
Why do n’t they just call it “ some stuff we made up ”
Bush addresses nation on bailout RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday September 24 , 2008
Print This Email This President Bush gave a speech on the economy and the proposed Wall Street bailout Wednesday night in an attempt to frame the legislation as a bipartisan emergency measure to preserve American jobs and credit - based prosperity .
" This is an extraordinary period for America 's economy , " President Bush opened .
" We are in the midst of a serious financial crisis , and the federal government is responding with decisive action ... My administration is working with Congress to address the root cause behind much of the instability in our markets . "
" Financial assets related to home mortgages have lost value during the housing decline , " he went on , " and the banks holding these assets have restricted credit .
As a result , our entire economy is in danger .
So I propose that the federal government reduce the risk posed by these troubled assets and supply urgently needed money , so banks and other financial institutions can avoid collapse and resume lending . "
" This rescue effort is not aimed at preserving any individual company or industry .
It is aimed at preserving America 's overall economy .
It will help American consumers and businesses get credit to meet their daily needs and create jobs , and it will help send a signal to markets around the world that America 's financial system is back on track . "
" I'm a strong believer in free enterprise , " Bush continued , " so my natural instinct is to oppose government intervention .
I believe companies that make bad decisions should be allowed to go out of business .
Under normal circumstances I would have followed this course .
But , these are not normal circumstances .
The market is not functioning properly .
There has been a widespread loss of confidence , and major sectors of America 's financial system are at risk of shutting down .
The government 's top economic experts warn that without immediate action by Congress , America could slip into a financial panic , and a distressing scenario would unfold . "
More banks could fail , even " some in your community , " Bush warned .
Retirement accounts would dwindle as a result of the stock market falling further .
Home values could fall and foreclosures could rise .
Business owners and farmers would find it harder and more expensive to get credit .
Millions could lose their jobs .
In order to avoid such a doomsday scenario , Bush urges the passing of the proposed Wall Street bailout .
" It is difficult to pass a bill that commits so much of the taxpayers ' hard - earned money , " he said .
" I also understand the frustration of responsible Americans who pay their mortgages on time , file their tax returns every April 15th , and are reluctant to pay the cost of excesses on Wall Street .
But , given the situation we are facing , not passing a bill now would cost these Americans much more later . "
" Despite corrections in the marketplace and instances of abuse , democratic capitalism is the best system ever devised , " Bush closed .
" It has unleashed the talents and the productivity and entrepreneurial spirit of our citizens .
It has made this country the best place in the world to invest and do business .
And it gives our economy the flexibility and resilience to absorb shocks , adjust , and bounce back .
" Our economy is facing a moment of great challenge , but we 've overcome tough challenges before , and we will overcome this one . "
The following video was broadcast on CNN on September 24 , 2008 :
Download video via RawReplay.com
This afternoon on the campaign trail , John McCain began dialing back ( or began trying to appear to be dialing back ) the rising tide of hatred and verbal violence he and his running mate have been whipping up over recent weeks .
After all we ’ve seen over recent months , I think it would naive to conclude that McCain did this for any other reason but that the attacks appeared to be backfiring .
Perhaps that ’s ungenerous .
But to think so requires a leap of faith , a judgment not grounded in any evidence from the last year of the man ’s behavior .
The aim of such a bludgeoning assault is to force the subject of Obama ’s relationship to Ayers back to the center of the campaign dialogue .
But that ’s not what happened .
By week ’s end that campaign narrative was all about the ferocity and recklessness of McCain ’s attacks .
There ’s something else to note too .
Over the last 48 hours several name brand Republicans have come out and either chided or denounced McCain ’s borderline incitement .
And given how taboo it is to level such criticism of your own nominee at this stage of the election you have to assume these criticisms were only the tip of the iceberg , with a far more intense and angry barrage of criticism voiced privately .
Here are a few clips put together by CNN that are worth watching .
The first passage to watch starts at 25 seconds in .
A participant tells McCain he ’s “ scared ” of any Obama presidency and McCain responds that he “ is a decent person and a person you do not have to be scared [ of ] as President of the United States . ”
Those are the words .
But look at the facial expressions .
McCain looks down as he says it and has the countenance of someone who been forced to tell someone else they ’re sorry .
There ’s some mix of gritting your teeth and saying something you do n’t want to say mixed with some sort of shamefacedness .
Look at the video .
Because while I feel like I intuitively ‘ get ’ the gestures I find it hard to quite capture them in words .
Perhaps you ’ll do better and you can share your thoughts with me .
In the next clip McCain is speaking up close with a woman in the audience who says she can’t trust Obama and then blurts out that it ’s because he ’s “ Arab ” .
Some reports have it that she said ‘ Arab terrorist ’ .
But at least on this tape only ‘ Arab ’ is audible .
McCain shakes his head , as though losing his patience and snatches the mic back out of woman ’s hands .
“ No , Ma’am .
No , Ma’am .
He ’s a decent family man , citizen , that I just happen to have disagreements with on fundamental issues . ”
Again , there ’s a lot there when you actually see the video .
And I encourage you to watch .
I get from his expression a sense of a man that is , in addition to all the other things he ’s angry about , is frustrated or angry at the situation he ’s gotten himself into .
But he has sown the wind and now he ’s reaping the whirlwind .
“ Even , ” says TPM Reader RB , “ as he says ‘ You do n’t have to be scared of an Obama presidency ’ to a handful of followers ( and , more importantly , of national reporters ) , he is spending millions to bombard as many people as he can with the ad named “ Dangerous ” .
The small hand giveth , and the large hand taketh away . ”
And yet this conveys too much suggestion of planning and intent .
I have more the sense of someone desperately casting about and losing control of the situation itself .
Even hypocrites can get in over their heads .
Indeed , in a more nuts - and - bolts strategic sense McCain has really gotten himself into a hole because the campaign he ’s been running has almost entirely been premised on the claim that you should be scared of an Obama presidency .
Not that McCain , if he ’d run a very different campaign , could n’t have run on issue disagreements with Obama .
But right now if you take away fear of Obama becoming president , there ’s almost no reason not to vote for him since McCain has basically conceded the issue agenda to Obama .
If you look at every poll for months , voters are dying for change .
Fear of Obama is the only thing keeping him from leaving McCain in the dust .
Take that away and McCain ’s done .
I ’m not sure what else to say about this episode .
But it is something to behold .
We 're sorry , the page you requested can not be found .
Welcome to the Accent Building Products Website .
Please use the categories above to find the product (s ) you are looking for .
Our customer service department is available
Monday - Friday , 8 am - 5 pm EST .
Phone : 800-237-7470 , Email : info@accentbuildingproducts.com
The State of the Mac mini 2008
Unofficial .
But probably pretty accurate .
Last week during the Apple Notebook Special Event , Tim Cook gave the " State of the Mac " presentation and offered some promising numbers for the Macintosh line .
Even though this was a notebook event , many customers were hoping on some news for the Mac mini , the long deprived but still lovable desktop Mac .
It turns out that there was no information offered , and no updates since that time .
So , Macminicolo will offer our own unofficial " State of the Mac mini " with things we 've learned .
( With as much as we work with Mac minis , I think we 're just about as familiar with the Mac mini as anyone . )
The Mac mini Today
As you 'd expect , we get a lot of emails and phone calls from people looking to use the Mac mini in different ways .
Many people are looking to use their Mac minis as servers in data centers such as ours .
However , there are also quite a few who just need some advice on setting it up in their own situations .
For instance , here in Las Vegas , I know there are at least 10,000 Mac minis running in the different hotels and casinos on the strip .
Many are used for video security points .
Certain casino companies use Mac minis in each of the slot islands on a casino floor to manage the backend .
I know of one nationwide salon franchise that uses two Mac minis for each one of their stores .
( One onsite and one offsite as a backup . )
My point is that there an incredible amount of Mac minis in business .
If you ask a Business Consultant at your local Apple Store , they 'll likely tell you that Mac minis sell to businesses over consumers 2 to 1 .
When I read online of people stating " poor mini sales " I 'm surprised .
The Mac mini is consistently in the top five of Amazon 's Bestselling Desktop Computers .
( It 's currently number one . )
If you watch Apple 's Refurb site , anytime some Mac minis are posted they sell out in under an hour .
Even the three year old G4 Mac minis on ebay go for a price close to the brand new Intel machines sticker price .
The market speaks even if Apple does n't .
I think the misconception of poor sales comes from two things .
First , Apple is quite slow to update the mini to better specs .
That may be taken as " Apple does n't care about the mini because it does n't sell well . "
I think this is wrong .
I think it has n't been updated because it still sells well .
If a company can use less expensive parts and still sell for the higher price , it makes sense that they would do that .
The Mac mini was never intended to be a screamer like the MacBook and iMac lines .
In their current condition , the Mac mini works just fine as casual consumer desktops .
And they work great as servers .
The second reason people assume low sales is because they do n't see Mac minis around very often .
This is counter productive since the very nature of the Mac mini is that it 's small and it 's easy to keep out of the way .
The best selling MacBook is all over the place because it is mobile and easy to spot .
But the mini just sits in the background quietly doing it's job and staying out of the way in homes , offices and store fronts across the world .
The Future of the Mac mini
So how about the future of the mini ?
Is it nearing the end of life or just waiting out the refresh cycle ?
( Surely this is the reason many of you are reading this article no matter how highly I think of my above opinions . )
Macminicolo is certain there is another mini on the way .
Here are some changes we expect to see :
The Mac mini will use the new Mini DisplayPort that was recently showcased on the Macbook line .
This will save considerable port real estate on the back of the Mac mini .
The Mac mini will join all other Macs in being able to address 4GB of RAM .
Currently , they are officially sold with up to 2GB of RAM , but can also support 3GB of RAM .
( Though the latter configuration loses the minor dual channel benefits . )
Like the new Macbook , the Mac mini optical drive will be changed to a SATA connection .
( It is currently a standard ATA / IDE cable . )
This will obviously increase performance .
But this change offers even more benefit for those who use the Mac mini as a server .
( I have hundreds of Mac mini servers in here that have never once used their optical drive . )
In ordering a Mac mini from Apple , there will be an option to have two SATA HDDs and eliminating the optical all together .
With the new Remote Disc introduced with the Macbook Air , this option will be tempting for many .
In this list above , we have 100 % confirmed two of these upgrades .
The other is just a 99 % educated guess .
There will likely be other changes .
Below is a list of other changes we'd hope for , but have no confirmation like the three listed above .
The Mac mini will likely join the rest of the line with the black and aluminum .
I would n't expect the desktop Mac to use the new unibody aluminum casing as that would surely push it out of the Mac mini price range .
( And probably is n't as useful for desktop computers anyway . )
Without the higher cost of unibody casing , and more space with the switch to Mini DisplayPort , we 'd expect FireWire to stay on the Mac mini .
Our hopeful nature would point to a move from integrated graphics to NVIDIA GPUs though I 'm not sure how close they 'll want to bridge the performance with the iMac and Macbooks .
Surely the Mac mini will see an upgrade to 802.11n .
At this point , I assume it'd be more expensive to continue to produce the non-n card solely for the Mac mini than use the same card that is in every other Mac .
Plus , with some if the new minis relying on Remote Disc , that extra speed would be essential .
And that 's the ( unofficial ) state of the Mac mini .
Macminicolo , a Las Vegas colocation company , has been hosting Mac minis since their introduction in January 2005 .
They are the leaders in this niche market and are known for their personal service .
They currently host hundreds of Mac minis for satisfied customers located in 36 different countries around the world .
Get more info on our frequently asked questions page .
More Information
Contact Macminicolo.net
Pricing and Options
Google Inc shook off the economic doldrums to deliver a third - quarter profit that topped analysts ' expectations , supporting the internet search leader 's theory that its advertising system will prosper even in tough times .
The Mountain View , California - based company said Thursday that it made $ US1.35 billion ( $ A2.08 billion ) , $ 4.24 per share .
The profit rose 26 per cent from $ US1.07 billion ( $ A1.65 billion ) , or $ 3.38 per share , at the same time last year .
Excluding costs for employee stock compensation , Google said it would have made $ 4.92 per share .
That figure surpassed the average estimate of $ 4.75 per share among analysts polled by Thomson Reuters .
Revenue climbed 31 per cent to $ US5.54 billion ( $ A8.52 billion ) .
After subtracting advertising commissions , Google 's revenue totalled $ US4.04 billion ( $ A6.21 billion ) - about $ US20 million ( $ A30.75 million ) below analyst estimates .
Analysts had been decreasing their projections amid cascading waves of investor pessimism that pounded Google 's stock price to a three - year low of $ 309.44 earlier Thursday .
The shares subsequently rebounded with the rest of the market later in the day to close at $ 353.02 , up $ 13.85 , and then surged by another $ 40.98 , or 11.6 per cent , in extended trading after the company released its third - quarter results .
Nintendo Co's
Wii game console is displayed at an electronic shop in Tokyo's Akihabara district January 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Yuriko Nakao
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. International Trade Commission has agreed to look into Hillcrest Laboratories ' allegations that Nintendo Co Ltd 7974 .OS infringed Hillcrest 's patents in making its popular Wii video game , the ITC said on Wednesday .
Hillcrest has accused Nintendo of infringing four patents to make the top- selling Wii game console .
Hillcrest made the filing to the ITC , which has the power to bar products such as the Wii from the United States if they are made with infringed technology .
Hillcrest filed a similar lawsuit in August in the U.S. District Court in Maryland .
Nintendo said that it respected the patents of other companies , and did not infringe on Hillcrest ’s intellectual property .
“ Nintendo intends to vigorously defend this action , ” it said in a statement .
Hillcrest had no immediate comment .
Rockville , Maryland - based Hillcrest has created motion - detecting technology allowing users to select items on a screen by waving a handheld device .
The Wii features a motion - sensing controller that lets users direct on - screen play by swinging it like a bat or a tennis racket .
The console has been a huge success since its 2006 launch .
Hillcrest has said other leading consumer electronics companies , including Eastman Kodak EK.N , had licensed its technology .
Northern Territory intervention
The need for a socialist strategy
Part 7
By a WSWS reporting team
25 August 2008
World Socialist Web Site journalists Susan Allan and Richard Phillips and freelance photographer John Hulme recently visited central Australia to report on the social and political impact of the federal government ’s Northern Territory Emergency Response or police / military intervention into Aboriginal communities .
This is the last in a series of articles , iinterviews and video clips .
Parts one , two , three , four , five and six were posted on June 21 , June 26 , July 2 , July 15 , July 24 and August 6 respectively .
Click for video interviews one , two , three and four .
When the Howard government announced its NT “ intervention ” in June last year the overwhelming majority of Aboriginal people recognised that this was one of the most serious assaults on their democratic rights and living standards in more than forty years .
Many denounced it as a “ land grab ” by the government and mining companies , and asked why , if Canberra were so concerned about the fate of Aboriginal children , was it necessary to suspend the Racial Discrimination Act and force “ income management ” on desperately struggling families .
Despite wall - to - wall media promotion of the NT intervention , many workers in Australia ’s urban centres were equally suspicious .
After more than a decade of political attacks on democratic rights and living standards , fuelled by ongoing lies about the so - called “ war on terror ” , few believed anything from the Howard government .
On November 24 , 2007 , it was swept from office .
The intervention was not simply invented by the Howard government .
It codified the demands of key sections of Australian big business and was enthusiastically endorsed by the corporate media , the Labor Party bureaucracy and various well - off Aboriginal entrepreneurs .
It represented a continuation , albeit in modern form , of the brutal measures enacted against NT Aborigines by pastoralists , mining corporations and other representatives of the profit system for more than two centuries .
Why , then , has the intervention — and its extension by the Rudd Labor government — not been directly challenged by the working class ?
And how can the endemic unemployment , social misery and police harassment afflicting Aboriginal people be ended ?
Without doubt , Rudd ’s “ sorry ” speech to members of the Stolen Generations in February this year was utilised as a means of diverting attention from his government ’s right - wing social agenda in general and its continuation of the NT intervention in particular .
But the overwhelming majority of working people — indigenous and non-indigenous alike — do not understand what Rudd ’s agenda actually is .
Few recognise that “ income management ” , seizure of land and other anti-democratic measures are , in the final analysis , not racial but class issues — the opening shots in a generalised assault on the living standards and basic rights of all working people .
This confusion is not accidental .
It is yet another manifestation of the extent to which Australia ’s ruling elite , the corporate media and the labour and union bureaucracies have marginalised Aboriginal people and divided them from their class brothers and sisters around the country .
During our visit to central Australia we met older workers who had been sacked following the granting of equal pay to Aborigines in 1968 .
Some never worked again and , along with their children and grandchildren , were trapped in a never - ending cycle of poverty .
For tens of thousands of young NT Aborigines today , the very concept of “ working class ” is something they find hard to understand , because neither they , nor the people around them , have ever had a job .
How has this happened ?
To answer , we need to examine some of the critical political experiences of the working class in the post - war period and , in particular , the betrayal of the mass movement that emerged in the 1960s , which fought to put an end to the racial oppression and exploitation of the Aboriginal people .
Dispossession and the expansion of Australian capitalism
Australian colonial capitalism developed in response to an expanding global market .
It involved a series of bloody skirmishes over many decades to force Aboriginal people from their land and replace them with sheep , wheat and other agricultural products .
The bloody conversion of tribal land into private property first began in the nineteenth century in the eastern coastline colonies of Victoria , New South Wales and Tasmania .
It did not reach into central and northern Australia until the late 1800s .
More than 1,000 Aborigines are officially estimated to have been shot and poisoned in central Australia between 1881 and 1891 , and such killings continued well into the twentieth century .
One of the most infamous massacres occurred at Coniston in 1928 , about 300 kilometres north - west of Alice Springs , when shooting parties led by a police constable murdered more than 100 Aboriginal men , women and children in revenge for the death of Frederick Brooks , a local white man .
Confronted with this sort of terror , dispossessed and starving Aborigines began moving towards the church missions and small towns like Alice Springs and Darwin .
The Alice Springs town camps , for example , emerged as ration depots and then as recruiting grounds for pastoralists and local settlers looking for cheap labour .
Aborigines had no basic democratic rights and those able to secure work were treated like virtual slaves ; not paid wages but tobacco , flour , sugar , tea or other basic items .
At the same time , Aboriginal children of mixed parents were removed from their parents by missionaries and government officials .
As in the current intervention , the official justification for taking these children , who became known as the “ Stolen Generations ” , was “ to protect them ” .
The real reason for the policy , which continued up until the 1970s , was to train them as maids , agricultural workers and other forms of cheap labour and to “ breed out ” Aborigines , then considered an “ inferior race ” by government authorities .
Class resistance
Notwithstanding their slave - like employment conditions and the ration payment system , increasing numbers of Aboriginal people became part of the working class , a process accelerated by a labour shortage in the Northern Territory following the outbreak of World War II .
Many were brought into contact with socialist - minded workers , including members of the Stalinist Communist Party of Australia ( CPA ) , which at that stage was the only political party with a substantial working class base that opposed the racist White Australia immigration policy and anti-Aboriginal laws .
Important sections of the Aboriginal working class began to recognise that the starting point of any fight against their oppression must involve unified class action and , in line with the post - WWII upsurge in working class militancy , began taking industrial and political action against their horrendous employment conditions .
One of the most significant battles began on May Day 1946 , when Aboriginal workers on sheep stations in Western Australia ’s Pilbara region walked off the job , demanding a 30 - shilling minimum weekly wage instead of rations .
The extraordinary three - year strike , which was led by Dooley Bin Bin and Clancy McKenna , along with their friend Don McLeod , a member of the Communist Party , involved more than 800 Aboriginal workers from 20 properties across a 10,000 - square kilometre area .
Strikes by Aboriginal workers were illegal at that time and the Western Australian state Labor government responded viciously against the walkout .
Scores of workers were arrested at gunpoint , put in neck and leg chains , and forced to return to the farms .
Appeals to Herbert Johnson , Labor ’s federal Minister for the Interior and a former Australian Workers Union president , fell on deaf ears .
Johnson defended the wage inequality and declared his support for the use of neck chains on Aboriginal prisoners .
While McLeod and other strike leaders were jailed numerous times , on one occasion more than 300 Aboriginal strikers marched on the Port Hedland jail forcing McLeod ’s release .
The strike , moreover , won political and financial support from workers nationally and union bans were placed on the movement of Pilbara wool .
Although the workers ’ demands were not fully realised , and they never returned to their jobs , the High Court ruled in 1949 that Aboriginal employees had the right to organise and elect their own representatives .
Several sheep stations also began to negotiate wage agreements with their Aboriginal workforce .
Most importantly , the Pilbara walkout encouraged other protests in the late 1940s and 50s .
The employers and the state apparatus inevitably responded with brutal repression , but working class opposition intensified .
Strike action by Aboriginal workers in Darwin during the early 1950s , the tuberculosis allowance campaign in 1963 and , most famously , the 1966 Wave Hill strike by Gurindji stockmen , were key events in the rising militancy of Aboriginal people and part of a growing wave of political action by the international working class .
These battles gathered support from workers and students in southern Australian cities , powerfully manifested in the 92 percent national referendum vote in 1967 for citizenship rights for Aboriginal people .
Also in 1967 , Australia ’s industrial courts ruled that Aboriginal workers should be paid equal wages and directed employers to begin doing so in 1968 .
NT pastoralists and other employers responded by sacking hundreds of Aborigines and introducing new farming technology — motorbikes and helicopters — to cut their reliance on Aboriginal labour .
This produced a mass exodus of unemployed Aboriginal workers and their families from remote stations into the town camps , where they were forced to live in abandoned cars , tin sheds and other rudimentary shelters .
The Wave Hill strike
Led by Vincent Lingiari , the 1966 Aboriginal stockmen ’s strike at Northern Territory ’s Wave Hill cattle station — a huge property owned by the British - based Vestey agribusiness — was a seminal political experience , highlighted in several contemporary songs , including Paul Kelly and Kev Carmody ’s popular “ From little things big things grow ” .
The political lessons of this struggle , however , are little understood by Aboriginal people and the rest of the working class .
There was mass support for the extended six - year walkout , with public meetings , demonstrations and thousands of dollars donated by working people across Australia .
But the full political potential of this determined battle — the development of a unified socialist movement of indigenous and non-indigenous workers against the profit system — was never realised .
Responsibility for this lay with the Stalinist CPA and writer Frank Hardy , one of its leading lights , who argued that the key issue facing Aboriginal people was “ land rights ” .
The striking Wave Hill stockmen and other Aboriginal people , including hundreds of those being sacked by cattle station owners and other employers following the introduction of equal pay in 1968 , were told that their salvation lay in “ land rights ” .
These , it was claimed , would guarantee “ Aboriginal control of Aboriginal affairs ” and end racial oppression .
Likewise , the CPA and an alliance of so - called “ lefts ” and black nationalists told workers and students that the principal task was not the development of socialist - minded Aborigines and a unified movement of the working class .
Such a development might arise , they argued , at some future undisclosed date , but the immediate task of urban workers was to provide subsidiary support for Aboriginal “ land rights ” .
In other words , the fight against racial oppression , which had long been associated with the fight for a socialist perspective to put an end to the profit system , was replaced by the demand for land rights — an entirely bourgeois perspective .
These demands were a godsend to Australia ’s ruling class and , notwithstanding nationwide popular support for the Wave Hill strikers , represented a political betrayal of the entire working class , laying the basis for divisions along racial lines .
While “ land rights ” was a democratic demand , its realisation could never liberate Aboriginal people from poverty and racism , because the source of their oppression and exploitation was the capitalist system itself , with its private ownership of the means of production , including land .
The most conscious section of Australia ’s political elite recognised this fact and , in the early 1970s , embraced the “ land rights ” perspective .
Like the Nixon administration in the US , which promoted “ black capitalism ” in an attempt to dissipate explosive social tensions in major American cities , Australia ’s ruling elite began cultivating a layer of black entrepreneurs , bureaucrats and middlemen that would defend private property and the profit system .
In 1975 , the Whitlam Labor government granted the Gurindji stockmen freehold title to most of the Wave Hill cattle station and went on to enshrine this policy shift in the Northern Territory Land Rights Act , which was eventually passed in 1976 by the Fraser coalition government .
Thirty years on , it is worthwhile considering what the land - rights perspective , native title and other measures claiming to offer “ Aboriginal control of Aboriginal affairs ” have produced .
Large parts of the NT are currently under the control of Aboriginal land councils .
While various minimal concessions were made during the past three decades , including the right to social welfare and pensions , they have produced no lasting advances .
Aboriginal people remain the most socially marginalised section of Australian society , suffering the highest rates of unemployment , poverty and substance abuse .
At the same time a small but privileged layer of Aboriginal entrepreneurs has emerged , proclaiming the necessity for black capitalism whilst enriching themselves at the expense of the vast majority of Aboriginal people .
This group includes figures such as Cape York Institute director Noel Pearson , former Northern Land Council chairman Galarrwuy Yunupingu , Tracker Tilmouth and a growing list of others , who are now collaborating with the Rudd government and its big business backers .
Their actions are motivated not by any genuine concern for ordinary Aboriginal people but in the hope of securing lucrative business deals with mining and other corporations .
Town camp and remote community administrations have been unable to offer any sustainable future for their Aboriginal residents .
For the youth , who constitute almost half of the NT ’s Aboriginal population , the situation is particularly dire .
The Community Development Employment Program ( CDEP ) — introduced by the Fraser government in 1977 , axed by Howard ’s intervention and now selectively being restored by the Rudd government — likewise offers no way forward .
It is simply a below - poverty - line work - for - the - dole program , used in Aboriginal communities to provide a few rudimentary social services — which are taken for granted in the rest of the country .
In many settlements , basic health and education services do not even exist .
Moreover , in the past six months , Tangentyere and other NT town camp councils have begun accommodating themselves to the Rudd government , negotiating deals to hand over their land to the federal and NT Labor governments via 40 - year or longer lease arrangements in exchange for government promises of future funding .
Government funds will be offered only to so - called viable Aboriginal communities .
Even where this happens , it will do nothing to seriously address the endemic poverty and social dysfunction .
These are the results of thirty years of so - called “ Aboriginal control of Aboriginal affairs ” .
Appeals to Labor and other blind alleys
While opposition on the part of Aboriginal people to the intervention is deeply felt , it has been unable to find expression within the official political framework .
Aboriginal people are being paralysed by a leadership that wants to make yet more deals with the powers - that - be , and by a layer of “ lefts ” that promotes illusions in Rudd Labor , covering up the essential class nature of its agenda .
Organisations such as the Human Rights and Equal Opportunities Commission ( HREOC ) and the Greens , for example , posture as opponents of the intervention , while offering advice to the Rudd government as to how it should be modified .
They work to disguise the fact that it represents an assault on the social position and democratic rights of the entire working class .
Last month Greens senator and indigenous affairs spokesperson Rachel Siewert called on Labor to return to its “ core values ” , implying that Rudd ’s backing for the intervention was all a terrible “ mistake ” .
In fact , the Labor government ’s embrace and extension of the intervention is a particularly clear expression of its “ core values ” — the defence of Australian big business and the profit system .
HREOC , likewise , has called on the Rudd government to reform the intervention on the basis of a ten - point plan .
This would include reinstatement of the racial anti-discrimination legislation and the CDEP , a review of “ income management ” and alcohol management , and a “ stringent monitoring and review ” of the NT measures to make them “ consistent with Australian and international human rights law ” .
These “ reforms ” , however , even if adopted , would not fundamentally change the living and social circumstances of ordinary Aborigines .
As for the Aboriginal Rights Coalition and other ad hoc coalitions , they likewise cover up Labor ’s social agenda and historical record , repeating ad nauseum that bigger protests will force the government to “ change course ” .
Appeals such as these are generally combined with denunciations of the intervention as the product of “ white society ” , thereby laying the blame for the predicament facing Australia ’s indigenous population on ordinary working people , not where it actually lies — with the profit system and its political representatives .
The primary division in Australian society is class not race , a fact graphically underscored by the support given to the intervention by a layer of wealthy Aboriginal entrepreneurs and indigenous leaders .
It is not possible for Aboriginal people in the town camps and remote communities to find a way out of poverty and misery within the present social order .
In the era of globalised capitalist production , there is no “ independent ” road of economic and political development for any oppressed minority , whether in Australia or anywhere else .
While Labor may find it opportune to modify some elements of the intervention in coming months — various minor amendments or a name change here and there — its essential purpose of driving down the living standards and democratic rights of working people will remain .
These and other attacks being driven by the deepening global recession will bring wider sections of the working class into conflict with the Labor and union bureaucracies , creating the conditions for the development of a new political movement of working people against the profit system .
Our brief visit to central Australia highlighted a fundamental truth — that the working class will never be free as long as Aboriginal people remain trapped within the terrible social nightmare of the town camps and remote settlements .
Nor can these circumstances be overcome by Aboriginal people alone ; this task is the political responsibility of the working class as a whole .
The liberation of Australia ’s Aboriginal people from more than two centuries of oppression can only be carried out on the basis of a revolutionary socialist perspective , aimed at putting an end to capitalism and establishing a workers ’ government that will fundamentally reorganise economic , political and social life to meet human need , not corporate profit .
Such a government would have as a major priority the allocation of all the resources necessary to rectify the historic crimes perpetrated against the indigenous population .
The only party fighting to unify all sections of the working class on the basis of this perspective , against all forms of nationalism and identity politics , is the Socialist Equality Party ( SEP ) .
We urge workers and youth to read the World Socialist Web Site , study our program and seriously consider joining the SEP .
Concluded
Enlarge By Jim Cole , AP Dartmouth psychologist Dr. Mark Hegel poses in his office with his laptop in Lebanon , N.H. Hegel is working on a computer program , " The Virtual Space Station , " that will guide astronauts through treatment for depression and other problems while in space .
BOSTON  Your work is dangerous and your co-workers rely on you to stay alive .
But you can never get far from those colleagues .
You can't see your family for months , even years .
The food is n't great .
And forget stepping out for some fresh air .
No wonder the adventure of space flight can also be stressful , isolating and depressing .
So scientists are working on giving a computer the ability to offer some of the understanding guidance — if not all the warmth — of a human therapist , before psychological problems or interpersonal conflicts compromise a mission .
Clinical tests on the four - year , $ 1.74 million project for NASA , called the Virtual Space Station , are expected to begin in the Boston area by next month .
The new program is nothing like science fiction 's infamous HAL , the onboard artificial intelligence that goes awry in " 2001 : A Space Odyssey . "
The Virtual Space Station 's interaction between astronaut and computer is far less sophisticated and far more benevolent .
In the project , sponsored by the National Space Biomedical Research Institute , a recorded video therapist guides astronauts through a widely used depression therapy called " problem - solving treatment . "
The recording helps astronauts identify reasons for their depression .
Then the program helps them make a plan to fight the depression , based on the descriptions the astronauts type in about their problems .
Astronauts also can learn strategies for handling conflict through interactive role - playing , and even read psychology books .
Twenty - nine current and former astronauts have been consulted for the project .
" If things go down the wrong pathway , you 're depending on each other for your survival .
So you want to make sure you 're working together well and trust each other implicitly , " said Dr. Jay Buckey , a former astronaut on the Space Shuttle Columbia who 's collaborating on the program .
While the program is designed for astronauts , project leaders say it could help Earth - bound patients who wo n't talk to a therapist because of cost or pride or because they live in rural areas with few psychologists .
In fact , it will be civilian patients , not astronauts , who take part in the initial tests in Boston .
There are " a lot of barriers to getting help from a professional , even if you want it here , " said Dr. James Cartreine , a Harvard researcher who heads the project .
" Whereas getting help from a computer , there 's not nearly as many barriers . "
Depression and personal conflicts have no real effect on the vast majority of space missions .
But some psychological problems are inevitable , particularly on longer assignments , given the high demands , close quarters and months in near isolation .
Most conflicts never become public unless they are revealed by an agency or astronaut .
In 1985 , a mission on Russia 's Salyut 7 space station was scrapped after colleagues noticed the commander seemed uninterested in the work and spent hours looking out portholes .
Three years earlier , a mission on the same space station was hampered by tension between two astronauts .
" We do n't understand what 's going on with us , " one of the crewmembers , Valentin Lebedev , wrote in the book " Diary of a Cosmonaut . "
" We silently walk by each other , feeling offended .
We have to find some way to make things better . "
Space and weightlessness can affect mood by playing havoc with natural body rhythms and sleep .
On the international space station , for instance , the normal day - night cues are disrupted as sunrises and sunsets come every 45 minutes .
Psychologists can be available to some astronauts , depending on when communication links are open .
But on missions that might eventually emerge , such as a trip to Mars , the distance to Earth — as wide as 250 million miles — might make those talks all but impossible .
Radio transmissions could take 40 minutes to carry an exchange between astronaut and therapist .
Through the Virtual Space Station program , a recording of Dartmouth psychologist Dr. Mark Hegel comes onboard through a personal laptop accessible to only one astronaut .
Cartreine hopes the privacy encourages those who might be reluctant to seek help .
Confidentiality is a major concern among astronauts , who worry they wo n't get choice assignments if superiors learn they want help for emotional problems .
It 's the first time researchers have tried to use the problem - solving treatment without a live therapist .
Typically the therapist 's role is to guide patients to make a plan to relieve problems that can cause depression .
But Hegel is optimistic it can work in space because the treatment depends so heavily on patient input .
Hegel said he worked hard in endless takes to be engaging and avoid terms that might put off an astronaut .
For instances , problems are " challenges " or " malfunctions " that can be corrected .
The new program is a compelling idea , and it 's important step to improve quality of life in space , said Al Harrison , a psychologist at the University of California at Davis who has studied psychology in space flight and worked with NASA .
But Harrison added that because of the absolute need for privacy , it will be hard to determine how many astronauts actually use the program and whether it works .
Harrison said researchers have good reason to believe the program will be effective because it 's proven that many other situations and forms of treatment can be addressed without a live therapist .
But it still has to be proven on the Virtual Space Station .
" It shows a tremendous scientific and clinical creativity and great promise , " Harrison said .
" It 's going to take a long time to get the final proof of the pudding . "
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
WASHINGTON , Sept 25 ( Reuters ) - U.S. lawmakers have reached basic agreement on a Wall Street bailout bill that can pass Congress and be signed into law by President George W. Bush , a senior Republican senator said on Thursday .
“ We now expect that we will have a plan that can pass the House , pass the Senate and be signed by the president , ” Sen .
Robert Bennett of Utah said following a meeting of lawmakers negotiating the bailout package .
Lawmakers declined to provide details of the package , but it is expected to include limits on executive pay and strong oversight provisions .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Former U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales mishandled top - secret notes on a domestic spying program and on the interrogation of terrorism suspects but will not be prosecuted , a Justice Department report said on Tuesday .
Alberto Gonzales sits during a farewell ceremony with Justice Department staff members on his last day in the post in Washington September 14 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
The department ’s inspector general ’s office concluded that Gonzales improperly took home notes he had made of an “ emergency ” congressional briefing about a dispute over the legality of a secret domestic wiretap program launched by President George W. Bush .
Gonzales was a close friend of Bush who previously worked as White House Counsel .
He served as attorney general for 2 - 1/ 2 troubled years before resigning in August 2007 after allegations that his department fired U.S. attorneys for political reasons .
“ Gonzales mishandled classified materials while serving as attorney general , ” the report concluded .
An attorney for Gonzales responded that the mishandled material was only a fraction of the “ vast amounts ” of secret information he dealt with , and there was no evidence of any unauthorized disclosure .
Gonzales made the notes of the March 10 , 2004 , meeting at Bush ’s request , while he was serving as White House Counsel .
Later that day , Gonzales went to the hospital room of ailing Attorney General John Ashcroft in a failed attempt to win Ashcroft ’s reauthorization for the wiretap program .
After Gonzales was sworn in as attorney general in 2005 , he took the handwritten notes home for an undetermined period , in violation of regulations , the report said .
Gonzales later put the notes and other classified information about the spying and interrogation programs in an office safe that could be opened by unauthorized employees , the report said .
It said two Gonzales aides may have gone through the notes in responding to a Freedom of Information Act request .
Investigators decided against questioning the aides because it would have required them to divulge the nature of the classified information .
“ Like all other department employees , Gonzales was responsible for safeguarding classified materials , familiarizing himself with the facilities available to him ... and observing the rules and procedures for the proper handling of classified documents , ” it said .
“ Gonzales did not fulfill these obligations . ”
The department ’s inspector general referred the Gonzales report to its national security division for possible prosecution in light of federal laws against improper handling of classified documents , but the division declined .
Gonzales ’s lawyer , George Terwilliger , said in a response to the inspector general that Gonzales always acted with an intent to prevent the information ’s disclosure .
“ Gonzales created the notes at the direction of the president , they concerned very sensitive matters of great import to the nation ’s security and he handled them consistent with his belief in the need to maintain their confidentiality , ” Terwilliger said .
Linux Gaming Console Coming in November
by Ostatic Staff - Oct. 23 , 2008
Envizions Computer Entertainment announced recently that the Linux - based EVO gaming console will be available for sale November 18 .
There have been dedicated gaming consoles that are able to run Linux , namely the PS3 .
In these cases , Linux made the console function more as a home computer than a gaming rig .
The EVO system uses Linux to power the games .
It is a system geared for early adopters and developers at this point .
If anything , this release will heat up the " Linux is n't an operating system for gaming " chorus .
So while playing " Gears of War " on a Red Hat server that 's also running mail services , LAMP , and a intranet portal has n't been possible ( or necessarily a good idea ) , the introduction of dedicated console hardware , a Linux flavor optimized for gaming , and a company willing to develop ( and encourage others to develop ) games might change the tune .
It 'll likely be a slow process , given that Envizions only plans to release 500 to 1,300 units in the United States and Canada ( there 's no mention of any worldwide release at this time ) .
The console costs $ 599 , but the company plans to offer a subsidized rebate plan to reduce that price to $ 249 .
Depending on the terms of the rebate , it is somewhat competitively priced to other game consoles .
It does n't feel right to compare this with the traditional game console .
It 's very much an early adopter platform with an appeal to gamers .
Those who are interested purely in the gaming aspect of a console likely would n't have much use for EVO now .
This console offers some similar features to other game systems , such as networking with other system owners and access to internet multimedia services .
It also offers VoIP , cloud computing , and storage services .
The system will ship with a modified version of Fedora 8 pre-installed , with the option to use Envizions ' Mirrors Evolution Linux distribution .
Again , since this is marketed to early adopters who are as interested in developing games as playing them , the game selection is going to feel lackluster compared with more mature systems .
The Linux game page has a teaser title ( Hexen II Hammer of Thyrion ) and very little else .
Emphasizing the intention to develop the console into a complete gaming system is ambitious , and intriguing .
With specific marketing and some luck , it will ( hopefully ) catch the eyes and imaginations of creative game designers and developers .
The phrase " Linux gaming " could finally move from oxymoron to reality .
Mama always said you 'd regret slouching one day , and while you 've still got a few decades left before ultimately determining whether the sage - like advice was right or wrong , why take chances ?
The iPosture does the same thing as wearable posture reminders that we 've seen in the past , but this one does so in a much more discrete fashion .
The diminutive nano - sensor detects when your angle deviates just three degrees from the optimal position for greater than a minute , after which it emits a warning to straighten you out .
Users insistent on keeping it crooked can turn the device off by powering it down , removing it or flinging it furiously into a wall .
Life 's next big nuisance will be shipping soon for $ 99.95 .
[ Thanks , Eric ]
Researchers have shown that the animals can add small numbers of apples to get their trunks on a bigger food prize
This article is more than 12 years old
This article is more than 12 years old
An Asian elephant bests a science reporter at a simple counting game .
Video courtesy of Naoko Irie / University of Tokyo
Elephants are famous for their supposedly superb memory .
Now it seems that they are good at simple maths too .
Researchers at the University of Tokyo have found an Asian elephant named Ashya can add small quantities together and correctly identify which is larger .
For example , when researcher Naoko Irie - Sugimoto dropped three apples into one bucket and one apple into a second , then four more apples into the first and five into the second , Ashya correctly identified that the first bucket contained more apples and began munching on her tasty prize .
Ashya and her companions chose the correct bucket 74 % of the time .
" I even get confused when I 'm dropping the bait , " Irie told New Scientist magazine .
The elephants ' counting abilities are far from unique .
Chimps , salamanders and pigeons have shown numerical abilities in lab tests , but what is more impressive for the elephants is that their ability to distinguish between two figures does not get worse when those numbers are more similar .
The elephants that Irie - Sugimoto tested were as good at telling the difference between five and six as they were at distinguishing between five and one .
She presented her findings last week at the International Society for Behavioral Ecology 's annual meeting in Ithaca , New York .
It is not obvious why elephants should need this mathematical faculty in the wild .
" It really is tough to figure out why [ elephants ] would need to count , " said Mya Thompson , an ecologist at Cornell University who studies elephants .
One possibility is that they use it to keep track of other members of their herd so that no individual is left behind .
Asian elephants live in close - knit groups of six to eight .
" You really do n't want to lose your group members , " she said .
Another possibility is that a propensity for simple maths might be a by - product of natural selection for a larger brain , said Irie - Sugimoto .
WATCH
Vaccine Wars :
How the anti-vax movement has grown despite scientific evidence
The anti-vaccine movement is a potential public health catastrophe .
Where did anti-vax ideas start ?
How have they spread around the world ?
And why do people believe them despite scientific evidence to the contrary ?
Watch now .
At least 45 letters , all postmarked in Amarillo , Texas on October 17 and 18 , were sent to Chase bank offices in nine US cities as well as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , the Office of Thrift Supervision in Dallas and the Federal Home Loan Bank in Atlanta .
This is a guest post by Meg Hamill who works at LandPaths in Partnership with The Open Space District of Sonoma County , California .
Here ’s a question , not meant to keep you up at night , but definitely worth thinking about :
Which of the foods in your refrigerator right now would be likely to survive a global climate change ?
Lucky for us , this question is not going unanswered .
The Global Crop Diversity
Trust recently earmarked 1.5 million dollars towards screening the world ’s food supply for natural resistances to floods , temperature change , and droughts .
The Trust is also looking for higher yielding crops that need little water and less space to grow .
The overarching mission of the organization is to ensure the conservation and availability of crop diversity for food security , worldwide .
In February of this year , they opened the doors of their “ Arctic Seed Vault , ” otherwise known as “ Doomsday Vault , ” a safe haven for seeds from all over the world .
The vault was dug into a mountainside in Svalbard , a group of islands nearly a thousand kilometers North of Norway .
Over the next two years , researchers at the Global Crop Diversity Trust are hoping to compile information on all of the climate - proof traits that occur in plants , and then locate which food crops exhibit these traits .
The Trust ’s executive director Cary Fowler told the BBC : “ Plant breeders will be able to go online and type their search criteria , then up pops the details of the samples that match the breeders ’ requirements , such as drought tolerance or heat resistance . ”
Similar research is concurrently being done in the biotechnology sector .
Biotech researchers are working on Genetically Modified Organisms ( GMO ’s ) that have the ability to produce higher yields and survive climate change .
Image Credit : Photo from FreeFoto.com under a Creative Commons License
About This Blog
Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska is the Republican nominee for Vice President .
She is a values - loving American who , like most of us other values - loving Americans , particularly espouses that most cherished of American values : hatred .
With Sarah Palin on the Republican ticket , we can all be sure that we 're putting the petty partisanship and fluffy lovefests of Karl Rove , Dick Cheney , and the Bush Administration behind us and ushering in an unprecedented era of uncompromising hate .
Sarah Palin has given the normally boring John McCain a true lesson in vitriol , to the point that we can only hope that she 'll finally crack the glass ceiling once and for all by default , when her 72 - year - old running mate bites it .
Will America stand behind the so - called " uniter , " Barack Obama , when they look for leadership , or will they espouse the bold values of hatred that Sarah Palin has embodied her whole life as she 's taken principled stand after principled stand hating when nobody else would do it ?
This blog does n't aim to change anyone 's mind , but hopefully it will communicate to all Americans that the American who loves to hate is the American that 's super great .
Most scientists and activists who understand the realities of anthropogenic global warming ( AGW ) have heard it repeatedly – climate scientists are wrong about global heating this time because they were wrong about global cooling in the 1970’s .
Ignore for a moment the obvious logical fallacy here and focus instead on the claim that there was supposedly a scientific consensus in the 1970s that , due to global temperature data , the Earth was about to go into a new ice age .
This claim by deniers is clearly verifiable , and that ’s exactly what a team of researchers led by National Climatic Data Center climatologist Thomas C. Peterson has done .
The team ’s results revealed something surprising , given how widespread the “ cooling consensus ” claim is among climate skeptics and deniers : only 10 % of related journal papers published between 1965 and 1979 supported a global cooling hypothesis – and 62 % of papers supported the idea of global heating .
According to the Science News article linked above , Peterson ’s team found that the reason most AGW skeptics and deniers have latched onto the false “ cooling consensus ” meme is that the popular media at the time publicized it – Time , Newsweek , and the New York Times all ran articles on how the Earth was about to be plunged into a new ice age .
Never mind that the first New York Times piece was corrected with two later articles .
And the Science News story points out that the most commonly referenced paper for the “ cooling consensus ” myth was superseded by new data on how aerosols ( thought to be the cause of the next ice age in the 1971 paper ) were n’t in high enough concentration or distributed evenly enough around the planet to dramatically cool the Earth – and how new data on methane , CFCs , and other industrial chemicals were revealing those compounds to be greenhouse gases that have since been found to be contributing to AGW .
Science News was able to interview the author of that 1971 paper , Stanford University climatologist Stephen Schneider , for their article :
When global warming skeptics draw misleading comparisons between scientists ’ nascent understanding of climate processes in the 1970s and their level of knowledge today , “ it ’s absolute nonsense , ” Schneider says .
Back then , scientists were just beginning to study climate trends and their causes , and the probability of finding evidence to disprove a particular hypothesis was relatively high .
Nowadays , he contends , “ the likelihood of new evidence to overthrow the concept of global warming is small .
Warming is virtually certain . ”
— — —-
Antarctica ’s Larsen C ice shelf to be studied
Reuters reports that a new study starting this year will survey the Larsen C ice shelf in Antarctica to determine if it ’s vulnerable to collapse .
The Larsen A and B shelves collapsed in 1995 and 2002 respectively , leaving the Larsen C shelf arguably the most vulnerable ice shelf in Antarctica .
While it ’s a floating mass of ice and so its melting would have no direct effect on sea level rise , if it were to collapse too , that would uncork a number of fast moving glaciers on the Antarctic Peninsula .
According to the article , the glaciers that feed the Larsen C shelf contain enough ice to raise the sea level by 8 – 12 inches .
The scientists conducting the study hope to learn how fragile the Larsen C ice shelf is , and possibly some new information on why the Larsen A and B shelves collapsed previously .
And they hope to learn whether the prior collapses were caused by global climate disruptions or by localized climate changes .
— — —-
Efficiency created 1.46 million California jobs
According to a NYTimes article this past week , a new economic study out of the University of California – Berkeley shows that energy efficiency mandates implemented in the 1970s not only saved Californian ’s billions of dollars , all that extra money enabled the state to create 1.46 million new jobs over the same period .
The study examined household spending specifically , since such spending accounts for over 70 % of gross state product ( GSP ) , and it found that required energy efficiency improvements freed up money from energy expenses that was then spent on food , travel , and other goods and services .
These alternate expenditures were found to also be in less energy - intensive economic sectors , further augmenting the initial energy efficiency improvements .
Of course , not all of the sectors the study researched gained jobs – carbon - intensive energy sources and energy wasteful services naturally lost jobs , but the gain in other sectors more than compensated for the losses .
The study also concluded that AB32 , California ’s recent climate law , would prove to be a “ modest but positive ” boost to the economy and that employment would rise by over 400,000 by 2020 as a result of the continued improvements in energy efficiency .
California would have to ensure that those employees who lost their jobs due to being part of a high carbon or energy intensive sector were provided with retraining , but this is normal for an economy as it transitions from any one phase to another .
All in all , excellent news for California and the rest of the country – the study provides strong evidence that tackling climate disruption will not necessarily harm the economy , and may in fact provide both an overall economic boost and significant numbers of new jobs .
— — —-
Memo : CO 2 , wildlife conflicts of interest OK
President Bush has been fighting regulations protecting endangered species and restricting carbon emissions for years , and he ’s been trying to write new rules in the waning days of his administration that have the potential to seriously impact endangered species protections for years to come .
Now a memo has been leaked to the media that shows the Interior Department ’s top lawyer essentially claiming that , since damage from a particular carbon dioxide source ( CO 2 ) ca n’t be proven to cause specific damage to a species or habitat , CO 2 emissions need not be considered by government regulators .
This legal argument has the potential to , with an executive rules change that does n’t get directly reviewed by Congress , gut the Supreme Court decision that concluded the EPA had the authority and requirement to regulate CO 2 emissions .
At the same time , the related rules changes would permit the various government agencies to decide without the help of outside experts whether or not a project would “ harm wildlife ” .
According to Jamie Rappaport Clark , former director of the Fish and Wildlife Service during the Clinton administration , “ the bigger issue was conflict of interest , ” namely that the Pentagon or Bureau of Land Management would be permitted to decide for themselves whether a new military installation or mine would harm wildlife .
I think it ’s fair to say that , if these new rules go into effect , that they ’ll either be immediately reversed or be litigated by environmental groups until the next Administration is forced to change them .
— — —-
Rolls - Royce developing efficient new propeller engines for commercial aircraft
Propeller engines are more efficient than the standard turbofan and turbojet engines that most commercial airliners use today .
They have n’t been used since the invention of the turbofan because of the noise and relatively inefficient propeller designs .
But the recent push for fuel and carbon efficient air transportation may bring propeller aircraft back into vogue .
Especially if the new Rolls - Royce engine pans out .
It ’s up to 30 % more fuel efficient than comparable turbofans for similarly sized aircraft , and that could mean millions of dollars in fuel savings per aircraft equipped with propellers instead of turbofans .
— — —-
Crew Earth Observations ' Top Ten ' Photos
The Crew Earth Observations
Team shares their " Top Ten " Crew Earth Observations .
Check them out and share your thoughts on a blog with Sue Runco , Earth remote sensing scientist at Johnson Space Center .
ISS013 -E-24184 ( 23 May 2006 ) --- Eruption of Cleveland Volcano , Aleutian Islands , Alaska is featured in this image photographed by an Expedition 13 crewmember on the International Space Station .
This most recent eruption was first reported to the Alaska Volcano Observatory by astronaut Jeffrey N. Williams , NASA space station science officer and flight engineer , at 3:00 p.m. Alaska Daylight Time ( 23:00 GMT ) .
This image , acquired shortly after the beginning of the eruption , captures the ash plume moving west - southwest from the summit vent .
The eruption was short - lived ; the plume had completely detached from the volcano summit two hours later .
Photo credit : NASAISS007 - E- 10974 ( 27 July 2003 ) ---
Photographed by an Expedition 7 crewmember onboard the International Space Station ( ISS ) , this image shows the limb of the Earth at the bottom transitioning into the orange - colored troposphere , the lowest and most dense portion of the Earth 's atmosphere .
The troposphere ends abruptly at the tropopause , which appears in the image as the sharp boundary between the orange - and blue - colored atmosphere .
The silvery - blue noctilucent clouds extend far above the Earth 's troposphere .
The sliver of the setting moon is visible at upper right .
Photo credit : NASAISS006 - E-36913 ( 10 March 2003 ) ---
This nighttime view of Los Angeles , California was captured by one of the Expedition Six crewmembers on board the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
In the north , Hollywood is nestled against the south side of the Santa Monica Mountains .
On the coast , Los Angeles International Airport ( LAX ) and the port facilities at Long Beach Naval Shipyards are also bright spots .
The bright lights of Disneyland in Anaheim are also a standout feature .
Photo credit : NASAISS011 - E-12415 ( 31 August 2005 ) --- Aurora Borealis and lights in Finland , Russia , Estonia and Latvia are featured in this digital still picture taken by the Expedition 11 crew aboard the International Space Station .
If it were daylight parts of the Eastern Baltic Sea would be visible .
The station was over a point on Earth located at 50.6 degrees north latitude and 15.1 degees east longitude at the time .
The cluster of stars to the lower right of the thin crescent Moon is the Praesepe or Beehive Cluster in Cancer .
Just to the right of that is the planet Saturn .
Photo credit : NASAISS002 - E-9767 ( 8 Aug. 2001 ) ---
This image , recorded with a digital still camera by one of the Expedition Two crew members onboard the International Space Station , is a glimpse of the barren moon through the Earth ’s limb .
With no atmosphere , and therefore no limb of its own , the edge of the moon arcs crisply against the backdrop of space .
Some of the most breathtaking views of Earth taken from space are those that capture our planet ’s limb .
When viewed from the side , the Earth looks like a flat circle , and the atmosphere appears like a halo around it .
This glowing halo is known as the limb .
Viewed from satellites , space shuttles , and even the moon , the image of this luminous envelope of gases shielding the life on our planet from the dark , cold space beyond rarely fails to fascinate us .
Photo credit : NASAISS008 - E-13304 ( 28 January 2004 ) ---
This image featuring Mt. Everest and Makalu was taken by an Expedition 8 crew member on the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
Crew members on board the Station have a unique view of the world because of their position in a low orbit ( 200 nautical miles , 360 kilometers ) relative to satellites and their ability to look at any angle out the windows of the spacecraft .
ISS crew members recently took advantage of their vantage point to photograph this oblique view of the Himalayas looking south from over the Tibetan Plateau .
At first glance , one might think that the image looks like a picture taken from an airplane ; until you remember that the summits of Makalu [ left ( 8,462 meters : 27,765 feet ) ] and Everest [ right ( 8,850 meters ; 29,035 feet ) ] are at the heights typically flown by commercial aircraft , and could never be seen this way from an airplane .
Photo credit : NASAISS006 - E-028961 ( 16 Feb. 2003 ) ---
The Expedition Six crew enjoyed this green aurora dancing over the night side of the Earth just after sunset on February 16 , 2003 .
The reds and blues of sunset light up the air layer to the west .
The image was recorded with a 58 mm lens on a digital still camera .
Because auroras follow Earth 's magnetic field , they are observed at Earth 's poles when the oxygen and nitrogen atoms start to glow when bombarded by charged particles coming from the sun .
In a sense , auroras are the " neon lights " of the poles .
Photo credit : NASAISS013 -E-77377 ( 5 Sept. 2006 ) --- Bernese Alps , Switzerland is featured in this image photographed by an Expedition 13 crewmember onboard the International Space Station .
The formidable mountain system of the Alps stretches across much of central Europe , with seven countries claiming portions of the mountains within their borders ( Germany , France , Switzerland , Italy , Liechtenstein , Austria , and Slovenia ) .
The glacial landscape of the Bernese Alps , located in southwestern Switzerland , is well illustrated by this view .
The image was taken by a crewmember looking north - northwest while the station was located over the Mediterranean Sea between Corsica and Italy -- this oblique viewing angle imparts a sense of perspective to the image .
This type of viewing angle complements more nadir ( downward ) -- viewing imagery of the region .
Three of the higher peaks of the central Alps are visible -- Jungfrau ( 4,158 meters ) , Moench ( 4,089 meters ) , and Eiger ( 3,970 meters ) .
To the east and south of the Jungfrau is the Aletsch Glacier , clearly marked by dark medial moraines extending along the glacier 's length parallel to the valley axis .
The moraines are formed from rock and soil debris collected along the sides of three mountain glaciers located near the Jungfrau and Moench peaks -- as these flowing ice masses merge to form the Aletsch Glacier , the debris accumulates in the middle of the glacier and is carried along the flow direction .
According to geologists , Lake Brienz to the northwest was formed by the actions of both glacial ice and the flowing waters of the Aare and Lutschine rivers , and has a maximum depth of 261 meters .
The lake has a particularly fragile ecosystem , as demonstrated by the almost total collapse of the whitefish population in 1999 .
Possible causes for the collapse , according to the scientists , include increased water turbidity associated with upstream hydropower plant operations , and reduction of phosphorus ( a key nutrient for lake algae , a basic element of the local food web ) due to water quality concerns .
Photo credit : NASAISS013 -E-28610 ( 31 May 2006 ) --- Nukuoro Atoll , Federated States of Micronesia is featured in this image photographed by an Expedition 13 crewmember on the International Space Station .
Located just north of the equator ( 3.85 degrees N , 154.9 degrees E ) , this classically - shaped atoll is part of the Caroline Island chain , which stretches northeast of Papua New Guinea in the western Pacific ( roughly north of Guadalcanal , and southeast of Guam and Truk Islands ) .
Nukuoro is one of 607 islands that make up the Federated States of Micronesia , a United Nations Trust Territory under US administration .
About 900 people live on the atoll whose lagoon is 6 kilometers in diameter .
The image shows the sandy atoll with 42 distinct patches of vegetation .
These patches are located on the northeast and east portions of the atoll that face the dominant Easterly winds .
The image shows the larger fields and settlement on the inland side of the largest forest patch protected from the wind .
The land surface is probably slightly higher above sea level here because dunes build up preferentially on wind - facing slopes where beach sand is mobilized by wind .
Swells driven by these winds can be seen approaching from the east - southeast ( right ) and wrapping around the atoll to produce an interference pattern on the downwind side .
Water in the lagoon is notably calm in comparison .
Coral heads appear in the lagoon , one dead center of the image .
Photo credit : NASAISS016 -E-034524 ( 31 March 2008 ) --- Harrat Khaybar , Saudi Arabia is featured in this image photographed by an Expedition 16 crewmember on the International Space Station .
The western half of the Arabian peninsula contains not only large expanses of sand and gravel , but extensive lava fields known as haraat ( harrat for a named field ) .
One such field is the 14,000 - square kilometer Harrat Khaybar , located approximately 137 kilometers to the northeast of the city of Al Madinah ( Medina ) .
According to scientists , the volcanic field was formed by eruptions along a 100 - kilometer long north - south linear vent system over the past 5 million years ; the most recent recorded eruption took place between 600 - 700 A.D. Harrat Khaybar contains a wide range of volcanic rock types and spectacular landforms , several of which are represented in this view .
Jabal al Quidr is built from several generations of dark , fluid basalt lava flows ; the flows surround the 322 - - meter high stratovolcano ( Jabal is translated as " mountain " in Arabic ) .
Jabal Abyad , in the center of the image , was formed from a more viscous , silica - rich lava classified as a rhyolite .
While Jabal al Quidr exhibits the textbook cone shape of a stratovolcano , Jabal Abyad is a lava dome -- a rounded mass of thicker , more solidified lava flows .
To the west ( top center ) is the impressive Jabal Bayda ' .
This symmetric structure is a tuff cone , formed by eruption of lava in the presence of water .
This leads to the production of wet , sticky pyroclastic deposits that can build a steep cone structure , particularly if the deposits consolidate quickly .
White deposits visible in the crater of Jabal Bayda ' ( and two other locations to the south ) are formed from sand and silt that accumulate in shallow , protected depressions .
The presence of tuff cones -- together with other volcanic features indicative of water -- in the Harrat Khaybar suggest that the local climate was much wetter during some periods of volcanic activity .
Today , however , the regional climate is hyperarid -- little to no yearly precipitation -- leading to an almost total lack of vegetation .
Photo credit : NASA
Obama campaign : ' We 're happy ' to talk about Joe The Plumber 's taxes Nick Juliano
Published : Friday October 24 , 2008
Print This Email This Barack Obama 's presidential campaign advisers were n't quite gloating outright during a conference call Friday , but it was quite clear the Democratic candidate 's operation is more than happy with where they are 11 days from the election .
Highlighting Obama 's emerging advantage in several states President Bush carried in 2004 , campaign manager David Plouffe said the campaign has several paths to victory .
Plouffe said he was unfazed by John McCain 's decision in recent days to continue harping on " Joe the Plumber " in an attempt to convince voters that Obama will raise their taxes .
The " tax & spend liberal " attack is one of the most well worn tools in the GOP 's arsenal , and Plouffe pointed to polls showing voters prefer Obama 's proposal for tax cuts to every American earning less than $ 250,000 per year .
" McCain is on a new mission here with his ' Joe the Plumber ' routine .
...
This is not a new argument , we have been dealing with tax attacks for months , " Plouffe said .
" We 're happy to have a tax argument because it really is consistent with the overall argument we 're making " that Obama cares more about the middle class .
With just more than a week until Election Day , early voting has started in several key swing states , and Obama 's advisers said more Democrats than Republicans -- including more new voters -- have showed up at the polls so far in places like North Carolina and Florida .
Both those states went for President Bush in 2004 but are among the most closely contested races this year .
Obama also seems likely to score victories in other Bush states , including New Mexico , Colorado and Iowa .
The race also is close in Ohio , Virginia , Indiana and Nevada -- all of which Bush carried .
Despite trailing in national polls ahead of the November 4 vote , McCain 's senior advisors hope steady attacks on Democrat Obama 's alleged " socialist " tendencies will draw back wavering Republicans and woo key independent voters .
As Obama " told Joe the Plumber back in Ohio , he wants to quote ' spread the wealth around , ' " McCain told a rally in Denver , Colorado .
" He believes in redistributing wealth , not in policies that grow our economy and create jobs .
Senator Obama is more interested in controlling wealth than in creating it , in redistributing money instead of spreading opportunity .
" I am going to create wealth for all Americans , by creating opportunity for all Americans , " McCain vowed .
With Obama visiting his gravely ill 85 - year - old grandmother in Hawaii Friday , McCain is hoping to grab the limelight and chip away at the Democrat 's lead in the polls with 11 days left in the US presidential race .
National tracking polls have Obama up anywhere from four to 14 percentage points -- and he has a solid lead in surveys of most key battleground states .
But the gap has narrowed this week as McCain hammered away at Obama for telling an Ohio plumber -- wary at the Democrat 's tax plans -- that everyone is better off when you " spread the wealth around . "
One senior advisor told reporters on McCain 's campaign plane that people are uncomfortable with the fact that Obama -- who Friday was endorsed by the influential New York Times -- is " so liberal . "
The campaign is holding up plumber Joe Wurzelbacher of Holland , Ohio as a symbol of the hopes of all Americans who own a business or dream of doing so one day .
" Senator Obama may say he 's trying to soak the rich , but it 's the middle class who are going to get put through the wringer , because a lot of his promised tax increase misses the target , " said McCain .
The debate over what 's best for Joe the Plumber has " put a face " on the argument McCain has been trying to make for some time in the run-up to November 4 , another campaign advisor said .
" We 're aware we 're behind , but we 're in better shape than some of the public polls , " senior advisor Mark Salter told AFP .
" This is definitely a winnable race . "
McCain launched an ad this week titled " Sweat Equity , " in which ordinary people declare : " I'm Joe the Plumber , " and one man says : " Obama wants my sweat to pay for his trillion dollars in new spending . "
Taking a 36 - hour break from campaigning , Obama was spending Friday with his grandmother Madelyn Dunham , who raised him for much of his childhood , in his birth state of Hawaii .
He resumes campaigning Saturday in Nevada .
Dunham , who broke her hip earlier this month and suffers from osteoporosis , is Obama 's sole remaining link with his tight - knit immediate elder family after his mother died of cancer more than a decade ago .
" We knew that she was n't doing well but , you know , the diagnosis was such where we thought we had a little more time and we did n't .
And so I want to make sure that I do n't make the same mistake twice , " Obama told CBS television .
The McCain campaign says it now considers 14 states to be competitive , but is focusing its resources on those most critical to a McCain victory -- Florida , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Virginia and North Carolina .
The New York Times endorsed Obama for president on Friday , saying he has grown into the kind of leader the United States needs after eight years of President George W. Bush in the White House .
" He has shown a cool head and sound judgment , " it said .
" We believe he has the will and the ability to forge the broad political consensus that is essential to finding solutions to this nation 's problems . "
With wire reports
› Larger image
Phoenix inserted the four needles of its thermal and conductivity probe into Martian soil during the 98th Martian day , or sol , of the mission and left it in place until Sol 99 ( Sept. 4 , 2008 ) .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona / Texas A&M University
Full image and caption
Senator McCain sits down with the editorial board of the Des Moines Register and gets stumped by one of the best questions I 've heard asked of him so far this campaign .
" Throughout your adult life , am I right , as a veteran and a member of Congress and now someone over sixty five , throughout your adult life have you been covered by a taxpayer - financed health care plan ?
Think of the brilliance of this question : McCain has received " government - run " health care his entire life , and I 'm sure he 's never had a single complaint .
If " government - run " health care is so inefficient and wasteful , how has it served him so effectively for over thirty years ?
If it 's good enough for him , why is n't it good enough for the 40 million Americans who desperately need it and are forced to live without it ?
I 'm always amazed at how successful the Republicans are at convincing voters they do n't want something that clearly works well , and something that they themselves have no problem taking advantage of .
Flipping through a few of the other clips I can't help but notice that McCain is becoming increasingly hostile .
Check them out and tell me I 'm wrong .
Never one to let a trend pass without jumping on the bandwagon ourselves , here is Yanko Design ’s top 10 list of the most impactful green designs of recent memory .
Given so many criteria available to judge the concepts , ordering the list was tough , but in the end we shot from the hip as well as flipped a lot of coins .
Without further ado , hit the jump for your daily dose of feeling good about Mother Earth .
10 ) Com -bat : A solar powered , robotic spy plane , the 6 ″ wide Com - bat uses hair trigger sensors to navigate the battlefield and relay data back to base .
9 ) Lotus Eco-Elise : Drawing on friendly materials like “ eco wool ” , sisal and hemp , the new Elise stands apart from its hybrid brethren by also incorporating solar roof panels to power its electrical systems .
8 ) River Plant Aquarium : Like a self contained bio - dome ( less the Pauly Shore ) , the aquarium uses fish and water to provide nutrients to the plants , while the plants oxygenate the water for the fish .
7 ) Vertical Farm : Aiming to solve the problem of slash and burn farming as well as prevent watershed contamination by pesticides , the vertical farm skyscrapers attempt to condense the whole farming operation into a sealed environment .
LEED Diamond here we come .
6 ) Architectural Wind : Attempting to sidestep the ordinances keeping wind generators out of urban areas , Aerovironment developed these smaller modular turbines that require little installation as well as looking good enough not to ban .
5 ) frogLight : Putting their foot in the ring of home - use LED bulbs , Frog Design ’s concept effectively ties together the technology with our traditional view of a bulb .
4 ) Twirl n’ Take : Part of Sony ’
Odo line of earth friendly gadgets , this camera uses energy from rolling its end around on a table to power its functions .
3 ) gDiapers :
While not typical fair for a site like this , there is something to be said for the legitimate significance of Gdiapers ’ ability to be flushed down the toilet , avoiding the landfill entirely .
2 ) Saverclip : Reading the electrical throughput on your electrical cords , the Saverclip informs us of how much precious lifeblood were leeching from Gaia .
1 ) Kupe furniture : Made by Brooklyn studio Uhuru , the Kupe collection includes such reclaimed materials as Truck springs and bourbon barrel staves .
Now you can torment your recovering alcoholic friend by inviting him over to see your new furniture .
Joe the Plumber is doing darn well for a guy from Main Street .
While everyone else loses money , Joe is worried about being taxed as a “ rich ” person .
Joe was John McCain ’s new poster child for the all - American small business owner last night .
A plumber from Ohio ( or a non-Ohio voter planted by Karl Rove ?
You decide .* ) ,
Joe wants to start a small business that will put him in the $ 250,000 + income bracket .
This makes him a fine symbol of Main Street America for the GOP campaign .
Here ’s a blue - collar worker who wrenched and puttied his way to a quarter of a million dollar annual income , and he should n’t be taxed –
Wait .
Hold .
I do n’t care who Joe is or how hard he worked .
What I care about is how a plumber can be worth $ 250,000 / year .
That is amazing .
How Do They Make So Much Money ?
The US Bureau of Labor Statistics says that on average , people in the plumbing profession ( which includes a variety of gigs ) make about $ 20 / hour .
I have never had a plumber charge less than $ 75 / hour .
Pipelayers , plumbers , pipefitters , and steamfitters are among the highest paid construction occupations .
Median hourly earnings of wage and salary plumbers , pipefitters , and steamfitters were $ 20.56 .
The middle 50 percent earned between $ 15.62 and $ 27.54 .
The lowest 10 percent earned less than $ 12.30 , and the highest 10 percent earned more than $ 34.79 .
It also says that 30 % of plumbers belong to unions .
I would n’t be surprised if Joe the Plumber is a socialist union member who also does n’t want to be taxed , thus enjoying the best of both worlds .
But again , the point is that these guys make bank .
A small portion of blue collar work offers better pay and perks than your average middle management gig .
Politicians–and their fans–need to think about what “ blue collar ” means when supposed Main Street citizens , who we assume are broke like the rest of us , pop up on TV screens .
Here are a few additional examples of blue collar gigs that earn workers more than many office gigs ( again , from the BLS ) :
Railroad conductor .
Mean annual wage : $ 61,480
Elevator Installer .
Mean annual wage : $ 66,330
Boat captain or other operator .
Mean annual wage : $ 57,210
Joe the Plumber .
Annual wage ( through his small business ) : $ 250,000
Politicians want people to focus on what Joe does , not how much money he makes doing it .
He ’s a hard - working American guy who just happens to want to start his own business in a fair way .
And who happens to be estimating neat profits of $ 250,000 / year .
How many of us can claim that for ourselves ?
* Update : New Joe the Plumber facts :
- He is not a licensed plumber .
- He does n’t want to start the business himself , from scratch .
He wants to buy it from someone else .
- He does n’t make much money now , meaning he ’d save more in taxes under Obama ’s plan than McCain’s .
Tags
Given last week 's dramatic events — the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , the end of Merrill Lynch 's independence , and an $ 85 billion US - government bailout of insurer AIG — most financial institutions are likely to become more sensitive to the state of their net worth .
For instance , all it takes for a financial institution that has a net worth of $ 30 billion and assets of $ 600 billion to go under is for the value of assets to fall by 5 % .
In the current financial climate , it can easily happen ; hence , most financial institutions are not immune from the potential threat of going belly up .
One of the major reasons why the Fed rescued AIG was to prevent a fall in the value of bank assets , a fall that would in turn expose their true net worth and cause ( it is generally believed ) a run on banks that would decimate the entire banking system .
As long as the AIG can keep paying the banks ' losses for their suspect ( but insured ) investments , those banks do n't need to reappraise their true values .
But there is always the lingering fear that at some stage banks will be forced to disclose market - related valuations and that this could set in motion a financial tsunami .
Mortgage - linked assets are regarded as being at the root of the present credit crisis — the worst since the Great Depression .
To eliminate a potential threat from devalued mortgage - linked assets , US Treasury Secretary Paulson and Fed Chairman Bernanke are planning to move these assets from the balance sheets of financial companies into a new institution .
The Bush administration is asking Congress to let the government buy $ 700 billion in bad mortgages as part of the largest financial bailout since the Great Depression .
The plan would give the government broad power to buy the bad debt of any US financial institutions for the next two years .
It would also raise the statutory limit on the national debt from $ 10.6 trillion to $ 11.3 trillion .
But how is the transfer of bad paper assets to some new institution and their replacement with a better quality of assets — with Treasuries , let us say — going to fix the economy ?
How can it reverse the present slump in the housing market ?
The Treasury and the Fed believe that allowing financial institutions to get rid of bad assets will remove the threat of banks ' having to assign correct values to their suspect assets .
It is held this will bring things back to normal , that the banks will start expanding mortgage loans and revive the housing market and in turn the economy .
But allowing banks to get rid of bad assets does n't imply that they will be keen to expand mortgage lending , thereby accumulating new potentially bad assets .
At present , for most US banks , the major concern is improving their net worth , i.e. , strengthening their solvency .
This means that banks are likely to slow the pace of expansion of their assets , and the volume of lending is likely to come under pressure .
In the week ending September 10 , commercial banks ' total assets fell by $ 33.9 billion .
The yearly rate of growth of total assets fell to 4.9 % from 6.7 % in August and 12.7 % in March .
According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , commercial banks and savings institutions ' net worth fell by $ 10 billion from Q1 to Q2 .
This was the first decline since the data was made available in Q2 2000 .
At the root of the problem are not mortgage - backed assets as such but the Fed 's boom - bust policies .
It is the extremely loose monetary policy between January 2001 and June 2004 that set in motion the massive housing bubble ( the federal - funds - rate target was lowered from 6 % to 1 % ) .
It is the tighter stance between June 2004 and September 2007 that burst the housing bubble ( the federal - funds - rate target was lifted from 1 % to 5.25 % ) .
The tighter monetary stance put a brake on the diversion of real savings toward bubble activities .
Now the effect of a change in monetary policy operates with a time lag .
We suggest that the tighter interest stance of the Fed between June 2004 and September 2007 has so far only hit the real - estate market and financial institutions .
Various bubble activities that sprang up on the back of loose monetary policy between January 2001 and June 2004 are not only in the real - estate and financial sectors ; they are also in the other parts of the economy .
Consequently , there is a growing likelihood that these activities will come under pressure .
Since they are the product of loose monetary policy , obviously the banks that supported them are going to incur more bad assets , which will put more pressure on banks ' net worth .
The US Congress May Help Bernanke to Increase Monetary Expansion
The rescue package is a combined act by the US Treasury and the Fed and is seen by experts as a comprehensive approach since it also addresses the issue of liquidity .
The chairman of the Fed , who is fearful that the American economy could plunge into depression , holds that the only way to prevent this is through massive monetary pumping .
We suspect that Bernanke is of the view that he has n't been allowed to operate " properly " to prevent the current upheavals in financial markets because he was n't free to pump money at liberty .
In the present setup of interest targeting , the Fed cannot simply pump money unhindered into the economy and boost monetary liquidity .
Monetary pumping , while the federal - funds rate is at its target , will push the rate below the target .
To bring the federal - funds rate back to the target the Fed is obliged to sell assets such as Treasuries to absorb money from the federal - funds market .
All this means that if there is no upward pressure on the federal - funds rate , the Fed cannot pump money without pushing the rate below the target .
For instance , if the Fed increases lending to a financial institution , the new money that will enter the financial market will put downward pressure on the federal - funds rate .
To eliminate this downward pressure , the Fed will be obliged to sell Treasury securities .
By selling these securities , the Fed takes money from the market .
In this way the US central bank offsets the downward pressure on the federal - funds rate brought about by the increase in lending to financial institutions .
Note that the holdings of Treasuries by the Fed play an important role in the process that we have described .
As a result of all the actions to boost liquidity taken by the Fed since August 10 , 2007 , the US central bank holdings of US Treasury securities has dwindled .
Just a year ago , the Fed held $ 780 billion in Treasuries ; by September 17 , 2008 , this has fallen to $ 480 billion .
Year - on - year Treasury securities holdings by the Fed fell by 38.8 % in August after falling by 39.4 % the month before .
This was the tenth consecutive month of yearly decline .
So far in September , the yearly rate of growth has stood at negative 38.5 % .
If we allow for the $ 200 billion that the Fed pledged to the Term Securities Lending Facility and the $ 85 billion loan to AIG then the amount falls to $ 195 billion .
If more institutions are on the brink of bankruptcy , and the Fed decides to provide support to them , it would have difficulty in doing so without a sufficient inventory of Treasuries .
Again , if the Fed were to run out of Treasuries , then any lending by the Fed would lead the federal - funds rate to fall below the target .
To help out the Fed , last Wednesday , the US Treasury announced that it would auction $ 100 billion in debt in order to offset the monetary pumping by the Fed .
Observe again that the Fed has officially been engaged in actions to boost liquidity since August 10 , 2007 .
All this means that the Fed might appear to be loose , but in reality , the overall pumping by the Fed , as depicted by its balance sheet so far , has been moderate .
The yearly rate of growth of the Fed 's assets stood at 4 % in August against 3.8 % in July .
Note that since November 2004 , the growth momentum of the Fed 's assets has been in a downtrend ( the yearly rate of growth in November 2004 stood at 7.1 % ) .
How Can the Fed Boost the Money Supply ?
So how can the Fed boost the money supply without pushing the federal - funds rate to below the target ?
One way of achieving this is by asking the Treasury to issue more debt .
Once the Treasury sells more debt to the public , this absorbs money from the federal - funds market .
As a result the federal - funds rate will be pushed above the target .
Once this happens , the Fed will step in by buying the Treasuries from the public .
Remember that , by buying Treasuries the Fed injects money into the federal - funds market .
The new money in turn pushes the federal - funds rate back towards the target .
The final outcome of all this is that the money supply has increased and the Fed now has more Treasuries , i.e. , its balance sheet has increased .
Now this way of boosting money supply and monetary liquidity is somewhat cumbersome .
It also raises the level of the Treasury debt and pushes long - term yields and hence mortgage interest rates higher than they would have been .
The better way , according to Bernanke and US central bank officials , is to pump money any time they think it is necessary .
Not only will this boost monetary liquidity but it will also boost the Treasuries holdings by the Fed .
( Remember : to pump money , the Fed buys Treasuries . )
But how can this be done , given the fact that to keep the federal - funds rate at the target prevents the Fed from pumping money at liberty ?
A solution is on its way — to pay interest on bank deposits held at the Fed .
By paying banks an interest rate , which corresponds to the target rate , the Fed removes from banks the incentive to lend surplus cash to each other .
As a result , the federal - funds rate will not fall below the target in response to the Fed 's monetary pumping .
( Remember : when more money is pumped , banks ' surplus cash increases .
To get rid of the greater surplus , they will agree to lend at a lower interest rate than before . )
When every bank is guaranteed interest on its deposit with the Fed , banks will not lend to each other — why bother to lend and incur risk if a bank will be paid interest by just keeping the money at the Fed ?
Consequently , the interest rate will not decline in response to the increase in the Fed 's pumping .
With this setup , the Fed could pump money at liberty without pushing the federal - funds rate to below the target .
We suspect that against the background of last week 's events and the emerging view that something drastic must be done to prevent a calamity , there is a high likelihood that the Congress is going to approve the Fed 's ( i.e. , Bernanke 's ) request for paying interest to banks very soon .
Once the Congress gives the green light , Bernanke will start pushing a massive amount of money to soften the crisis in the credit markets .
The idea is that this should boost bank lending , which in turn will kick - start the economy .
Some experts are arguing that the Fed needs to pump over $ 1 trillion to make things work .
Can More Money Fix the Current Economic Crisis ?
But why should pumping more money do the trick ?
It seems that , for most experts , money is an agent for economic growth .
Money however is just a medium of exchange and cannot create real wealth as such .
On the contrary , monetary expansion results in the squandering of real wealth and economic impoverishment ( look at Zimbabwe ) .
If the pool of real savings is declining , then real economic growth will follow suit regardless of how much money the Fed is going to pump .
Declining household net worth raises the likelihood that the pool of real savings could be in trouble .
According to the Federal Reserve flow - of - funds data , the net wealth of households fell 0.8 % in Q2 as both home values and financial - asset values fell .
This was the third consecutive quarterly decline .
In its press release , the Fed said it has never before recorded three consecutive quarters of declining household wealth since it began tracking quarterly changes in 1951 .
Year - on - year net wealth fell by 3.5 % in Q2 after falling by 0.7 % in Q1 .
Conclusions
The Bush administration is asking Congress to let the government buy $ 700 billion in bad mortgages as part of the largest financial bailout since the Great Depression .
The plan would give the government broad power to buy the bad debt of any US financial institutions for the next two years .
It would also raise the statutory limit on the national debt from $ 10.6 trillion to $ 11.3 trillion .
At the root of the problem are not mortgage - backed assets as such but the Fed 's boom - bust policies .
It is the extremely loose monetary policy between January 2001 and June 2004 that set in motion the massive housing bubble ( the federal - funds - rate target was lowered from 6 % to 1 % ) .
It is the tighter stance between June 2004 and September 2007 that burst the housing bubble ( the federal - funds - rate target was lifted from 1 % to 5.25 % ) .
Can the " rescue plan " fix the US economy , or will it plunge us into the mother of all recessions ?
On account of the time lag , we suggest that the tighter interest stance of the Fed between June 2004 and September 2007 has so far only hit the real - estate market and financial institutions .
Various bubble activities that sprang up on the back of loose monetary policy between January 2001 and June 2004 are not only in the real - estate and financial sectors ; they are also in the other parts of the economy .
Consequently , there is a growing likelihood that these activities will come under pressure in the month ahead regardless of the rescue package .
Since these activities are the product of loose monetary policy , obviously the banks that supported them are going to incur more bad assets , which will put more pressure on banks ' net worth .
Contrary to popular belief , the rescue package cannot help the economy ; it will only severely weaken wealth generators .
( The larger the package , the more misery it will inflict . )
Hence , once the massive rescue plan is implemented , it will not prevent an economic slump but , rather , runs the risk of plunging the economy into the mother of all recessions .
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.6 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Beginnings of schannel implementation using GnuTLS . -
Many fixes from various code analysis tools .
- Support for X11 desktop work area .
- Fixes for Richedit tables .
- More complete JavaScript support .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.6.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.6.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.6 : 2122 wrong window size on startup , busted graphics and invisible text in listboxes .
3875 ACM format codecs shutdown sound in WINE 3915 Win32 GTK apps are all black when run in WINE ( dogfood ) 5008 Wine 0.9.11 does not run applications on FreeBSD 6.0 5145 Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime Library ( Etherlords 2 Demo ) 6253 EQ II Patcher Fails 6382 CaptureWizard fails to install 7051 EVE
Online is n't displaying some elements of the ui 7186 fonts in applications using cairo ( not only through GTK ) 7200 Tab control flickers too much 7257 Documents Manager does n't find iexplore .
exe 7295 wine .inf 's timezone data is inconsistent with Windows 7368 eISLP - font too small on main list 7441 GlobalMemoryStatus 2GB limiting results in failure of virtual > physical memory checks 7452 JScript not functioning 7488 Screen .
ActiveForm run-time error 91 7581 Shell Folder AutoComplete
List in browseui.dll not implemented 7645
Wine tests fail under FreeBSD and other problems 7829 Photoshop CS3 install / Adobe Setup fails at runtime 7996 serious sam dedicated servers do n't work 9298 Empire at war , best of PC install failes 9319 Sony Vegas v4.0 : Menus dissapear after single view 9519 Adobe Reader 8.1 ( and Acrobat Pro 8 ) : Unable to accept License ( window.external object ) 9877 AT1 crashes when system.ini or wini.ini have too many lines 9929 Internet Explorer 7 installer complains it cannot verify integrity of installation files , quits 9963 GPSMapEdit : Unimplemented function gdiplus.dll.GdipGetImageDecodersSize
10544 treeview scrolling on collapsing is broken on windows 10933 PAF 5 unicode font displays with inconsistent size 11294 Adobe Imageready 3 and 6 ( part of Photoshop 6 and 7 ) and InDesign 2 tool option window in wrong place 11735 ClocX : UpdateLayered Window needs to be implemented 11838 Y axis inverted in tablet with OpenCanvas 1.1 ?
11938 Valve Hammer Editor unusable : window mostly black 11943 Wacom Tablet Y - axe gets inverted on click in ArtRage 2.5 11948 TF2 and Portal do not render correctly with nvidia - drivers - 169.x and above 12059 Help window cannot be closed 12133 Desktop directory is invalid 12144 Endnote demo crashes on launch in gdiplus 12255 Static sound effects with Syberia 2 12309 energyXT gui rendering brings the system down to its knees .
12421 Digsby beta crashes during login ( needs lots of gdiplus functions ) 12447 MSN Messenger 7.0 crash while loading the Contact list 12861 Gtk+ demo ( gtk-demo.exe ) does n't work 13214 No icons on control buttons with Audacity 1.2.6 13520 Facewound crosshair does not render 13634 dogfood : geany not usable at all 13728 Crash when running Oblivion installation program 13745 Installing DirectX breaks " gold " VB6 heavy application 14188 utorrent - it disconnects fast leaching peers with Error 10022 14281 Richedit's EM_SETTEXTEX handler does n't notice \urtf as valid RTF sequence 14353 problem with displaying digits in the bookkeeping proram " Mala Ksiegowosc Rzeczpospolitej " 14422 AutoCAD 2005 , Adobe Photoshop CS3 crash on unimplemented function gdiplus.dll.GdipGetFamily
14642 mIRC 6.33 hang up then IRC channel topic has ISO - 8859 - 2 char 14674 Wine WordPad fails to correctly open CP1251 RTF documents with russian letter " ya " 14732 WINE Wordpad crashes horizontally resizing certain RTF documents 14744 Burning Sea : draw regression under alpha UI elements 14773 Adobe Photoshop CS3 crashes at startup on unimplemented function gdiplus.dll.GdipGetFontHeight , GdipGetFontStyle 14800 directx - dinput problem in PES2008 14913
Dawn of war , transperent characters become invisable 14986 Rome Total War v1.5
Gold crashs if buttons that highlight on mouse hover 15009 Black & White 2 crash on start up since 0.9.44 15066 FedExShipManager installer crashes in msi 15077 Myth II 1.6 fails with Wine 1.1.3 ( regression from 1.1.2 ) 15096
This user account does not have sufficient rights to install 15138 Spore crashes after the first stage of life 15210 MIDI - OX installer crashes 15215 Microsoft Office 2007 : Attempting to update IME dictionary => crash ( dogfood ) 15279 Saxo Trader installer crashes into unimplemented msi functoims 15281 PROFILE_Load and friends does n't handle ini files with CR - only line endings 15298 Highway Pursuit crashes with a X Error 15313 Leela : graphics do not show ( win32/ GDI ? )
15332 Compiling on PC - BSD with - Werror fails in dlls / mscms / handle .c 15334 richedit : cursor does n't change when over a scrollbar 15335 Regedit : char format , different type arg errors 15344 reaper sequencer crashes 15347 Lexware : Installation fails with " Systemprüfung konnte nicht erfolgreich abgeschlossen werden " 15366 Starcraft cant find CD 15378 mshtml/tests : dom.c fails in gcc 3.3/ CFLAGS= " - Werror " 15387 VB6 Format error in wine 1.1.4 15391 " -- without - opengl " configure option does n't compile anymore 15413 dualcad crashes into msvcrt 15416 Garena : division by zero in comctl32 15488 IFC Trade Terminal crash on unimplemented function dwmapi.dll.DwmExtendFrameIntoClientArea 15507 winex11.drv regression causes ClocX 1.5 beta 2 installer window to be hidden
----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.5 : Alexander Morozov ( 5 ) : ntoskrnl.exe : Initialize StackSize field of DEVICE_OBJECT structure .
include : Add some definitions .
include : Add usb.h , usb100.h , usb200.h and usbdlib.h.
ntoskrnl.exe : Implement some functions .
ntoskrnl.exe :
Fix trace typo .
Alexander Nicolaysen Sørnes ( 3 ) : regedit : Fix char escaping for registry export .
regedit : Fix some fprintf arguments .
netapi32 : Improve NetUserGetLocalGroups stub .
Alexandre Julliard ( 22 ) : configure : Always use - fno - builtin if supported , since it 's needed for scanf too .
ntdll / tests :
Fix a few test failures on NT4 .
user32/tests :
Fix some more message test failures .
comctl32/tests :
Fix a couple of message test failures .
winex11 : Fix SetLayeredWindowAttributes when called on a thread that does n't have any window .
regedit : Fix file exports in ASCII format .
configure :
Make sure opengl is not built with -- without - opengl is specified .
user32/tests : Fix more message test failures on NT4 and XP .
user32/tests : Fix the winstation tests on NT4 .
user32/tests :
Fix some input test failures .
user32/tests : Fix the listbox tests on Win9x and NT4 .
gdiplus :
Fix a string buffer overflow .
advapi32 : Always pass a valid argv pointer to a service even if there are no arguments .
oleaut32 : Fix a couple of interface registrations to match Windows .
inetcomm :
Add missing license header .
ntdll : Preserve the 2 K block size returned for CDROMs .
msvcrt : Pass the command interpreter as exe name from _wpopen .
server : Follow symlink even with OBJ_OPENLINK unless it is the last element of the path .
ws2_32 : Allow arbitrary - sized iovecs again in WSASendTo and WSARecvFrom .
msi/tests : Clean up the binary .dat file .
widl :
Add support for attributes on enum , struct and union definitions .
stdole2 : Add some missing attributes and fix some typos .
Alistair Leslie - Hughes ( 9 ) : mshtml : Implement IDispatch for IHTMLDOMNode2 .
mshtml : Implement IDispatch for IHTMLDOMNode .
mshtml : Implement IDispatch for IHTMLElementCollection .
mshtml : Implement IDispatch for IHTMLDOMChildrenCollection .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLBodyElement put_background .
msxml3 : Correct cast .
gdiplus : Stub GdipRecordMetafileFileName and GdipRecordMetafileFileNameI.
msxml3 : Add IXMLHTTPRequest support .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle put / get borderWidth .
Andrew Nguyen ( 1 ) : wine .inf : Add entry for fake wintab32.dll .
Andrew Talbot ( 12 ) : comdlg32 : Sign - compare warnings fix .
comctl32 : Sign - compare warnings fix .
credui : Sign - compare warnings fix .
crypt32 : Sign - compare warnings fix .
crypt32 : Sign - compare warnings fix .
dbghelp : Sign - compare warnings fix .
dbghelp : Sign - compare warnings fix .
ddraw : Sign - compare warnings fix .
dinput : Sign - compare warnings fix .
ddraw : Sign - compare warning fix .
dsound : Sign - compare warnings fix .
gdi32 : Sign - compare warnings fix .
Andrey Turkin ( 7 ) : ntdll : Add stubbed implementations for NtQueryEaFile and NtSetEaFile .
regedit : Ignore spaces in regedit files .
dwmapi :
Add a few stub implementations .
kernel32 : Add ExitProcess wrapper to please Shrinker .
wordpad : Fix some unicode bugs .
wordpad : Convert some ANSI calls to Unicode .
wordpad :
Fix some compile - time warnings .
Aric Stewart ( 19 ) : imm32 : ImmConfigureIME
should return 0 when the type is IME_CONFIG_REGISTERWORD and the data is NULL .
mlang / tests : IMultiLanguage2_GetRfc1766
FromLcid can return S_FALSE on partial name matching so deal with this properly .
mlang / tests :
Some versions of native mlang return E_FAIL when source string is NULL and a source length is supplied .
mlang / tests : GetLastError may not be set if Japanese conversions fail with S_FAIL so do not require that to skip the Japanese tests .
mlang / tests :
Skip testing a codepage returning the buggy , legacy unicodeFEFF charset ( only appears to exist on windows 2008 ) .
mlang / tests : windows 2008 's version of mlang E_FAILs when you pass in a rgelt in IEnumCodePage :: Next .
mlang : Correct use of uninitialized rfcstr value ( Coverity 796 ) .
user32/tests : GetMenuItemCount returns an INT which can be - 1 ( Coverity 543 ) .
user32/tests : GetMenuItemCount returns INT so check for - 1 ( Coverity 542 ) .
ole32 : Handle GetMenuItemCount returning - 1 by changing UINT to INT ( Coverity 228 ) .
version : Check for out of memory in VerInstallFileA / W conversion ( Coverity 635 ) .
x11drv : ime :
In the update functions if we get a null string with a len report this and fix len to be 0 ( Coverity 656 and 655 ) .
winealsa :
Do n't dereference a potentially NULL value in the WARN statement ( Coverity 93 ) .
quartz : Check hr so we are not incrementing a NULL ( Coverity 106 ) .
wineoss :
Do n't dereference a potentially NULL value in the WARN statement ( Coverity 93 ) .
d3d8 : Initialize IDirect3DDevice8 * device to NULL in case of immediate cleanup ( Coverity 795 ) .
oleaut32 : In variants check b Overflow to make sure not to accidently overun static buffers in an overflow case ( Coverity 313 ) .
browseui : Update AutoComplete Multi to have a stub implemntation of CLSID_ACListISF and IID_IACList2 .
mlang / tests :
Make sure a given codepage has ' abc ' before depending on that conversion to detect if a codepage is convertable .
Austin English ( 3 ) : mscms : Undefine HIWORD to avoid a conflict .
mshtml/tests :
Fix gcc warnings .
ntdll : Quiet a noisy fixme .
Christian Costa ( 8 ) : d3dxof : Rewrite check_TOKEN and parse_TOKEN_* to work properly and be more logical .
d3dxof : Implement IDirectXFileDataImpl_GetNextObject .
d3dxof :
Do not print an error for interfaces that can be queried to retrieve the type of the object .
d3dxof : Implement IDirectXFileDataReference .
d3dxof : Allow omission of comma which separates array elements .
d3dxof : Enumerate only 2 levels of objects obtained from a reference .
d3dxof : Store number of subojects for all top level objects .
d3dxof : Enable referencing of named subobjects too .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 1 ) : oleaut32 : Fix double negative sign regression in VarFormat .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 6 ) : jscript / tests : Fix a typo in ok ( ) .
oleaut32 : Remove redundant NULL check before SysFreeString .
msxml3 : Remove redundant NULL check before SysFreeString .
msi : Remove redundant NULL check before SysFreeString .
shdocvw : Remove redundant NULL check before SysFreeString .
shdocvw :
Set the default homepage .
Dimitrie O. Paun ( 1 ) : user32 : Fix a noisy FIXME .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 13 ) : gdi32 : Add a test for PS_NULL pen being equal to NULL_PEN stock object .
gdi32 : Make the PS_NULL test pass under Wine. wine .inf : Correct the Pacific SA Standard Time entry .
gdi32 : Do not skip the font metrics update after the DC transform change .
winex11.drv :
Add support for _NET_WORKAREA .
user32 : Print the expected and received rectangles .
gdi32 : Make test_font_metrics require the font being selected into the DC .
gdi32 : Add a test for a font being selected into 2 DCs with different transformations .
gdi32 : Allow a rounding error in the text justification test .
winex11.drv :
Use the monitor work area to decide whether a window should be made managed .
gdi32 : Remove the code which bypasses the DC transformation checks .
gdi32 : Revert incorrect fix introduced in a5d288f08c08dc19d217093fdf8622605c92a4e0 . winmm :
The buffer provided by an application is valid only in the mmioOpen ( FOURCC_MEM ) case .
Dylan Smith ( 21 ) : richedit : Removed space in front of function signature .
richedit : Fixed test failure that happend on older builds of riched 20.dll .
richedit : Fixed test failing on windows version with larger font sizes .
richedit : Make sure border properties are saved for undo / redo .
richedit : Prevent font or colour buffer overflow on stream out .
richedit : Prevent assertion failure when streaming out nested tables .
richedit : Added code to stream out table border properties .
richedit : Fixed a bug preventing streaming out nested table properties .
richedit : Made sure table row gap / offset is copied on append row .
richedit : Print hex string for strcmp test failing on Windows 95 , 98 & NT4 .
richedit : Swapped the expected and destination buffers in a test .
richedit : Avoided testing for undocumented behaviour causing test to fail .
richedit : Removed invalid assertion .
richedit : Unsigned cast char to avoid EOF equality .
richedit : Use RTF reader for text starting with {\urtf .
richedit : ES_AUTOHSCROLL window style disables word wrapping .
user32 : Converted rcScrollBar to screen coordinates .
richedit : Show arrow cursor over scrollbar .
runtest :
More helpful error when top of wine directory is n't found .
runtest : Modified the default program so that it might find the test program .
runtest :
Let the test program handle the lack of a test name .
Eric Pouech ( 21 ) : dbghelp : Added stubs for add symbol functions .
dbghelp : Added the latest stubs .
dbghelp : Added stub for SymSetScopeFromAddr. dbghelp , winedump : Added support for symbol 0x113a .
dbghelp , winedump : Added support for symbol 0x1012 .
winedump : Added support for dumping long long constants .
winedump : Dump a bit more of information from procedures .
winedump : Add preliminary dumping of 0x1136 and 0x1137 symbols .
dbghelp : Silence symbol 0x1139 .
dbghelp , winedump : Added support for 0x113d symbol .
dbghelp , winedump : Added support for symbol 0x113 c.
dbghelp , winedump : Added support for symbol symbol .
winedump : Improved a bit the MS Tool V3 description .
dbghelp :
Now fully reading the leafs as variant for constants .
dbghelp : Added support for real80 ( aka long double ) in inner codeview types .
winedump : Now dumping codeview source line information .
winedump : First stab at dumping the " new " line information out of pdb files .
dbghelp : Rewrote the linetab access so that we do n't need to allocate intermediate information .
dbghelp :
Add support for the newest line number information in pdb files .
msvcrt : Implemented wcsncpy_s .
msvcrt : Implemented splitpath_s .
Erik Inge Bolsø ( 1 ) : kernel32 : Fix PROFILE_Load to handle mac line endings .
Francois Gouget ( 10 ) : kernel32/tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
jscript : Remove spaces before '
' in Wine traces .
jscript :
Add a trailing '
' to a Wine trace .
secur32 : Fix compilation with GNU TLS 1.0.16 .
make_opengl : Avoid the deprecated ' $ # ' construct .
comctl32/tests : FreeMRUList ( NULL ) crashes on Win98 OSR0 .
comctl32/tests :
Do n't crash if adding the tooltip failed .
mshtml/tests :
Add a trailing '
' to an ok ( ) call .
cryptdlg :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
Assorted spelling fixes .
Gerald Pfeifer ( 1 ) : cryptnet : Include stdarg.h .
Hans Leidekker ( 13 ) : rpcrt4 : Add stub implementations for RpcMgmtInqStats and RpcMgmtStatsVectorFree. winhttp : Implement WinHttpCreateUrl. winhttp : Add tests for WinHttpCreateUrl. wininet : Support setting username and password through options .
shlwapi : Fix PathIsValidChar tests that fail on some versions of Windows .
winhttp : Skip notifications that may arrive out of order .
include : Define IRangeList , IIMAPCallback and IIMAPTransport .
inetcomm : Add a stub implementation of IIMAPTransport .
wldap32 : Return an error when ldap_parse_sort_control or ldap_parse_vlv_control is called with NULL control array .
wldap32 : Add tests for ldap_parse_sort_control and make them pass .
wininet : Option INTERNET_OPTION_CALLBACK
is not settable .
wininet : Avoid a crash on certain buffer size queries in HTTP_HttpQueryInfoW.
usp10 : Store glyph mappings and widths in the script cache .
Henri Verbeet ( 44 ) : wined3d : Make sure update_minfilter and update_magfilter are initialized .
wined3d : Destroy FBO entries in the context .
wined3d : Fix a memory leak .
wined3d : Do n't try to draw with unsupported attribute data types .
wined3d : Get rid of the wantsDepthStencilBuffer in IWineD3DSwapChainImpl. wined3d : Add /update the D3DPRESENTFLAG constants .
wined3d : Skip copying the depth stencil if it 's discarded .
wined3d : Merge pshader_hw_map2gl( ) and vshader_hw_map2gl( ) .
wined3d : Use shader_glsl_log ( ) in some more places .
secur32 : Skip schannel tests if schannel is unavailable .
secur32 : Require gnutls for schannel .
secur32 : Basic implementation of schannel AcquireCredentialsHandle / FreeCredentialsHandle .
secur32 : Allocate schannel client credentials .
secur32 : Allow gnutls debug output to be shown .
wined3d : Move part of the shader instruction table to the backend .
wined3d : atifs_shader_backend does n't exist anymore .
wined3d : Make some more ARB program functions private to the backend .
wined3d : Make some more GLSL functions private to the backend .
wined3d : Remove the " Wine 1.0 safety path " .
wined3d : Split SetGlTextureDesc( ) up .
wined3d : Set the texture name at surface creation .
wined3d : Properly handle the offset for compressed surfaces in IWine D3DDeviceImpl_UpdateSurface ( ) .
wined3d :
If a stage is n't mapped to a texture unit , we can't set default coordinates either .
wined3d : Handle texture coordinates the same way we handle other vertex attributes .
wined3d : Enable lights on the correct swapchain .
secur32 : Use ~0UL instead of - 1 for invalid schannel handles .
secur32 : Improve error handling for gnutls_certificate_allocate_credentials ( ) .
secur32 : Forward schannel InitializeSecurityContextA to InitializeSecurityContextW. d3d9 : Use more reasonable texture dimensions .
gdi32 : Call AbortProc from StartDoc instead of EndPage .
comdlg32 : Add a test for AbortProc handling .
wined3d : Print an error when drawStridedSlow ( ) is called with 0 idxSize and non-NULL idxData ( CID 509 ) .
wined3d : Remove a redundant initialization of cfgs in WineD3D_ChoosePixelFormat .
wined3d : Cleanup CreateAdditionalSwapChain error handling a bit ( LLVM / Clang ) .
wined3d : Assign the correct " levels " variable ( LLVM / Clang ) .
wined3d : Remove a redundant initialization of cfgs in CheckDepthStencilCapability ( LLVM / Clang ) .
wined3d : Get rid of some redundant assignments ( LLVM / Clang ) .
wined3d : Set the correct pow2 Matrix for cube textures when NPOT textures are supported .
wined3d : Do n't do GL calls without a context .
wined3d : Correct some swizzles and write masks in arb_program_shader .
wined3d : Make sure some variables are always initialized .
wined3d : Declare diffuseColor and specularColor inside their respective blocks ( LLVM / Clang ) .
wined3d : Pass the correct RECT to LoadLocation ( ) in LockRect ( ) .
ddraw : Remove a few more redundant inits ( LLVM / Clang ) .
Huw Davies ( 9 ) : inetcomm : Start of IMimeMessage_SetOption .
inetcomm : Start of IMimeBody_SetOption .
inetcomm : Charset name comparison should be case insensitive .
inetcomm : Content - Disposition can have parameters .
inetcomm : Implement IMimeBody_IsType(IBT_EMPTY ) .
inetcomm : Add wrapper functions MimeOleFindCharset and MimeOleGetDefaultCharset .
include : Add a missing WINAPI .
rpcrt4 : Actually set an unmarshalled object ptr to NULL when a NULL pointer id is received .
ole32 : Remove an unneeded WINAPI and remove some useless comments .
Jacek Caban ( 151 ) : mshtml : Fixed dynamic properties allocation .
jscript : Added string to number conversion implementation .
jscript : Added Array .push implementation .
jscript : Added Array.join implementation .
jscript : Added Array.toString implementation .
jscript : Added Number constructor implementation .
jscript : Added Number.toString implementation .
jscript : Added Number function implementation .
jscript : Added Array .sort implementation .
jscript : Fixed array literal length calculation .
jscript : Added Array.concat implementation .
jscript : Added Object default value implementation .
jscript : for .. in is not error if in expression is not an object .
jscript : Added Array default value implementation .
jscript : Fixed typo in to_integer .
jscript : Added String .substring implementation .
jscript : Added String.toString implementation .
jscript : Added String.valueOf implementation .
jscript : Added String.slice implementation .
jscript : Added String.charCodeAt implementation .
jscript : Added parseInt implementation .
jscript : Remove no longer used jsdisp_set_prototype .
jscript : Added String constructor implementation .
jscript : Added String default value implementation .
jscript : Added String.concat implementation .
jscript : Added String function implementation .
jscript : Added Math.min implementation .
jscript : Added Math.round implementation .
jscript : Added Math.abs implementation .
jscript : Added Math.max implementation .
jscript : Added Math.pow implementation .
jscript : Added Math.ceil implementation .
jscript : Do n't call IDispatch as constructor .
jscript : Added Function .toString implementation .
jscript : Added Function default value implementation .
jscript : Added RegExp contruction implementation .
jscript : Fixed a typo .
jscript : Added VT_R8 to string conversion implementation .
jscript : Added Number default value implementation .
jscript : Added object to number conversion implementation .
jscript : Split regexp_match function .
jscript : Added String .replace implementation .
jscript : Added String . match implementation for non-regexp arguments .
jscript : Added String.split implementation .
mshtml : Use ActiveScript for JavaScript in file protocol documents .
mshtml : Fixed tests timeout .
shdocvw : Fixed tests on IE5 .
urlmon : Fixed file protocol tests on win9x .
mshtml : Fixed tests on IE7 .
urlmon : Fixed potential null dereference .
mshtml.idl : Added IHTMLTableRow declaration .
mshtml.idl : Added DispHTMLTable declaration .
mshtml.idl : Added DispHTMLTableRow declaration .
mshtml : Added IHTMLTableRow stub implementation .
mshtml : Added IDispatchEx support to HTMLTableRow .
mshtml : Added IDispatchEx support to IHTMLTable .
mshtml : Do n't use IHTMLControlElement in IDispatchEx implementations .
mshtml : Move IHTMLElementCollection to separated file .
mshtml : Use create_collection_from_nodelist in IHTMLElement :: get_children implementation .
mshtml : Use create_all_collection in IHTMLElement :: get_all implementation .
mshtml : Store nsIDOMHTMLTableElement in HTMLTable .
mshtml : Added IHTMLTable :: get_rows implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLTableRow :: get_cells implementation .
mshtml : Ignore IDispatchJS in QueryInterface .
jscript : Optimize GetDispID usage .
jscript : Allocate variables when entering execution context .
jscript : Do n't clear uninitialized variable .
jscript : Added Date constructor object implementation .
jscript : Added IDispatchEx:: GeleteMemberByDispID implementation .
jscript : Added delete expression for EXPRVAL_IDREF implementation .
mshtml.idl : Added IHTMLStyle2 interface declaration .
mshtml : Added IHTMStyle2 stub implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle2 to IDispatchEx support .
mshtml : Added IHTMLElement2::get_currentStyle implementation .
jscript : Do n't initialize variables without initialiser to undefined in variable_list_eval .
jscript : Fixed conflict in Block statement that caused problems with empty blocks .
jscript : Fixed backslash handling in regular expressions .
jscript : Added possibility to run test scripts from file .
mshtml.idl : Added DispHTMLCurrentStyle dispinterface declaration .
mshtml : Added IDispatchEx support to HTMLCurrentStyle .
mshtml : Moved HTMLStyle to separated header file .
mshtml : Use IDs instead of strings in HTMLStyle implementation .
mshtml : Store nsIDOMCSSStyleDeclaration in HTMLCurrentStyle .
mshtml : Added IHTMLCurrentStyle :: get_display implementation .
mshtml : Release nsstyle when destroying HTMLStyle .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle ::[ get|put ] _border implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle ::[ get|put ] _left implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle ::[ get|put ] _cursor implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle ::[ put|get ] _top implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle ::[ get|put]_verticalAlign implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle ::[ get|put ] _height implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle2 ::[ get|put ] _position .
mshtml : Added INVOKE_FUNC support to InvokeEx . mshtml : Fixed handing non-element nodes in IHTMLElementCollection .
mshtml : Added DispHTMLIFrame dispinterface declaration .
msi : Added MsiInstallMissingComponentW stub implementation .
jscript : Added String.indexOf implementation .
jscript : Added a few missing allocation checks ( Coverity ) .
jscript : Fixed compare function check in Array . sort ( Coverity ) .
jscript : Fixed copy&paste bug in disp_propget .
jscript : Fixed list literal length calculation .
jscript : Added Array.pop implementation .
jscript : Fixed numeric escapes unescaping .
jscript : Added encodeURI implementation .
jscript : Added String.split implementation for non-regexp arguments .
mshtml : Added IHTMLElement::get_offsetWidth implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLElement3 stub implementation .
mshtml : Added HTMLIFrame stub implementation .
mshtml : Added IDispatchEx support for HTMLIFrame .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle ::[ get|put ]
_zIndex implementation .
mshtml : Added support for accessing style attributes by CSS syntax .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle ::[ get|put ] _textAlign implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle ::[ get|put ] _filter implementation .
mshtml : Store nsIDOMHTMLDocument in HTMLDocument .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in handle_load .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in get_compatMode .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in createRange .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in get_doc_string .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in set_font_size .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in exec_hyperlink .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in createTextRange .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in HTMLCurrentStyle_Create .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMDocument2::get_all .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLDocument2::get_body .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLDocument2:: put_title .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLDocument2::get_title .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLDocument2 :: write .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLDocument2::createElement .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLDocument2::get_styleSheets .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in createTextNode .
mshtml : Use stored nselem in get_documentElement .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLDocument3::getElementById.
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in prev_node .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLTxtRange :: put_text .
jscript : Added ' %' expression implementation .
jscript : Added '% =' expression implementation .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLTxtRange :: expand .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in exec_indent .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLElement::insertAdjacentHTML.
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLElement::insertAdjacentText .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMOptionElement :: put_text .
mshtml : Use stored nsdoc in IHTMLOptionElementFactory :: create .
mshtml : Get rid of setup_nswindow .
mshtml : Forward IHTMLelement3 ::[ get|put ] _disabled to child object if possible .
mshtml : Added IHTMLElement3 ::[ get|put ] _implementation .
mshtml : Use IHTMLElement3 in IDispatchEx . mshtml : Added IHTMLSelectElement ::[ get|put ] _disabled implementation .
mshtml : Do n't use IDispatchEx for timer callbacks .
mshtml.idl : Added DispCEventObj declaration .
mshtml : Added IDispatchEx support to HTMLEventObj. mshtml : Moved events declaration to separated file .
James Hawkins ( 31 ) : comctl32 : Fix several failing tests in win95 .
comctl32 : Fix a failing test in win95 .
comctl32 : Add a missing newline .
crypt32 : Fix several test failures in win98 .
ntdll : Fix a couple failing tests in NT4 .
oleaut32 : Fix a failing test in win95 .
secur32 : Fix a failing test in win95 .
comctl32 : Fix a failing test in win9x .
msi : Fix several test failures in win9x .
crypt32 : Fix several failing tests in win9x .
comctl32 : Fix a test on locales where default first day of week is not the max value .
msi : Add a stub implementation of MsiDatabaseMerge . msi : Forward MsiDatabaseMergeA to MsiDatabaseMergeW.
msi : Fix a test that fails in win95 .
comctl32 : Only log system messages .
comctl32 : Fix several test failures in win2k .
comctl32 : Only log system messages .
msi : Implement the DROP TABLE sql command .
msi : Resolve file source paths dynamically , as the source directory can be changed .
msi : Remove a break that kept other columns from getting the table name .
msi : Remove the columns in reverse order .
msi :
Add tests for dropping tables with multiple columns .
msi :
Do n't update the table columns if there are no more columns .
msi : Remove a part of a debugging statement that was accidentally left in .
msi :
Add tests for converting record fields between strings and ints .
msi : Add initial implementation of MsiDatabaseMerge , with tests .
msi : Replace lengthy calls to MSI_DatabaseOpenView with MSI_OpenQuery .
msi : Add a stub implementation of MsiDetermineApplicablePatches .
msi :
Add extra constraints on the formatting string of edit path text .
msi : Initialize the count variable to zero .
comctl32 : Fix MCM_SETFIRSTDAYOFWEEK
when the first day set is greater than max allowed .
Jan-Peter Nilsson ( 1 ) : wininet : Fix HTTP_ProcessCookies only processing one cookie .
Jeff Zaroyko ( 2 ) : hhctrl.ocx : Always set WS_OVERLAPPEDWINDOW .
msvcrt : Avoid a NULL pointer deref in ctime .
John Klehm ( 3 ) : wintab32 : Improve tracing of LOGCONTEXT struct .
wintab32 : Handle negative output context range for y - axe .
wintab32 : Send notification when z - order changes .
Joris Huizer ( 1 ) : version / tests : Corrected memset placement .
Juan Lang ( 40 ) : cryptui : Implement CryptUIDlgViewCertificateA on top of CryptUIDlgViewCertificateW. cryptui : Build import lib .
wintrust : Search all additional stores when building a chain , not just the first one .
wintrust :
Store the error status and confidence for each element in the chain .
wintrust : Always initialize CERT_CHAIN_PARA 's RequestedUsage .
wintrust : Use helper function to allocate CRYPT_PROVIDER_DATA .
wintrust :
Use helper function to add the trust steps to execute .
wintrust :
Only do policy check if pointer is set .
wintrust : Check that the end certificate in the chain is n't disallowed to match native behavior .
wintrust : Support the CERT_CERTIFICATE_ACTION_VERIFY action .
cryptdlg : Implement CertViewPropertiesA on top of CertViewPropertiesW. cryptdlg : Implement CertViewPropertiesW on top of CryptUIDlgViewCertificateW. cryptdlg : Implement CertTrustInit. cryptdlg : Implement CertTrustFinalPolicy .
include : Add definition of CRYPTUI_DISABLE_ISSUERSTATEMENT .
wintrust : Map cert trust error status to a windows error .
wintrust : Use helper function for setting confidence in SoftpubCheckCert .
wintrust :
Only set the error on the root element of the chain .
secur32 : Fix test failure with neither gnutls nor ntlm_auth available .
inetmib1 : Skip tests if a portion of inetmib1 is n't implemented .
wintrust : Add stub for WTHelperGetKnownUsages .
wintrust : Add tests for WTHelperGetKnownUsages .
wintrust : Implement WTHelperGetKnownUsages .
wintrust : Implement OpenPersonalTrustDBDialog .
wininet :
Trace the cache file entry 's local file name rather than the passed - in cache entry info's local file name , as the caller may have passed a NULL pointer .
wininet : Do n't call URL_LocalFileNameToPathA when asked for a unicode string and URL_LocalFileNameToPathW fails .
wininet : Fix trace typo .
cryptnet :
Do n't access URL cache entry before it 's been read .
cryptnet :
Set cache expiration time of objects that have an expiration time to the object 's expiration time , rather than relying on the HTTP Expires header .
wintrust : Implement CryptSIPGetSignedDataMsg for .cat files .
crypt32 : Implement CryptSIPRetrieveSubjectGuid for .cat files .
wintrust :
Do n't hardcode supported OIDs , let CryptDecodeObject handle it directly .
crypt32 : Fix test failures on NT4 .
crypt32 : Fix some chain failures on Win9x / NT4 .
crypt32 : Remove an error that no longer fails .
crypt32 : Fix error handling for cyclic chains .
wintrust : Fix test failures on Win9x .
inetmib1 : Fix some test failures on Win9x / NT4 .
inetmib1 : Fix remaining failure on Win9x / NT4 .
crypt32 : Fix some test failures on Win9x .
Kai Blin ( 2 ) : secur32 : Make GetComputerObjectName( A|W ) tests work on win2k3 domains .
dplayx :
Set tests to " interactive " to avoid timing out on all machines .
Kirill K. Smirnov ( 1 ) : oleaut32 : Add tests for metafiles , make them pass under Wine .
Kjell Rune Skaaraas ( 1 ) : wined3d : Implement IWineD3DResourceImpl_GetPriority and IWineD3DResourceImpl_SetPriority for resource management .
Konstantin Kondratyuk ( 2 ) : fonts : Add afii61352 into tahoma.sfd .
fonts : Add afii61352 into tahomabd.sfd .
Lei Zhang ( 11 ) : winspool : Check the return results from schedule_* functions .
gdiplus : Allocate enough space for BITMAPINFO in GdipCreateTextureIA.
gdiplus :
Free memory on a failure .
gdiplus : Allocate enough space for BITMAPINFO in GdipBitmapLockBits .
gdiplus : Allocate enough space for BITMAPINFO in GdipBitmapUnlockBits .
gdiplus : Allocate enough space for BITMAPINFO in GdipLoadImageFromStream .
comctl32 : Avoid a divide by zero in listview .
regedit : Use W version of TreeView_GetItem .
regedit : Check return values , do n't request unneeded value which always fails .
regedit : Make branch export behavior work more like native regedit .
regedit : Pass VK_DELETE messages to Listview / Treeview child windows .
Louis Lenders ( 2 ) : shdocvw : Create default App Paths key for iexplore .
exe .
msi : Add stub for MsiSetExternalUIRecord .
Maarten Lankhorst ( 7 ) : quartz : Implement IMediaPosition::put_CurrentPosition .
quartz : Add missing calls to EndFlush .
quartz :
Do n't abort starting for unconnected pin in avi splitter .
quartz : Return VFW_E_WRONG_STATE
in file source if flushing .
quartz : Requeue in pullpin if request for data timed out .
dsound :
Fix volume and panning for primary buffer .
winealsa.drv :
Do n't hang on last few bytes not played .
Marcus Meissner ( 6 ) : jscript : Fixed crash in run test .
jscript : Fix number conversion in non-English locales .
msi/tests : Fix explicit C:\\Program Files\\ references .
msi : Fix potential uninitialized use of substg .
gdiplus :
Also handle 32 bpp bitmaps .
advapi32 : Check for NULL ptr. Michael Karcher ( 12 ) : msxml3/tests : Clean up test_removeChild .
msxml3 : removeChild can only delete direct children .
msxml3 : Fail a bit earlier on removeChild ( ..., NULL , ... ) .
msxml3 : Simplify IXMLDOMNode ::removeChild .
msxml3 : Parameter validation for IXMLDOMNode :: replaceChild and tests .
msxml3/tests : Valgrind fix .
msxml3 : Basic implementation of IXMLDOMNode :: replaceChild .
msxml3 : replaceNode accepts IXMLDOMElement instead of IXMLDOMNode .
msxml3 : Handle all variant types in IXMLDOMDocument :: createNode .
msxml3 : Revert " Simplify IXMLDOMNode ::removeChild " .
msxml3 : _domtext ->element is in fact a IXMLDOMNode .
msxml3 : Text node should not aggregate element .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 28 ) : oleaut32/tests : Remove redundant NULL check before SysFreeString ( Smatch ) .
jscript : Remove redundant NULL check before SysFreeString ( Smatch ) .
msxml3/tests : Remove redundant NULL check before SysFreeString ( Smatch ) .
oleaut32 : Remove redundant NULL check before SysFreeString ( Smatch ) .
shlwapi/tests : Remove redundant NULL check before SysFreeString ( Smatch ) .
oleaut32/tests : Fix printf format warning .
shell32 : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
ole32 : Use the right FAILED / SUCCEEDED macro instead of negating the opposite .
qmgr : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
quartz :
Use the right FAILED / SUCCEEDED macro instead of negating the opposite .
ddraw / tests : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
urlmon / tests : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
mshtml/tests : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
d3d9/tests : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
shlwapi : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
dplayx : Use SUCCEEDED instead of !
FAILED .
qcap :
Use the right FAILED / SUCCEEDED macro instead of negating the opposite .
shdocvw : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
comctl32 : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
dxdiagn : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
d3dxof : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
winefile : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
msxml3/tests : Use SUCCEEDED instead of !
FAILED .
itss/tests : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
winecfg : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
msi :
Use the right FAILED / SUCCEEDED macro instead of negating the opposite .
oleaut32 : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
shell32/tests : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED . Muneyuki Noguchi ( 22 ) : regedit : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
wineboot : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
winefile : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
taskmgr : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
winecfg : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
wordpad : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
winhlp32 : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
notepad : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
avifil32 : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
setupapi : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
shell32 : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
user32 : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
wineps.drv : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
wininet : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
comctl32 : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
msacm32 : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
oledlg : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
serialui : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
shlwapi : Use " MS Shell Dlg " 9 in Japanese resources .
write : Add Japanese resources .
reg : Add Japanese resources .
mshtml : Add Japanese resources .
Nikolay Sivov ( 7 ) : gdiplus : Stub for GdipSetPathGradientBlend .
gdiplus : Implement GdipGetTextureTransform with test .
gdiplus : Implemented GdipSetTextureTransform with tests .
gdiplus : Implemented GdipResetTextureTransform .
gdiplus : Implemented GdipSetClipRect/GdipSetClipRectI. gdiplus : Implemented GdipSetClipPath .
gdiplus : Stubs for GdipIsVisiblePoint/ GdipIsVisiblePointI. Paul Vriens ( 39 ) : kernel32/tests : Use skip instead of trace .
kernel32/tests : Skip some tests on win9x .
kernel32/tests : Fix tests on NT4 .
kernel32/tests :
Make sure we can remove a test directory .
kernel32/tests : Add extra tests for SetCurrentDirectory .
ddraw / tests :
Fix a test on a Win98 box .
dsound / tests : Fix failure on Win9x and NT4 .
userenv /tests : Do n't crash on NT4 .
ntdll / tests : Use skip and add a FreeLibrary .
ntdll / tests :
Show that we are skipping tests .
ntdll / tests :
Show that we are skipping tests .
imm32/tests : Skip tests when IME support is not implemented .
kernel32/tests :
Add a skip .
kernel32/tests :
Add a skip .
comctl32/tests :
Do n't crash on some win9x boxes .
gdi32/tests :
Fix a few failures on win9x .
kernel32/tests : Fix the remaining errors on win95 .
kernel32/tests :
Fix some failures on win9x .
kernel32/tests :
Add some skips to fix failures on WinMe. kernel32/tests :
We need the return value .
kernel32/tests : Fix failures on WinMe. user32/tests : Run tests on win95 again .
user32/tests : Fix failures on W2 K and below .
kernel32/tests :
Add a missing newline .
advapi2/tests : Compare instead of assign .
inetmib1/tests : Compare instead of assign .
msxml3/tests : Compare instead of assign .
shell32/tests : Compare instead of assign .
gdi32/tests : Skip some tests on Win9x / WinMe. shlwapi/tests : Do n't crash on NT4 .
wininet / tests : Do n't crash on W2 K and below .
lz32/tests : Change a trace into a skip .
ole32/tests : Fix two failures on NT4 .
shell32/tests : Fix a failure on NT4 .
wintrust / tests : Vista / W2K8 have some extra struct members .
user32/tests : Do n't crash on NT4 .
winmm/tests : Fix the failures on Win9x and WinMe. winmm / tests : Fix some failures on Vista and W2K8 .
spoolss / tests : Fix a failure on Vista / W2K8 .
Philip Nilsson ( 1 ) : configure : Add i486 - mingw to the cross -compiler prefixes .
Piotr Caban ( 9 ) : msxml3 : Change order of interface recognition and fix typo .
msxml3 : Fix xmlnode_get_xml to work properly with XML_DOCUMENT_NODE .
msxml3/test :
Add test for ISAXXMLReader_parse ( passing XMLDOMDocument as argument ) .
msxml : Partial implementation of ISAXXMLReader_putProperty .
msxml : Fix implementation of ISAXContentHandler_characters .
msxml : Rewrite ISAXContentHandler_characters .
msxml : Fix parsing <.../> elements .
msxml : Added ISAXLexicalHandler_comment event . msxml : Added CDATA related events handling .
Reece Dunn ( 1 ) : kernel32 : Be more verbose when reporting the sync test failures .
Rob Shearman ( 58 ) : include : Add DShellFolderViewEvents to shldisp.idl .
rpcrt4 : Do n't call VirtualFree with MEM_RELEASE and non -zero size .
msvcrt :
Fix mutual exclusion over logical or is always a non-zero constant .
msvcrt : Fix testing zero-valued expression with bitwise and in find_best_locale_proc .
msvcmaker : Define USE_COMPILER_EXCEPTIONS
and HAVE_SPAWNVP .
msvcmaker :
Fix the arguments passed to winebuild to generate the .def file .
msvcmaker :
Fix the generated filename for the spec file for modules with extensions other than .dll .
msvcmaker :
Fix generated imports for Wine modules and link with delayed imports .
msvcmaker : Factor out some common settings .
msvcmaker : Add HAVE _* defines for some types present in the MSVC build environment .
msvcmaker : Update the HAVE _* defines for headers in the generated config.h file .
msvcmaker : Remove the defining of __ASM_SHORT and __ASM_STRING in the generated config.h file .
msvcmaker : Update the function list for which HAVE _* defines are written into config.h. msvcmaker :
Add support for building wine .
lib .
msvcmaker :
Fix invocation of winebuild to generate compatible .def files .
msvcmaker : Generate .h files from .idl files specified in IDL_H_SRCS makefile rules .
msvcmaker : Generate include project and make every wine module depend on it .
msvcmaker : Fix detection of static libraries .
msvcmaker : Define _USE_MATH_DEFI
NES so that M_PI and other constants are defined when including < math.h>. urlmon :
Fix race in protocol tests .
ole32 : Create a dummy window for use in the drag and drop API tests .
ole32 : Fix clipboard test failures on some versions of Windows .
winebuild : Declare fatal_error and fatal_perror as non-returning functions .
uxtheme : SetPropW returns a BOOL not an HRESULT .
shlwapi :
Use an error code instead of - 1 for signalling prefix not being found in URL_GuessScheme .
d3d9 : Fix incorrect ordering of brackets in IDirect3DVertexShader9Impl_GetDevice .
avifil32 : Fix type of variable used to store the result of ICCompress in AVIFILE_EncodeFrame .
oledlg :
Fix the type of ret in UIINSERTOBJECTDLG_PopulateObjectTypes.
avifil32 : Fix treating the return values of mmio* functions as HRESULTs instead of MMRESULTs .
d3d8 : Fix incorrect ordering of brackets in IDirect3DVertexShader8Impl_GetDevice .
comcat : Fix mixing of HRESULT and LSTATUS types in COMCAT_CLSID_IEnumGUID_Next , COMCAT_IEnumCATEGORYINFO_Next and COMCAT_CATID_IEnumGUID_Next .
advapi32 : Output the last error when services tests fail .
cabinet : Check buffer size before copying in NONEfdi_decomp .
include : Define DD_OK to S_OK instead of 0 . include : Wrap uses of u_* types in ws2tcpip.h with WS ( ) macro .
winhttp : Fix compilation with MinGW / MSVC .
urlmon : Compare HRESULT value explicitly against S_OK instead of using an implicit != 0 comparison .
wininet : Compare HRESULT values explicitly against S_OK instead of using an implicit != 0 comparison .
winedos : Compare HRESULT value explicitly against S_OK instead of using an implicit != 0 comparison .
quartz :
Do n't use strlenW in array size declaration .
quartz : Fix placement of WINAPI attribute in fnFoundSeek typedef .
wininet : Make WININET_AllocHandle 64 - bit safe by using the correct type in the sizeof expression .
include : Generate error codes with correct type in urlmon.idl .
oleaut32 : Make the code in copy_to_variant and copy_from_variant more portable .
wininet : Add tests for InternetTimeFromSystemTimeW with insufficient buffer .
wininet : Fix behaviour of InternetTimeFromSystemTimeA/ W when a buffer that is too small is passed in .
wininet : Move internet time tests from http.c to internet .c .
Add configure check for dirent.h and readdir .
d3d8/9 : Use WINED3D_OK instead of D3D_OK in vertexshader .c. wininet : Return error codes explicitly from URLCache functions instead of returning a BOOL and storing the error code in the last error value .
wininet : Fix GetUrlCacheEntryInfoA/W when a NULL lpCacheEntryInfo parameter is passed in .
wininet : Add tests for passing invalid parameters into InternetTimeFromSystemTimeA/W. wininet : Fix behaviour of InternetTimeFromSystemTimeA/ W when dealing with invalid parameters .
wininet : Validate parameters passed to RetrieveUrlCacheEntryInfoA /W. wininet : Get rid of rc variable in InternetReadFile_test .
wininet : Fix crash when calling HttpQueryInfoA / W( HTTP_QUERY_RAW_HEADERS ) before any response has been received from a server .
msvcmaker :
Do n't generate project files for DLLs that can't be compiled with MSVC .
msvcmaker :
Do n't automatically add a define for the DLL name .
Roderick Colenbrander ( 7 ) : wined3d : Re-add a comment which got lost .
wined3d : UpdateSurface should take into account the offset from the source rectangle .
opengl32 : Do n't run wgl tests on old gl drivers .
opengl32 : Add some driver traces to the tests .
opengl32 : Remove some tests which cause issues on win9x .
opengl32 : Merge recent opengl extensions and prepare for opengl 3.0 .
opengl32 : Add a test case for WGL_ARB_create_context /opengl3 .
Stefan Dösinger ( 1 ) : wined3d : Initialize standalone surface parameters .
Stefan Leichter ( 1 ) : winscard : Add stubs for SCardAddReaderToGroupA/W. Ulrich Czekalla ( 1 ) : shell32 : Revert c1f2824429286dd60 fac723611b801e67eb745b1 .
It caused poor performance .
Vincent Povirk ( 2 ) : shell32/ tests : Accept delays in getting ABN_POSCHANGED notifications .
user32 : Handle undocumented WM_POPUPSYSTEMMENU
message .
Vitaliy Margolen ( 3 ) : user32/tests : Use empty_message_queue with timeouts .
user32/tests :
Make it easier to identify failed tests .
user32/tests :
Move shell test to the end - killing explorer affects lots of tests .
Vitaly Lipatov ( 1 ) : include / ddk : Fix include path and include guard name .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
Hehindeedy .
" You 'd have to go to Kos 's place or Blue Texan 's to find this level of [ historical illiteracy ] on any sort of regular basis . " -- Putz
The evolutionary tradeoff between becoming a bigger fighter or lover could lead to new species among dung beetle populations .
Male beetles may not transform in the blink of an eye , but natural selection seems to have driven rapid evolution in the size of their fighting horns — and their reproductive tools — during a time period of just 50 years in one newly studied case .
" As horns get bigger , copulatory organs get smaller , or vice versa , " said Armin Moczek , an evolutionary biologist at Indiana University - Bloomington .
" What was not known was how frequently and how fast this can occur in nature , and whether this can drive the evolution of new species . "
Making tradeoffs
Moczek and fellow researcher Harald Parzer examined four geographically separate populations of a horned dung beetle species called Onthophagus taurus .
They found that the relative investment made by each beetle population into horns and genitalia could differ by more than three times the average investment for the overall species .
The different sizes reflect a strategy of making investments with limited resources into either horns or genitalia .
If beetles live in low - density environments where fighting is common , males with larger horns and smaller genitalia may find the most success in winning mates .
But if fighting is less common , having larger genitalia at the expense of horn size may prove best .
Such tradeoffs between certain characteristics are an " ancient and still poorly understood issue in biology , " Moczek told LiveScience .
Biologists are not surprised that secondary sexual characteristics such as horns can drive change in the primary sexual characteristic , or the genitalia , but only two previous studies had hinted at this in action .
Size matters ?
Evolutionary biologists think that such changes in genitalia size and shape can eventually lead to new species , when individuals from different populations become sexually incompatible .
The size of genitalia tends to resist evolutionary change in order to preserve a species ' identity , but evolutionary pressure on the dung beetle horns has forced the changes in genitalia as well .
" We proposed that maybe these tradeoffs are an avenue that forces species in directions they would n't go with otherwise with genitalia , " Moczek said .
Individuals in most species do not choose mates based on a " size matters " mentality toward genitalia , so the tradeoff between the two characteristics also provides a mechanism to explain the link between genitalia and origin of species .
Moczek and Parzer looked at 10 other related beetle species and found similar variety in horn and genitalia sizes , which suggests that the same natural selection pressures continue to work after species have split off .
" If this is all it takes to change genitalia , it may be easier to make new species than we thought , " Moczek said .
Getting around
The O. taurus dung beetle originated in Italy , but has spread to other parts of the world to live in far - flung populations .
Humans introduced the dung beetles to Australia in the 1960s as competitors to ward off swarms of flies that hover over cow manure , and the beetles became so beloved there that Moczek found himself universally welcomed down under because of his research .
" When I mentioned I was working on dung beetles , I immediately had a beer in my hand and a place to stay , " Moczek recalled .
The beetles also showed up unannounced in the United States during the 1960s .
The separate beetle populations in the United States , Italy , and western and eastern Australia now allow biologists to see what evolutionary changes have occurred within the past 50 years — and perhaps figure out where the beetles might go next .
NASA on Monday chose a University of Colorado proposal for a $ 485 - million US mission to Mars , nine months after a conflict of interest derailed the original selection process .
NASA chose the University of Colorado 's proposal to study the Martian atmosphere from 20 other ideas to study Mars that were trimmed to just two before a conflict of interest was declared .
The delay raised price of the probe by $ 10 million US , postponed the launch by two years and cut the science - gathering portion of the mission in half to one year , a NASA official said .
NASA has not disclosed what the conflict of interest was or who it involved , other than to say last year that it was not created by NASA but by one of the two groups .
The space agency said last December that a " serious " conflict of interest in one of two proposals forced it to disband the board formed to pick the winner , and create a new panel to award the contract .
NASA on Monday said there is no more conflict of interest because the two finalists submitted new proposals and " the conflict in the original reports was irrelevant to the evaluation and the selection decision . "
Officials maintained they still cannot disclose details because it involved " proprietary information . "
That information has been destroyed , NASA said .
Bruce Jakosky , associate director for the Colorado lab and principal investigator for the mission , said the conflict was not with the Colorado proposal .
The other finalist was the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio .
In December , a Southwest spokesman declined to comment on the delay or questions about the conflict ; that group could not be reached for comment after business hours on Monday .
The Mars Scout program had originally been scheduled for 2011 launch .
But since Mars only comes close enough to Earth to launch probes every 26 months , NASA had to postpone the mission to 2013 .
The mission will focus on the Martian atmosphere , how it evolved and lost its water , becoming the desolate place it is now .
Because of the delay , the science mission will be cut from two years to one , Jakosky told the Associated Press .
That 's because the probe will be launched later in the solar cycle and after one year in orbit there will be considerably fewer solar events to study .
But the science will still get done , he said .
" We 're trying to learn the history of the atmosphere and the history of the water , " Jakosky said .
And that is done by studying how the sun and Martian atmosphere interact now .
The probe will carry instruments to measure characteristics of Mars ' atmospheric gases , upper atmosphere , solar wind , and ionosphere — a layer of charged particles high in the Martian atmosphere .
In 2002 and 2003 , the Bush administration knew something about the media that the media still do n't fully understand about themselves .
If you 're in a position of power and you want to say something , just say it , no matter what , and the media will repeat it and repeat it .
Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction to speak of ?
No matter .
Just say he did .
He was n't six months away from nuclear capability ?
So what — just assert that he was .
He was n't tied to 9 - 11 , there was no famous Prague meeting ?
No problem .
Suggest there might have been .
Muddy it up .
Good enough .
Bush and co. knew that the media are constitutionally unequipped to call a lie a lie .
People in the media like to flatter themselves as truth - tellers and the people 's watchdogs and all that , but the fact is that except in very rare circumstances , there 's no such thing as " objective truth " in the media , particularly the political media .
There 's just what one side says and what the other side says .
This is especially so on cable television .
The Bush people manipulated this .
But the McCain campaign has taken it to extremes that make even Dick Cheney look like a wallflower .
The number and intensity of outright lies , even for jaded observers , is just staggering .
There 's Sarah Palin 's lies about the bridge and earmarks .
There 's an unbelievable one I mentioned yesterday about Obama 's alleged opposition to combat systems .
There 's the flatly false assertion to middle - class audiences that Obama will raise their taxes , even though his tax plan does no such thing .
Now there 's this incredible McCain education ad that tries to argue that Obama wants to pervert kindergartners .
The legislation , in Illinois , was in fact designed to allow local school boards to teach " age appropriate " sex education – and to teach children about how to identify sexual predators !
And then there 's this silly pig - lipstick business , which I would n't even dignify by mentioning except that , obvious as it was that Obama was talking about McCain and not Palin , the McCain camp has now created something called the " Palin Truth Squad " that was formed to push the lie that Obama was talking about Palin .
I 'll say that again : a " truth squad " created for the express purpose of pushing a lie .
And where is the truth squad of the press , the people 's watchdogs ?
Mostly enjoying the show , hyping the " mudslinging " between the two sides , which of course " both sides " are guilty of .
Nonsense .
Obama and Biden distort certain things about McCain 's record – that whole 100 years in Iraq business is a stretch .
But McCain did say it , so it 's only a stretch , not a fabrication .
McCain and Palin are engaged in serial total fabrications .
And almost no one calls them on it .
The New York Times , which found the space to run a puffy piece on Palin 's family on its front page the other day , has n't found similar space to run a story under a headline like , " McCain - Palin Claims Stretch Credulity , Some Say . "
CBS and CNN have finally gotten around to running reports that pretty much state outright that Palin is lying about the bridge .
ABC's Jake Tapper plainly called out the " truth squad " on the lipstick story .
McClatchy did a strong fact - check of the McCain education ad .
But for the most part , the media treats it all as entertainment , a matter of which side has seized the offensive .
The McCain team knows all this .
So they consciously promote lies , knowing that no real mechanism exists to stop them from doing so .
The Obama team should have been doing a stronger job of push - back these last few days .
It was only after Obama himself said Palin was lying about the bridge that a few media outlets started pursuing that angle .
That 's how the game is played , and the McCain strategy will be a test of their ability to hit back fast and hard .
But this race is now a test of the media too .
You'd think after being told in the run-up to the Iraq war a bushel of things that did n't end up being true that they printed anyway , they'd have given some thought to the question of how not to let themselves be manipulated like that again .
But it is happening again , and the media are getting played in exactly the same way .
And what does all this say about John McCain ?
In 2000 , when he was running against George Bush in the South Carolina primary , he was smeared by outright lies charging among other things that he'd fathered an out - of - wedlock black child .
The man who " directed communications " for Bush 's 2000 South Carolina effort was Tucker Eskew .
McCain confidants have long held Eskew partly responsible for those smears .
Last week , McCain hired him , to staff up Palin .
That just about says all we need to know about today 's McCain .
Now let me ask you .
What is more revealing of a candidate 's " character " :
The fact that a candidate used a phrase as old as the hills , a phrase the other candidate himself has used ( see Jake Tapper above ) , or the fact that a candidate would hire someone he once regarded as having helped spread vile innuendo about him and his family ?
Deeper and deeper we go into the hall of mirrors …
DIGG THIS
There are those who still think they are holding the pass against a revolution that may be coming up the road .
But they are gazing in the wrong direction .
The revolution is behind them .
~ Garet Garrett , The Revolution Was ( 1938 )
The seamless integration of the military and law enforcement into a single “ Internal Security Force ” is the defining characteristic of a fully realized police state .
Once this fusion is accomplished , the question becomes not “ whether ” a police state exists , but rather how acute its institutional violence against the subject population will become .
That condition now exists in the country that still calls itself — without any apparent irony — the United States of America .
Much alarm has been raised over the admittedly alarming news that beginning October 1 , the U.S. Army ’s Northern Command will deploy a specialized , combat - tested unit as an “ on - call federal response force for natural or manmade emergencies and disasters , including terrorist attacks . ”
This “ dwell - time ” domestic deployment of the 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team will permit its soldiers to “ use some of the [ skills ] they acquired in the war zone ” to deal with “ civil unrest and crowd control or to deal with potentially horrific scenarios such as massive poisoning and chaos in response to a chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear or high - yield explosive , or CBRNE , attack . ”
In the context of our descent into rank imperial corruption , this small but significant development could be seen by some as the moment our rulers crossed the Rubicon .
But that metaphorical boundary has been in our rear - view mirror for quite some time .
Admittedly , there is something quite ominous about the news that “ homeland tours ” are expected to become a routine part of the rotation of soldiers tasked to carry out missions for those who command Washington ’s Empire .
The Homeland Security apparatus is a recombinant organism , engineered from multiple strands of institutional authoritarianism .
The process began in earnest in the late 1960s with the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration ; the chimera has grown in power and malignancy because of the generation - long , trillion - dollar exercise in murderous cynicism called the “ War on Drugs . ”
Indeed , it was in the context of this “ war ” that exceptions began to be carved out of the Posse Comitatus Act , which was intended to prevent the fusion of military and law enforcement functions within the United States .
The cultivation of a huge population of official informants added another critical element to the metastasizing organism of official tyranny .
The Drug War likewise introduced Americans to the variety of official larceny called “ civil asset forfeiture , ” through which police and Sheriff ’s departments nation - wide were turned into roving bands of officially protected highway robbers .
The corruption of local law enforcement into federal welfare whores was an indispensable step toward the synthesis of a distinctly American police state .
Although we ’re constantly told that “ everything changed ” on September 11 , the actual impact of The Day That ( Supposedly ) Changed Everything was to add a highly potent nutrient into the growth medium in which the Beast was already flourishing .
This merely accelerated a process that was already well advanced .
Consider , as just one illustration , a series of Presidential Decision Directives , issued by Bill Clinton in his second term , that deal with the integration of the military with civilian law enforcement to deal with terrorist incidents involving Weapons of Mass Destruction or catastrophic natural disasters .
Apart from a few hidebound constitutionalists and easily - maligned Y2 K “ alarmists , ” nobody objected to this new intimacy between the military and civilian police .
Then again , nobody had become concerned over the proliferation of military - trained SWAT and tactical teams , or the creation , in 1995 , of the Pentagon ’s Law Enforcement Support Organization ( LESO ) , through which police and Sheriff ’s departments could receive military hardware of any kind they desired at concessionary prices , “ as if they were a DoD [ Department of Defense ] organization , ” in the words of the program ’s official pitchman .
The results of this … well , call it a “ guided evolution ” of the law enforcement system , were entirely predictable .
“ I served in the U.S. military and after I got out I ended up becoming a cop in 2002 , ” recalls Bill , who was Battalion Soldier of the Year in 1999 and “ Top Gun ” in his police academy class .
Bill shared his experiences in reaction to a podcast I recently did with Lew Rockwell examining the emergence of America ’s unitary , militarized Homeland Security state .
At the time he joined the force , many of the veterans “ were old school , having started in law enforcement before I was born .
They were tough but fair .
They treated people with respect . ”
However , the “ old school ” officers “ were forced out of the department [ and it ] took on a military feel , ” Bill continues .
“ You were expected to take [ a ] `just follow orders and obey the [ department administration attitude ] , no matter what , regardless if it was constitutional or not .
The amount of force used during arrests went through the roof . ”
This militarized mindset — the notion that the job of police was to compel “ civilians ” to submit to state authority — had a tangible impact in terms of the promiscuous use of the “ non-lethal ” Taser weapon .
“ When I first started we had a couple M26 Tasers of we needed them , but most people either left them at the PD or in their patrol cars , ” Bill relates .
They were useful in a handful of instances involving armed , deranged people , and when used in those circumstances “ they do save lives . ”
However , once the Taser was in use , police started to use them as instruments of “ pain compliance ” : “ Anytime anyone did anything that was not compliant , out came the Taser . ”
“ The tactics the SWAT team was using were also becoming more like the military , ” Bill laments .
“ We even got a military Humvee .
We were now wearing BDUs and carrying fully automatic machine guns and wearing the same body armor as soldiers were in Iraq .
All of our 870 Remington shotguns were removed from the patrol cars and replaced with full - automatic H&K - made G36 machine guns — to the protest of all the patrol officers , mind you .
If anyone spoke out they were `dealt with . ’
In the course of 3 years they went through over 50 patrol officers .
And this is a department with only about 47 officers total . ”
While military hardware was being forced on recalcitrant officers , those willing to carry out their assigned roles were being used to disarm civilians as the opportunity presented itself :
“ People were having their weapons confiscated for `safe keeping ’ during traffic stops .
[ My home state ] is a rural state that relies heavily on hunting for income .
Everyone has a gun here .
Even my 88 - year - old grandma carries one in her purse ( yes , she has a CC permit ) .
So to take someone ’s guns you had better have a damn good reason , not just because they have a gun in their car and it ’s after 9 PM . ”
After witnessing this long train of official abuses , “ many of us spoke out . ”
Those who did so “ were then run through the cleaners . ”
Bill recounts an effort by the department administration to extort perjured testimony from him against a shift Sergeant who had condemned the department ’s corruption .
Those who spoke out against corruption — which included prosecutors and judges — “ were either fired unlawfully or quit . ”
In August 2007 , after five and a half years on the force , Bill finally reached his frustration threshold and quit .
The sinkhole of dictatorial abuse and Sicilian corruption described by Bill is a small community in South Dakota — that haven of sober Midwestern rectitude whose citizens are n’t afflicted with a state income tax .
If it ’s this bad in the green wood , what ’s it like in the dry ?
Well , according to Bill , “ these abuses do , sadly , happen in almost every town in America . ”
The process Bill describes is a peculiar type of alembic , distilling the worst elements from a recruiting pool to serve in local police forces .
Rather than retaining people of character and principle , the process selects for the officious , the self - satisfied , the opportunistic , and especially for those fixated on power .
Martin , who likewise shared his experience in reaction to the Lew Rockwell podcast , is a former Marine .
As he was processed out of the Corps he was pitched by a recruiter for the LAPD .
Although he had no interest in the job , he was interested — and more than a bit alarmed — by what he learned about the ease with which former military personnel can become “ civilian ” police , and the eagerness of the LAPD to absorb military veterans into its ranks .
Recruiters “ told us how they ’d worked with command elements so that a Marine could go through LAPD academy while still in the service — meaning a seamless transition to police work from military life , ” Martin reports .
Probably the “ scariest ” element of military recruitment , Martin says , is that “ for basic officer positions a series of mental testing and psychological testing was not necessary .
It is feasible for a Marine to get back to the states from a deployment to Iraq , get out of the military , and then start patrolling the streets of LA in a matter of a few months . ”
“ Police work is the easiest and most lucrative thing for a former Marine or military person to transfer to , especially us infantry kids who received no real job training while in the military , ” Martin concludes .
“ To us police work is the closest civilian equivalent of the patrolling that we did in Iraq .
I think it is safe to assume that the more `grunts ’ we make and give combat experience the more militarized our police departments will become . ”
Running through this entire story we can find a microscopically thin thread of hope in the reluctance of at least some military and police personnel to serve the Regime ’s apparatus of repression .
But the generational trends
Bill describes will only grow worse as a law enforcement assimilates veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have on the mindset of tomorrow ’s police recruits .
In his fascinating Iraq war account Generation Kill , Evan Wright describes his experiences as a reporter embedded in one of the first Marine units to invade Iraq in 2003 .
One lieutenant , describing the “ Gen X ” and “ Gen Y ” youngsters fighting in Iraq , observed that during World War II , when the Marines hit the beaches in the Pacific campaign , " a surprisingly high percentage of them did n’t fire their weapons , even when faced with direct enemy contact .
Not these guys .
Did you see what they did to that town ?
They f*****g destroyed it .
These guys have no problem with killing . ”
No problem with killing .
Our sin nature notwithstanding , any typical human being has exceptionally strong inhibitions where taking another life is concerned .
This internal restraint can be subverted by a process of self - seduction in the service of some illicit design ; it can be undermined by severe emotional or psychological trauma .
For those in the military , it is nullified through patient , deliberate indoctrination — and even then , the psychological impediment to homicide still re-asserts itself for many in the military .
But “ Generation Kill ” includes more than a few young men produced by a deeply nihilistic popular culture who have exceptionally few compunctions about killing .
When they are recruited into law enforcement , they will retain both the mindset and muscle - memory of trained , remorseless killers .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
UPDATE : Jennifer Hudsons Family Murdered .
William Balfour is serving life in prison for murdering three members of actress - singer Jennifer Hudsons family on the South Side in 2008 .
Now , Balfour is speaking publicly for the first time to the ABC7 I - Team .
Jennifer Hudson Thinks American Idol Should End
The murders received worldwide attention .
William Balfour was Jennifer Hudsons brother - in - law at the time and he was arrested right away – the day of the killings .
So he was never confronted by relatives or reporters , and he never testified at his trial .
So when he offered to talk for the first time , the ABC7 I - Team came with a list of tough questions .
A jury found that on Oct. 24 , 2008 , Balfour shot and killed Hudsons mother and brother in their Englewood home and abducted her 7 - year - old nephew in a jealous rage .
The youngster was found shot to death in a stolen SUV .
Police said the keys were found in Balfour ’s pocket .
And witnesses said they had seen Balfour with a distinctive chrome and black pistol like the one used in the murders .
Clash of Super Powers in an Age of Global Conflict
Clash of the Super Powers in an Age of Global Conflict
by Mark Rais
Three powers now flex for rule in our modern world .
The world has not experienced this type of struggle since the 1930s , when unyielding socio-political ideologies spawned by ambitious leaders began to drive daily events .
The danger of this rising struggle is that it will forcibly engage nations and people in a power game that may be neither favourable , nor resolvable .
To identify the primary players , it is essential to correlate current military engagements with the changes in social and economic climate , and specific actions of nations that influence this climate .
It is also imperative to understand that the rise of the new super powers is directly an outcome of the policies and monetary tactics of world leaders .
Three Powers Flexing for Dominion
The most evident power of the world is in control of monetary systems and major global institutions .
This is the Western Power system .
Many of its nations now experience political , social , and economic turmoil as new powers exert greater influence .
Western nations also face increasing instability as a result of their leaders ’ ineffectual reactions to this drain of power .
Some leaders now forgo long term stabilising strategies to instead focus on short term empowerment .
This inevitably accelerates the overall decline .
The second power is the rising force that drives the growth and development of many Muslim nations .
Bear in mind that this is not directly related to Muslims and their practice of faith .
It is more a manifestation of individual leaders who use this as a tool for power .
They are rapidly gaining influence through out the world , and forming new systems based on distinct culture and ideology .
An ideology may well be diametrically opposed to the other existing ideologies .
The third power is the rising force in Asia .
Unique in that it is both a natural power progression derived from sheer numeric dominance , and diverse in its cultural attributes , with leaders in China , India , and Russia as its primary players .
Witness the events such as the military research partnership between Russia and India , and military training between India and China .
Also noteworthy is the new political cooperation at the Security Council level between Russian and China .
Moreover , this is evident in recent collaboration at the world trade level between India and China .
This third super power is a loosely connected hegemony .
Its rise parallels the degeneration of Western influence and the clash of cultures with the rising Muslim power .
Similar to past super powers , the Western , Muslim , and Asian power forces embody the characteristics of multi-national cooperation , and substantive political and military influence .
Most poignantly , all three powers are led by people intent to gain or retain maximum influence over world systems .
Paradigm Shift
Where one major influencing power has tightly controlled most of the world ’s systems , today there are many active fulcrums of change .
The clashes that are occurring not only manifest themselves in military and militant methods , but also play out in the arena of international law and trade .
This collision of culture and belief systems is affecting every level of society .
Extremism and military endeavours are only a part of this expansive conflict .
Where once Western thought and culture dominated , today we find increasingly that this is no longer defacto .
For instance , health curative solutions stemming from ideology and practices of Western medicine and economics are increasingly in discord with the newly popular methods that find their heritage in Asian culture and medicinal practices ( pharmacology vs. homeopathy and herbology ) .
An area of particular interest is with monetary controls , which have been under the influence of Western leaders for generations .
Today , the monetary controls are now sifting into the hands of new leaders of rising powers who have distinctly different methodologies and goals .
One such example is seen with regard to Iran .
The nation of Iran , having created a method to circumvent existing structures through the new oil Bourse , now trades in a fourth oil market .
This market is uniquely in the hands of non-western powers .
Many events occurring in the world , both subtly ( food price deviations ) and overtly ( terrorism and military actions ) , are the beginnings of a global conflict for supremacy .
One validation of this is the tactic some leaders are taking to liquidate assets , move funds , and shift monetary wealth for themselves .
This is often the self preservation hoarding response to a recognised failure of power retention .
It is reasonable to conclude that this is no minor skirmish occurring in distant lands , nor a short term event .
It is a confrontation occurring at many levels in most nations .
What we hear about in the news are the visible manifestations of a far more subtle and expansive conflict .
It is essential that nations like New Zealand take a pragmatic approach , to avoid serving in this escalating battle as expendable pawns .
“ essential that nations like New Zealand take a pragmatic approach ,
to avoid serving in this escalating battle as expendable pawns . ”
Winner Takes All
The world is now beginning to see a drawn out multi-tiered confrontation between the leaders of three super powers .
These powers are not singular nations , but conglomerations with comparable ideologies and like adversaries .
In this unique situation , the most effective means for ensuring influence and power is through cohesion .
Wherever powers correlate their endeavours , there you will find substantive dominance .
A few short years ago , the Western leaders had a remarkable opening to develop this cohesion .
Through a series of tactics , this opportunity evaporated and antagonisms intensified with the other super powers .
Too many leaders continue to view the world in the context of the past century , rather than the reality of the 21st century .
The most important factor in surviving in this new world power struggle is to ensure there is a reformation of thinking .
This is not a theoretical struggle between cultures and ideologies ; it is a pragmatic one that will affect future generations .
Unfortunately , many leaders remain peculiarly oblivious to the magnitude of this conflict , the multiple levels in which it is operates , and the potential it has to divide and destroy nations .
Leaders in government will determine , through their decisions , whether New Zealand is well positioned to remain neutral .
Missteps may irreversibly lead the country into the susceptible position of pawn in this growing conflict .
Other Scoop articles by Mark Rais :
Op Article : Oil Rules the World
Op Article : War for the Hearts & Minds of Our Children
*************
Mark Rais is a writer for the technology and science industry .
He serves as a senior editor for an on - line magazine and has written numerous articles on the influence of technology and society .
© Scoop Media
The problem of piracy , in all forms of media , is a tough one .
It 's tough to make a dent in it by suing individual infringers , though the RIAA seems intent on trying .
Activision Blizzard has been taking notes , as the software giant seems to have begun quietly suing individual citizens who have pirated copies of Call of Duty 3 .
Do n't worry , it gets even weirder .
When GamesPolitics first began following this story , it was assumed that the six copyright infringers who have been sued by Activision Blizzard had been downloading the games off the ' Net , but that was not the case .
One of the lawyers involved with the case contacted GamesPolitics and said that she " can advise you that we have never filed any litigation against a file - sharer on behalf of Activision . "
That leaves physical copies , and Activision must have had the defendants dead to rights , since almost everyone settled for $ 100,000 , except for one who woman settled for $ 1,000 .
Only one defendant had representation .
After looking at the court documents , it 's clear that the story is the same in almost every case : the papers are filed , the defendant agrees to pay , and it 's all over .
The gaming site cleverly named GameCyte claims to have spoken to two of the defendants , and the details provided are even odder .
" Audibly shaken , our contact explained how he was scared into a costly settlement by attorneys who determined how much to sue based not on the actual material infringed , but on his purchase history , the equity on his home , and the number of cars in his driveway , " the site reported .
" If he were to get an attorney , he was informed , he would have to pay even more . "
Both this source and a second anonymous source who was reported to be one of the defendants claimed that the settlement amounts listed above were exaggerated , although those were the numbers on file in the court documents .
The sources also claimed Activision Blizzard never detailed its evidence and that Call of Duty 3 was not one of the copied games .
Ars Technica tried repeatedly to contact Activision Blizzard and the lawyers involved , but none of our requests for comment were returned .
Efforts to track down the defendants also proved fruitless , but that 's unsurprising : the settlement includes a legal warning against speaking about the case .
Activision Blizzard 's silence is somewhat confounding , though , as a series of wins against piracy is usually worth some publicity .
It might even scare others away from pirating a shooter ... from 2006 .
So far the total reported settlements add up to $ 326,000 , which has to be more money than Call of Duty 3 has been pulling in at retail lately .
The differing amounts of the settlement are also head - scratchers , as the complaints do n't detail what the defendants are actually being sued for .
Why are most people settling for $ 100,000 , one settled for $ 25,000 , and one for $ 1,000 ?
The RIAA - style tactics here do n't seem to be a coincidence .
" Activision 's lead attorney on the cases , Karin Pagnanelli , has worked on numerous copyright cases on behalf of clients in the music business , " GamePolitics reported .
Further reading
w3remote version 0.4
Author
coda
Summary
w3remote is a program for controlling a Windows computer from a remote location over the internet .
It is designed to fulfill a similar purpose to VNC , except without the need for a custom client .
Instead , w3remote makes use of lowest - common - denominator standards like HTTP , HTML forms , and CGI .
Also unlike VNC , it supports quickly switching between multiple monitors .
Screenshot
It looks kind of like this .
Bundled webserver
w3remote is designed to be run from a CGI - capable webserver .
It has been tested with Apache , lighttpd , and several other webservers available on Windows .
w3remote is bundled with WLMP Project 's lighttpd for windows in order to require as little initial setup as possible .
Port forwarding etc .
In order to be able to access your computer remotely , one of two conditions has to be met :
Your computer is directly connected to the internet and has an IP address .
You can access w3remote on your computer at http ://( your computer 's ip ) / .
Your computer is behind a router , and your router is configured to forward incoming requests on the w3remote port ( default : 80 for http , 443 for SSL ) to your computer .
You can access w3remote on your computer at http ://( your router 's ip ) / .
Determining your IP and configuring port forwarding are outside of the scope of this document .
This site may be helpful .
Quick installation
Unzip w3remote - 0.1.zip into C:\ .
The directory w3remote will be created with all the program 's files .
.
The directory will be created with all the program 's files .
Open htpasswd .
txt in a text editor and change the line that says username : password into a username and password that other people wo n't guess .
Starting w3remote
Start w3remote by running start - w3r.bat .
Stopping w3remote
Open Task Manager ( Ctrl+ Alt +Del ) , switch to the Processes tab , and end the lighttpd .exe process .
Using w3remote
Open http ://( your ip ) / ( as stated above in Port forwarding etc. ) in a browser on another computer .
You should be prompted for your username and password .
Once you are authenticated , you will see a screenshot of your local computer .
Mouse button actions
If you click on the screenshot , a click will be sent to your local computer .
You can change the type of click with the message dropdown menu beneath the screen .
Selecting move will just move the cursor to that position .
Dragging
You can also hold the mouse button down and drag on the screen to do a drag on your local computer .
A red line will indicate the start and end points of the drag .
If you decide you want to cancel the drag , drag your mouse away from the starting point and then back as close as possible , and the drag will be cancelled .
Keyboard actions
Normal text
You can send keyboard messages by typing something in the text field and hitting enter .
The text you enter will be sent to the local computer , including the enter key .
SendKeys sequences
The text field also supports SendKeys - like syntax .
For example , {BACKSPACE} sends the backspace key .
The full list of key names :
Key Code BACKSPACE {BACKSPACE} , { BS} , { BACK} DELETE {DEL} DELETE {DELETE} PAGE UP { PGUP} PAGE DOWN { PGDN} TAB { TAB} HOME {HOME} END {END} ESCAPE {ESC} UP { UP} DOWN { DOWN} DOWN { DN} LEFT { LT} LEFT {LEFT} RIGHT { RT} RIGHT {RIGHT} RETURN {ENTER} RETURN {RETURN} SPACE {SPACE} RETURN {~} F1 { F1} F2 { F2} F3 { F3} F4 { F4} F5 { F5} F6 { F6} F7 { F7} F8 { F8} F9 { F9} F10 { F10} F11 { F11} F12 { F12} PRINT SCREEN {PRTSC}
{b}
{^a}
A trailing ENTER keypress will not be sent if you use a SendKeys sequence .
If you want to send text without a trailing enter , you may simply add {} to the end of the input .
To send a plain open - brace , use {{} .
To send a plain close - brace , } will still work .
Clipboard
You can inspect the clipboard of the local computer by clicking on the clipboard contents link beneath the screen .
The file types supported are text and files .
This way , you can transfer files from your local computer by copying them ( via right - click menu or Ctrl + C in Explorer . )
Other Configuration
lighttpd configuration
lighttpd.conf contains the settings for the webserver .
You can edit it in Notepad or any text editor .
If you decide to move w3remote into some other directory , change the var .root line to the correct directory .
If you want to listen on a port other than 80 , change the server . port line .
SSL
OpenSSL is bundled with w3remote so that you can generate a self - signed certificate and use it with lighttpd to serve HTTP over SSL .
run sslgen.bat and answer the prompts to generate the server.pem file .
Then you can uncomment the ssl.engine and ssl.
pemfile lines in lighttpd.conf .
You must then access w3remote from https ://( your ip ) .
Also note that the default port for https is 443 , not 80 , so you must have port 443 forwarded to your computer if you are behind a router .
Browsers will complain about self - signed certificates , this is normal .
If you want to avoid it you have to generate a real certificate somehow , I do n't know how that works .
You can suppress one of Firefox 's warnings by entering your IP ( or your domain name if you have one that points to your IP ) as the " Common Name " in sslgen .
Troubleshooting
Black screen
If you have " On resume , display Welcome screen " enabled in Windows XP ( in Display Properties > Screen Saver ) , w3remote wo n't be able to capture the screen or wake the computer up from screen saver mode .
The only solution is to disable this option .
The same issue occurs for password - protecting the screen saver on earlier versions of Windows .
Ca n't access w3remote
First , check if lighttpd .exe is in the processes list .
If it is n't , then lighttpd failed to start .
Start menu >
Run cmd /k " c : && cd \ w3remote && c:\w3remote\start -w3r.bat " , and see if there 's any error message .
If lighttpd IS in the processes list , then you probably have a port forwarding issue .
Links
Version history
0.4 - fixed middleclick not working
0.3 - fixed sending of null char on invalid sendkeys sequence , updated docs
0.2 - added middleclick , fixed outdated script.js
0.1 - initial release
License
Copyright ( c ) 2007 coda/engramstudio.com
All rights reserved .
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms , with or without modification , are permitted provided that the following conditions are met :
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer .
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and / or other materials provided with the distribution .
Neither the name of engramstudio.com nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission .
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS " AS IS " AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL , SPECIAL , EXEMPLARY , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ( INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES ; LOSS OF USE , DATA , OR PROFITS ; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY , WHETHER IN CONTRACT , STRICT LIABILITY , OR TORT ( INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE , EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE .
The tension Mr. Yefimov felt was at least as intense .
In 1940 , for political reasons , Stalin ordered the execution of Mr. Yefimov ’s brother , Mikhail Koltsov , a leading Soviet journalist who had been the model for the character Karkov in Hemingway ’s novel “ For Whom the Bell Tolls . ”
His brother ’s death was very much in Boris Yefimov ’s mind when Stalin summoned him to hear his idea for a cartoon .
Mr. Yefimov told Stalin it was a great idea .
The cartoonist did not know whether to rush to finish it quickly , or take more time to show how important he considered the project .
He proceeded methodically , until Stalin called him at 3:30 the next afternoon .
He wanted the cartoon by 6 .
In an interview with Russian Life in 1999 , Mr. Yefimov said , “ A cold shiver went down my spine . ”
Mr. Yefimov finished on time .
For many years , the original cartoon , with Stalin ’s personal editing marks in red pencil , hung on his wall .
Mr. Yefimov was born as Boris Fridland in Kiev on Sept. 28 , 1899 , the second son of a Jewish shoemaker .
Within three years , his family moved to Bialystok , which is now part of Poland .
It was there that he began to draw , when he was 5 , and saw Czar Nicholas II , when he was 11 .
He studied art and then law before going to Moscow to escape the chaos of the civil war in Ukraine .
In the 1920s , he and his brother changed their last name , Fridland , partly because it sounded Jewish at a time when anti-Semitism was on the rise .
He got a job at Izvestia through his brother ’s connections .
Image A 1941 cartoon mocked the fall of the invincible German Army .
Credit ...
Itar - Tass , via Associated Press
Throughout his life , Mr. Yefimov was at the center of his country ’s cultural elite .
He and the poet Vladimir Mayakovsky became friends , despite Mr. Mayakovsky ’s remark upon first seeing Mr. Yefimov ’s drawings .
Obama is breaking open a presidential race that had once looked deadlocked .
Obama moving into electoral lead
State by state , Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill ) .
is showing signs of breaking open a presidential race that looked deadlocked through much of September .
A new wave of polls released Wednesday showed decisive leads for Obama in the critical states of Colorado , Michigan and Pennsylvania .
Advertisement
That follows noticeable progress in polls in Virginia , which had looked safe for Sen.
John McCain , and Florida , which had looked promising for McCain .
This is the first time that one of the candidates has dominated state polls in the most closely contested battlegrounds .
Republican strategist Karl Rove had predicted this tectonic shift , writing at Rove.com earlier this week : " [ I ] f the movement toward Obama in national polls continue to percolate down to the states , we could see an Obama lead later this week . "
Wisconsin is the most closely fought battleground where McCain has made noticeable progress .
Polls show that Obama is still ahead , but he has not put away the Badger State , as some had expected .
Opinion Research polls for Time magazine and CNN released Wednesday showed :
— Colorado : Obama 51 , McCain 45 among registered voters .
In late August , McCain had been ahead , 49 to 44 .
Among likely voters , Obama led in the new poll by 51 to 47 .
— Michigan : Obama 51 , McCain 44 among registered voters .
Among likely voters , Obama leads 51 to 46 .
— Pennsylvania : Obama 52 , McCain 43 among registered voters .
Among likely voters , Obama leads 53 to 44 .
In summary , the campaigns agree that since the conventions :
Obama has gained in Florida , Virginia , Michigan , Pennsylvania , Colorado , Indiana and New Mexico .
McCain gained in Wisconsin , Minnesota , Alaska and North Dakota .
Both campaigns claim gains in Iowa .
Ohio remains a toss - up — perhaps the decisive prize .
Nevada and New Hampshire are too close to call .
Wikipedia is an undeniably helpful resource for researching bands , with fairly accurate data that tends to be updated in near real time .
Amazon hopes the same sort of thing will happen on its new SoundUnwound site , which borrows a page from Wikipedia 's playbook by allowing users to edit information about any band , label , album or song .
To get the ball rolling , Amazon has included music information from its retail site as well as data from the Internet Movie Database and Musicbrainz ( an open - source Gracenote - style database that can associate metadata to CDs and digital files ) .
Amazon staff and a Mechanical Turk group built upon this data before the site launched on Monday .
As with Wikipedia , users can edit this information , but not directly .
All changes must be vetted by Amazon staff before appearing on the site , so you can forget about retroactively joining Run D.M.C.
Rankings charts list the users with the most approved edits for the day , week or of all time , offering a bit of motivation to those want to amass that sort of authority .
SoundUnwound is well laid out and already offers a wealth of information .
For example , the page for The Fall
– a notoriously difficult band to cover , given all of their releasesand lineup changes , includes lots of ex-band members , an accurate dateof formation , and information on no less than 153 releases , including28 studio albums .
There 's plenty of room for fans to add trivia as thesite expands .
Discographies can be sorted by studio album , single , live album ,
compilation and EP .
And once you drill down to an album page , linksappearto purchase the band 's songs on Amazon MP3 .
Relevant YouTube videos areembeddedthroughout the site as well .
But one of the most attractive elementsare the Flash - based , scrollable and zoomable timelines that depictsbands ' history graphically .
Using
The Fall as an example again , to the right is the section of theirtimeline where guitarist Craig Scanlon , bassist Stephen Hanley anddrummer Simon Wolsencraft left the band .
By mashing up theband member information with its discography , SoundUnwound lets users draw conclusions about how a band 's sound changed as a result of personnel shakeups .
Amazon has taken a bit of heat
for not including a way for all of this data to be used on other sites .
" I am skeptical about any wiki - style site that does n't make theuser - contributed data freely available , " wrote Paul Lamere of Duke Listens .
And he has a point ; it'd be nice of Amazon to allow this data to flowelsewhere on the internet .
On the other hand , I do n't think Amazon hascreated the impression that this data is freely shareable .
Youknow you 're editing an Amazon site , so it does n't appear that the companyis being duplicitous by not giving away the data .
Ultimately , the potential success of SoundUnwound depends on creating a loyal , enthusiastic community .
Wikipedia will likely always contain more information than SoundUnwound ,
but Amazon staff might be able to shape user - provided information in such a way thatsome prefer it for musical research .
And when they findsomething they like , a row of Amazon " buy " buttons awaits .
See Also :
For months , both campaigns have been trying to figure out which states are in play for them .
We ’ve been hearing repeatedly that McCain was going to pour resources into Michigan and Pennsylvania , which have been voting Democratic in the past elections .
Not anymore .
Today , Jonathan Martin is reporting that the McCain campaign is leaving Michigan and its 17 electoral votes :
John McCain is pulling out of Michigan , according to two Republicans , a stunning move a month away from Election Day that indicates the difficulty Republicans are having in finding blue states to put in play .
McCain will go off TV in Michigan , stop dropping mail there and send most of his staff to more competitive states , including Wisconsin , Ohio and Florida .
Wisconsin went for Kerry in 2004 , Ohio and Florida for Bush .
McCain ’s campaign did n’t immediately respond to a request for comment .
Republicans had been bullish on Michigan , hopeful that McCain ’s past success in the state in the 2000 primary combined with voter dissatisfaction with Democratic Gov. Jennifer Granholm and skepticism among blue - collar voters about Barack Obama could make it competitive .
Very bad news for the GOP .
This is a major development in the campaign — and a major concession by the McCain campaign , if it ’s true .
Remember , last week , John McCain “ suspended ” his campaign and wanted to cancel the first debate .
Seems like no one is really in charge at McCain HQ .
Like the candidate , that campaign seems to be extremely erratic and dysfunctional .
So , today , McCain might be pulling out of Michigan .
Tomorrow , it might be his number one state .
Let ’s briefly review the situation : Obama is encroaching into McCain ’s turf in states like Indiana , Missouri , Colorado , Nevada , Virginia and North Carolina .
Obama is ahead in Iowa and New Mexico , two states where Gore won but Kerry lost .
Pennsylvania has been shoring up nicely for Obama of late .
Florida and Ohio have been trending his way .
Okay , Obama did pull out of North Dakota , but I ’ll trade North Dakota for Michigan this year .
The reality for McCain , not that he deals in reality , is that he needs to use his limited resources to defend states that have traditionally voted Republican .
Remember , McCain opted into the public financing system for the general election .
( Also remember , he scammed that system during the primaries . )
The McCain / Palin campaign got a check from the government for $ 84 million and that ’s all they can legally spend .
Obama opted out of the public financing system and is not subject to any spending limits .
With the help of George Bush , however , the RNC ( the Republican Party headquarters in Washington , DC ) has raised a boat load to complement McCain ’s efforts .
Even with that help , it ’s starting to look like McCain ca n’t afford to fight for blue states .
These days , a mom can scrapbook the remnants of her baby 's umbilical cord or blog about her teenager 's period , and no one will bat an eye .
But there 's still one place where maternal ( or paternal ) documentation is sometimes considered an over - share : nude photos of the kids .
Particularly when they 're hanging on the walls of a gallery .
From the day her daughter Madeleine was born , Betsy Schneider has performed a ritual that would inspire jealousy in any mom who lost the baby book when her own kid was 3 months old .
Schneider 's taken what she calls a " Photo of the Day . "
Two , actually : a headshot and a full - body image .
When Madeleine was an infant , Schneider would get the baby up in the morning , take off her diaper , and snap the photos .
She meant to do it only for a year , but the project continued as Madeleine got older ( she 's now 10 ) , and it came to include her younger brother Viktor , now 6 .
The images are almost clinical , certainly documentary - style , marking time on the face and body .
Schneider insists the head shots are more personal , but it 's the full - frontals , of course , that have gotten so much attention — particularly in 2004 , when Schneider showed three huge posters filled with tiny shots of Madeleine at birth , 2 , and 5 at a London gallery .
The images came down the day they went up , only to be strewn — along with Schneider 's reputation — across the front pages of that city 's nasty tabloids , amidst accusations of child pornography .
The depiction of nude children in art is obviously nothing new .
The Greeks did it .
So did Leonardo da Vinci .
But apparently , frescoes on ceilings do n't worry cops as much as photographs on the Internet , and today , magazines like Popular Photography devote entire articles to the task of warning shutterbugs not to take film containing that proverbial bearskin rug shot to the local Walgreens to be developed .
Schneider is no mere shutterbug .
She graduated from two of the best art schools in the country and apprenticed with Sally Mann , arguably the most famous modern photographer to take pictures of her own naked kids .
The questions raised in the 1992 New York Times Magazine article that first introduced her to Mann 's work could as easily be posed today about Schneider 's own images :
Mann 's work has raised worrying personal concerns .
The shield of motherhood can quickly become a sword when turned against her .
If it is her solemn responsibility , as she says , " to protect my children from all harm , " has she knowingly put them at risk by releasing these pictures into a world where pedophilia exists ?
Can young children freely give their consent for controversial portraits , even if — especially if — the artist is their parent ?
Schneider 's taught photography at Arizona State University since 2002 , but while the university supported her work , officials kept quiet ( and kept her quiet ) about the controversy abroad .
Schneider 's never shown her " Photo of the Day " work in town .
This spring she got tenure , and she got bolder .
She 's got two local shows planned this year .
The first , opening August 15 at The Kitchenette , a photography collective on Roosevelt Row in downtown Phoenix , features 120 images — one a month of Madeleine , from birth to age 10 .
( Two of Schneider 's former students , Desiree Edkins and Jose Sosa , will also be showing their photographs . )
The show 's title is " That Enthralling Gallop , " from a poem by Emily Dickinson :
Sweet is the swamp with its secrets
Until we meet a snake ;
' Tis then we sigh for houses ,
And our departure take
At that enthralling gallop
That only childhood knows .
A snake is summer 's treason ,
And guile is where it goes .
One year , Schneider recalls , her mother got a roll of film developed , and it came back with snapshots from two Christmases .
That 's how seldom she took photographs .
Neither of Betsy 's two younger sisters took pictures , either ; they drew .
But Betsy could n't sit still long enough .
The photo gene came from her dad and his father .
That side of the family " obsessively " photographed family events , she says .
Their parents are both psychologists and raised the girls in Pennsylvania , Oklahoma , and Michigan .
Betsy got her first camera at 8 , but it was n't ' til she was picked for yearbook in junior high that the photo bug bit .
" I was kind of a runty , weird , uncomfortable , boyish sixth - grader , " she says .
" I remember feeling like it was something I did a little bit better . "
But she was sloppy in the darkroom and screwed up a couple of rolls of film and lost her confidence .
She ran track and cross-country in high school and majored in English literature at the University of Michigan .
She thought about becoming a writer or a lawyer , explaining , " I wanted to argue . "
But a good photography class reminded her of her old love , and Schneider went back for another undergraduate degree , this time at the Art Institute of Chicago .
She was uncomfortable there — it was her first time in a big city ; she did n't feel like she fit in or wore the right clothes .
But she 'd chosen her career .
" Deep down , I knew this was it . "
It was the late 1980s , and as Schneider recalls , her classmates — particularly the female ones — were big into the way women were represented in art .
The mantra was , " We 're reclaiming the female body from the male gaze , " but Schneider thought that was BS , particularly because , for her fellow students , it resulted in nothing more than a lot of beautiful , self - conscious self - portraits .
She decided to photograph kids instead .
She was nannying for the four children of her high school track coach , including young twin girls , who became her focus .
She wondered , " Can you objectify someone if the picture 's made out of love ? "
The answer : " Yeah , of course , but it 's more complicated . "
The twins got their hair cut super - short , and Schneider took a photo of them , at 9 , with their shirts off .
" Even that felt risky to me , " she remembers .
School over , again , she retreated , moving to Prague for a year .
She drank beer , wrote in her journal , took maybe 10 rolls of film .
Back in Chicago , she tried working as a photo assistant , but hated the technical end .
Then someone mentioned Sally Mann .
Mann 's career had exploded — she 'd been a photographer for quite a while , but it was the ethereal black - and - white images she took of her children that caught the art world 's eye .
Schneider saw a profile of Mann in the New York Times Magazine .
" I looked at it and said , that 's who I want to work for . "
She wrote a letter and included some images she 'd been working on .
Mann wrote her back , on the backside of a print .
Not long after , Schneider moved to Lexington , Virginia , to live with Mann and her family .
The Manns were fascinating .
They ate ketchup on everything and did n't take a lot of showers .
But they threw fancy parties and otherwise blurred the lines between the upper and lower classes , Schneider recalls .
She ran with Mann in the morning and read to her kids at night .
She pulled weeds , but so did her boss , who also sought her advice about which of her images worked .
" I was a little Sally .
There were amazing , amazing parts of it , " Schneider says , looking almost 20 years later as though she still can't believe the opportunity came her way .
" To this day , she 's in my head . "
The two remain in touch , though sporadically .
A trip to the Grand Canyon earlier this summer fell through .
Mann did not respond to an e-mailed request for an interview for this story .
" I adore her .
She 's complicated .
She knows she 's complicated , " Schneider says .
" She can be a pain in the ass . "
At the end of a year and a half with Mann , Schneider admits , " I was losing myself . "
She left Virginia for Northern California — specifically , Mills College .
Ironically , since she 'd eschewed the notion in Chicago , Schneider had been taking self - portraits while working for Mann .
( After all , as she explains , it was n't like she could build a body of work by shooting Mann 's children ; and there was n't much else in the small town . )
The idea was to be subversive — to take unflattering close - ups of odd angles .
She tried to make herself look ugly , to step away , to see the body as an object .
Schneider pulls at her lip .
You know , she says , " like when your mouth is numb with Novocain .
How weird it is that you 're a thing . "
In the end , she ditched the self - portraits for intensely close - up shots of the inside of the mouth .
The results are freaky landscapes — you 'd never know you were looking at a tongue or the inside of a cheek .
Her model was a music major named Frank Ekeberg , who lived in her dorm .
The two fell in love .
They graduated , and moved to London so Ekeberg could work on his Ph.D. in electronic composition .
Schneider was pregnant .
She was making her best work , ever , and she was going to be a mother .
" I thought I was the king of the world , " she says .
Admittedly , London was a letdown .
Years later she'd get teaching gigs , but at the time she arrived , Schneider was aimless , and her belly was growing .
She missed Mills .
An acquaintance warned her to make friends before the baby came , so she found some lectures to attend .
It was good advice .
She met another expectant mother who , years later , curated the show that caused so much controversy .
First , though , Schneider had Madeleine and launched the " Photo of the Day " project .
Ekeberg , whom Schneider describes as " my pretty much perfect husband , " was supportive from the start .
" I was n't sure if we would have the discipline to keep it going for very long , but once it became part of the daily routine , there was never a right moment to stop , " he says now .
" The little bit of doubt I had in the beginning was purely practical , I did n't have any problems with the artistic idea behind it .
I saw it as a long - term work , where it would possibly take years before we would know whether it was interesting enough to present in any way at all as an art work .
In the beginning , it was just a cool thing to have a picture from every day of my child 's life . "
Schneider and family lived in London for four years , then moved to Norway , where Ekeberg was born and raised .
She loved the small town where they lived — particularly Madeleine 's pre-school , an idyllic setting with wood - paneled walls and the aroma of waffles .
The kids skied in winter and ran around naked in the summer .
But Schneider had her sights set on a university job .
So she sent out résumés and heard back from Arizona State University .
After looking over the faculty 's work , Schneider wondered if her résumé had become stuck to the back of someone else 's ; what she did was so different .
That 's what the ASU art faculty liked about her .
Mark Klett , Regents professor of photography at the Herberger College of Art at ASU , and a noted fine art photographer in his own right , remembers Schneider 's interview .
He recalls that he and others admired her work , but equally important , they liked her as a person .
Viktor was a newborn ; Schneider recalls getting off the plane in August , wearing a sweater — and a baby .
" She brought the kid with her to the interview , which I thought was really gutsy , " Klett says .
( Actually , Schneider says , she even breastfed at the interview . )
" She is very upfront , and she kind of wears her opinions and her heart on her shirtsleeve , " Klett continues .
" She 's not hiding anything , and she does n't play politics or anything , which is really great in a university setting . "
He concludes : " She 's sort of always questioning herself , which sounds like she 's second - guessing herself . . .
That 's wrong . "
Schneider got the job , and moved her family to Arizona .
When she got here , all Schneider knew about the state was that it 's hot , and it's the place that did n't want a Martin Luther King Jr. holiday .
The ASU photography department was — and is — small ( five members then , six now ) , and it was hard to build a community .
Here , she says , " things are more complicated ; people are more complicated . "
She has made friends .
" I tend to bond with people who are struggling with being here , " she says .
The worst part of that is that those are often the people who leave town .
Having kids helped .
Schneider coaches both kids ' soccer teams .
She did the photos for their school yearbook .
Now , she admits , she 's addicted to the sun .
Her studio is a small room tucked behind the Ekeberg / Schneider home — a modest slump - block on a quiet Tempe street .
Inside , it feels a little foreign , starker and brighter than your typical American home .
The floors are shiny concrete , the walls plain white .
There are Moosewood cookbooks in the kitchen and photographs by Schneider and her students everywhere .
In the studio , a wall A/C unit hums loudly , to keep up with the early June heat .
It pretty much looks like how you 'd expect a photographer 's studio to look : Rubbermaids waiting to be filled with negatives , framed prints spilling onto the floor , fancy computers used to process work .
( Though Schneider still prefers film for most projects . )
On the walls , she 's tacked single images of the kids — some naked , some clothed .
Some are straightforward ; others tell a story , whether Schneider means to or not .
Unlike Sally Mann , she tends to let images happen , rather than giving the kids props and setting scenes .
In the most striking image , a 4 - year - old Viktor has appeared in a doorway at home , wearing nothing but a large policeman 's hat cocked jauntily to the side .
He 's carrying a " gun " made of Lego blocks and staring at the camera .
To the side , you see Schneider 's reflection as she crouches to take the picture .
Huge rolls with the multiple daily photo images lined up are tucked in a corner .
Madeleine is off somewhere else today , but Viktor 's chosen to stay home , and the 6 - year - old is aimless — ping - ponging between Mom and Dad , both of whom are trying to get some work done .
( Soon , Schneider will take off with the kids for the better part of the summer , on an annual road trip that takes them all across the country . )
Viktor comes to the studio door several times — with a bug sucker , then walkie - talkies .
Schneider is gently amused .
Where Madeleine has always been compliant about the daily photo , Viktor 's ambivalent at best .
At 4 , he quit .
It was a relief to Schneider , who had been running interference daily — the kids would fight over who would pose first .
But today , Viktor 's all about photography .
He wants to be in the studio .
Schneider kindly shoos him away , and keeps talking .
She 's trying to explain how she came to make her work about her kids .
Even back in grad school , she says , she thought about how to make art out of the experience of motherhood .
" I know that sounds crass , " she says , laughing .
But it 's really not , if you look at the body of Schneider 's work .
Even back in grad school , she was concerned with how time affected living things .
She did a gorgeous series of photographs of rotting fruit .
She 's long been influenced not only by Sally Mann but documentarians like Nicholas Nixon , who for 30 years took an annual photograph of his wife and her three sisters .
" You look at that and think , life is short and it happens to everyone , " she says .
She thought about photographing a new baby every hour for the first year .
At this point , Viktor bursts in again , this time with a blue plastic camera .
" Madeleine got that when you were born , " Schneider tells him .
" Is it real ? " I ask .
" I do n't know if it 's still real , " Schneider says , examining the toy , which at one time , at least , did function .
" It 's real ! " Viktor announces .
" I do n't know if it 's working , " his mother tells him .
Finally , she digs up a roll of film , loads the camera , and sends Viktor off to take pictures .
The kid -photograph project morphed into " Photo of the Day , " she continues , and it 's continued to morph .
When she was 4 or 5 , Madeleine started appearing clothed some mornings .
Soon , it was every day .
She would probably never come right out and admit it , but that had to be a relief for Schneider .
After all , there was London .
The thing about London that makes Schneider the maddest is when people tell her she was naive to think that she could show naked pictures of her kids without incident .
She disagrees .
When she was still living in London , just a few years earlier , she went through the whole kiddy - porn thing with the police , who saw her work and cleared her at the time .
Twice .
First , one of her students in London was hauled in for questioning , after it was discovered she was photographing children she babysat for .
( Unlike Schneider years before her , apparently the student did not ask the family for permission . )
The student told police that her photography teacher took naked photos of her own kids every day .
The police talked to Schneider .
They looked at her work and agreed it was fine .
The second incident came in 2001 , when Madeleine was about 4 .
Betsy took her along to the photo store to pick up some film .
They were waiting for her .
Instead of handing her prints to Schneider , the guy behind the counter gave them to a cop , who arrested her .
Ekeberg came to the station to pick up Madeleine .
The entire episode was over in four hours ; Schneider had her photos back that day .
So three years later , when her old friend Heather McDonough asked Schneider to be part of a show called Inventory , at the Spitz Gallery , she did n't hesitate .
But there were complaints at the opening ; Schneider 's work went down almost as soon as it had gone up .
The mistake , the organizers admit , was calling the media to look for attention .
Schneider was right ; the police were n't interested .
But the London press was — in spades — and the episode became front - page news ' til another story ( train bombings in Madrid ) bumped it .
By then , the damage had been done , particularly to Schneider 's psyche .
She says she knows now why famous people fly first - class .
On the plane ride home , she could feel the dirty looks .
She felt better only after she passed through customs .
( Since London , Schneider has had a show in New York City , which went without incident . )
The night she got home , Schneider brought the kids into bed with her and lay awake thinking , " What if I 've done something awful ? "
Ekeberg had taken the daily photos while she was gone .
The next morning , when she picked up her camera , " I was shaking . "
Schneider 's continued with the " Photo of the Day , " she 's continued to photograph her children naked , at times , and she plans to show her work .
But as her colleague Mark Klett says , she does ask herself questions .
Hard questions .
It 's almost impossible to make good work about your kids , Schneider says : " Either it 's too saccharine or you 're a bad mother . "
She feels the mother / child relationship is sensual and complicated .
" You 're raising someone to take your place ; you 're also replicating your genes . "
She 's not sure that being an artist makes her a better parent , but she feels it makes her a better role model .
" It 's back to the cliché of living the examined life , " she says .
" It might make life harder , but it makes it richer . "
The studio door opens .
It 's Viktor again , presumably back with his camera .
" It 's very interesting that Viktor 's doing this now , " she says as the door opens and Viktor enters — camera gone , costume on .
" Oh , now he 's a pirate ! "
Schneider 's photographs are basic and honest and , yes , sometimes naked .
She disagrees with the fuss .
For her , there are so many other images out there that are more troubling .
She 's particularly critical of the work of Jill Greenberg , a Los Angeles photographer who made her money with commercial jobs and a name for herself with images of young children crying .
Greenberg 's crying photos are stunning — and disturbing .
In 2006 , Popular Photography asked her how she makes the children cry :
" Mostly we did it by giving them something , a lollipop , and then taking it away .
Some would just cry for no reason — my daughter did that ; she did n't like standing on the apple box I used for a platform because it was a little wobbly .
Some just would n't cry at all .
For all the kids , I worked really fast .
We would book 12 or so for one day , and see who we could make cry .
At the end of the day I was not in a good mood .
I do n't like making little kids cry . "
Schneider has equal — or more — disdain for bad pop-culture influences , like slutty girl clothes at Old Navy and the Bratz dolls , which make Barbie look downright prudish .
" Bratz dolls are acceptable , makeup for kids is acceptable , but my naked picture is n't ? " she asks .
When the London press made such a big deal out of the fact that she was showing the world naked pictures of Madeleine , Schneider says she really did n't worry at all about pedophiles sneaking into the house late at night .
" My biggest fear , my deepest fear , was that this controversy was going to make Madeleine feel ashamed of her body , " she says .
" That 's part of what the pictures are ; they love their bodies .
That would have been the dereliction of the parental duty . "
And Schneider acknowledges that she does have a duty , on many fronts .
She admits that Madeleine is a pleaser , that she wants to make her mother happy .
She knows the power she holds as her mother .
Sherrie Medina , who among other things is a curator and artist in Phoenix ( and one of those people Schneider complains is always leaving town — Medina 's soon off to Chicago ) , says of Schneider , " She 's had to really , really think about her work in ways that a lot of people do n't have to .
I really admire that . "
Ekeberg says he 's never had a moment of regret over the project .
" The way it has evolved , with the kids being in control of whether to keep it up and willing to engage in the work , is good , " Schneider 's husband says .
" They have to be part of any decision process with regard to the work , anyway .
More than 10 years of daily photos of someone is quite unique , and it's a great thing to have ; even if the kids deny any public presentation of it , the pictures are still there for us . "
It 's a hot Tuesday morning in June , and Schneider 's taking the " Photo of the Day . "
Ekeberg gets out the camera to photograph a New Times photographer photographing Schneider photographing Madeleine .
As Schneider had described it , it 's over before it feels like it should have started .
Looking bored , Madeleine crashes on the couch with a book about flags .
Viktor runs around the house with his blue plastic camera .
Viktor Schneider did n't even try to develop the film ; he kept opening the back and exposing it , she says .
The four gather for what Schneider thinks must be the first family portrait , ever .
Afterward , Madeleine pauses outside her bedroom door for some questions .
( She was n't so willing ; even Ekeberg agreed only if he were to be interviewed via e-mail . )
Why does your mom take your picture ?
" I do n't know . "
Pause .
" She wants to see the difference .
You can see it yearly , how I dress , sometimes , but it 's mostly how I grow up , sort of .
The difference . "
Do you like it ?
" I do n't know . "
Pause .
" It 's cool looking at them , but it 's routine . "
For this reason , Free Software projects are always in need of volunteers to enhance and maintain the wealth of Linux and free software user documentation that is distributed around the net .
A common mantra among programmers is that " good code is self - documenting " , but however good a programmer is , code that does n't contain some level of internal documentation is hard to follow and maintain , and code that is n't documented at the user level is n't always easy to use .
In the broadest sense , documentation and the usability of the software are interchangeable notions .
Good code is n't just about solving the immediate problem , but is also about having a solution in place for the next problem that might arise - which requires clear and transparent headers and comments .
Many will tend to ignore the simple instructions that are the starting point for less informed users , and documentation just is n't very interesting to the programmer who has already solved the problems that he or she has set out to solve .
The coder is not always the best person for the job of documenting a project , if only because , as Richard Stallman once observed , " writing good English is a rare skill among programmers " .
More often than not , documentation is an afterthought , and is what happens when the interesting bits of a software project are over and done .
Show me the code
In his piece , ' Cathedrals , Bazaars and the Town Council ' , written back in 1998 , Alan Cox took a stab at some of the distractions and failings that surround free software projects , and some of the individuals who involve themselves in discussions around the Linux kernel and other software matters .
He called them " the wannabe real programmers " who are " good at having opinions ... catch buzzword disease , " or have some speciality they consider the " one true path " , the ones who , perhaps inadvertently , divert energies away from getting the job done - and the failure to honour and encourage those who have something else useful to offer .
Among other points ,
Cox suggested that coders are not the only useful contributors to a project , and that success often depends on others : " I find it sad that many people , when asked to name the most important five Linux kernel people , rarely name some of the most important folk of all - those who maintain websites , change logs , mailing lists and documentation ...
Linus says ' Show me the code ' .
That is a narrow view of a real project .
When you hear ' I 'd love to help but I can't program ' , you hear a documenter .
When they say ' But English is not my first language ' you have a documenter and a translator for another language ' . "
The willingness of interested volunteers to do the boring jobs , to document and translate the software , to maintain the development trees and mailing lists , and to do the dirty work others do n't want to do , has been a vital element in the spread of free and open source software .
Undertaken anonymously by thousands of volunteers , this work is ongoing as GNU / Linux and its associated software is translated into a greater range of minority languages around the world .
This kind of effort can not be replicated by commercial software companies who have neither the resources nor the will to reach smaller communities .
Blind trust
Linus Torvalds takes a sceptical stance towards documentation and leaves worrying about this kind of thing to other people .
Addressing Andr Hedrick on the kernel mailing list on 12 January 2001 , Torvalds , who often makes sweeping verbal gestures with his tongue stuck firmly in his cheek , declared that : " ANYBODY who does driver development without taking the real world into account is a dangerous person .
Stacks of papers , diagrams and rules are absolutely worthless if you can't just understand the fact that documentation is nothing more than a guide - line ...
Once you realise that documentation should be laughed at , peed upon , put on fire , and just ridiculed in general , THEN , and only then , have you reached the level where you can safely read it and try to use it to actually implement a driver . "
The House Republican Leadership has announced its intention to have the House vote , before adjourning on Friday or Saturday , on several major pieces of legislation that are not yet available to House members in final form because behind - closed - door negotiations on the proposals are still going on .
The Leadership apparently intends to use a process known as “ martial law ” to allow these bills to be brought to the floor very shortly after negotiations are completed , with the result that Members of the House are likely to have virtually no time to examine and consider the details of the legislation before they will be required to vote on it .
Among the matters the House may be asked to vote on under martial law are a major conference report on pension legislation , a costly bill that would permanently reduce the estate tax and extend certain expiring tax provisions , and a bill that could combine a controversial health insurance proposal with an increase in the minimum wage ( there also are reports that the estate tax , minimum wage , and expiring tax provisions may be combined into a single bill ) .
The House Rules Committee on Thursday afternoon reported a resolution that would provide martial law authority in relation to all of these bills .
Under the martial law procedure , longstanding House rules that require at least one day between the unveiling of significant legislation and the House floor vote on that legislation — so that Members can learn what they are being asked to vote on — are swept away .
Instead , under “ martial law , ” the Leadership can file legislation with tens or hundreds of pages of fine print and move immediately to debate and votes on it , before Members of Congress , the media , or the public have an opportunity to understand fully what provisions have been altered or inserted into the legislation behind closed doors .
This is the procedure that the Leadership intends to use to muscle through important bills in the next two days .
This procedure diminishes democracy .
When major legislation is being considered that would add hundreds of billions of dollars to the debt or affect millions of Americans in other ways , Members of Congress should have an opportunity to study the legislation for more than a couple of hours and to know what they are voting on .
The Bills in Question
The pension bill , which contains important changes in the rules governing defined benefit pension plans and tax laws affecting retirement savings ( and also may serve as a vehicle for tax changes unrelated to retirement ) , has been the subject of vigorous debate for months among members of the House - Senate conference committee .
Although a final agreement on the conference report has reportedly been imminent for days , the conferees were still working out differences as of Thursday evening .
The legislation that would provide for a permanent reduction in the estate tax and the extension of a number of popular expiring tax provisions ( such as the research and development tax credit ) has not been finalized because the pension bill conferees are still debating whether some or all of those provisions should be included in the conference report on the pension bill .
Legislation that would promote so - called “ association health plans ” and increase the minimum wage ( and likely contain other provisions intended to make the minimum wage increase more acceptable to House conservatives ) also is still being negotiated behind closed doors by Republican leaders .
Some of these bills are very costly .
The sharp reductions in the estate tax that are under consideration , and provisions making permanent the pension tax cuts enacted in 2001 ( which are expected to be in the pension conference report ) , would cost approximately $ 325 billion over the ten - year period from 2007 to 2016 .
And because most of these provisions would not take effect until after 2010 , their long - term costs are much larger .
During the first decade when these provisions would be fully in effect , 2012 to 2021 , they would reduce revenues by about $ 700 billion .
When the increased interest payments on the debt are included , the total impact on the budget rises to nearly $ 900 billion over that decade .
Despite these large costs , the plan of the House Republican Leadership appears to be to pass the martial - law rule the House Rules Committee reported last night , allowing any or all of the three bills to go directly to the House floor as soon as the private negotiations on them have been concluded — and before the public , the media , or even Members of the House themselves have an opportunity to examine the revised legislation carefully .
Among other things , this arouses suspicion that some of the changes that are being made in the proposals may be presented as easing certain controversial provisions of the bills , even if the reality is different .
It also creates concern that some special - interest provisions may have been inserted into the bills , or some special interests may otherwise have been protected , in order to secure votes .
Use of the martial law procedure will enable the Leadership to seek to round up the votes needed to pass the bills before a full picture is available of what the bills actually do .
What is “ Martial Law ” ?
The House leadership is using a parliamentary gambit to evade a longstanding House rule that is supposed to ensure that this kind of obfuscation does not occur .
That House rule ( Rule XIII ( 6 ) ( a ) ) provides that a resolution ( called a rule ) reported by the Rules Committee cannot be considered by the House on the same legislative day that the rule is reported ( except by a two - thirds vote of the House ) .
This is supposed to ensure that Members of the House and the public have at least one day to examine and analyze what is in legislation before they have to debate and vote on it .
To maneuver around this House rule and rush the three proposals discussed above to a vote before they have been fully examined , the Rules Committee reported a rule late Thursday afternoon ( H.Res. 958 ) that would waive the application of Rule XIII ( 6 ) ( a ) .
Instead , it would allow the Rules Committee to wait until the last minute and not to report the rules governing the consideration of these bills or to release the text of the bills themselves until immediately before debate and votes on the bills , and on the rules governing their consideration , commences .
This extraordinary procedure is known as a “ martial law ” rule because it suspends the normal procedures and safeguards and allows the House Leadership to operate in a more authoritarian fashion .
It enables the Leadership to seek to ram a bill or conference report through before the Members have the opportunity to fully understand what they are voting on .
Legislation that has far - reaching implications for millions of Americans deserves to be considered under a more democratic process .
Waiting until the last minute to reveal what is in these bills , and then “ spinning ” or potentially mischaracterizing changes in the bills without Members of the House or the public having an opportunity to obtain a more objective review of what the legislation does , is unfair to Members of the House .
It also is unfair to the millions of Americans whose lives could be affected by this legislation .
It represents a further step in reducing the degree of transparency and democracy in how this country is governed and how decisions are made .
At a time when our leaders preach the goal of promoting democracy abroad , they should not be reducing it at home .
On October 6 , a disturbing entry was read into the Federal Register declaring that a credible threat of an anthrax attack exists and SPECIFIC private organizations and all public agencies have been given immunity from prosecution / civil liability in the case of " defective countermeasures " .
[ Oct 6 , 2008 .
FR Vol 73 , number 194 , pages 58239-58242 , Notices ]
People , they are fixing to POISON people while claiming they are protecting us from anthrax .
WAKE UP .
There will be NO election .
Snap out of it !
Get out of DENIAL !!
Naomi Wolf ( not Klein ) is sounding the ALARM bells of an existing STATE OF EMERGENCY .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement East Devon and parts of Cornwall have been hit by serious flooding after a night of storms , including severe rain and heavy hail .
Devon and Somerset fire service described the situation in the Ottery St Mary area as " absolute chaos " .
Police said that a pregnant woman , who had gone into labour , had to be rescued from a car and about 25 people have been rescued from their homes .
An evacuation centre has been set up at the hospital in Ottery St Mary .
It got worse and worse and one crew got stuck in a 6ft drift
Susanne Reed , Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service A police spokesman said : " There have been a series of weather - related road collisions .
" This included a road accident near Honiton with a female giving birth who had to be transported by ambulance to the Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital . "
He said " many " vehicles , including a 38 ft - long ( 11.6 m ) lorry , had been trapped in flood water .
Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service said 25 people had been rescued from flooded homes in Ottery St Mary and Feniton .
Susanne Reed , from the fire control centre , said it was the worst flooding she had seen in 25 years .
" It has been absolute chaos , it started just after midnight when we were out rescuing people stuck in their cars in flood water .
Floods : In Pictures " It got worse and worse and one crew got stuck in a 6ft ( 1.8 m ) [ hail ] drift , " she said .
She added that crews had been rescuing people " constantly " and she could not begin to say how many had been helped to safety .
A spokeswoman for Portland Coastguard said coastguard volunteers had rescued a family of three who were trapped in a bungalow , using their four - wheel drive vehicles .
She said they also rescued several elderly people from a housing estate .
They have been taken to the hospital in Ottery St Mary .
One resident who spoke to BBC News from her home just outside Ottery St Mary said : " There is 2ft 6ins [ 0.75 m ] of water on the road .
I ca n't get out of the house . "
John and Joan Burrows , who farm nearby , have lost about 30 sheep .
Joan said : " Others are sheltering on the old railway line and we 're hoping they do n't try and jump in the water . "
Tony Fabry , who runs the town 's post office , said : " At one point I was watching beer barrels , sandwich boards and even a children 's slide floating down the road .
" It was absolutely horrendous . "
The town had been preparing for its bonfire night celebrations
The town had been preparing for a carnival this weekend , ahead of its annual Tar Barrel Rolling festival on 5 November .
Devon and Cornwall police warned motorists that roads in the area were " treacherous " and a number of routes had been closed because of flooding or ice .
In Boscastle in Cornwall six premises were flooded overnight because of a blocked storm drain .
Heavy rainfall has also led to problems with surface water on Cornwall 's roads .
The Environment Agency has flood warnings in place on the Rivers Otter , Axe , Clyst , Coly , Culm , Isle and Yarty in Devon .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An Ohio manufacturer of hunting bows has released a new custom - designed hunting bow in honor of GOP Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin : the “ Sarah - Cuda . ”
The pink camouflage bow weighs 3.4 pounds ( 1.5 kg ) and is specially designed for female hunters .
The Sarah - Cuda retails for $ 590 .
Lakota Industries CEO
Dick Williamson told AP that the bow pays tribute to women who “ bear the responsibility of family and work while strengthening the moral fiber of society . ”
10 % of Sarah - Cuda profits will go to the National Association for Down Syndrome .
For recent bizarre Sarah Palin stories , see Sarah Palin crop circles , or follow our Sarah Palin coverage .
Sarah Palin flew into San Francisco to attend a GOP fundraiser on October 5 but did not speak publicly and wo n't be staying a minute longer than necessary to collect money in the bay area .
Several hundred angry protesters gathered in front of the Hyatt - Regency Hotel in Burlingame , adjacent to the San Francisco airport , to demonstrate their displeasure with the GOP platform .
Following the vice - presidential candidates recent debate with Democratic candidate Joe Biden , many protesters ' signs referred to Palin as an outright liar .
Others took issue with her extremist views on abortion .
The California Democratic
Party sent invitations to area party members to " Greet Sarah Palin " in protest , but representatives of groups World Can't Wait and the Raging Grannies outperformed the more staid Democrats with colorful costumes , props and chants .
Environmental activists dressed as wolves howled in pain while union members led chants from a flatbed truck .
Veterans for Peace members from chapters 101 ( San Jose and SF Peninsula ) and 69 ( San Francisco ) mocked the Republican McCain ticket campaign poster by adding the tag line " War Without End " and " Give Us Several Trillion Dollars " to their signs .
Palin 's motorcade drove past the demonstrators and arrived at the Hyatt - Regency in Burlingame at about 11:00 am though she was scheduled to speak to a fund - raising brunch at 10:30 am .
Several demonstrators commented that it is typical of Republican officials to swoop into the San Francisco airport and appear at one of Burlingame 's airport hotels in order to make a quick getaway from an overwhelmingly anti-war San Francisco .
Following the vice - presidential candidate 's recent debate with Democratic candidate Joe Biden and her attacks on Obama 's character made at a speech in Carson , CA on October 4 , many protesters ' signs referred to Palin as an outright liar .
ConocoPhillips posted a 41 % rise in third - quarter profit , as higher oil prices overshadowed flat output and narrower refining margins .
The oil producer reported net income of $ 5.19 billion , or $ 3.39 a share , compared with $ 3.67 billion , or $ 2.23 a share , a year earlier .
Revenue climbed 52 % to $ 70 billion .
The latest estimates of analysts polled ...
Google has castigated itself for being an intermediary for malware .
The search giant 's Safe Browsing diagnostic tool reports that google .com avoids spreading malware directly itself but did act as an " intermediary for the infection of three site (s ) including xlovelygirls.com , paincult.com , iteenzy.com " over the last 90 days .
Security experts we contacted about the rating were more puzzled that since Google indexes the whole web - and hackers are always trying to game its systems to increase the search engine rankings of sites harbouring malware - more brushes between Google and malware were n't listed .
In fairness , Google has recognised and attempted to thwart this issue using tools such as its , err , Safe Browsing tool .
In other developments in this area , Google recently revamped its Webmaster Tools software so that it runs tests to determine if a site is hackable .
This might arise , for example , if site admins are using a vulnerable version of WordPress as a blogging tool .
Google 's Webmaster Tools offer a service designed to help webmasters to see their site from the Google 's perspective , facilitating the easier diagnosis of potential problems . ®
Posted December 18 , 2019 at 02:36 pm
With packages for Kickstarter backers out the door , book 3 is now for sale in the store .
Book 3 !
A bundle of books 1 , 2 , and 3 !
Enamel pins !
posted by on October 8 at 13:32 PM
Sarah Palin eloquently explains Obama ’s appeal to Alaskans .
Do n’t know where or when it ’s from , but thank you , Slog Tipper Ryan .
For parents , the data suggest a need to be extra vigilant about what their children eat during the summer .
But that is easier said than done .
While many school districts have nutritionists involved in lunch planning , relatively few summer camp programs do .
Camps tend to focus on food safety  making sure the food does n’t spoil in the hot sun .
And parents who want to pack lunches struggle with the same problem , often resorting to packaged products that will hold up in the hot weather .
“ Camp food is terrible , ” said Susan B. Roberts , director of the energy metabolism laboratory at the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts University .
“ The problem is that they are doing what is easiest  the lowest common denominator for what kids like , and on top of that usually it has to be not something that goes bad and is no work to prepare . ”
Despite the food , children who go to camp at least have the advantage of daily organized physical activity .
Those who do not , particularly those in low - income families , often spend summers at home with little supervision or structure to their day .
They end up watching television or playing video games and grazing on food all day .
“ During the year , television viewing habits are more limited because of school and homework , but in summer , all bets are off , ” said Dr. David Ludwig , director of the obesity program at Children ’s Hospital Boston .
“ They are lying around all day long with little supervision , watching TV and playing video games .
The mythical childhood of summer at the beach is becoming increasingly rare , certainly for children in the inner city . ”
Weight gain aside , even brief exposure to certain foods can shape tastes and preferences for the rest of the year .
Not only do children eat more when watching television , for instance , but they are also exposed to numerous commercials for sugar - and fat - laden foods and snacks .
“ They ’re being exposed to a huge number of food commercials for highest - calorie lowest - quality products , ” Dr. Ludwig said .
“ Those effects have been demonstrated to alter food choice . ”
Parents concerned about those choices can take a lesson from the schools .
Ask baby sitters to create more structure in the summer day , schedule lunches and snacks at regular times when possible and encourage children to take a “ recess ” outdoors a few times a day .
And parents of children in day camp still have control over breakfast and dinner and all meals on weekends .
“ There ’s not a lot of data on children ’s summertime activities , ” said Paul von Hippel , a former Ohio State researcher who was the lead author of last year ’s study .
“ But I think what our data show is that it ’s good to keep kids busy during the summer  just busy enough so they ’re not eating all the time . ”
Cybercrooks have used the latest version of Neosploit to booby - trap an estimated 80,000 legitimate sites with malicious code .
Victims of the attack include government , Fortune 500 , and a weapons manufacturing firm , according to Ian Amit , director of security research at Aladdin Knowledge Systems .
Amit said victims of the attack included the US Postal Service , which has since cleaned up its act .
Amit uncovered the assault while researching the newly - released Neosploit 3.1 hacker toolkit .
During his research , he discovered login credentials for more than 200,000 servers on a server used by cybercrooks .
These credentials included BBC login details fortunately unconnected to the corporation 's news or content sites .
Analysis by Amit and his team at Aladdin suggest that at least three gangs were involved in collecting the list and that 80,000 of these sites had been loaded with malicious code by hackers as part of attempt to infect visiting surfers through drive - by download attacks .
Organisations in 86 countries are said to be affected .
Amit identified the affected orgainsations after examining server logs .
" Out of the 200,000 credentials , nearly 107,000 were validated by the criminal server , and of which , almost 82,000 were used to modify Web related content in order to attack the users of the associated sites , " a statement by Aladdin explains .
Amit explained : " After closer investigation of the data gathered during the research , it came to our attention that not only the criminals were able to get their hands on the [ government 's BBC site , ftp.bbc.co.uk ] .
If not for the sheer luck that the credentials were not associated with any online material , this incident could have ended up infecting the BBC ’s website visitors .
" Additionally , reputable universities such as the University of Bradford , a travel agency ( easytravelgroup.co.uk ) , and of course a lot of internet providers and hosting companies were affected , " he added .
Aladdin is working with CERT and law enforcement agencies worldwide to inform affected organisations about the compromise to their websites .
Incidents where legitimate websites are compromised with malicious code using tactics such as SQL injection attacks have reached epidemic proportions over recent months .
The compromises unearthed by Aladdin join a growing list of assaults and victims .
Previous targets have included the government of the City and County of San Francisco , Microsoft acquisition target atmdt.com , BMW in Mexico , Hackney Council , and BusinessWeek.com .
Tools such as the The Asprox attack toolkit have featured as part and parcel of these previous attacks . ®
With Half - Life 2 : Episode 2 having been released just last year , it 's a safe bet that we wo n't be seeing Gordon Freeman in a new game anytime soon .
But just long will we have to wait ?
Well , according to Doug Lombardi , Valve 's VP or marketing , it will be quite a while .
" The next time you play as Gordon will be longer than the distance between Half - Life 2 to Episode One , and Episode One to Episode Two , " he told Kikizo .
And as for releasing any news about the game , Lombardi teased , " We may at the very end of the year . "
Using Lombardi's math , we can estimate that the third Half - Life 2 episode wo n't be ready until around 2010 ( HL2 was released in 2004 , while HL2:E2 did n't hit until last year ) .
Valve is a developer that is infamous for it 's long development cycles , but like most similar companies , is also renowned for its quality , so the wait should n't come as too much of a surprise .
Let 's just hope that Episode 3 reaches the same level of quality that the previous games in the series did .
I wish I had video to show you , but On Anderson Cooper 360 last night , there was a segment with Ed Rollins , David Gergen , and Paul Begala , and there was a look of palpable fear on the faces of Rollins and Gergen .
Some of the commentary :
ROLLINS : The other fundamental question here is , how do you want to end your career , if John McCain ends his career ?
We ’re now starting to lose — the potential is there to not only lose the Senate , but to lose the Senate leader , the Republican leader , to lose someone like Elizabeth Dole .
We could lose 10 Senate seats .
We could lose 25 House seats .
GERGEN : Wow .
Do you really think 10 ?
That ’s the biggest number I have heard .
ROLLINS : There ’s 12 of them in play .
And I went through the list today .
And it ’s — it ’s — the floor is dropping .
And , so , all of a sudden , he needs to help his party .
He ’s the leader of his party .
*** COOPER : There ’s also the question of ruling after this , and bringing the country together .
It ’s going to be all the more harder to do that whoever wins with all this anger out there .
GERGEN : This —
I think one of the most striking things we ’ve seen now in the last few day .
We ’ve seen it in a Palin rally .
We saw it at the McCain rally today .
And we saw it to a considerable degree during the rescue package legislation .
There is this free floating sort of whipping around anger that could really lead to some violence .
I think we ’re not far from that .
COOPER : Really ?
GERGEN : I think it ’s so — well , I really worry when we get people — when you get the kind of rhetoric that you ’re getting at these rallies now .
I think it ’s really imperative that the candidates try to calm people down .
And that ’s why I ’ve argued not only because of the question of the ugliness of it .
But I think McCain ought to get his campaign off the road and look at the — and get the best economic minds in the country together and come back Monday , Tuesday , with a really serious speech .
He ’s the one who ought to be buying TV time , talking to the country .
These are dangerous times .
People are frantic and losing their jobs , they are terrified about the future .
Years of Republican dominance are coming to an end .
The market is crashing .
We are in two wars .
And right now , it looks like a young black man may be the next President , and after thirty years of culture war , there is a firm “ us ” vs. “ them ” mentality at play in the heartland .
And what the McCain campaign is doing , whipping their supporters into a froth , is dangerous .
This “ he ’s buddies with terrorists ” is irresponsible beyond just the fact that it is nonsense .
Gergen has been around a while , and he chooses his words carefully - incendiary , he said .
Digby :
I know I ’m sounding like a broken record , but what we are really seeing is the beginning of a right wing story line about the next president of the United States — he is a drug user , a foreigner , a terrorist and a traitor .
And the importance of that is that it gives permission to the right wing machine to do anything and everything to destroy him .
He will not really be president , you see .
He will be illegitimate — a usurper .
I just hope the Secret Service know what they are doing .
I was talking to my father last night , who is still a Republican and who thinks I am being short - sighted and erratic myself with my support for a Democrat after years of being a Republican , thinks there is reason for concern .
On the phone , he was audibly shaken by the tone of the campaign - “ Have you heard some of the things they are shouting at the rallies ?
I am afraid where this is heading . ”
I hope he is wrong .
I fear he is right .
*** Update ***
Add Joe Klein to the list of the old hands who have been around for some elections who are concerned :
Watch the tape of the guy screaming , “ He ’s a terrorist ! ” McCain seems to shudder at that , he rolls his eyes … and I thought for a moment he ’d admonish the man .
But he did n’t .
And now he ’s selling the Ayres non -story full - time .
Yes , yes , it ’s all he has .
True enough : he no longer has his honor .
But we are on the edge of some real serious craziness here and it would be nice if McCain did the right thing and told his more bloodthirsty supporters to go home and take a cold shower .
But McCain has n’t done the right thing all year .
His campaign is appalling , as the New York Times editorial board said today–and more , it is a national disgrace .
And Sullivan :
But they are also very very dangerous .
This is a moment of maximal physical danger for the young Democratic nominee .
And McCain is playing with fire .
If he really wants to put country first , he will attack Obama on his policies – not on these inflammatory , personal , creepy grounds .
This is getting close to the atmosphere stoked by the Israeli far right before the assassination of Rabin .
For God ’s sake , McCain , stop it .
For once in this campaign , put your country first .
These are scary and uncertain times .
More here on the angry right .
James Joyner says this is overblown .
I hope he is right .
The Open Source Contributions of Six Blind Men and an Elephant
by Ostatic Staff - Sep. 23 , 2008
The Linux Plumbers Conference may have ended last Friday , but the discussions -- and one discussion in particular -- will be analyzed , deconstructed , and argued for quite a bit longer .
Greg Kroah - Hartman 's assertion is that Canonical does n't contribute significantly to kernel development and the packages that make up the core of a Linux system .
Canonical CTO Matt Zimmerman responded to this assertion .
It seems at that point , much of the community , developers and users alike , took to examining their particular parts of the open source elephant .
Herein lies the problem .
Kroah - Hartman works on the kernel , the " Linux ecosystem . "
He was delivering an address at a conference geared to a particular audience -- people who work on the core of the Linux system .
In this light , his arguments appear completely valid .
He could n't rightly comment on other areas of development , as they were n't in the scope of his experience , or the conference 's focus .
This is also well within reason .
Hackles were raised and legitimate points were perhaps initially missed due to the extreme focus on Canonical , at least during the slideshow part of the presentation ( video and audio of the latter half of the keynote will be posted online as it becomes available , so it is n't possible to comment on the entire keynote ) .
And if initially taken aback , Canonical 's Zimmerman feels it was , in many ways , a productive experience .
The Linux community fights an uphill battle every day .
It feels that much of that time , the community is fighting with itself .
The elephant is like a rope .
The elephant is like a wall .
Linux is the kernel .
Linux is the supporting applications .
To steal the words from the wise man in the elephant parable : " All of you are right .
The reason every one of you is telling it differently is because each one of you touched a different part of the elephant . "
If Kroah - Hartman 's keynote was heavy - handed , and if Zimmerman 's response was defensive is a moot point , now .
Kroah - Hartman is clearly aware there is more to the Linux environment than the kernel , and Zimmerman is willing to look a bit closer at the core development contributions Canonical can offer .
Constructive criticism is difficult .
It is difficult to deliver , and it is even harder to accept .
We may not all contribute equally to the same aspects of a project , but there are no contributions without value .
A kernel without applications to run , and an application without a kernel behind it is as pointless as declaring an elephant 's tail a rope .
WASHINGTON  A federal judge on Tuesday ordered the Bush administration to release 17 detainees at Guantánamo Bay by the end of the week , the first such ruling in nearly seven years of legal disputes over the administration ’s detention policies .
The judge , Ricardo M. Urbina of Federal District Court , ordered that the 17 men be brought to his courtroom on Friday from the prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , where they have been held since 2002 .
He indicated that he would release the men , members of the restive Uighur Muslim minority in western China , into the care of supporters in the United States , initially in the Washington area .
“ I think the moment has arrived for the court to shine the light of constitutionality on the reasons for detention , ” Judge Urbina said .
Saying the men had never fought the United States and were not a security threat , he tersely rejected Bush administration claims that he lacked the power to order the men set free in the United States and government requests that he stay his order to permit an immediate appeal .
The logo of American International Group ( AIG ) is seen at their offices in New York September 18 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Federal Reserve Board said on Wednesday that insurer American International Group will get up to $ 37.8 billion worth of fresh liquidity under a plan that authorizes the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to borrow securities in exchange for cash collateral .
Under the program , the New York Fed will borrow up to $ 37.8 billion in investment - grade , fixed - income securities from AIG .
The securities were previously lent by AIG ’s insurance company subsidiaries to third parties .
The Fed said the new program will allow AIG to replenish liquidity used in settling transactions with counterparties , which have drawn down an $ 85 billion loan the New York Fed arranged to save the company from bankruptcy .
The third - party securities to be loaned to the New York Fed were returned to AIG in those transactions , the Fed said .
Imagine for a minute that attending the Republican convention in St. Paul , sitting in a skybox overlooking the convention floor , were observers from Russia , Iran and Venezuela .
And imagine for a minute what these observers would have been doing when Rudy Giuliani led the delegates in a chant of “ drill , baby , drill ! ”
I ’ll tell you what they would have been doing : the Russian , Iranian and Venezuelan observers would have been up out of their seats , exchanging high - fives and joining in the chant louder than anyone in the hall 
“ Yes !
Yes !
Drill , America , drill ! ”  because an America that is focused first and foremost on drilling for oil is an America more focused on feeding its oil habit than kicking it .
Why would Republicans , the party of business , want to focus our country on breathing life into a 19th - century technology  fossil fuels  rather than giving birth to a 21st - century technology  renewable energy ?
As I have argued before , it reminds me of someone who , on the eve of the I.T. revolution  on the eve of PCs and the Internet  is pounding the table for America to make more I.B.M. typewriters and carbon paper .
“ Typewriters , baby , typewriters . ”
Of course , we ’re going to need oil for many years , but instead of exalting that  with “ drill , baby , drill ”  why not throw all our energy into innovating a whole new industry of clean power with the mantra “ invent , baby , invent ? ”
That is what a party committed to “ change ” would really be doing .
As they say in Texas : “ If all you ever do is all you ’ve ever done , then all you ’ll ever get is all you ever got . ”
Ninety per cent of the 11,000 athletes in attendance at the Games of the 29th Olympiad used dietary supplements of some kind , according to the European Specialist Sports Nutrition Alliance ( ESSNA ) .
There was not a single supplement contamination case .
This will have come as some relief to dietary supplements manufacturers that have not always looked forward to the Olympic Games and other major sporting events as avidly as the public .
For good reason – the extremely high level of scrutiny attached to the bodily inputs of athletes at such meets has on occasion revealed contaminated products that have resulted in athletes being sent home in shame and banned from their respective sports .
Shame too for the industry , as such events fed allegations it was under regulated , its products of erratic quality .
Good games ​
So perhaps Beijing marks a turning point for the industry .
Just as the Chinese capital ’s hosting of the event boosted China ’s public image ( at least while it was on ) , so too has the supplements industry been given a lift by its clean Games performance .
In the run up to the games , some Greek weightlifters and a US athlete , Jessica Hardy , blamed contaminated supplements for doping offences , defences that held little water with authorities , and increasingly , the public .
They were duly banned .
At the Games themselves , some athletes were sent home for doping offences but these were unrelated to supplements use and it seems athletes are less willing to employ the ‘ blame it on the supplements I did n’t know were contaminated ’ line trotted by Hardy and co .
It ’s an argument that has never held much sway with the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) anyway , as the body established in 1999 places a 100 per cent onus on athletes to ensure every bodily input is safe – and legal .
Change​
For this reason many national sporting bodies have warned athletes against taking any ​dietary supplements due to contamination fears .
While many of them retain this stance , change is afoot .
The fact is , as ESSNA chairman Dr Adam Carey notes , if there are safe products on the market that can benefit an athlete ’s performance and overall health , it is verging on negligence to advise athletes against them .
Creatine , peptides , green tea and sports drinks are just a few of those of most interest to athletes .
“ The fact is there are safe supplements out there , ” ​ Carey told NutraIngredients.com today on the eve of a meeting with European Union regulators in Brussels about the possibility of Europe - wide sports nutrient guidelines .
“ By researching and knowing the manufacturing methods of particular brands , athletes and the general public can be sure products will not be contaminated with steroids and other substances . ” ​
In the UK , the group that looks after the interests of elite athletes – UK Sport – recently advised athletes that dietary supplements could be safely used as long they were tested in WADA - certified labs .
Previously it had advised athletes against taking supplements because their safety could not be guaranteed .
Across the pond , the 2007 introduction of Good Manufacturing Practices ( GMPs ) and pending Adverse Event Reporting regulations ( AERs ) , mean quality control in the dietary supplements industry has never been in better shape .
Fifteen years after the 1994 Dietary Supplements and Health Education Act ( DSHEA ) was writ into US law and about ten years after steroids were banned from supplements there , these regulatory models are also influencing manufacturing practices in developing regions such as Asia and Latin America .
Quality ​
The fact its products can be widely used by athletes at an event like the Olympics where WADA scrutiny is at its most intense , is testimony to an industry that has its house in order .
WADA had a 4000 - strong banned substances list and conducted about 5000 doping tests in Beijing .
There is still work to be done .
A 2007 HFL survey of the US market found steroid contamination in 25 per cent of 58 products tested , but many of these products were manufactured by smaller players on the periphery of the industry .
But the centre is moving in the right direction and should be praised for the mature steps it has taken to promote better and safer supplements to an increasingly interested public .
Many more ' good games ' are set to follow .
Shane Starling is the editor of NutraIngredients.com .
If you would like comment on this article email shane.starling 'at' decisionnews.com .​
@ NefariousNewt and @ggodo : " Is that a lightsaber in your pocket , or are you just glad to see me ? " ;-P
Ironically , I remember when Lucasfilm flew in 200 stormtroopers from the 501st Legion to march in the Rose Parade , and the look on airport security 's faces when they tried to send through bags and bags of white armor was priceless .
Luckily , there were quite a few Star Wars fans running the lines so no one got sent to Guantanamo Bay .
By Jon Leyne
BBC News , Tehran
Iran has the second largest known oil reserves in the world
For the past three years , he has been the lucky president .
Everything seems to have fallen the right way for Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran .
There was international disarray over his country 's nuclear programme ; Israel 's ill - thought - out attack on Lebanon in 2006 that spurred support for Hezbollah and the president ; and the perhaps fortuitous capture of a group of British troops off its coast last year .
Above all , record oil prices have enabled Mr Ahmadinejad to go on an unprecedented spending spree at home and abroad , including buying support , according to his critics .
But now his luck may be turning .
In fact , in a few months Iran could face an economic " perfect storm " .
Budget deficit
The maths is simple .
For every dollar on the price of a barrel of oil , Iran earns approximately a billion dollars a year .
The real trouble for the president is that the crunch will probably come just a couple of months before he stands for re-election in June next year
In the past few weeks and months , the price of Iranian oil has dropped between $ 50 and $ 60 a barrel .
The head of the Central Bank of Iran has warned that revenues could be cut by $ 54bn , effectively halving the country 's income from oil , which accounts for the vast majority of both its export earnings and government revenue .
Petropars , a subsidiary of the National Iranian Oil Company ( NOIC ) , has even warned that it could go into bankruptcy .
As the effect of those lower oil prices works through , Iran will face a growing budget deficit .
The International Monetary Fund said in August that Iran would face unsustainable deficits should prices for its oil fall below $ 75 a barrel .
Mr Ahmadinejad will have the choice of cutting spending or printing more money .
But with inflation already over 25 % and unemployment around 10 % , neither is an attractive option .
Election concern
The real trouble for the president is that the crunch will probably come just a couple of months before he stands for re-election in June next year .
Mr Ahmadinejad has been working on a scheme to replace subsidies on basic items with a system of cash payments to the poor .
It is a change most orthodox economists would support , but the idea has a distinctly Iranian twist .
Shops in Iran 's bazaars have been shut because of a strike against VAT
There was due to be an overlap - start the cash payments before withdrawing the subsidies .
And that overlap , conveniently , was due to happen just before the election .
So , Iran 's poor would go to the polls flush with cash , and , of course , grateful to the president .
All that becomes a lot more difficult if the cash has run out .
At this point , many countries might consider raising taxes , but that has huge drawbacks as well .
The government recently tried to impose a 3 % value added tax ( VAT ) on various items , but it quickly provoked a strike among market traders , the so - called bazaaris , in the capital , Tehran , and other major cities .
The bazaaris are credited with playing a crucial role in the success of the Islamic Revolution in 1979 .
Their status and power within Iran is almost mythical .
They are therefore not a group the government wants to antagonise , and the tax was swiftly withdrawn .
Embargo threat
Then there is the international context as well .
Iranians love their cars and any restriction on their freedom to drive will not make them happy
As Iran confronts the world over its controversial nuclear programme , high oil prices have been the insurance policy .
When oil was nudging $ 150 a barrel , it knew the world did not dare risk pushing prices even higher by imposing tough new sanctions , let alone military confrontation .
That all looks very different now .
The strongest tool in the armoury of the US and Europe may be to impose an embargo on petrol sales to Iran .
If Russia blocks agreement at the UN Security Council , they could act unilaterally , or multilaterally .
Amazingly , this oil rich country is heavily dependent on petrol imports because of a lack of refinery capacity .
Iranians love their cars and any restriction on their freedom to drive will not make them happy .
Low oil prices make this a distinct possibility .
Iran is pressing fellow Opec members for a staged cut in production
At the very least , the global credit crunch means there is simply not the money in the global economy for the sort of multi-billion dollar investment that Iran needs for its oil and gas fields .
The government 's immediate response has been to call for higher oil prices .
At an emergency meeting of the oil producers ' cartel , Opec , on Friday , it will press for a staged cut in production , aimed at bringing down oil output by 2.5 million barrels of oil a day .
Ideally , Iran would like to see oil back at $ 100 .
The realists here know their best hope is probably to keep prices steady , between $ 70 and $ 80 a barrel .
The question everyone in the know in Iran keeps asking is : what is the magic number ?
What price oil does Iran need to keep afloat ?
Whatever the precise answer , it is looking increasingly likely that President Ahmadinejad 's luck has finally run out .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President George W. Bush warned on Wednesday that the United States was in the middle of a serious financial crisis that could push the economy into a long - term recession if the government did not act .
In a televised address aimed at persuading the public to support a $ 700 billion financial bailout being negotiated with Congress , Bush said his “ natural instinct ” was to oppose government intervention in the financial sector , but the financial turmoil called for a different approach .
“ I believe companies that make bad decisions should be allowed to go out of business , ” Bush said .
“ Under normal circumstances , I would have followed this course .
But these are not normal circumstances . ”
He cited a market that was not functioning properly , a widespread loss of confidence and major financial sectors at risk of shutting down .
More financial distress could lead more banks to fail , the stock market to drop further , businesses to close , job losses and home values to drop , Bush said .
“ And , ultimately , our country could experience a long and painful recession , ” Bush said .
“ Fellow citizens , we must not let this happen . ”
Less than two hours before the speech , Bush telephoned Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama and invited him to the White House on Thursday for a meeting with congressional leaders and Republican nominee John McCain on the financial bailout package .
Obama accepted and McCain had already said he would suspend his campaign and return to Washington to help work on the bailout .
The Bush administration and Congress have been trying to hammer out an agreement on a plan that would allow the government to step in and take illiquid loans from shaky Wall Street firms to address financial turmoil in the markets .
The unprecedented bailout has met skepticism and anger from lawmakers who argue that the administration ’s proposal should not just be rubber - stamped .
But they have also avoided suggesting they would block the plan for fear of spooking the markets .
Bush said again that urgent action was needed to bolster the markets .
His last prime - time national televised address was on September 13 , 2007 , when he spoke of the “ way forward in Iraq . ”
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , said Bush had a lot of explaining to do in his speech .
“ It is time for him to explain why his administration sat on its hands for months and only now has come to realize the need for immediate and unprecedented government action , ” Reid said before Bush ’s address .
We all hate Borat :
The poor Romanian villagers humiliated by Sacha Baron Cohen 's spoof documentary
Seventeen - year - old Carmen Ciorebea may be a listless teenager , but she is resolute about one thing .
' Glod is a terrible , terrible village .
Nothing ever happens and there is nothing beautiful to see here , ' she sighs .
' I will never be happy here . '
Sacha Baron Cohen as Borat
She is not alone in these sentiments , which are shared by many in the poverty - stricken Romanian village , nestled in the shadow of the Carpathian mountains north - west of Bucharest .
Life is hard here : toilets are little more than sheltered holes in the ground , and horses and donkeys are the only source of transport .
Most people eke out a living peddling scrap iron or working scrubby patches of land .
So when a Hollywood film crew descended on Glod three years ago to make a ' documentary ' about their lives , many of the 1,000 residents were only too happy to take the £ 3 that was offered to anyone who participated .
If the tall , lanky and moustached presenter seemed a little odd , who were they to question the ways of the world of television ?
They said nothing when this rather manic Borat character installed a cow in one of their homes , or was filmed being transported in a car , which , although perfectly serviceable , should , he insisted , be pulled along by a horse .
But then the villagers of Glod were not to know that Borat , aka the comedian Sacha Baron Cohen , was not making a documentary but a comedy film , with some of the laughs very much at their expense .
In it , Glod and its residents would play the part of Borat 's home town in Kazakhstan .
Only when watching the film on the small , crackly TV in their local bar , did the truth start to dawn : here they were , portrayed as a backward group of rapists , abortionists and prostitutes , who happily also engage in casual incest .
One local girl , ' cast ' as Borat 's sister , is described as the ' number - four prostitute in the whole of Kazakhstan ' .
An elderly lady unwittingly plays the part of Borat 's ' 47 - year - old ' mother .
The village mechanic is cast as the local abortionist .
All of them were dumbfounded - their horror captured by a TV crew who returned to Glod to witness the aftermath of the Borat bandwagon for a forthcoming documentary .
In Storyville : When Borat Came To Town , they show the fallout among villagers as they confront their humiliation and try to seek legal recompense .
Little , on the surface , has changed two years after Baron Cohen 's crew departed .
The village still has no sewerage or running water , and few of the residents have regular work .
Most young girls are encouraged to marry at 15 or 16 .
At 17 , Carmen , granddaughter of the mechanic - cum - abortionist ' Spiridom Ciorebea , is already , her father Ion relates , considered a ' granny ' because she has refused to wed .
This time round , the villagers are far more hostile to the presence of a camera crew .
Many refuse to be filmed , others ask for money .
Those that do agree to talk relate their anger and shame about the way they were portrayed .
Sacha Baron Cohen with the residents of Glod in the film
For Spiridom , the revelation of his role was a profound shock .
' They portrayed me as a gynaecologist and that I do abortions .
I 'm not a doctor , and I 'm not a criminal .
I do n't do abortions , and that 's the thing that bothers me most .
If it was a documentary that was really about us , I would n't mind . '
Another resident , Nicolae Tudorache - who was told at the time that the rubber sex toy filmmakers attached to his amputated arm was , in fact , a prosthetic - was equally devastated .
' It is disgusting .
They conned us into doing all these things and never told us anything about what was going on .
They made us look like primitives ; like uncivilised savages .
They made millions , but only paid us about £ 3 . '
Nor was their humiliation the only issue the villagers had to contend with : in the aftermath of the film , lawyers arrived at the village promising to secure compensation for the community .
Among them were the German lawyer Michael Witti , and Ed Fagan , a US attorney who helped win victims of the Holocaust a settlement of £ 653 million after filing lawsuits against Swiss banks that had allegedly failed to repay money stolen by the Nazis .
As BBC cameras watch , Fagan is shown at a Spiridom family meeting as Ion and Carmen vow revenge .
' My job , ' says Fagan , 'is to make Baron Cohen pay .
I want you to mess up his life , like he messed up your life .
You can kill his career . '
The lawsuit , Fagan explains , could be worth as much as £ 15 million .
Exploited : Spiridom ( left ) and Ion Ciorebea
For Ion , the lawyer 's promises represented a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity - with that kind of money , he could transform Glod , bring running water to the village , and set up a manufacturing industry that would provide everyone with safe and secure work .
As the film reveals , not everyone was convinced .
One local resident , who declines to be named , rejects the lawyer 's approaches with a declaration of his own .
' You make fun of me and I do n't trust you .
You come with your pockets full of money , I do n't want that . '
Ion remained unbowed , however : he was persuaded by the lawyers , alongside his grandfather and Nico Tudorache , to become one of three plaintiffs representing the village in a lawsuit against Cohen and the film - makers Twentieth Century Fox .
The three men left the village to fly to the US , where they hoped to attend the Oscars and confront Baron Cohen .
It was an ambitious notion - and a notion it remained .
Unable to obtain visas to enter the US , the three villagers just presented a petition to the London offices of Twentieth Century Fox before being escorted off the premises by security .
As Ion later reflects , ' It is chaos .
I do n't know what the lawyers want to do with us . '
A year later , he is still unable to answer the question .
So far , the compensation claim has stalled .
The lawyers no longer visit the village or even return Ion 's calls .
The stress of fighting for compensation has taken its toll on Ion 's health and he has had a heart attack .
' I do n't care about anything any more - I can't handle it , ' he says .
' The villagers do n't believe me .
They think I 've got the money .
I 've got a lot of enemies now .
We are ridiculed once again .
First with the movie and then with the lawsuit . '
His daughter feels her father 's anguish .
'
Daddy feels bad because he promised the villagers improvements he has n't been able to carry out , ' Carmen says .
She , at least , has some form of happy ending : she has married a local boy and is now expecting their first child . '
She now believes that she may be happy in Glod after all .
Sacha Baron Cohen and his film crew have left the villagers nursing a bitterness that will take many years to evaporate .
Little wonder his name is mud in this muddy village - and his fate assured should he ever try and return .
' We will kill him , ' one villager vows .
Storyville : When Borat Came To Town , BBC4 , 27 October , 10 pm .
Mercola.com
Tuesday , Sept 23 , 2008
Iran ’s President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the US military intervention abroad is partly to blame for the economic turmoil on Wall Street .
“ Problems do not arise suddenly , ” President Ahmadinejad told The Los Angeles Times .
“ The US government has made a series of mistakes in the past few decades .
First , the imposition on the US economy of heavy military engagement and involvement around the world . . . the war in Iraq , for example .
. .
These are heavy costs , ” he added .
The US government has announced that it has so far spent more than $ 522 billion on the nearly five - year - old war , with another $ 70 billion already allocated for the year 2008 .
However , Nobel - winning economist Joseph Stiglitz revealed in March that the true costs are at least $ 3 trillion and could surpass the cost of World War II , an estimated $ 5 trillion after adjusting for inflation .
( Article continues below )
The Iranian president , who is in New York to attend the UN General Assembly for the fourth time since he took office in August 2005 , warned that the world could no longer tolerate the trouble caused by the fragile economy of the United States .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ The world economy can no longer tolerate the budgetary deficit and the financial pressures occurring from markets here in the United States , and by the US government , ” he said .
President Ahmadinejad ’s remarks came following the massive Wall Street meltdown , which has been described by analysts as even a worst setback since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
The Iranian president expressed hope that the next US president , whether Republican or Democrat , would not pursue President George W. Bush ’s ‘ logic of force ’ .
“ We do not believe that the US policy perspective , looking at the rest of the world as a field of confrontation , will give good results , ” President Ahmadinejad concluded .
I have been studying a grain of sand under my very poweful 10 X magnifying glass .
I still can not see the atoms .
My daughter ( 10 years ) tells me they are a lot smaller than that ... yeah right !!!.. LOL .. anyway ... my best guess is that there could be about what 20 - 30 atoms in a grain of sand ?
My daughter ( still 10 ) reckons there 's billions !!.. LOL ... come on ... get real !!..
Do I really have to move up to my 15 x magnifying glass to to see them or not ?
So , how many atoms are there in a grain of sand ... she wins £ 10 if there is more than a hundred !!
I win a hug if there is less .... I am confident .
Amanda Beard Says " Ew , No ! " to Michael Phelps ( Photos )
, Olympic swimmer and Playboy model , has wrapped up her fourth consecutive Olympic stint amid rumors that she and champion swimmerare a couple .
Beard was interviewed by a Phoenix radio station with the main topic of conversation centering on her love life .
Amanda , in a moment of insensitivity , had this to say when asked if she was in a relationship with the 8 gold medal phenom :
" Ew , No ! I am not dating Michael Phelps !
I have never , ever in my life hooked up with Michael Phelps .
I have really good taste .
He 's not really my type , personally .
To tell you the truth , we do n't even talk to each other . "
Michael Phelps was asked the same question byon his morning radio show .
He said , " my private life is my private life .
I have to keep something private .
You guys know everything else . "
Another rumor is that Phelps is dating
In a bizarre twist , Wheaties will not be featuring Michael Phelps with his 8 gold medals .
Kellogg 's struck a deal with the athlete to feature his medal laden likeness on their boxes of Frosted Flakes and Corn Flakes .
Check out Amanda Beard Playboy
Pics here .
We 've also got Ashley Harkleroad Playboy Pics here .
Four German Olympic athletes appeared in Playboy .
Check out Amanda in her HOT red bikini below - click to enlarge .
Source : bostonherald.com
The Dow Jones had its largest drop ever after the bailout failed to pass in the House .
Poll : GOP blamed for failed bailout
Respondents to a new ABC News / Washington
Post poll blame Republicans over Democrats by more than a two - to - one margin for Monday ’s failed vote on the $ 700 billion bailout package .
The poll , conducted Monday evening after the vote , reported 44 percent of respondents said the GOP is “ mainly responsible ” for the failed deal .
Twenty - one percent blamed Democrats while 17 percent said the two parties share equal blame .
The survey interviewed 424 registered voters and has a five percent margin of error .
Advertisement
Forty - seven percent of those polled oppose the bailout while 45 percent said they support it .
Only a slim majority , 51 percent , expressed confidence that the proposed bailout would prevent the current financial crisis from getting worse .
But while Americans are split over the bailout , a vast majority , 88 percent , said the failed vote “ could lead to a more severe economic decline . ”
House leaders on both sides have blamed the other party for Monday ’s vote , but seem ready to reconvene Thursday to hash out their difference on a new package .
Both Barack Obama and John McCain support the bailout and say they have been in continued discussions with the White House and party leaders as they work on a new deal .
White House spokesman Tony Fratto said Tuesday that Bush , “ intends to stay here to work on this financial rescue package with members of Congress for as long as it takes to get this done , because it is — it is critical . ”
The ABC News / Washington
Post poll is the first major survey since Monday ’s failed vote .
Steve Foley , who played drums for The Replacements late in their career , died this past weekend in Minneapolis .
He was 49 .
Reports are citing an accidental overdose of prescription medication as the cause .
In 1990 Foley , who had played in Minneapolis bands such as Curtiss A , Wheelo and Snaps , was brought in to replace original Mats drummer Chris Mars .
He toured with the band until their final show on July 4 , 1991 in Chicago 's Grant Park .
He and his brother later joined Tommy Stinson 's band Bash & Pop .
In recent years Steve worked as a car salesman in Minneapolis .
Our deepest condolences go out to Steve 's family and friends .
Domain Only
If you already have your own web development team , we can help you find a domain that 's perfect for your project , whether it 's opportunities with this domain or another premium domain .
Contact us to help with your domain search .
US regulators have ignored expert safety advice in an attempt to cut corners and fast track the completion of a $ 4 billion nuclear fuel facility currently under construction near Aiken , South Carolina .
The accusation is reported in the September issue of The Chemical Engineer magazine , published by the Institution of Chemical Engineers ( IChemE ) .
Nuclear disarmament treaties have resulted in a large surplus of weapons - grade plutonium .
The US government has initiated moves to build and operate a mixed oxide fuel fabrication facility ( MOFFF ) that will convert recovered plutonium into fuel rods for use in civil nuclear power generation .
However , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) has ‘ hushed up ’ a highly critical assessment of the plant ’s engineering by its top independent reviewer according to Adam Duckett , a senior reporter on The Chemical Engineer .
The claims are made by Dan Tedder , Emeritus Professor of Chemical Engineering at Georgia Institute of Technology .
Tedder , who was hired by the NRC as an independent technical reviewer in April 2007 , told The Chemical Engineer that basic chemical process design information was incomplete and presented serious safety implications .
“ When they go operational there will be safety problems ” , says Tedder .
“ The documentation provided in the license application is very superficial and lacks the type of technical depth I would expect .
It is n’t consistent with reasonable and generally - accepted good engineering practice – I ’ve never seen such a crazy system . ”
Whilst the NRC has refuted the accusations as “ baseless ” , it has refused access to the disputed documents on the grounds that they are designated ‘ Proprietary or Official Use Only - Security Reacted Information ’ , a move that does little to allay concerns over the safety of the MOFFF plant .
The issue has highlighted the need for competent professional chemical engineers in the creation of new nuclear facilities , says IChemE ’s director of policy , Andrew Furlong : “ This unfortunate episode raises some serious questions .
Tedder ’s claim that basic information – including process flow diagrams and energy balances – is either flawed or incomplete deserves further scrutiny .
It is critically important that chemical engineers working to the highest possible technical and professional standards are involved in every stage of the design and construction process . ”
“ The Chemical Engineer will continue to monitor developments in South Carolina and report any matters that we consider to be in the public interest ” , concludes Furlong .
The CNN Election Timeline Tracker displays national CNN Poll of Poll results for presidential contenders Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain .
The CNN Poll of Polls are calculated using a variety of polling organizations including CNN / Opinion Research , Gallup , Mason - Dixon , Hotline / Diageo , Quinnipiac and Ipsos .
Issue Tracker
The CNN Election Issues Tracker displays the latest polling on what Americans say are the most important issues this year , including the economy , Iraq , health care , education , illegal immigration , homeland security , Iran , energy , and a range of other social , domestic and international issues .
Is your life completely devoid of meaning ?
Are you so unable to motivate yourself that you require some quotation from a famous person that was taken out of context to sound more general and vague , therefore more relatable to weak - brained schlubs such as yourself ?
You make me sick .
Oh , and here 's a gadget for you : the secrets of Life and Words of Wisdom button .
Yes , it 's a button that farts out motivational phrases for you .
Yes , with quotes from such visionary thinkers as Benjamin Franklin , Conrad Hilton and Vince Lombardi , there 's just no way you 'll miss out on a single one of the lofty achievements promised by the button 's website :
- turn rejection into opportunity - enjoy more friends - get what you want out of life - be creative on demand - eliminate stage fright - not be arrogant - save face - adapt easily to change - stop little problems from growing bigger - learn a foreign language - show someone you love them - quickly alleviate despair - keep your mind young - build wealth - not be annoying - decrease fears - become an expert in your field - find your passion in life - handle criticism - be courageous - dream big - believe attitude is everything - master your fears - make failure your friend - become an expert in your field - respond to adversity
Advertisement
Boy , who knew that hearing a gadget say " We have nothing to fear but fear itself " would help me learn a foreign language or not be annoying .
Yeah , because there 's nothing less annoying than someone with no original thoughts that just spouts out quotations .
Or someone who spends all their money on gimmicky garbage and then complains about not having enough money .
Only $ 30 !
Buy today , you moron !
[ Product Page ]
As watchdog files complaint , US vice - presidential candidate says men in her position would not face same scrutiny
The storm over Sarah Palin 's lavish clothing budget continued today as a watchdog group filed a campaign finance complaint against her , while the vice - presidential nominee herself blamed the row on sexism .
In a complaint filed to the US federal election commission , the group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( Crew ) argued that Republicans violated campaign finance rules when they spent $ 150,000 ( £ 96,000 ) on clothes for Palin and her family .
The purchases came from a joint account , controlled by both national Republicans and John McCain 's campaign .
At issue is whether the " personal use " ban on buying clothes with campaign money – a reform promoted by McCain himself – applies to such joint accounts .
" It is ridiculous that [ Republicans ] would spend $ 150,000 to outfit a vice - presidential nominee and her family at any time , but it is more outrageous given the dire financial straits of so many Americans and the state of our economy , " said Melanie Sloan , the executive director of Crew and a federal prosecutor during the Clinton administration .
" As if that is n't bad enough , the expenditures violate campaign finance law . "
In an interview with the Chicago Tribune newspaper , Palin suggested that male candidates who dressed sharply for the campaign trail would not have faced the same scrutiny .
" I think Hillary Clinton was held to a different standard in her primary
race , " Palin said .
" Do you remember the conversations that took place about
her ?
Say , superficial things that they do n't talk about with men , her
wardrobe and her hairstyles , all of that ?
That 's a bit of that double
standard , " she said .
Palin said the clothes purchased were not in line with her family 's personality and most of them were sitting unopened on her campaign plane .
" The whole thing is just bad ! " she said .
" Oh , if only people knew how
frugal we are .
It 's kind of painful to be criticised for something when all
the facts are not out there and are not reported . "
The Crew complaint is unlikely to come before the election commission
ahead of the election on November 4 .
But it does keep the Palin clothes budget on the political agenda for another day at a time when negative press of any kind could damage the McCain camp .
Campaign finance experts are split on the legality of the purchases , with some concluding that the Republican national committee was allowed to buy the clothes and other election lawyers wondering whether regulators would use the occasion to set a new policy on the subject .
Tensions show no sign of abating in the border area Pakistani troops have fired warning shots at two US helicopters forcing them back into Afghanistan , local Pakistani intelligence officials say .
The helicopters flew into the tribal North Waziristan region from Afghanistan 's Khost province at around midnight , the reports say .
Tensions have risen after an increase in US attacks targeting militants .
The incident comes amid mounting security fears after a militant bomb attack on the Islamabad Marriott hotel .
Pakistan 's army has said it will defend the country 's sovereignty and reserves the right to retaliate to any border violations .
The government has said it will take targeted action against the militants , promising raids in some " hotspots " near the border with Afghanistan .
Meanwhile in the city of Peshawar , Afghan consul Abdul Khaliq Farahi was kidnapped after six unidentified men ambushed his car , officials say .
His driver died in the attack .
' Firing in the air '
Last week Pakistani troops fired into the air to prevent US ground troops crossing the border into South Waziristan .
BORDER TENSIONS 3 Sept : First reported ground assault by US troops in Pakistan - Islamabad responds furiously 15 Sept : Pakistani troops reportedly fire in air to stop US troops crossing in S Waziristan 17 Sept : Top US military chief Adm Mike Mullen visits Pakistan to calm tensions 16 Sept : Pakistan says it was not told of fresh US missile strike 22 Sept : Pakistani troops in fresh firing to deter US incursion into N Waziristan , officials say
Confusion over Marriott ' escape '
' We are all in pain and agony '
The latest confrontation between US and Pakistani forces took place in North Waziristan 's sparsely populated Ghulam Khan district , west of the main town in the region , Miranshah , local officials say .
They told the BBC that troops at border posts in the mountainous region fired at two US helicopters which crossed into Pakistani territory .
The helicopters returned to Afghanistan without retaliating .
A senior security official based in Islamabad told the AFP news agency that the helicopters had been repelled by both army troops and soldiers from the paramilitary Frontier Corps ( FC ) .
" The helicopters were heading towards our border .
We were alert and when they were right on the boundary line we started aerial firing .
They hovered for a few minutes and went back , " the official said .
" About 30 minutes later they made another attempt .
We retaliated again , firing in the air and not in their direction , from both the army position and the FC position , and they went back . "
A Pakistani military spokesman , Maj Murad Khan , said he had no information " on border violation by the American helicopters " .
The US military in Afghanistan also said it had no information on the incident .
The BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad says after increased American incursions this month , the army stressed that it reserved the right to retaliate .
Our correspondent says standard procedure would be to first fire warning shots .
' Crisis in relations '
The two countries held talks last week on anti-militant co-ordination .
Anti-US feelings are on the rise in Pakistan America 's top military officer , Admiral Mike Mullen , flew to Islamabad to try to calm the crisis in relations but tensions remain high , our correspondent says .
As well as reported incursions , there have been a number of US missile attacks aimed at militants in Pakistan territory in recent weeks .
The Americans stepped up their strikes after criticism that Pakistani troops were unable or unwilling to eliminate Taleban sanctuaries along the border .
Waziristan is one of the main areas from which Islamist militants launch attacks into Afghanistan .
It emerged earlier this month that US President George W Bush has in recent months authorised military raids against militants inside Pakistan without prior approval from Islamabad .
Pakistan reacted with diplomatic fury when US helicopters landed troops in South Waziristan on 3 September .
It was the first ground assault by US troops in Pakistan .
Pakistan 's army has warned that the aggressive US policy will widen the insurgency by uniting tribesmen with the Taleban .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
ID Cards for Port Workers
While I am strongly opposed to a national ID , I have consistently said that giving strongly secured ID cards to groups like port workers is a good idea .
It ’s happening in New England :
The scannable card serves as proof that a background check has been performed and it contains features aimed at preventing misuse .
In addition to a photograph , the card contains a smart chip that carries a copy of the holder ’s fingerprint .
Port and delivery workers , cargo handlers , and other employees who must venture into sensitive or secure areas will be required to submit to a fingerprint scan before entering those locations .
The scanning machine will automatically perform a match analysis with the fingerprint embedded in the smart chip .
This is a great application for these cards .
Posted on October 21 , 2008 at 1:28 PM • 31 Comments
Webkit 's strengths
In the wake of Google 's release of the new WebKit - based Chrome browser , some technology enthusiasts are beginning to wonder if the days are numbered for Mozilla 's Gecko rendering engine .
Despite the growing popularity of WebKit , those who understand the differences between the two rendering engines and have an appreciation of Gecko's technical strengths , recognize that there is no basis for speculation about the possibility of Mozilla adopting it for future versions of Firefox .
WebKit is an open - source HTML rendering engine that was developed by Apple with code from KDE 's KHTML project .
As we noted in our Chrome review , WebKit is an extremely lightweight renderer that is often praised for its tight and clean code base , excellent standards - compliance , and small memory footprint .
These characteristics have made it a popular choice for browser implementers and numerous other adopters .
WebKit is primarily used in Apple 's Safari web browser and on the iPhone , but high - profile third - party users include Adobe , Nokia , and Trolltech .
WebKit is also used by a multitude of other lesser - known browsers , including iCab , Omniweb , Shiira , and Epiphany .
It 's a favorite in the alternative - OS community as well , and is making its way to Haiku , Syllable , and even Amiga .
On the Linux desktop , programmers ( including myself ) are increasingly using it to build rich Internet applications .
After evaluating all of the available choices , Google saw WebKit as the obvious choice for both its Android mobile browser and for Chrome on the desktop .
The consensus of the developers who are using WebKit is clear : it 's an outstanding rendering engine that lends itself to an extremely diverse assortment of practical uses .
It is everywhere , and it is gaining traction at a very impressive rate .
That traction is causing some developers to question whether Mozilla 's Gecko rendering engine is still relevant .
Why Apple rejected Gecko
Gecko , which originated at Netscape and predates KHTML , is often criticized for its large and infamously complex code base .
Gecko has always been extraordinarily powerful , but its richest and most impressive capabilities originally came at a high cost in size , complexity , and memory overhead .
The consequence is that Gecko is unsuitable for adoption in many places where its additional functionality is an impediment instead of an asset .
One of the primary reasons for the enormous complexity of the Gecko code base is that it aims to provide much more than just an HTML renderer .
Mozilla 's early goals were extremely ambitious — the original Mozilla application suite included a browser , a complete mail and newsgroup program , a web design tool , and an IRC client .
In addition to rendering HTML , Gecko also provides a versatile XML - based user interface rendering framework called XUL that was used extensively in those applications .
XUL is still used today to create the Firefox user interface , and it facilitates that browser 's support for extensions , which are regarded by many enthusiasts as one of the most valuable features offered by Firefox .
Another reason for much of the complexity in Gecko is the use of XPCOM , a powerful component system .
Although XPCOM brings a lot of really compelling capabilities to Gecko and made the entire engine highly modular , some developers embraced it too enthusiastically and used it in places where it was probably not wise to do so .
When Ars interviewed former Mozilla developer Scott Collins back in 2004 , he listed the excessive use of XPCOM among Mozilla 's top mistakes .
With all of the complexity introduced by XUL and XPCOM , it made sense for Apple to choose something lighter for Safari .
Apple wanted to make a browser that could be integrated tightly with Mac OS X .
It 's also possible that they foresaw the need for a rendering engine that could scale down to a mobile device , a factor that also made KHTML a better solution than Gecko at the time .
When Apple chose to use KHTML for Safari in 2003 , Mozilla 's Mike Shaver responded with a blog entry acknowledging Gecko's weaknesses .
He also astutely predicted that Apple would become an ally in promoting open web standards and that Apple 's decision to create its own browser would provide many opportunities for mutual learning and improvement .
" Gecko missed its ' small and lean ' target by an area code , and we 've been slogging back towards the goal , dragging our profilers and benchmarks behind us , for years .
If I had to write a new browser , and I was going to have to touch the layout code in a serious way , I would think about Mozilla alternatives , " he wrote back in 2003 .
" I really really hope that Mozilla will learn from Safari / KHTML , because they 've done a lot of great work in about a tenth of the code . "
A revamped Gecko puts the fire in Firefox 3
A lot of things have changed since 2003 , and the Gecko code base has come a long way .
Gecko is still very complex , but many of its historical weaknesses have been addressed by Mozilla 's engineering efforts .
Gecko received a massive overhaul for Firefox 3 , with countless changes that significantly improved the entire browsing experience .
Gecko 1.9 uses the cross-platform Cairo rendering framework .
This greatly improved SVG support simplified many aspects of the code base and facilitated some cool features , like support for full - page zooming .
The overhaul also included significant refactoring of the reflow algorithm , making it possible for Gecko to pass the Acid 2 test .
Mozilla also aggressively reduced memory consumption , coming out ahead of both Safari and Opera .
Usage of XPCOM has been decreased in many places over the years , and its resource overhead was reduced by the new cycle collector .
This work will continue as Mozilla purges XPCOM more extensively from Gecko in preparation for Firefox 4 and replaces XPCOM reference counting with real garbage collection .
Ongoing development efforts are addressing other Gecko weaknesses , too .
For instance , Gecko improvements that landed in the first Firefox 3.1 alpha add support for some CSS 3 features that are implemented in WebKit .
There are also lots of performance improvements that make Gecko more competitive .
Mozilla 's TraceMonkey engine landed in recent nightly builds and will likely be included in 3.1 ; it massively boosts JavaScript performance .
From a technical perspective , Gecko is now very solid and no longer lags behind WebKit .
A testament to the rate at which Gecko has been improving is its newfound viability in the mobile space , where it was practically considered a nonstarter not too long ago .
Mozilla clearly has the resources , developer expertise , and community support to take Gecko anywhere that WebKit can go .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Oil dropped nearly $ 4 a barrel on Friday as concerns about a global recession and slowing fuel demand took the steam out of an OPEC agreement to cut output .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed at an emergency meeting in Vienna to take 1.5 million barrels a day of crude , about 5 percent of its supply , off the world market .
Saudia Arabia ’s Oil Minister Ali al - Naimi said the reduction would take effect from November1 .
U.S. light crude for December delivery settled $ 3.69 weaker at $ 64.15 a barrel , after falling as low as $ 62.65 , its lowest since May 2007 .
It has fallen more than $ 40 a barrel in a month .
London Brent crude settled down $ 3.87 at $ 62.05 .
Traders said OPEC ’s action might not be enough to arrest oil ’s slide of more than 56 percent from a record $ 147 a barrel in July .
Drops in motor fuel demand amid the economic downturn have been dramatic .
“ Already we ’ve seen demand destruction of 2 million barrels per day .
I ’m not convinced this cut will be enough to stop the slide , ” said Rob Laughlin , at broker MF Global .
Signs of a sharp slowdown in Europe and a barrage of profit warnings and job cut announcements from companies around the world intensified fears of deep global recession .
The U.S. Energy Information Administration said this week that oil products demand in the world ’s biggest energy consumer during the previous four weeks was 18.7 million barrels per day , down 8.5 percent from a year ago .
Meanwhile , the U.S. Transportation Department said motorists drove 15 billion miles ( 24 billion km ) less in August than they did a year earlier for the biggest decline in any month ever recorded .
NERVOUS MARKETS
Oil has plunged as the credit crisis hit economic growth and fuel demand in the United States and other industrial countries .
“ We believe this week will mark the start of a new quota reduction cycle by OPEC and it will continue through 2009 , ” Deutsche Bank analyst Michael Lewis said in a note .
United Arab Emirates ' Energy Minister Mohamed bin Dhaen al - Hamli ( L ) and Qatar 's Energy Minister Abdullah bin Hamad al - Attiyah arrive at the OPEC headquarters for an extraordinary OPEC meeting in Vienna , October 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Herwig Prammer
“ However , we believe production cuts will not rescue the oil price , ” he said .
The bank expects U.S. crude oil prices will hit $ 50 a barrel next year .
The International Energy Agency , which advises industrialized consumer countries , was critical of OPEC ’s cut .
“ It ’s not a helpful decision because markets are quite nervous , ” Eduardo Lopez , senior analyst at the IEA ’s oil market division said .
U.S. stocks tumbled and European shares had their lowest close in 5 - 1 / 2 years , continuing a global collapse in equities as investors fearing a long and deep worldwide recession cashed out of risky assets .
“ OPEC actions notwithstanding , the market is clearly being influenced more by the apocalyptic psychology currently pervading all markets , ” said Mike Fitzpatrick , vice president at MF Global in New York .
Gold pared losses after sliding 5 percent in early trade , as the dollar retreated from highs against the euro and investors took advantage of lower prices to buy into the metal .
Sidewalks and streets at Ground Zero were , at least temporarily , free of illegal vendors and hawkers on Monday afternoon after city officials demanded a crackdown on the selling of September 11 memorabilia , knockoff designer handbags and watches .
" You ca n't hawk at Ground Zero .
It 's distasteful and it's illegal , " said Manhattan borough president Scott Stringer .
" It gives Ground Zero a carnival atmosphere .
It 's inappropriate , especially for the families that go there to pay their respects . "
Scores of September 11 hawkers have become a mainstay at Ground Zero .
They flash photographs of exploding debris and images of the twin towers crumbling in the faces of tourists and passersby at the Liberty Street New York fire department firehouse , and in front of the Tribute Centre , the official World Trade Centre museum .
Some hawkers even sell the pictures at the fence where tourists gather to view the site by a Port Authority sign saying it is " prohibited " for vendors to sell there .
The sign asks tourists to " refrain " from buying items .
It also suggests tourists buy their collectibles at the Tribute Centre gift shop , which " offers authorised commemorative WTC items . "
Proceeds are donated to the September 11th Families Association .
Church Street was also empty of vendors and their tables where they usually sell glass figurines of the World Trade Centre , T - shirts and hats .
In front of the Century 21 department store no one was selling the usual knockoff designer bags , watches and sunglasses to the throngs of tourists thus easing pedestrian traffic .
Still , a handful of illegal vendors returned later to Ground Zero , quietly selling on the corner of Vesey and Church streets -- discreetly approaching tourists with 9/11 photographs .
They were back also at Liberty Street , hawking next to the firehouse and fence .
" The police move us and give us tickets , " said one photo vendor who did not want to give his name .
" I 've been doing this for two months , and it puts food on the table for my family . "
He said he knows some people are offended , " but the tourists are really interested .
They want to know what happened here , " he said in Spanish .
The New York Port Authority and police department have been ticketing illegal vendors since 2005 , said Steven Coleman , port authority spokesman .
Elizabeth Berger , president of the Alliance of Downtown New York , said illegal vending on Liberty and Church streets is " a public safety issue .
It 's crowded with hundreds of thousands of people .
There is construction , and illegal vending frankly violates the sanctity of the site . "
Police commissioner Ray Kelly said police have repeatedly arrested illegal vendors at the World Trade Centre site only to have them return after paying nominal fines .
Kelly pointed out , however , that police can't keep track of multiple offenders because , by law , they can't usually fingerprint vendors since they are charged with violating the city 's administrative code , not the state penal law .
That means prosecutors and judges can't keep track of which are recidivists and therefore subject to steeper fines .
ROANOKE , Va. 
Where ’s Miles Davis ?
Who kidnapped Elvis ?
Up there on the riser in the Virginia arena , there is this careful guy reading from a teleprompter and keeping his tone not exactly monotone but not exactly soaring , and he is repeating more or less the same lines that he read the night before and the same lines he will read the day after .
Once , the artist formerly known as Barack Obama , the slim , smooth - faced fellow with the close - cropped hair and the trumpet of a voice would riff on 14 varieties of hope and propel crowds higher and higher until he sent them spinning out into the night ready to change the world .
Teleprompters were for the earthbound .
Now this candidate , with noticeably more gray flecking his hair , is talking about “ the changes and reforms we need . ”
He goes on about “ a new era of responsibility and accountability on Wall Street and in Washington . ”
He hankers for “ common - sense regulations to prevent a crisis like this from ever happening again . ”
“ Bottom - up growth , ” he promises brightly .
What happened to the “ fierce urgency of now ” ?
It is tempting , in contrasting the Obama of a year ago with the presidential candidate of today , to conclude that Miles Davis has turned himself into Barry Manilow .
That is not quite the case ; he still draws crowds  100,000 in St. Louis on Saturday  that would warm a rocker ’s heart .
And his words can still soar , as when he and Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton formed a campaign duet Monday in Florida .
But this Mr. Obama is a consciously , carefully , intentionally more grounded one , and a touch duller for the metamorphosis .
Judge refuses mistrial in Sen. Stevens case RAW STORY
Published : Thursday October 2 , 2008
Print This Email This ** UPDATE :
The Associated Press is reporting , " A federal judge has rejected a defense demand to declare a mistrial after a prosecutor miscue in the corruption case against Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens . "
Read more .
" A federal judge angrily halted the corruption trial of Sen .
Ted Stevens on Thursday after the Alaska lawmaker 's attorney accused prosecutors of withholding evidence that would help their case , " Tom Hays reports for The Associated Press .
" U.S. District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan sent the jury home for the day so he could consider arguments about whether to declare a mistrial . "
Sullivan blasted the prosecution for not " not turning over FBI reports about their star witness , Bill Allen , until late Wednesday night . "
" This is not about prosecution by any means necessary , " the judge said .
" It 's not about hiding the ball .
...
Why should n't I dismiss this indictment ?
I find it unbelievable that this was just an error . "
Roll Call reports , " Prosecutor Brenda Morris apologized profusely for failing to provide the document to Stevens earlier , but she said it was a simple mistake , not an intentional attempt to undermine the defense . "
" Im standing here as humbly as I know how ,  Morris told the judge .
" I dont blame you for being upset . "
But the judge was suspicious : " It is difficult for the court to believe that the government overlooked this exculpatory information .
It strikes me as very unusual that the government found this material at a time when it could still be used ... it strikes me as very curious that this information just surfaced . "
The judge called it " gross negligence " at the very least .
" Judge Sullivan scheduled a hearing for 4:30 p.m. Thursday on Stevens motion for to dismiss the case , " Roll Call reports .
MHRA spokesman Clive Bray said : " The MHRA has received reports of 91 seats being affected so far where the rubber pad has come away from the brackets which are used to secure the toilet seat .
Condé Nast Publications will make deep staff cuts at two magazines , Portfolio and Men ’s Vogue , and publish them less often while cutting budgets across the company by 5 percent , company executives said Thursday .
Men ’s
Vogue will all but disappear as a separate operation .
It will be folded into Vogue and will be published twice a year instead of 10 times , the company said .
Employees said they were told Thursday that most of the magazine ’s staff would be laid off .
The business magazine Portfolio will be published 10 times a year instead of 12 .
Employees said they were told Thursday that most of Portfolio ’s Web site staff would be dismissed and that much of the content unique to the site would be dropped .
Image Portfolio will be published 10 times a year instead of 12 .
The company ’s official position was that it had not yet determined where it would cut Portfolio , or how deeply , but executives who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to go into detail said they expected that 15 to 20 percent of the magazine ’s jobs would be eliminated .
Some of the cuts will involve Portfolio ’s online operations , including advertising sales , which will be folded into those of Wired magazine .
HIV may date back to before the 20th Century The arrival of colonial cities in sub-Saharan Africa at the dawn of the 20th Century may have sparked the spread of HIV .
US experts analysed one of the earliest samples of the virus ever found , in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 1959 .
The study , published in the journal Nature , suggests the virus may have crossed from apes to humans between 1884 and 1924 .
They believe newly - built cities may have allowed the virus to thrive .
I think the picture that has emerged here , is that changes the human population experienced may have opened to the door to the spread of HIV
Dr Michael Worobey
University of Arizona , Tucson Aids , the illness caused by HIV , was first reported by doctors in 1981 , but the virus had been around for many decades before that .
HIV is not a single virus - there are a number of different strains and subtypes of strains , some sharing the same " founder event " in history , in which a single human was infected .
Scientists believe that these " founder events " may have involved eating monkeys infected with a similar virus .
Research published last year found the viral ancestor of a subtype of HIV responsible for most modern cases in the US and Europe in a blood sample taken in Leopoldville , the capital of Belgian Congo - now Kinshasa , the capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Now the same team , from the University of Arizona at Tucson , has found another sample containing a different subtype in a 1960 sample from a different patient in the same city .
HIV ancestor
By analysing the genetic differences between the two viruses , and calculating the amount of time these differences would take to evolve , they now say that the two probably have a common ancestor dating from at least 50 years earlier .
Dr Michael Worobey , who led the research , said : " Now , for the first time , we have been able to compare two relatively ancient HIV strains .
" That helped us to calibrate how quickly the virus evolved and make some really robust inferences about when it crossed into humans , how the epidemic grew from that time , and what factors allowed the virus to enter and become a successful human pathogen . "
HIV was and remains a " relatively poorly transmitted " virus , he said , so the key to the success of the virus was possibly the development of cities such as Leopoldville in the early 1900s .
The large numbers of people living in close proximity would have allowed more opportunity for new infections .
" I think the picture that has emerged here , is that changes the human population experienced may have opened to the door to the spread of HIV , " he said .
Professor Paul Sharp , an expert on HIV origins and evolution at the University of Edinburgh , said that while the finding was mainly of " historical interest " , it might provide more clues about how the virus changed over time .
He suggested that it was likely that all of the early cases of " group M " HIV - 1 - the strain causing 19 out of 20 modern infections - happened in the Leopoldville area .
He said : " We can now paint a remarkably detailed picture of the time and place of origin of HIV - 1 group M viruses and their early diversification , and thus of the prehistory of the AIDS pandemic . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The U.S. has refused to give Israel support critical for bombing Iran ’s nuclear facilities , amid signs that Israel is planning such an attack .
Israel may soon be left with no realistic option to strike Iran ’s nuclear facilities and no time to find another solution .
The United States has turned down Israeli requests for military assistance in attacking Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
This will hamper the tiny Jewish state in facing off alone against the much larger Islamic Republic , which is equipped with some of the latest military technology from Russia .
As compensation , the U.S. has agreed to bolster Israel ’s missile defense system .
Israel would not be allowed to refuel its military planes in Iraq , or even use Iraqi airspace for a flyover on the way to Iran .
Even if Israeli jets were to reach Iran , they might not be able to carry powerful enough bombs to do the job .
The U.S. has refused to supply Israel with equipment such as bunker - buster bombs critical in destroying heavily fortified nuclear installations .
Israeli officials have been in talks with their American counterparts for several months over specific requests for military assistance , and U.S.reticence over an Israeli strike has led American military and diplomatic officials to decide against supporting what they see as Israel ’s growing commitment to an attack on Iran .
Among the requests most critical for a successful Israeli solo strike on Iran is the ability to use Iraqi air fields as a refueling point for Israel ’s fighter - bomber fleet that would be used in the attack .
The dropping of guided bombs on targets as small and sensitive as a nuclear reactor requires the precision and agility that could be likely achieved only by a very low - altitude release .
The distance between Israel and Iran ’s nuclear reactor at Bushehr is over 800 miles .
A large bomber aircraft would have the fuel range for such a non -stop round - trip flight from Israel .
However , the necessity of a low - altitude approach to the target , combined with the heavier aircraft ’s low speed and maneuverability and lack of sufficient armaments such as rockets or cannon , would render it extremely vulnerable to anti-aircraft fire or attacking Iranian jets .
Last December , Russia installed one of its latest anti-aircraft missile networks in the hostile Islamic Republic .
Such operations are therefore usually performed with supersonic fighter - bomber aircraft , such as the F - 15s and F - 16s used in the 1981 bombing of Iraq ’s Osirak nuclear reactor and last year ’s bombing of the nascent Syrian reactors .
However , these aircraft do not have the fuel range to safely make a trip to Iran and back without refueling .
Unless the Israeli planes would be able to refuel somewhere along the way – American - occupied Iraq being the only viable choice – a bombing run on Iran would likely become a suicide mission .
Even if Israeli pilots volunteered for a kamikaze mission , the expense of the aircraft , in addition to the risk of Iran obtaining the Israeli - modified jets – some of the most advanced in the world – even in partially destroyed condition , would make it unlikely that Israel ’s Defense Ministry would approve of such an attack .
Israeli aircraft would not need to actually land in Iraq to refuel , as it is common practice to refuel in the air using long - range air tankers .
However , the tankers that the Israeli Air Force currently has are outdated , making it difficult to coordinate refueling for such a long - distance mission .
To address this concern , Israel reportedly requested the more modern Boeing 767 - based refueling tankers , but the U.S. has also rejected this request , as reported several weeks ago by Israel ’s Channel 10 television .
Even if the Israeli jets were able to be refueled in the air by long - range air tankers , a mission to Iran would require an overflight of Iraq , the only country that would possibly be willing to allow Israeli aircraft in its airspace .
A glance at El - Al passenger flight routes from an in - flight magazine illustrates this clearly : Flights en route to Asia and the Far East , normally represented by graceful curves for non-Israeli airlines , suddenly become sharp turns northward or southward in order avoid flying over Middle Eastern countries .
However , the United States has apparently refused to authorize Israel to fly over Iraq as well , and according to one report , American officials told their Israeli counterparts to ask permission from the Iraqi prime minister themselves .
It is very unlikely that Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki would volunteer to allow Israel to use his country ’s airspace without pressure from the U.S. , since such a move would antagonize many Arab countries in the region .
In an apparent attempt to compensate for its unwillingness to assist Israel ’s needs for an Iran strike , the U.S. has offered to deliver an advanced radar warning system , to be installed in the Negev and manned by a permanent U.S. staff working alongside Israeli military personnel .
The Pentagon has apparently placed the order already .
Meanwhile , a spokeswoman for the Russian state - owned company building Iran ’s Bushehr reactor announced last week that the construction of the reactor will reach a state of “ no return ” by early 2009 .
While a better radar system promises to greatly enhance Israel ’s ability to detect a long - range aerial attack from Iran , Israel may soon be left with no realistic option to strike Iran ’s nuclear facilities and no time to find another solution .
NAIROBI , Kenya 
For a moment , the pirates must have thought that they had really struck gold  Somalia - style .
The gun-toting , seafaring thieves , who routinely pounce on cargo ships bobbing along on the Indian Ocean , suddenly found themselves in command of a vessel crammed with $ 30 million worth of grenade launchers , piles of ammunition , even battle tanks .
But this time , they might have gotten far more than they bargained for .
Unlike so many other hijackings off the Somali coast that have gone virtually unnoticed  and unpunished  the attack Thursday evening on the Faina , a Ukrainian vessel bringing military equipment to Kenya , has provoked the wrath of two of the most powerful militaries on the planet .
The United States Navy was in hot pursuit of the ship on Friday .
And the Russians were not far behind .
Pictured : Mobile 's missed calls that reveal ' terrorists tried to detonate car bombs 15 times in central London '
Terrorists tried 15 times to detonate two car bombs filled with petrol , gas and 2,000 nails in central London , a court was told .
The displays of Nokia mobile phones left in each car revealed several missed calls as they had been dialled up to four times each .
Police revealed the ringing circuit in each was wired to a light bulb , held in a syringe and surrounded by match heads .
The simple devices were intended to ignite the volatile vapours swirling inside the vehicles and create an explosion .
But a lack of oxygen prevented a potentially deadly fireball , the jury was told .
Scroll down for more
Mobile phones were to have been detonators , but failed , jury was told
Petrol inside the boot of car parked outside nightclub
Gas cannister and nails inside
Pictures have now been released showing the bombs that the terrorists intended to explode , the court was told .
They show the interiors of two Mercedes packed with 2,000 nails , cylinders of gas and 100 litres petrol divided into four 25 litre cannisters .
One of the vehicles was parked outside the Tiger Tiger nightclub in Haymarket , where there were 500 people partying , and the other near a bus stop in nearby Cockspur Streeet , when the bombs were meant to explode in June last year , prosecutors say .
Jurors at Woolwich Crown Court were also shown pictures of mobiles which prosecutors said had been dialled 15 times in attempts to trigger the devices .
They included a Nokia handset , wired to a homemade detonator .
Two doctors , Bilal Abdullah , 29 , and Mohammed Asha , 28 , are accused of plotting the attacks and another at Glasgow Airport to commit ' indiscriminate and wholesale murder ' .
Abdullah , of Houston , Scotland , and Asha , of Newcastle - under - Lyme , Staffs , deny conspiracy to murder and cause explosions on June 29 last year .
Scroll down for more
Green G-reg Mercedes that was parked outside nightclub
Second car was parked at a nearby bus stop
Abdulla , 29 , was seen on CCTV as he parked one Mercedes outside the busy nightclub and ran off , the court heard .
His DNA was found on a bloodstain on the dashboard , the cap of a petrol container and a gas cylinder , prosecutors said .
Detectives revealed these results of a painstaking four - day examination of the Mercedes saloons .
Scroll down for more
The court heard that items including gas cannisters and syringes were found
A detective said he was the first officer to examine the Haymarket car after bomb disposal experts made it safe in the early hours .
The officer said he dressed head - to - toe in protective clothing before removing and cataloguing key evidence .
The green Mercedes was then transported to the Forensic Explosives Laboratory at Fort Halstead , Kent .
Experts discovered the regulator of one of the gas cylinders had been adapted with tape and a white putty - like substance .
They found the two mobile phones were unregistered pay - as - you go models with their numbers written on labels stuck on the back .
In the boot of the car was 100 litres of petrol divided in four 25 litre containers .
Around 900 nails were discovered in bags held in mesh on the back of the front seats and scattered inside , the court heard .
The equipment was covered with two duvets and there were other items including umbrellas , a lampshade and a hi- fi , the jury was told .
Cars were packed with 2,000 nails , jurors were told
When questioned by prosecutor Mark Heywood , the detective confirmed the phones were switched on and displayed missed call messages .
A short brown hair attached to one of the mobile phones came from Kafeel Ahmed , the jury was told .
Ahmed , 28 , drove the second Mercedes and died from fatal injuries suffered in a suicide attack on Glasgow Airport the next day .
Also in the car was a Coca - Cola bottle and a Bounty chocolate bar wrapper carrying Abdulla 's DNA .
The second car , a blue Mercedes , was examined on a ramp outside the Westminster Council car pound in Park Lane .
It was clamped and towed away after a traffic warden found it parked at a bus stop in the early hours .
Bomb disposal experts used a robot to smash one of the car 's windows so they could look inside .
They found a similar improvised bomb , again using mobile phones , gas cylinders and a further 900 nails .
Abdulla 's DNA was found on tape used to hold electrical wiring together and Ahmed 's DNA was found on a fast - food wrapper .
A small camping gas - style butane gas cylinder was taped underneath the driver 's seat , Mr Heywood said .
He said : ' These were examinations that took place over a number of days , not hours .
Effectively taking the vehicle and its contents apart . '
The trial continues .
Obama attacks ' radical ' McCain health plan
Obama , in prepared remarks for his Newport News , Va. , speech , broadens an attack on McCain 's healthcare plan that has been building for days .
He 'll say :
So here ’s John McCain ’s radical plan in a nutshell : he taxes health care benefits for the first time in history ; millions lose the health care they have ; millions pay more for the health care they get ; drug and insurance companies continue to profit ; and middle class families watch the system they rely on begin to unravel before their eyes .
Well , I do n’t think that ’s right .
I do n’t think we should settle for health care that works better for drug and insurance companies than it does for hard working Americans .
I do n’t think that ’s the change we need .
We can do better than that .
There are serious academic disputes about some of McCain 's proposals , including whether his shift to taxing health benefits would really force companies to drop care , and how many .
Conservatives also argue that taking away the patchwork of state regulations — which are largely aimed at forcing insurers to cover specific conditions and treat their customers in certain ways — would lower costs .
But McCain has stepped onto dangerous political turf with a plan that promises to change the way every American gets health care , including people who are happy with their current care .
And it 's striking that the GOP has n't yet responded , on TV or in a detailed policy argument , to an attack that first became clear when Obama went up with health care ads in English and Spanish days ago , and which his campaign has been telegraphing quite clearly for more than 24 hours .
Full excerpts , and the Obama camps memo , after the jump .
UPDATE : McCain puts out a statement from a spokesman and a few bullet points that contest the notion that most Americans will see a tax hike , rather than a cut , but does n't engage the threat that 20 million would lose coverage .
“ It ’s a bald - faced lie because John McCain will improve the tax code so that middle - class paychecks are n’t used to pay government bureaucrats but instead will pay for the access to health care Americans deserve .
Barack Obama , the most liberal member of the U.S. Senate , has a different plan : higher taxes , a trillion dollars in new spending , and a radical turn toward government - run health care that promises to be as efficient as a trip to the DMV , " said McCain - Palin spokesman Tucker Bounds .
Excerpts from Obama 's speech today .
Senator McCain has been eager to share some details of his plan – but not all .
He tells you that he ’ll give you a tax credit of $ 2,500 per person — $ 5,000 per family — to help you pay for your insurance and health care costs .
But like those ads for prescription drugs , you have to read the fine print to learn the rest of the story .
You see , Senator McCain would pay for his plan , in part , by taxing your health care benefits for the first time in history .
And this tax would come out of your paycheck .
But the new tax credit he ’s proposing ?
That would n’t go to you .
It would go directly to your insurance company — not your bank account .
So when you read the fine print , it ’s clear that John McCain is pulling an old Washington bait and switch .
It ’s a shell game .
He gives you a tax credit with one hand — but raises your taxes with the other .
* * * *
And here ’s something else Senator McCain wo n’t tell you .
When he taxes people ’s benefits , many younger , healthier workers will decide that it ’s a better deal to opt out of the insurance they get at work — and instead , go out into the individual market , where they can buy a cheaper plan .
Many employers will be left with an older , sicker pool of workers who they ca n’t afford to cover .
As a result , many employers will drop their health care plans altogether .
And study after study has shown , that under the McCain plan , at least 20 million Americans will lose the insurance they rely on from their workplace .
It ’s the same approach George W. Bush floated a few years ago .
It was dead on arrival in Congress .
But if Senator McCain were to succeed where George Bush failed , it very well could be the beginning of the end of our employer - based health care system .
In fact , some experts have said that that ’s exactly the point of John McCain ’s plan — to drive you out of the insurance you have through your employer — and out into the marketplace , where your family will be given that $ 5,000 tax credit and told to buy insurance on your own .
A $ 5,000 tax credit .
That sounds pretty good .
But what Senator McCain does n’t tell you is that the average cost of a family health care plan these days is more than twice that much — $ 12,680 .
So where would that leave you ?
* * * *
Finally , what John McCain does n’t tell you is that his plan calls for massive deregulation of the insurance industry that would leave families without the basic protections you rely on .
You may have heard about how , in the current issue of a magazine , Senator McCain wrote that we need to open up health care to — and I quote — “ more vigorous nationwide competition as we have done over the last decade in banking . ”
That ’s right , he wants to deregulate the insurance industry just like he fought to deregulate the banking industry .
And we ’ve all seen how well that worked out .
* * * *
So here ’s John McCain ’s radical plan in a nutshell : he taxes health care benefits for the first time in history ; millions lose the health care they have ; millions pay more for the health care they get ; drug and insurance companies continue to profit ; and middle class families watch the system they rely on begin to unravel before their eyes .
Well , I do n’t think that ’s right .
I do n’t think we should settle for health care that works better for drug and insurance companies than it does for hard working Americans .
I do n’t think that ’s the change we need .
We can do better than that .
* * * *
… I reject the tired old debate that says we have to choose between two extremes : government - run health care with higher taxes …or insurance companies without rules denying people coverage .
That ’s a false choice .
It ’s the same distracting rhetoric that ’s kept us gridlocked for decades .
And we know that neither of these approaches is the answer to this problem .
The real solution is to take on drug and insurance companies ; modernize our health care system for the twenty - first century ; reduce costs for families and businesses ; and finally provide affordable , accessible health care for every American .
MEMORANDUM
Saturday , October 4 , 2008
TO : Interested Parties
FR : Obama - Biden Campaign
RE : Five Pitfalls of the McCain Health Plan
FIVE PITFALLS OF THE MCCAIN HEALTH PLAN
John McCain ’s “ radical ” health care plan will undermine the health care that millions of Americans have come to rely on , and while shifting costs onto individuals and hurting the budgets of working families .
In five crucial areas the McCain plan will make America ’s already fragile health care system worse , making it more difficult to solve our nation ’s health crisis .
1. Pays for a New Tax Credit by Taxing Employees ’ Health Benefits for the First Time in History .
John McCain and Sarah Palin argue that their health care plan is budget neutral , and that it includes a new $ 5,000 health care tax credit to help families purchase insurance .
What they do n’t tell you is that to pay for their plan , they will tax the health benefits that workers receive from their employers for the first time in history .
Moreover , McCain ’s health care tax credits would go directly to insurance companies , while his new tax on employee health premiums would come directly out of workers ’ pockets .
This tax punishes those who currently have generous health insurance , and over time will result in higher taxes for tens of millions of middle - class families .
· OBAMA PLAN : Offering tax credits to make health care affordable for all Americans , without imposing a new tax on employer health benefits .
Barack Obama ’s health care plan is fully paid for by reducing health care costs , eliminating overpayments to HMOs and rolling back a portion of the Bush tax cuts for families making over $ 250,000 per year .
2. Forces at least 20 million people to lose employer - based coverage .
By taxing employee health benefits , the McCain plan will make it more expensive for employers to provide coverage .
As a result , independent analyses show that employers will drop at least 20 million people from coverage and force them to seek insurance in the individual market , where costs are higher , quality is lower , and coverage more uncertain .
By moving more risk upon the shoulders of individuals , it raises insurance costs for everyone nationally .
Thi
And by forcing millions into the individual market , people with pre-existing conditions from asthma to cancer will be at risk of not being able to get health insurance at all .
· OBAMA PLAN : Building upon the employer based health - insurance system by letting workers keep the health insurance they have or to purchase a different plan in a new pool that ensures quality and affordable coverage .
3 . Undermines the ability of people who do have coverage to get services from cancer screenings to vaccines .
The McCain plan undermines state laws that require insurance companies to cover bedrock health care services such as cancer screenings and vaccines .
The plan empowers insurance companies over doctors and nurses , while making America less healthy .
In fact , John McCain recently explained his intention to deregulate health insurance along the lines that the banking industry has been deregulated over the past decade .
· OBAMA PLAN : Protecting existing state regulations and increasing protections for American families by requiring health insurance companies to cover all Americans regardless of health status and outlawing unreasonable rate and fee increases .
4 . Fails to take on rising health care costs .
The McCain plan has no strategy to contain spiraling national health care costs .
Without the aggressive investments needed to modernize our health care system , a recent analysis concluded that McCain ’s plan could actually increase health care costs by $ 37 billion by 2010 .
· OBAMA PLAN : Bringing down health care costs by $ 2,500 per year , per family , through aggressive investments in health information technology , chronic care management , comparative effectiveness research , and an emphasis on prevention .
5 . Fails to address the crisis of the uninsured .
The McCain health plan does not even attempt to solve the problem of the uninsured — it barely reduces the number of uninsured individuals , and it leaves those with preexisting conditions at the greatest risk of being unable to find affordable coverage .
This lack of commitment to ensuring affordable coverage for all Americans is consistent with McCain ’s record , including his vote last fall against funding the State Children ’s Health Insurance Program ( SCHIP ) that would have extended coverage to 3.8 million children .
· OBAMA PLAN : Ensure that every single American can purchase quality , affordable healthcare , so that no American is uninsured .
In all these respects the McCain health plan represents a continuation of the policies we have seen over the last eight years , policies that have contributed to health premiums more than doubling , 7 million more Americans uninsured , and nearly 2 million more Americans without employer sponsored insurance .
---
Please see our campaign ’s response to Barack Obama ’s statements today in Newport News , Virginia .
In his prepared remarks as planned for delivery , Barack Obama lies about John McCain ’s health care plan claiming it is a plan to tax health care :
“ Barack Obama is lying to voters .
It ’s a bald faced lie because John McCain will improve the tax code so that middle class paychecks are n’t used to pay government bureaucrats but instead will pay for the access to health care Americans deserve .
Barack Obama , the most liberal member of the U.S. Senate , has a different plan : higher taxes , a trillion dollars in new spending , and a radical turn toward government - run health care that promises to be as efficient as a trip to the DMV . ” — Tucker Bounds , spokesman McCain- Palin
Obama ’s Lie About The McCain Health Care Plan :
Obama Says John McCain “ Taxes Health Care Benefits . ”
Obama :
“ He taxes health care benefits for the first time in history ; millions lose the health care they have ; millions pay more for the health care they get ; drug and insurance companies continue to profit ; and middle class families watch the system they rely on begin to unravel before their eyes ” ( Barack Obama ’s Prepared Remarks In Newport News , VA , 10/4/08 )
The Facts : The Obama Campaign Has “ Mischaracterized ” McCain ’s Health Care Proposal As It Totally Leaves Out McCain ’s Health Care Tax Break , Obama - Biden Attacks Called “ Wrong , ” As Middle Class Families Will See Their After - Tax Incomes Rise
Michael Dobbs , Washington Post Fact Checker : “ Joe Biden Mischaracterized McCain ’s ” Health Care Plan .
“ Joe Biden mischaracterized McCain 's proposal for giving Americans a tax credit to pay for their own health insurance programs in return for taxing the health benefits they receive from employers .
He suggested that the average American family would lose around $ 7,000 on the deal , receiving a $ 5,000 tax credit in return for having to pay $ 12,000 for their own health care program .
In fact , the non-partisan Tax Policy Center has calculated that most American families would come out slightly ahead for the next decade at least . ”
( Michael Dobbs , “ Vice Presidential Debate : St. Louis , ” Washington Post Fact Checker , 10/2/08 )
The Associated Press : Obama - Biden Campaign
Is " Wrong " In Their Health Care Attacks .
" Joe Biden charged Thursday during a campaign stop in Pennsylvania that John McCain 's tax proposals for health insurance would be ' the largest tax increase in the history of America for the middle class . '
He was wrong . "
( Kevin Freking , " Biden Misleads With Accusation Of Tax Increase , " The Associated Press , 9/26/08 )
The Obama - Campaign Leaves Out " That McCain Also Proposes To Give The Insured A New Tax Break . "
" So , as Biden explained , someone who makes $ 40,000 and gets $ 12,000 in health insurance benefits would end up paying income taxes on $ 52,000 .
But what Biden did n't say was that McCain also proposes to give the insured a new tax break in exchange — a $ 2,500 tax credit for individuals and a $ 5,000 tax credit for families . "
( Kevin Freking , " Biden Misleads With Accusation Of Tax Increase , " The Associated Press , 9/26/08 )
A Middle Class Family Under John McCain's Plan Would See Their After - Tax Income Rise .
" To take Biden 's comparison one step further , consider his $ 40,000 family whose insurance cost $ 12,000 .
That family is in the 15 percent tax bracket .
So , multiplying that additional $ 12,000 in income by 15 percent means that the family in Biden 's example currently gets an $ 1,800 federal income - tax break .
McCain 's tax break for that family would be $ 5,000 . "
( Kevin Freking , " Biden Misleads With Accusation Of Tax Increase , " The Associated Press , 9/26/08 )
· Tax Policy Center : " But Low - And Middle - Income Workers Would Still See A Rise In After - Tax Income . "
" By 2018 , high - income households would be worse off under McCain 's plan than they would have been under current law because the credit would be worth less than the current tax exclusion .
But low - and middle - income workers would still see a rise in after - tax income , the center projected . "
( Kevin Freking , " Biden Misleads With Accusation Of Tax Increase , " The Associated Press , 9/26/08 )
Is n’t It True …
That No Physical Limitations Can Stop You
If You Have The Power To Fight Back & Overcome It …
Posted under , , ,
Young mother beats odds of 200 million to one to give birth to triplets - while on the pill
Proud parents : Kirsty Hale and Toby Wilson can't wait to take their identical triplets Gabriella , Lily and Alicia home
Young mother Kirsty Hale has beaten the odds of 200 million to one to give birth to triplets - despite being on the pill .
Ms Hale , 22 , and fiance Toby Wilson , 28 , were as stunned as doctors when a scan confirmed she was expecting the instant family having conceived naturally .
Doctors said it was exceptionally rare to give birth to three identical twins without the assistance of fertility treatment .
As the triplets gained strength in incubators , their emotional father described the birth yesterday as ' amazing ' .
' They are tiny .
I know everyone thinks their babies are the cutest but I genuinely do think they are , ' Mr Wilson said .
' We were n't even trying for a family .
When Kirsty got pregnant she was on the pill .
But we are so excited - it 's an instant family . '
The trio arrived 13 weeks early following an emergency caesarean .
First was Gabriella Rose weighing 1lb 14oz .
She was closely followed by her sister Lily Amber weighing 1lb 11oz and last to appear was Alicia Niamh who was 1lb 13oz .
Doctors are happy with the girls ' progress but they will stay in Southampton Hospital until their due date on December 14 as a precaution .
The couple from Ringwood , Hampshire , had been together for three years before Ms Hale became pregnant .
Mr Wilson , a motorcycle salesman , said : ' We found out on the Friday she was pregnant and then she had the scan on the Monday because she had some complications .
First born : Gabriella weighs 1lb 14oz
Second born : Lily weighs 1lb 11oz
Third born : Alicia weighs 1lb 13oz
' I was at work and Kirsty rang me all hysterical and crying but in a good way , ' Mr Wilson said .
' Shock number one was the fact she was pregnant but that was nothing compared to shock number two .
' On the scan picture all you can make out is three little blobs because they were only six - weeks - old then . '
Doctors had been hoping Ms Hale would reach 36 weeks into her pregnancy before inducing her .
But she ended up going into hospital nearly two months early when her waters suddenly broke .
Ms Hale has since returned to their three - bedroom home in Ringwood but the couple visit the neonatal unit every day to see their babies .
Identical triplets occur when one fertilised egg splits to create three separate embryos .
Non-identical triplets occur when three separate eggs are fertilised .
This is more common in women who have undergone fertility treatment .
Talks continued Saturday between federal officials and top Wall Street executives aimed at resolving the crisis swirling around Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. and soothing jittery U.S. financial markets .
While the situation remains fluid , some sort of solution might be reached as soon as Saturday night , according to people familiar with the situation .
But it is n't clear how much progress has been made toward clearing the biggest hurdle in the discussions , which is whether any government funding will be provided to help engineer a rescue for the battered investment bank .
Treasury Department and Federal Reserve officials have made it clear to participants that no government bailout should be expected .
Potential bidders , worried about the risk of buying an ailing financial institution like Lehman , want the government to step in with a package similar to what was offered to J.P. Morgan when it bought Bear Stearns Cos .
Then , the federal government agreed to absorb as much as $ 29 billion in losses .
On Saturday , the main task ahead in discussions being led by the Federal Reserve is identifying whether a so - called " bad bank " structure could be designed to hold Lehman 's souring assets .
That issue is now seen by people familiar with the situation as the key stumbling block to completing a deal , especially if Treasury and Fed officials keep digging in their heels on opposition to a government - backed rescue .
Potential buyers such as Bank of America Corp. and Barclays PLC are loathe to take on Lehman 's bad assets , which are seen as an immovable object to getting a deal done , according to people familiar with the situation .
PARIS ( Fortune ) --
First you mess up the world 's financial system .
Then you blow the rescue of it .
Now let 's show you how to do it properly .
That , in a nutshell , is the less - than - flattering message European governments are sending to the U.S. as they mount their own gigantic bank bailout .
The plans , announced Monday after two weeks of dithering , involve Britain , Germany , France and some others recapitalizing national banks that require help , and providing state guarantees and other measures to kick - start the stalled credit market .
The details are strikingly different from the U.S. approach adopted by U.S. Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson and the Federal Reserve Board .
And there 's a big reason for that :
The Europeans think Paulson got it badly wrong , and have watched aghast as he failed to restore confidence in the world 's financial system .
In particular , they now think - and are openly saying - that it was a huge mistake to allow Lehman Brothers to fail .
But they also believe that the $ 700 billion bailout plan was badly misdirected .
Rather than buying up toxic assets , as the Paulson plan initially intended , they believe the role of government intervention should be to recapitalize the banks directly in exchange for some control of operations .
That 's at the core of the European plans announced Monday ( and apparently the direction Treasury is now heading , too ) .
Much of the griping has been taking place anonymously , so as not to cause political ructions .
But France 's Finance Minister Christine Lagarde cast aside diplomatic niceties on the eve of last weekend 's G - 7 meetings in the U.S. when she told French radio : " as soon as you let one domino fall , the rest risk crashing down . "
While not defending Lehman - " there were certainly bad decisions taken by that bank , bad management , " she said , Lagarde nonetheless argued that allowing the investment bank to fail merely heightened anxiety in international banking and led to the seizing up of interbank lending .
It 's an argument that has now become conventional wisdom in Europe , where the mantra for this week 's rescues is : Relax , no bank will be allowed to fail .
Too complex , too opaque
The second lesson from the U.S. handling of the crisis concerns the way government money is best used .
Here the Europeans have a valuable precedent : Sweden 's banking crisis in the early 1990s , which was resolved by the state forcing a consolidation and clean - up of the system even as it kept the banks afloat .
Starting in Sept. 1992 , the government in Stockholm announced a general guarantee for the whole of the banking system , encouraged the central bank to organize massive injections of liquidity , and created a state agency that essentially forced banks to give up any remnants of make - belief accounting and quickly write down the value of their assets to much more realistic levels .
The strategy worked , and Urban Bäckström , the former Swedish central bank president who played a central role in the rescue , has said that " prompt and transparent handling " of the problems were a key to the success .
By contrast , the initial Paulson plan involved the U.S. government buying up the problem securities of banks in a procedure that risked being anything other than prompt and transparent .
" It looks as complex as the credit derivatives that caused the problem in the first place , " one top European finance official told me , on condition I did n't quote him by name .
Of course , this is not exactly a time to crow , and there are some big unanswered questions about the European solution , too .
One is just how tough governments will be in imposing their conditions on national banks , including forcing mergers of stronger and weaker ones .
That 's particularly a concern for Germany , which has the most fragmented banking sector of any of the big European nations and has the biggest potential for discovering nasty surprises .
Germany 's problem is that any banking consolidation is likely to run into opposition from regional authorities , who have a say in the running of savings banks networks .
And with national elections scheduled for next year , the fragile coalition government under Chancellor Angela Merkel does n't have a very strong hand to play .
Her finance minister Peer Steinbr�ck , who could end up as her challenger in the election , has been among the most vocal European government official complaining about how the problems started in the U.S. sub -prime market - and how they will result in the erosion of American influence .
" The U.S. will lose its superpower status in the world financial system , " he has said , predicting that the dollar will also lose ground to the euro and the Japanese yen .
Stock markets for the moment are applauding the concerted European response .
Only time will tell whether they 're getting it right .
It puts a huge onus on governments to fix the system , and the track record there is mixed .
France nationalized its banks in the 1980s under President Francois Mitterrand for ideological reasons , but made such a mess of the job that it privatized them again .
Still , after two weeks of conflicting and contradictory moves and statements in Europe , a bit of coordination certainly feels good - and if it looks like it stands a good chance of working , all the better .
Women throughout history have played their part in shaping the world as you know it today .
Long before women started protesting and burning their bras – they proved women ’s wisdom regarding success works for both women and men .
Below are 19 powerful quotes which truly do give you something to think about .
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 1 :
“ The possible ’s slow fuse is lit by the imagination . ”
- Emily Dickenson ( 1830 - 1886 ) – American Poet
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 2 :
“ The only people who never fail are those who never try . ”
- Ilka Chase ( 1905 - 1978 ) – American Actress
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 3 :
“ You ’re not free until you ’ve been made captive by supreme belief . ”
- Marianne Moore ( 1887 -1972 ) – American Poet
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 4 :
“ Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people – your family , friends and co-workers and even strangers you meet along the way ” .
- Barbara Bush – Wife of President George Bush
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 5 :
“ You may be disappointed if you fail , but you are doomed if you do not try . ”
- Beverly Sills ( B. 1929 ) American Opera Singer & Double Emmy Winner
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 6 :
“ The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams ” .
- Eleanor Roosevelt ( 1884 -1962 ) – Wife of President Franklin D. Roosevelt , American Humanitarian , Columnist and Lecturer
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 7 :
“ Everyone has a talent .
What is rare is the courage to follow the talent to the dark places where it leads . ”
- Erica Jong ( B.1942 ) – American Author
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 8 :
“ The secret point of money and power in America is neither the thing that money can buy nor power for power ’s sake . . .
BUT absolute personal freedom , mobility , privacy .
It is the instinct which drove Americans to the Pacific . ”
- Joan Didion ( b. 1934 ) – American Writer
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 9 :
“ Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity . ”
- Oprah Winfrey – American TV
Talk show and host of OPRAH
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 10 :
“ There are 2 ways of meeting difficulties ; you alter the difficulties or you alter yourself to meet them . ”
- Phyliss Bottome ( 1884 -1963 ) – English Author
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 11 :
“ When I look into the future it ’s so bright , it burns my eyes . ”
- Oprah Winfrey – American TV
Talk show and host of OPRAH
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 12 :
“ Creative minds have always been known to survive any kind of bad training . ”
- Anna Freud ( b. 1895 -1982 ) – Daughter of Sigmund Freud
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 13 :
” Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness .
It is not attained through self - gratitude but through fidelity to a worthwhile purpose . ”
- Helen Keller ( 1880 - 1968 ) – American Memoirist and Essayist
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 14 :
“ Nothing in life is to be feared ; it is only to be understood . ”
- Marie Curie ( 1867 – 1934 ) - French Chemist
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 15 :
“ All things are possible until they are proved impossible – and even the impossible may only be so , as of now . ”
- Pearl S. Buck ( 1892 – 1973 ) – American Novelist and Humanitarian
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 16 :
“ It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves and it ’s not possible to find it elsewhere . ”
- Agnes Repplier ( 1858 – 1950 ) – American Essayist
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 17 :
“ Character – the willingness to accept responsibility for one ’s own life – is the source from which self - respect springs . ”
- Joan Didion ( B.1934 ) – American Writer
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 18 :
“ YOU do n’t get to choose how you ’re going to die or when .
YOU can only decide on how you are going to live now . ”
- Joan Baez ( B. 1941 ) – American Singer & Political Activist
Women ’s Wisdom Quote 19 :
” If you always look at life one way , there is always cause for alarm . ”
- Elizabeth Bowen ( 1899 – 1973 ) – Anglo - Irish Novelist
“ Dedicated to kicking your ass until you succeed . ”
Warmly
Trevor ‘ Toe Cracker ’ Crook
PS .
As Oprah says , “ When she looks into the future it ’s so bright , it burns her eyes . ” –
What do you see when you look into your future ?
No related posts .
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
I was sitting with a visitor in 2002 , looking at a new book on Nisargadatta Maharaj that consisted of photos and brief quotes .
I knew some of the people in the pictures and narrated a few stories about them .
This prompted a wider and lengthy discussion on some of the events that went on in Maharaj ’s presence .
After she left I felt prompted to write down some of the things I had remembered since I had never bothered to record any of my memories of Maharaj before .
As I went about recording the conversation , a few other memories surfaced , things I had n’t thought about for years .
This , therefore , is a record of a pleasant afternoon ’s talk , supplemented by recollections of related incidents that somehow never came up .
Harriet : Every book I have seen about Maharaj , and I think I have looked at most of them , is a record of his teachings .
Did no one ever bother to record the things that were going on around him ?
Ramakrishna had The Gospel of Ramakrishna , Ramana Maharshi had Day by Day , and a whole library of books by devotees that all talk about life with their Guru .
Why has n’t Maharaj spawned a similar genre ?
David : Maharaj very rarely spoke about his life , and he did n’t encourage questions about it .
I think he saw himself as a kind of doctor who diagnosed and treated the perceived spiritual ailments of the people who came to him for advice .
His medicine was his presence and his powerful words .
Anecdotes from his past were not part of the prescription .
Nor did he seem interested in telling stories about anything or anyone else .
Harriet : You said ‘ rarely spoke ’ .
That means that you must have heard at least a few stories .
What did you hear him talk about ?
David : Mostly about his Guru , Siddharameshwar Maharaj , and the effect he had had on his life .
I think his love for his Guru and his gratitude to him were always present with him .
Nisargadatta Maharaj used to do five bhajans a day simply because his Guru had asked him to .
Siddharameshwar Maharaj had passed away in 1936 , but Nisargadatta Maharaj was still continuing with these practices more than forty years later .
I once heard him say , ‘ My Guru asked me to do these five bhajans daily , and he never cancelled his instructions before he passed away .
I do n’t need to do them any more but I will carry on doing them until the day I die because this is the command of my Guru .
I continue to obey his instructions , even though I know these bhajans are pointless , because of the respect and gratitude I feel towards him . ’
Harriet :
Did he ever talk about the time he was with Siddharameshwar , about what passed between them ?
David :
Not on any of the visits I made .
Ranjit Maharaj once came to visit during one of his morning sessions .
They chatted in Marathi for a few minutes and then Ranjit left .
Maharaj simply said , ‘ That man is a jnani .
He is a disciple of my Guru , but he is not teaching . ’
End of story .
That visit could have been a springboard to any number of stories about his Guru or about Ranjit , but he was n’t interested in talking about them .
He just got on with answering the questions of his visitors .
Harriet :
What else did you glean about his background and the spiritual tradition he came from ?
David :
He was part of a spiritual lineage that is known as the Navnath Sampradaya .
This was n’t a secret because he had photos or pictures of many of the teachers from his lineage on his walls .
He did a Guru puja every morning at the end of which he put kum kum on the foreheads of all the teachers in his lineage and on the photos of everyone else he thought was enlightened .
I should mention that his walls were covered with portraits .
Ramana Maharshi was there , and so were many other famous saints who were not part of his lineage .
Mixed in with them were other pictures , such as one of Sivaji , a famous Marathi warrior from a few hundred years ago .
I once asked him why Sivaji had made it onto his walls , and he said , ‘ My son wants me to keep it there .
It ’s the logo on our brand of beedis [ hand - made cigarettes ] .
He thinks that if it is mixed in with all the other pictures that I do puja to , sales will increase . ’
Harriet :
What did he say about all these photos of the people from his lineage ?
Did he never explain who they were ?
David : Never .
I only found out what their names were a few years later when I came across a book by R. D. Ranade , who was in a Karnataka branch of the sampradaya .
He , or rather his organization , brought out a souvenir that contained the same photos I had seen on Maharaj ’s walls , along with a brief description of who they were .
I do remember one interesting story that Maharaj told about the sampradaya .
He had been answering questions in his usual way when he paused to give us a piece of history :
‘ I sit here every day answering your questions , but this is not the way that the teachers of my lineage used to do their work .
A few hundred years ago there were no questions and answers at all .
Ours is a householder lineage , which means everyone had to go out and earn his living .
There were no meetings like this where disciples met in large numbers with the Guru and asked him questions .
Travel was difficult .
There were no buses , trains and planes .
In the old days the Guru did the traveling on foot , while the disciples stayed at home and looked after their families .
The Guru walked from village to village to meet the disciples .
If he met someone he thought was ready to be included in the sampradaya , he would initiate him with the mantra of the lineage .
That was the only teaching given out .
The disciple would repeat the mantra and periodically the Guru would come to the village to see what progress was being made .
When the Guru knew that he was about to pass away , he would appoint one of the householder - devotees to be the new Guru , and that new Guru would then take on the teaching duties : walking from village to village , initiating new devotees and supervising the progress of the old ones . ’
I do n’t know why this story suddenly came out .
Maybe he was just tired of answering the same questions again and again .
Harriet : I have heard that Maharaj occasionally gave out a mantra to people who asked .
Was this the same mantra ?
David :
Yes , but he was n’t a very good salesman for it .
I once heard him say , ‘ My Guru has authorised me to give out this mantra to anyone who asks for it , but I do n’t want you to feel that it is necessary or important .
It is more important to find out the source of your beingness . ’
Nevertheless , some people would ask .
He would take them downstairs and whisper it in his or her ear .
It was Sanskrit but you only got one chance to remember it .
He would not write it down for you .
If you did n’t remember it from that one whisper , you never got another chance .
Harriet : What other teaching instructions did Siddharameshwar give him ?
Was he the one who encouraged him to teach by answering questions , rather than in the more traditional way ?
David : I have no idea if he was asked to teach in a particular way .
Siddharameshwar told him that he could teach and give out the Guru mantra to anyone who asked for it , but he was n’t allowed to appoint a successor .
You have to remember that Nisargadatta was n’t realised himself when Siddharameshwar passed away .
Harriet : What about personal details ?
Did Maharaj ever talk about his childhood or his family ?
Ramana Maharshi often told stories about his early life , but I do n’t recollect reading a single biographical incident in any of Maharaj ’s books .
David :
That ’s true .
He just did n’t seem interested in talking about his past .
The only story I remember him telling was more of a joke than a story .
Some man came in who seemed to have known him for many years .
He talked to Maharaj in Marathi in a very free and familiar way .
No translations were offered but after about ten minutes all the Marathi - knowing people there simultaneously broke out into laughter .
After first taking Maharaj ’s permission , one of the translators explained what it was all about .
‘ Maharaj says that when he was married , his wife used to give him a very hard time .
She was always bossing him around and telling him what to do .
‘ Maharaj do this , Maharaj go to the market and buy that . ’
She did n’t call him Maharaj , of course , but I ca n’t remember what she did call him .
The translator continued : ‘ His wife died a long time ago , when Maharaj was in his forties .
It is usual for men of this age who are widowed to marry again , so all Maharaj ’s relatives wanted him to find another wife .
He refused , saying , “ The day she died I married freedom ” . ’
I find it hard to imagine anyone bossing Maharaj around , or even trying to .
He was a feisty character who stood no nonsense from anyone .
Harriet : From what I have heard ‘ feisty ’ may be a bit of a euphemism .
I have heard that he could be quite bad - tempered and aggressive at times .
David :
Yes , that ’s true , but I just think that this was part of his teaching method .
Some people need to be shaken up a bit , and shouting at them is one way of doing it .
I remember one woman asking him , rather innocently , ‘ I thought enlightened people were supposed to be happy and blissful .
You seem to be grumpy most of the time .
Does n’t your state give you perpetual happiness and peace ? ’
He replied , ‘ The only time a jnani truly rejoices is when someone else becomes a jnani ’ .
Harriet : How often did that happen ?
David : I do n’t know .
That was another area that he did n’t seem to want to talk about .
I once asked directly , ‘ How many people have become realised through your teachings ? ’
He did n’t seem to welcome the question : ‘ What business is that of yours ? ’ he answered .
‘ How does knowing that information help you in any way ? ’
‘ Well , ’ I said , ‘ depending on your answer , it might increase or decrease my level of optimism .
If there is a lottery with only one winning ticket out of ten million , then I ca n’t be very optimistic about winning .
But if it ’s a hundred winning tickets out of a thousand , I would feel a lot better about my chances .
If you could assure me that people are waking up here , I would feel good about my own chances .
And I think feeling good about my chances would be good for my level of earnestness . ’
‘ Earnestness ’ was one of the key words in his teachings .
He thought that it was good to have a strong desire for the Self and to have all one ’s faculties turned towards it whenever possible .
This strong focus on the truth was what he termed earnestness .
I ca n’t remember exactly what Maharaj said in reply except that I know he did n’t divulge any numbers .
He did n’t seem to think that it was any of mine or anyone else ’s business to know such information .
Maybe there were so few , it would have been bad for your ‘ earnestness ’ to be told .
David :
That ’s a possibility because I do n’t think there were many .
Harriet : Did you ever find out , directly or indirectly ?
David :
Not that day .
However , I bided my time and waited for an opportunity to raise the question again .
One morning Maharaj seemed to be more - than - usually frustrated about our collective inability to grasp what he was talking about .
‘ Why do I waste my time with you people ? ’ he exclaimed .
‘ Why does no one ever understand what I am saying ? ’
I took my chance : ‘ In all the years that you have been teaching how many people have truly understood and experienced your teachings ? ’
He was quiet for a moment , and then he said , ‘ One. Maurice Frydman . ’
He did n’t elaborate and I did n’t follow it up .
I mentioned earlier that at the conclusion of his morning puja he put kum kum on the forehead of all the pictures in his room of the people he knew were enlightened .
There were two big pictures of Maurice there , and both of them were daily given the kum kum treatment .
Maharaj clearly had a great respect for Maurice .
I remember on one of my early visits querying Maharaj about some statement of his that had been recorded in I am That .
I think it was about fulfilling desires .
ST .
PAUL , Minn . - Taxpayers should be off the hook for any damages stemming from claims of police misconduct related to the Republican National Convention under a first - of - its - kind agreement .
The deal required the Republican Party 's host committee to buy insurance covering up to $ 10 million in damages and unlimited legal costs for law enforcement officials accused of brutality , violating civil rights and other misconduct .
Other cities who hosted conventions in recent years - including Denver , Boston , New York and Philadelphia - either covered those costs from their general budgets or used tax money to buy insurance policies .
But St. Paul officials , led by Mayor Chris Coleman , insisted the committee use its private donations to purchase the insurance policy .
They had some leverage because the party had named St. Paul as the location for the convention before striking the city services agreement in January 2007 .
" The negotiating team , with the mayor 's encouragement , took the firm ground that we had to have the police professional liability insurance paid for by someone other than city taxpayers , " said City Attorney John Choi .
" Ultimately , and reluctantly on the host committee 's part , we were able to secure that . "
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
The deal could save taxpayers millions .
Police have arrested nearly 300 people , and many protesters are threatening lawsuits .
New York City still faces more than 400 lawsuits from some of the 1,800 people arrested at the 2004 GOP convention , said Laura Postiglione , a spokeswoman in the city 's law department .
In St. Paul , some critics say the agreement has only encouraged police to use aggressive tactics knowing they wo n't have to pay damages .
" It 's an extraordinary agreement .
Now the police have nothing to hold them back from egregious behavior , " said Michelle Gross , who leads Communities United Against Police Brutality .
She is considering filing suit after being handcuffed and searched last week during a raid of the St. Paul hub of an anarchist group .
Apparently Diamond Hill Investment Group has opted out of the short selling ban .
( hat tip Tom , HH )
I do n't know anything about this company , but I think this is an appropriate reaction to the ban .
Falling oil prices should soon offer consumers some respite UK inflation hit a 16 - year high of 5.2 % in September , with energy bills behind much of the rise , figures have shown .
The Consumer Prices Index ( CPI ) measure was up from 4.7 % in August .
However , analysts expect this to mark a peak , with inflation tipped to slow as a result of lower oil prices and reduced demand in a slowing economy .
September 's Retail Prices Index ( RPI ) figure - used to work out benefits and state pensions for the coming year - rose to 5 % from 4.8 % a month earlier .
The key issue now is just how far and fast inflation will drop back as the food and energy effects ... finally fade or go into reverse
Jonathan Loynes
Capital Economics
Work out your personal inflation Pensions usually increase by 2.5 % or headline RPI , whichever is higher - meaning the government faces paying out billions more in benefits and pensions .
' Diluting ' effect
The recent economic downturn has seen recession replace inflation as the key risk to the UK economy .
Last week , the Bank of England cut interest rates to 4.5 % from 5 % in a co-ordinated worldwide move .
The Bank added that the risks of inflation had moved " decisively " to the downside .
However the high inflation figure will be a reminder of the inflationary risk , some observers say .
Increased food and energy prices this year have been blamed for taking inflation beyond the government 's 2 % target .
And the Bank predicts it will remain above that level until well into next year .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But reduced economic activity , rising unemployment and the continued difficulty in getting credit would curb spending and " dilute underlying inflationary pressures " , said Howard Archer , chief UK and European economist with Global Insight .
Inflation is likely to fall as low as 1 % by autumn 2009 , and could turn negative if oil prices continued to fall , according to Jonathan Loynes , chief European economist at Capital Economics .
" CPI was once again rather worse than expected in September , but this will be the peak in inflation , " he said .
" The key issue now is just how far and fast it will drop back as the food and energy effects which have pushed it up so sharply over the last year finally fade or go into reverse . "
The annual rate of inflation for energy and other household bills reached 15 % - the highest since 1989 - the Office for National Statistics said .
More expensive clothing , footwear , toys and games also added to the cost of living .
Food inflation slowed for the first time since March as the price of milk held steady , but the cost of meat continued to climb .
Changing habits
The squeeze on consumer spending hit High Street stores last month , according to the latest survey from the British Retail Consortium ( BRC ) , released on Tuesday .
For the savvy shopper there are a lot of bargains to be had
Stephen Robertson , British Retail Consortium
Like - for - like sales - which strip out the impact of new stores - were down 1.5 % in September compared with a year ago .
Sales have now been down in six of the past seven months .
The BRC said that food and drink was the only sector to show sales significantly up on a year ago .
Clothing and footwear sales in September remained poor , while sales of furniture and homewares were " well down " on a year ago .
The BRC 's director general , Stephen Robertson , told the BBC that consumers were changing their shopping habits .
" They 're doing more cooking and less ready - prepared food , they 're shopping around more , and indeed for the savvy shopper - and I 'm thinking here particularly of non-foods - there are a lot of bargains to be had as price deflation and fierce competition between stores means there 's more promotions , more discounts and more deals that I 've ever seen before , " he said .
" The bad news is extraordinary increases in gas and electricity prices are wiping out these gains , pushing overall inflation higher and hurting hard - pressed families and retailers of all sizes . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Posted on October 17 , 2008 in Articles
“ Economically , the bailout is a disaster …
In time we are all going to suffer for this . ” — Ron Paul On CNN Today
“ The idea we can create wealth out of a printing press does n’t make sense to me ”
Enjoy what you read ?
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
See Also : Ron Paul on CNN Today : Economically The Bailout Is A Disaster , Paul pans McCain and Obama for backing bailout , ICH Ron Paul : Capitalism Without Capital ? , and Ron Paul : Washington ’s True Maverick Talks Bailouts , the United States Constitution and Re-Making the US Dollar .
[ tags ] [ / tags ]
Posted on by fruitfly
HA !
Pams House Blend picked it up from 365 Gay.com on the newest sex scandal within the GOP .
This one is out of Texas ( why not ? ! ) and is just as tawdry and hypocritical as the rest of that sleazy dirty - minded bunch .
Charles ( Chuck ) Rosenthal , Houston , TX was the famous attorney who blew it ( no pun intended ) for all of those stupid Sodomy Laws throughout the country .
Rosenthal argued that homosexuality , along with adultry was not protected under any form of privacy because it cough cough it did n’t protect the American families and preserve marriage and reproduce .
The 2003 case was notably called “ Johnson v Texas “ .
His argument was taken all the way up to the US Supreme Court where the entire Sodomy Law “ concept ” fell down for all of the states .
Finally ; states had to devise a new and improve ways to harass the gays and lesbians .
Rosenthal said :
“ I think that this Court having determined that there are certain kinds of conduct that it will accept and certain kinds of conduct it will not accept may draw the line at the bedroom door of the heterosexual married couple because of the interest that this Court has that this Nation has and certainly that the State of Texas has for the preservation of marriage , families and the procreation of children . ”
… Chuck went on to say :
Even if you infer that various States acting through their legislative process have repealed sodomy laws , there is no protected right to engage in extrasexual – extramarital sexual relations , again , that can trace their roots to history or the traditions of this nation . ”
Well , now that ’s all thrown out the window .
All of that “ protected privacy ” crap disappeared when Rosenthal ’s office PC ended up in a civil lawsuit .
It turns out that his hard drive revealed that he ’s been having an affair with his executive secretary ( assumed a female “ sexitary ” < ? > ) .
To make matters worse , the drive revealed that in addition to his love for racist jokes ( and which GOP ’er does n’t love a good racist joke now and again ) , but he loves to check out sex videos during his spare time ( dirty old man ) .
Even though his election term runs out this November , Harris County might fire him for “ official misconduct ” .
( Let ’s hope someone cleans that keyboard before it gets adopted by somebody else ! )
HA !
… I love the smell of a fried Republican hypocrites in the morning !
So I trekked off to see who this guy ’s contributed to which GOP and I find out that September 19 , 2006 he dontated $ 500 to … drum roll please : NORM COLEMAN !!!
Oh NOOOO !!!
Say it ai n’t so Norman !!
You are n’t taking money from adulterers and porn kings , are you ?!!
Plastic surgeries , taking money from perverts …
Shoot !
You can bitch about liberal Hollywood types but you ’re more Hollywood than any of them !
In 2008 , Norm continues on as the Republican ideology known as “ Hate Politics ” .
He ’s rarely cared about what Minnesotans want , or expects out of our Federal Government .
Instead , he ’s spent six years listening to what King George wants , what Big Corrupt Corporations wants , and what high - profile homophobes want .
If Norm is going to take campaign money from hate mongers , then it ’s time he justifies it .
Paul Wellstone would n’t hesitate one second to explain each and every nickel and dime he took for his own campaigns .
Why should Hollywood Norm get a free pass for taking cash from perverts from Texas ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : GLBT , GOP , Uncategorized | Tagged : 365 Gay.com , assholes , attorneys , Chuck Rosenthal ( GOP - TX Hypocrite ) , GLBT , GLBT discrimination , GOP , GOP 2008 Convention , GOP Disease , GOP Evangelicals , harassing gays , hypocrits , jerking off , jerks , Johnson v Texas , Norm Coleman ( R- MN ) , Pam Spaulding , perverts , pinheads , sex addicts , Uncategorized |
Anti-FISA group targets GOP delegates in St. Paul Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday September 3 , 2008
Print This Email
This A grassroots movement that began in opposition to Barack Obama 's support of a controversial wiretapping law is turning its attention towards Republicans , who are meeting for their convention this week .
From its humble beginnings , Get FISA
Right has grown into a full fledged movement , and group members are purchasing air time on Minneapolis / St .
Paul - area cable systems for advertisements targeting thousands of Republican delegates and the reporters who have traveled there to cover them .
At least nine 30 - second advertisements will air Wednesday on Fox , CNN , Headline News and CNBC , Jon Pincus , a Get FISA Right organizer , told RAW STORY .
The group hopes to " use this to highlight that Obama and the Democrats are far better than ( John ) McCain on FISA and civil liberties in general , " Pincus said , using an acronym for the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which the Senate updated and expanded earlier this year .
Get FISA
Right began on my .
barackobama.com , the Democratic presidential candidate 's social networking portal , where supporters formed a group protesting Obama 's intention to vote for the spy bill .
After growing to become the largest group of Obama supporters , organizers branched off to form an independent organization with its own Web site , getFISAright.net .
Some passionate group members created several television ads that Get FISA Right will be airing with the help of SaysMe TV , which acts as a broker to get user - generated television ads on cable networks for relatively low cost .
One prime - time spot on Fox News in St. Paul costs $ 123 , Pincus says .
One ad that will be airing Tuesday takes a non-partisan approach , arguing the Constitution is more important than partisan politics .
" For 200 years , the Fourth Amendment protected us from unreasonable searches and seizures , " a narrator says .
" On July 9 , all the Republican Senators voted to allow the government to listen to your phone calls and read your email without a warrant .
We re building a new movement that puts our Constitution above politics .
Dont let American freedom die .
Join us at getFISAright.net "
Another ad that will air makes a more explicit argument against the Bush administration 's abuse of power and John McCain 's support of their spying policies .
" For 200 years , the Bill of Rights has protected our freedoms .
During the last eight years , the Bush administration listened to Americans ' phone calls and read their e-mails without a warrant .
If elected , John McCain would do the same , " that ad says .
" Do n't let our Constitution die .
Join us at getFISAright. net . "
While Pincus acknowledges there wo n't be too many sympathetic viewers among the Republican convention attendees , he says he hopes the ad will attract some attention from the thousands of reporters in St.
Paul to cover the convention and give them a news peg on which to hang new stories about civil liberties issues in the election .
" There 's a lot of people in the media who feel that this story needs to get more attention , " Pincus said , pointing to a piece by Slate legal correspondent Dahlia Lithwick lamenting the dearth of Constitution discussion at last week 's Democratic convention .
Furthermore , he says , supporters in town for Ron Paul 's parallel convention may be attracted to the group 's pro-civil liberties message .
Paul , a libertarian - leaning Republican congressman , attracted tremendous support for his unsuccessful presidential bid running on an anti-war message that vociferously criticized the Bush administration 's expansion of executive power in the wake of 9/11 .
Despite breaking with Obama on the FISA issue , Get FISA Right still strongly supports the Democratic candidate and is hoping for his election .
Pincus acknowledges , though , that those disaffected Paul Republicans do n't have to cast a Democratic ballot to advance that goal .
" I do think it's to Obama 's advantage if they simply vote for Bob Barr , " he says .
Grassroots group Get FISA
Right will be airing the following two ads during the Republican Convention in St. Paul Wednesday :
Correction :
An earlier version of this article incorrectly reported when the ads would run .
They will be running Wednesday
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Global stocks have fallen sharply on one of the worst days of trading in 30 years , despite continuing government efforts to tackle the crisis .
The UK's main FTSE 100 index ended down almost 9 % before a meeting of the finance ministers from the Group of Seven ( G7 ) most - developed nations .
In a day of major panic selling , the Dow Jones index fell as much as 5 % in the US before ending down 1.5 % .
The fear is that the financial crisis will tip the world into a recession .
France 's Cac index closed down 7.7 % , while Germany 's Dax lost 8.4 % in a day of heavy selling .
Chart the market movements throughout the day
In other major developments :
The British pound tumbled to a five - year low against the US dollar to trade at $ 1.6902 at one point , but recovered later .
It also fell against the euro to 1.245 euros
Tokyo's shares plunged 24 % during the week , double their weekly fall during the 1987 market crash
Oil prices fell to a one - year low , with US light crude dropping to $ 77.99 .
Back in July it hit a record high of $ 147.27
The three - month rate at which banks lend dollars to each other - known as Libor - rose to 4.8 %
Moscow and Jakarta stock markets remain suspended because of excessive volatility
The Vienna stock market fell 10 % on re-opening after trading was suspended on Friday morning Crisis meetings Investors increasingly fear a global recession , despite interest rate cuts and cash injections by central banks .
The underlying illness remains in the system - as manifested in the record amounts banks were charging each other yesterday for lending to each other
Robert Peston
BBC Business Editor
Robert Peston 's blog Interbank lending frozen President Bush said the White House was acting to resolve the crisis and restore stability to the markets .
" We are a prosperous nation with immense resources and a wide range of tools at our disposal , " he said .
After meeting in Washington , G7 finance ministers said they would take " decisive action and use all available tools " to tackle the world economic crisis .
Their talks come ahead of the annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank , also in US capital , on Saturday and Sunday .
' Fear ' Wall Street 's Dow Jones ended down 128 points to 8,451 .
" Fear has been running all over Wall Street , " said Dave Henderson , a floor trader on the New York Stock Exchange .
" I think the carcass has been stripped to the bone . "
The FTSE closed down 381.7 points lower at 3,932 , wiping £ 91.2bn off the value of the largest UK shares .
The index has fallen 21 % this week - the second - biggest weekly fall in FTSE 100 history .
The largest single day fall on the FTSE 100 was on Tuesday , 20 October 1987 , when the index lost 12.22 % .
This was a day after the so - called Black Monday global stocks crash , when the FTSE 100 declined 10.84 % .
For that week as a whole the FTSE 100 declined 28.23 % .
In Paris , the Cac 40 index finished down 266 points to 3,176.5 , while the Frankfurt - based Dax closed 343 points lower at 4,533.7 .
Earlier there were heavy falls across Asia 's markets as a climate of fear took hold .
In Japan , the Nikkei index slumped in its biggest one - day drop since the 1987 stock market crash .
DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE : 10 October 2008 * All Times GMT FTSE 100 INDEX : 10 October 2008 * All Times GMT
Back to link
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sept. 19 , 2008  --
A transgendered woman , who lost a job offer because of her sexual status , has won a potentially groundbreaking federal sex discrimination lawsuit .
A federal district court judge in Washington , D.C. , ruled today that the Library of Congress discriminated against Diane Schroer when it offered her a job and then rescinded it after learning she was transgendered .
The American Civil Liberties Union , which represented Schroer , said Judge James Robertson 's ruling is the first to hold that the federal sex discrimination statute , Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act , applies to transgendered people .
Other courts that have considered the issue have said Congress only intended for the anti-discrimination statute to protect men and women , but not people who change their sex , the ACLU said .
Robertson disagreed , saying Schroer 's case " was discrimination based on sex . "
" It is tremendously gratifying to have your faith in this country , and what is fundamentally right and fair , be reaffirmed , " Schroer said .
" I very much hope that this ruling will help to eliminate the all - too - pervasive discrimination against sexually nonconforming people in all areas . "
She added , " I hope , too , that employers , family members , friends and co-workers will begin to understand variations in sexual orientation and identity from a basis of knowledge and not fear . "
Schroer said she applied for , and was offered , a job at the Library of Congress as David Schroer .
When David went to his first meeting with his soon - to - be boss , Schroer told her that he would be transitioning to a female before starting the job .
The next day , the job offer was rescinded , Schroer says .
For more than 25 years , David Schroer was a star in the U.S. Army , rising through the ranks to become a Special Forces commander while leading a classified anti-terrorism unit involved in covert operations .
That all changed when Schroer abruptly retired from the military and made a shocking announcement that stunned both his colleagues and family .
He would no longer be Col. David Schroer , because he is now Diane Schroer , a transsexual .
In a 2005 interview with " 20/20 " Deborah Roberts , Schroer explained why , after decades of service in one of the most dangerous and macho lines of work , she became a woman .
" Does seem a bit of a disconnect , " Schroer acknowledged .
But , she says , she has struggled with her gender identity -- privately -- since childhood .
" Something was different since even before I can remember .
I was always enthralled with things the girls were doing .
...
Whenever my parents were gone , I would experiment with my mother 's makeup .
And wondered why I enjoyed doing that ...
Wondered why I could n't carry a purse , " Schroer said .
Painful Internal Battle
Her lawsuit may be precedent - setting , but Dr. George Brown , a military psychiatrist , said Schroer 's story is not unique .
He said he 's treated hundreds of soldiers who are transsexuals .
Brown described transsexualism as " a sense that there 's been a biological mistake -- that the body does n't match who you are as a person inside . "
Schroer says it was apparent to her from the time she was a child , growing up in Oak Lawn , Ill. , just outside Chicago .
Her brothers , Gary and Bill , only remember a happy childhood with their little brother , however .
" I think it was probably very much ... the typical American family , three boys growing up .
We played baseball .
We played in the neighborhood .
We rode bikes .
We pretty much did what other kids did in the ' 50s , " said Bill Schroer .
Schroer 's siblings never knew their little brother was suffering quietly , never daring to mention the anguish inside .
Schroer says growing up as a boy left her feeling uneasy and deeply conflicted about who she really was .
" When I hit adolescence , it was , at times , consuming .
...
So , I did everything I could to push that out of my mind , " she told Roberts .
When David Schroer entered Northern Illinois University , he was in full denial of his gender crisis .
He worked as an auto mechanic , an electrician and joined ROTC .
After graduation , he entered Special Forces and somehow thrived in the most dangerous of military careers .
He even fell in love with a woman and got married .
" We had a normal sexual relationship , " Schroer said .
" Although , I would say that I would often think of myself being on the other side of the relationship . "
Ending Years of Denial
Schroer managed to keep up the act , rising through the ranks of the military .
By his mid-40s , he was a Special Forces commander , leading a classified anti-terrorism unit and managing an $ 8 billion budget .
He even briefed Vice President Dick Cheney on secret missions .
But he grew tired of denying what he believed was his true sexual identity .
" I think when I learned enough to understand what it was that I was really feeling ...
I could either hide that , or I could acknowledge to the world that I was , in fact , a woman .
And receive their acknowledgement back , " Schroer told " 20/20 . "
Schroer told his wife first , even hoping there might be a possibility they could stay together .
But the couple decided to separate .
Schroer 's marriage was over , but he found fulfillment for the first time .
He began openly dressing as a woman and calling himself Diane .
Schroer was retired at the time , and did n't have to break the news to Washington 's top brass .
But he began telling his Special Forces buddies , including retired Lt. Col. Dan Bernard .
" The way she explained it to me was by showing me some photos that had been taken of her as a woman in a business kind of setting , wearing makeup and with a big wig and women 's clothes .
...
And I did n't get mad and I did n't storm out , " Bernard said .
" I explained to him about being transgendered and what that meant , and he sat back for a moment and said , ' You really had me scared .
Wow , I thought you were going to tell me something bad .' ...
It was a tremendous relief , " Schroer recalled .
Now , Schroer was confident enough to tell family , nervously breaking the news to Bill and Gary -- still dressed as David .
Even though the news was , and continues to be , difficult to accept , Gary Schroer said there was never a question in his mind about being supportive to his younger brother .
" It 's still tough .
But support and acceptance are two different things , " he said .
Schroer then began the long and painful process of becoming a woman , undergoing intense therapy and taking female hormones under medical supervision .
He also started wearing makeup , and underwent extensive cosmetic surgery .
In 12 hours of surgery , Schroer said , doctors gave him " a scalp advance , a forehead revision , nose reconstruction , upper lip revision , jaw and chin reshaping , and a tracheal shave . "
In a tracheal shave , the surgeon reduces the cartilage in the throat to get rid of a masculine - looking Adam 's apple .
The genital reassignment surgery would come later .
But in the meantime , Schroer was already looking more feminine and beginning to envision a new relationship .
But Schroer was n't envisioning a sexual relationship with any men .
Schroer is interested in dating women .
" I would say I am , in fact , a lesbian , " she said .
Schroer 's desire to be with women is not uncommon for transsexuals .
Brown says gender identity and sexual preference are two entirely different things .
" If sex and gender were the same , then that would make no sense at all .
Sexuality is who you 're attracted to .
Gender is who you are as a person , male or female .
So , the surgery and the transition is all about matching the mind with the body .
It has nothing to do with sexuality , " Brown said .
At Center of Landmark Gender Discrimination Suit
While Schroer is grateful to have the acceptance of her family , she has encountered challenges in her public life .
While still transitioning to become female , Schroer applied for , and was offered , a job as a terrorism analyst at the Library of Congress late last year .
Because she was still legally David Schroer , she did not reveal her plans to her prospective employer during the interview .
She decided to tell the woman who hired her that she would begin work as a woman , not a man .
Schroer said it seemed as though the woman took the information in stride and that the hiring was going forward as planned .
But the following day , Schroer said she was told that she was no longer " a good fit " for the position .
Schroer and her brothers were furious .
The Library of Congress first agreed to an interview with " 20/20 , " but then declined , citing Diane 's lawsuit .
In an e-mail , they wrote that they " acted appropriately and complied with the law " and that " claims such as those raised by Ms. Schroer ... are not covered under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act " or the U.S. Constitution .
While waiting for her day in court and looking for a full - time job , Schroer 's deepest fears concerned her family who had yet to see her as a woman .
In July , Schroer allowed " 20/20 " cameras to film her first visit as a sister with her family in suburban Chicago .
The family was understandably surprised by the dramatic change in her appearance , but before long , the brothers were reminiscing about their childhood .
For Gary and Bill Schroer , the memories are bittersweet as they feel , in a sense , they 've lost a brother while gaining a new sister .
For Schroer , the childhood memories have a far different meaning .
She 's always known that inside that little boy lived a little girl who longed to grow up and become a woman .
" What 's great about my life now is that it 's unified , it 's focused and this huge distraction that was in my life is now gone . "
It 's almost impossible to watch " Galaxy Quest " spoof the voyages of the Starship Enterprise and not be reminded of how trite and tired the " Star Trek " brand has become .
But J.J. Abrams , the man behind " Lost , " believes the time is ripe for the franchise 's 11th feature film .
“ I think a movie that shows people of various races working together and surviving hundreds of years from now is not a bad message to put out right now , ” Abrams told Entertainment Weekly .
“ In a world where ... ' The Dark Knight ' is raking in gazillions of dollars , ' Star Trek ' stands in stark contrast , ” Abrams says .
“ It was important to me that optimism be cool again . ”
The boundless optimism of " Star Trek " and its parallels with a certain politician are not lost on the cast .
" This is a franchise that offers hope for unity — and so does Barack Obama , " says Zachary Quinto , the new Spock .
“ When this movie comes out , and Obama is president , hopefully there will be some parallels . "
" My only regret is that the movie ca n’t come out sooner , ” says the original Spock , Leonard Nimoy .
" I think the world could use it .
Do n’t you ? "
Though Abrams insists William Shatner turned down an offer to appear in the new film , the actor clearly fees left out .
Last month Shatner posted a video on YouTube in which he took the director to task for not bringing Capt .
James T. Kirk back from the great beyond .
" I brought ( Kirk ) back to life in one of my books , very easily , " Shatner tells Abrams in the video .
" I ’m just sorry that I ’m not in your wonderful movie . "
" I do n’t know how my life has become a thing where William Shatner talks to me through YouTube , " says Abrams " I was such a huge fan of his , but we wrote a scene for him in the movie and it did n’t feel right ...
But we did try . "
A butcher ’s longtime customers stop paying their bills .
A building contractor has half as many jobs as he did a year ago .
A restaurant owner considers sharing space to stay afloat .
Steadily , inexorably , the fallout from Wall Street ’s layoffs and the credit crisis is trickling down to small businesses across the region .
Over the coming months ,
The New York Times will track six of those businesses to see how they are weathering the economic storm .
Downtown ’s Lean Time
Mouhamad Shami , 54 , the owner of Alfanoose , a Middle Eastern restaurant on Maiden Lane in the financial district , came to the United States in 1974 and opened his restaurant in 1999 , operating it with three employees : his wife ; his daughter , who plans to attend law school ; and his son , a junior at the State University of New York at Stony Brook .
Sales have dropped by nearly 30 percent as layoffs have mounted at nearby banks and brokerage houses , causing him to scrap plans to serve breakfast and to consider asking the deli next door to share his space and split the rent .
“ It ’s scary , to tell you the truth .
I can feel it , the cutting back .
Our business depends on orders from the big financial companies .
A.I.G. , they used to order from us .
Goldman Sachs , they cut down a lot .
Citigroup , I hardly get any orders from them anymore .
Image Georgette Blau Credit ... Rob Bennett for The New York Times
" They are afraid .
I am afraid .
It ’s crazy and it ’s scary .
I ’m afraid more for my kids ’ future .
“ I ’ll do everything I can , honestly , to stay in business .
As is , I put in long hours .
Like I said , the whole family works in this establishment .
And we take a pride of what we do .
So we built a name and a good reputation .
And we do n’t want to lose it .
Large animals are towards the top of the list when it comes to causing accidents in rural areas .
Even though many measures are in place to keep these collisions to a minimum , some accidents are unavoidable .
However , a new system is currently being tested that could help to reduce the number of animal related accidents even further .
The system works by implanting a special kind of cable in the ground a few feet back from the edge of the road .
The cables will emit an electromagnetic frequency that is calibrated to detect when a large animal crosses over the vertical beam .
When this does happen , a signal will be sent to a processor that will determine the location .
Once the location has been determined , signs that have small lights on them will begin flashing , warning drivers that there might be a large animal on the road ahead .
Obviously , people have to pay attention to the signs for the system to work and judging by how some people drive , that amount of attention does not exist .
The benefits of decreasing the number and frequency of animal related collisions are numerous .
The first and most obvious is the simple fact that you do n't have to pay for the repairs to a vehicle should you be the driver in question .
Secondly , in high traffic areas like highways where a single accident can cause a backup that lasts for hours , if only a single collision is avoided every week the amount of fuel saved would be enormous .
Another smaller benefit is the decrease some people would see in their insurance premium due to a lowered percentage of animal related mishaps .
The test bed for the system is currently in Colorado on a stretch of road where up to 70 % of all accidents can be related to animals .
Testers are also using radar detectors and other computer systems to test the average speed of the vehicles and just how much traffic the road sees .
Source : Tree Hugger
Britney Spears ’ transformation from troubled starlet to credible pop icon took something of a detour today , with news that her ex-boyfriend is offering to sell a sex tape .
Just a day after Spears announced plans for her first world tour since 2004 , her Birmingham - born former partner Adnan Ghalib confirmed rumours that a Britney sex tape exists and that he would sell it for the right price .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
However , the paparazzo photographer refused to discuss prices for hypothetical enquiries telling Heat magazine : " Unless there is a locked - in deal , I will go no further .
I am not interested in selling out any other details about Britney . "
The video was allegedly shot while on holiday in Mexico earlier this year and is thought to feature Spears wearing nothing but a pink wig .
The couple dated for around three months earlier this year , in the midst of a traumatic period for the singer which saw her sectioned and enter rehab .
They went their separate ways when Spears allegedly discovered Ghalib having an affair .
TORONTO , Oct 14 ( Reuters ) - The Toronto Stock Exchange ’s main index jumped at the open on Tuesday in a broad - based rally as investors played catch - up to Monday ’s monstrous surge on Wall Street and welcomed a U.S. plan to inject $ 250 billion into its banks .
Shortly after the open , the S&P / TSX composite index .
GSPTSE jumped 1,600.18 points , or 17.65 percent , at 10,665.34 .
Canadian markets were closed on Monday for Thanksgiving Day .
( $ 1= $ 1.15 Canadian )
“ Even if it is true they did n’t commit a crime , it would be appropriate to make what they did a misdemeanor so that in the future , those who violate the Civil Service laws cannot escape unscathed , ” Mr. Schumer said .
Most of the Justice Department lawyers implicated in the hiring abuses are now working in private practice at Washington law firms .
They cannot be disciplined by the Justice Department because they no longer work there , but officials said they could face disciplinary action from their local bars over accusations of misconduct .
Some Democrats in Congress have suggested that the Justice Department aides at the center of the hiring scandal  including Monica M. Goodling , who was a top aide to former Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales , and Kyle Sampson , who was his chief of staff  should also be investigated for possible perjury to determine if their sworn statements to Congress conflicted with what actually happened .
Legal experts interviewed Tuesday agreed with Mr. Mukasey ’s assessment that a violation of Civil Service law could not generally be treated as a criminal matter .
However , job applicants who believe they were passed over for jobs because of their political beliefs can bring discrimination lawsuits , and several lawyers have already done so by filing claims in federal court since the inspector general ’s reports came out .
Mr. Mukasey told the American Bar Association that the department would try to contact some of those passed over for jobs , including applicants for the honors program and temporary details , to see if they were interested in other positions .
But he said it would be unfair , and possibly illegal , for the department to reassign or dismiss the lawyers and other employees who were hired in part because they were seen as trusted conservatives .
“ Two wrongs do not make a right , ” he said .
Beth Slavet , former chairwoman of the Merit Systems Protection Board in Washington , said in an interview that she believed there should be an independent review to examine all the hirings that used political considerations and put in the best applicant for each spot .
“ Someone needs to clean up this mess that the Justice Department created , and I do n’t think what Mukasey is doing goes far enough , ” Ms. Slavet said .
The world ’s largest airliner landed at Los Angeles International Airport on Monday with about 450 people aboard , kicking off Southern California ’s first A380 passenger service and providing a welcome economic boost for the slumping airport .
Qantas Flight 93 from Melbourne , Australia , landed at 7:26 a.m. and was greeted by public officials and Hollywood celebrities including actor John Travolta and singer Olivia Newton - John .
The jetliner was scheduled to make its return flight to Australia late Monday .
Passengers , most of them Australians , described the flight as very quiet and smooth .
They also said they had little problem getting through customs and retrieving their bags .
“ I ’m surprised .
I ’m stunned , actually , ” said Phillip Prendergast , who flew with his wife , Carmen .
“ The customs agents were reassuring and friendly , too . ”
Advertisement
Today marked the start of the first scheduled passenger service of the new A380 at LAX , which by 2012 is expected to serve more super - jumbo jets than anywhere else .
The double - decked Airbus A380 is expected to alter the skies over Southern California much the way Boeing Co. 's 747 did when it began flying out of LAX nearly 40 years ago .
L.A. Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , on hand for the event , noted that the A380 was “ finally here ” after a two - year delay and touted how the start of the service would be an economic engine that could pump more than $ 600 million annually into the region and create 3,000 jobs .
The Qantas flights also will provide a boost to LAX , which is seeing flights dwindle as airlines slash service amid high fuel costs and low demand .
Advertisement
Total weekly departures at LAX are expected to fall nearly 20 % in November compared with a year earlier .
The deepest cuts have come from U.S. carriers such as United Airlines and Delta Air Lines .
But foreign carriers are mitigating some of the falloff .
Next week , Emirates Airlines is scheduled to begin nonstop service from LAX to Dubai , and carriers based in South Korea are likely to increase flights to LAX after President Bush last week approved a visa waiver program for that country .
Under the program , which had been mostly confined to Western European allies , South Korean visitors will no longer need a visa if they stay in the U.S. for less than 90 days .
It is intended to boost travel by friends and family of South Korean immigrants in the region , which has the largest concentration of South Koreans outside of the Asian country .
“ We are expecting more travelers , ” said John E. Jackson , Korean Air ’s director of passenger marketing and sales for the Americas .
The airline is the busiest Asian carrier at LAX .
“ We ’re actually finalizing our summer schedule for 2009 right now , and we intend to increase capacity . ”
Advertisement
The Qantas A380 had the limelight Monday as it parked next to a comparably diminutive Boeing 707 , one of the industry ’s first passenger jets .
This 707 , built in the late 1950s , is owned and flown by John Travolta , a pilot , aviation enthusiast and Qantas booster .
Although the A380 is about 25 % larger than a typical long - haul aircraft , passengers said they had few problems with the arrival process .
Some observers have criticized the plane as being too large and have raised concerns that it would clog airport operations .
Also on the maiden flight was Luke Chittock , a travel agent from Perth , who is one of a handful of people who have been on every A380 inaugural service .
He was on the first - ever A380 passenger flight , on Singapore Airlines , and then the first A380 flight to the U.S. on Emirates Airlines , which traveled from Dubai to New York .
“ Whew !
Got another one under my belt , ” Chittock said , adding that the flights are “ all about the same now . ”
Advertisement
Qantas plans to fly the A380 from LAX to Melbourne twice a week , and on Friday the airline will begin another A380 service between Sydney and LAX .
The carrier , which has ordered 20 of the $ 300 - million planes , currently operates six flights a day between Australia and the Los Angeles airport , flying mostly 747 jumbo jets .
The airline decided to inaugurate the A380 on its service to LAX because the route is considered one of the most profitable in the world .
A round - trip business - class ticket on the A380 fetched more than $ 18,000 .
During the A380 ’s layover in L.A. on Monday , Qantas took about 200 travel agents , journalists and public officials on a two - hour flight in the plane over California .
It included a flyover the Golden Gate bridge in San Francisco before returning to LAX .
In a reunion of the stars from the musical film “ Grease , ” Travolta , wearing his pilot captain ’s uniform , and Newton - John , dressed as one of the flight attendants , walked down the plane ’s aisle together , shaking hands and promoting the new plane for Qantas .
Advertisement
“ It ’s whole lot different being a crew , ” she said , with Travolta standing next to her .
“ I ’m just trying not to spill the champagne . ”
--
peter.pae@latimes.com
Artist 's impression of the environment of a young star , showing the geometry of the dust disc in the outer area and the hot gas disc closer to the central star .
Note that the image is not to scale and the inner gas disc , which was studied by the astronomers using ESO 's Very Large Telescope Interferometer , is smaller than the distance between the Earth and the Sun , while the whole disc is tens of times larger .
TheEuropean Southern Observatory 's Very Large Telescope has given astronomerstheir most detailed look at how infant stars feed off the disks of gas and dustthat swirl around them as they grow .
Galaxieshave regions where large amounts of gas and dust are concentrated .
If the gasis cold and dense enough , clouds of it will collapse and begin to form stars .
The stars continue to feed off the surroundinggas as they grow .
The disk of dust and gas can also give rise to a planetarysystem , as it did in our own solar system .
Observingyoung stars can help astronomers better understand the processes that control starformation , but the closest star - forming regions to us are about 500 light - years away .
Their great distance makes these gas disks appear very smallin Earth 's sky , so specialized techniques must be used to look for fine detailsin the structures .
Aninternational group of astronomers used two such techniques to probe the innergaseous environments of six young stars belonging to the family of HerbigAe / Be objects , which are a few times the size of our sun and still growing .
The findings are detailed in the October issue of the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics .
Twotechniques
One of thebest ways to resolve far - away features is interferometry , a technique thatcombines the light of two or more telescopes so that the level of detailcorresponds to what would be seen by a telescope with a diameter equal to theseparation between the two telescopes , which can be hundreds of feet apart .
The VeryLarge Telescope Interferometer ( VLTI ) has allowed astronomers to achieve aresolution of about a milli- arcsecond , an angle equivalent to the size of theperiod at the end of this sentence seen from a distance of 31 miles ( 50 kilometers ) .
Theastronomers combined interferometry with spectroscopy , or splitting light intoits constituent colors , to examine the gas emission processes around the youngstars , which can be linked to the physical processes involved in the stars ' formation .
Astronomers have long debated what exactly causes these gasemissions .
" Theorigin of gas emissions from these young stars has been under debate until now , because in most earlier investigations of the gas component , the spatialresolution was not high enough to study the distribution of the gas close tothe star , " said study co-leader Stefan Kraus from the Max Planck Institutefor Radio Astronomy in Germany .
" By combining spectroscopy andinterferometry , the VLTI has given us the opportunity to distinguish betweenthe physical mechanisms responsible for the observed gas emission . "
Gasemissions
Most interferometryso far has studied only the dust that closely surrounds the young stars , butastronomers wanted to get a closer look at the gas in the same region because " dust is only one percent of the total mass of the disks .
Their maincomponent is gas , and its distribution may define the final architecture ofplanetary systems that are still forming , " said Eric Tatulli of the Observatoire de Grenoble in France and also a co-leader of the study .
Twoprocesses were suspected to be behind the gas emissions observed coming fromthe disk : material falling onto the star and gas being ejected as a wind fromthe disk .
The study found evidence of both .
Of the sixstars examined , two showed evidence of infalling material .
Four other starsshowed evidence of mass outflow , either as an extended stellar wind or as windcoming from the disks surrounding the stars .
For one ofthe stars , it seemed that dust might be present closer to the star than wasexpected .
The dust is so close that the temperature should be high enough forit to evaporate , but since that was not seen to be the case , astronomerssuspect that the gas in the area shields the dust from the star 's light .
The newobservations have shown that it is possible to study gas in the disks aroundyoung stars , and future observations could yield even more valuable informationabout howstars form .
" Futureobservations using VLTI spectro - interferometry will allow us to determine boththe spatial distribution and motion of the gas , and might reveal whether theobserved line emission is caused by a jet launched from the disk or by astellar wind , " Kraus said .
The studywas partly funded by a grant from the Italian National Institute forAstrophysics , as well as the Agence Nationale de la Recherche ( ANR ) of France and by the Programme National de Physique Stellaire ( PNPS ) .
The Japanese internet tycoon who paid $ 21 million to become the first space tourist to walk outside the International Space Station wants his money back .
In a lawsuit , Daisuke Enomoto , 37 , claims that Space Adventures , the private firm with connections to the Russian Federal Space Agency , " deceptively and fraudulently " induced him to pay $ 21 million for a 10 - day orbital sojourn that never materialized .
The Virginia company scuttled Enomoto 's space journey to the Russian section of the station after he refused to cough up more money , according to the suit , which says Space Adventures cited his health as a " pretense " to deny him of his childhood dream of space travel .
The complaint ( .pdf ) , filed in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia , tells a tale seeped in eye - popping sums of money , and allegations of the rich eating the rich in a bid to reach space , the final frontier .
Enomoto claims that Space Adventures repeatedly pestered the former Livedoor executive to invest , and that the company took his money without ever having permission by the Russians or the 15 other members of the International Space Station to participate in a space walk – what the lawsuit calls " extra-vehicular activities " or EVA .
The lawsuit charges that Space Adventures informed him that the Russian Federal Space Agency " approved Mr. Enomoto's EVA participation . "
But the space walk will cost an " extra " $ 10 million .
In response to the complaint , Space Adventures said in a court filing Wednesday that , " Even if Enomoto could prove his unlikely claim that he was somehow misled , he suffered absolutely no damage from any misstatement because , as the complaint admits , the cause of his failure to fly was medical disqualification , not lack of authority . "
Enomoto , of Tokyo , grew up coding his own computer games and dreaming of space .
" I just wanted to go up there and chill , " he said in a recent interview with Wired magazine .
As part of his space flight , he planned on dressing like one of his favorite anime characters : Char Aznable from Gundam .
His planned space experiment was to put together Gundam toys under weightlessness .
Enomoto finished months of intense training at Star City , Moscow , and was ready for his September 2006 launch from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Maikonur , Kasakhstan , home to the world 's oldest spaceport .
He was to fly in a Soyuz - FG rocket and Soyus - TMA spacecraft .
But a month before the Sept. 18 , 2006 , flight , according to the lawsuit , he was required to undergo another physical examination .
Previous tests had determined he had kidney stones , but he was cleared for travel anyway .
According to his lawsuit , the results of the second tests showed " Mr. Enomoto 's kidney stones to be larger and more numerous than they had appeared to be in his previous examinations . "
The suit added that Enomoto has never been provided " any documentary results of that examination . "
The lawsuit claims Space Adventures convinced the RFSA to release Enomoto , using medical issues as a pretense .
Space Adventures , which has put at least five men and women into orbit , said in court documents ( . pdf ) Wednesday that " Enomoto is not entitled to a refund because under the contract , his payments were not refundable if he became medically disqualified . "
The contract ( .pdf ) says a refund is in order if Space Adventures fails to deliver a space trip .
John Villa , Space Adventures ' attorney , said Wednesday " Enomoto knew this yet he entered the contract , made his payments and accepted months of specialized training .
He is not entitled to any refund and he must be held to pay for the flight he did not take . "
" This was a risk he undertook , " Villa added .
Wealthy businesswoman Anousheh Ansari took his place in the 2006 flight .
The lawsuit claims Space Adventures booted Enomoto to acquire a " separate investment " in Space Adventures from Ansari .
Did McCain play the race card with ' wildly exaggerated ' attack ad ?
Nick Juliano
Published : Friday September 19 , 2008
Print This Email This
With the shaky economy at the forefront of voters minds , John McCain wanted to convince voters that Barack Obama was unfit to set the country on the right financial path .
The Republican presidential candidate 's first offering was an ominous spot tying Obama to ousted Fannie Mae CEO Franklin Raines , who the Democrat 's campaign says is not an adviser .
Why make that connection ?
Some are speculating that it allowed the McCain campaign to play the " race card " because Raines is African American .
" This is hardly subtle , " writes Time 's Karen Tumulty .
" Sinister images of two black men , followed by one of a vulnerable - looking elderly white woman . "
Several conservative bloggers attacked Tumulty 's conclusions .
All the rebuttals pointed to essentially the same backup McCain 's campaign used in making the connection -- this Washington Post article and a subsequent editorial .
There really is no evidence beyond pieces which mention " phone calls " from unidentified members of the Obama campaign and refer to Rains as part of the Democrat 's " political circle . "
Neither piece presents much evidence of a relationship between the two men , and a Lexis Nexis database search turned up just two other mentions of Raines as an " informal adviser , " neither of which attribute the information .
In a fact check of the McCain ad Friday , the Post said the Republican 's campaign was " exaggerating wildly " and provided more detail on the reports .
So what evidence does the McCain campaign have for the supposed Obama - Raines connection ?
It is pretty flimsy , but it is not made up completely out of whole cloth .
McCain spokesman Brian Rogers points to three items in the Washington Post in July and August .
It turns out that the three items ( including an editorial ) all rely on the same single conversation , between Raines and a Washington Post reporter , Anita Huslin , who wrote a Style section profile of the discredited Fannie Mae boss that appeared on July 16 .
The profile reported that Raines , who retired from Fannie Mae four years ago , had " taken calls from Barack Obama 's presidential campaign seeking his advice on mortgage and housing policy matters . "
Since this has now become a campaign issue , I asked Huslin to provide the exact circumstances of the quote .
She explained that she was chatting with Raines during the photo shoot , and asked " if he was engaged at all with the Democrats ' quest for the White House .
He said that he had gotten a couple of calls from the Obama campaign .
I asked him about what , and he said 'oh , general housing , economy issues . '
( ' Not mortgage / foreclosure meltdown or Fannie - specific , ' I asked , and he said ' no . ' ) "
By Raines 's own account , he took a couple of calls from someone on the Obama campaign , and they had some general discussions about economic issues .
I have asked both Raines and the Obama people for more details on these calls , and will let you know if I receive a reply .
It 's unclear whether the Obama campaign requested a correction to either of the Post items when they first appeared in July .
A campaign spokesman did not immediately respond to RAW STORY 's request for clarification .
The Associated Press reports that campaign spokesman Bill Burton has since asked for a correction .
McCain is not backing away from the Raines connection , though .
The candidate himself made the charge during a campaign stop in Green Bay Friday .
" Another CEO for Fannie Mae , Mr. Raines , has been advising Senator Obama on housing policy .
This even after Fannie Mae was found to have committed quote " extensive financial fraud " under his leadership , " McCain said .
" Like Mr. Johnson , Mr. Raines walked away with tens of millions of dollars . "
The Obama campaign told AP that at least one McCain campaign adviser knew the connection they were about to make was wrong , although it seems that message still has n't reached the top levels of the campaign .
Obama 's campaign says Raines is not an Obama adviser and that McCain 's campaign knows it because Raines said so in an e-mail earlier this week to Carly Fiorina , a top McCain adviser .
Obama 's campaign provided The Associated Press with a copy of the e-mail .
" Carly : Is this true ? "
Raines asks above a forwarded note informing him that Fiorina was on television saying he was an Obama housing adviser .
" I am not an adviser to the Obama campaign .
Frank . "
Obama 's campaign says Fiorina did not respond .
A more convincing attack on Obama 's ties to Fannie Mae would highlight his past connection to Jim Johnson , Raines predecessor at the mortgage firm who at one point was running Obama 's vice presidential search before he had to be let go in the midst of his own scandal .
Johnson and Obama were mentioned simultaneously in 379 news articles , according to a database search ; that 's 10 times more than Obama and Raines , whose names both appeared in just 34 articles prior to the release of McCain 's ad .
Later Friday morning , McCain 's campaign released a separate ad highlighting the Johnson connection and purchased national air time for it .
Obama 's campaign hit back with its own advertisement targeting McCain advisers Carly Fiorina , who received a $ 42 million severance after being fired from HP , and Phil Gramm , who was excoriated earlier this year for mocking a country worried about its economic future as a " nation of whiners . "
McCain 's campaign released the following two ads Friday :
The Obama campaign released this ad Friday :
" When I was a girl you only had sex with your husband and I never married .
I grew up in an era where little girls were to be seen and not heard so I had to learn to stand up for myself and earn my own living .
Palin to Sit Down With ABC News ' Charlie Gibson McCain campaign shrugs off suggestion Palin is ducking press .
Sept. 7 , 2008  -- Gov. Sarah Palin will sit down with ABC News ' Charlie Gibson for her first interview since winning the Republican vice presidential nomination , the network 's news division confirmed today .
Palin accepted the nomination to be Sen. John McCain 's running mate 10 days ago , but has yet to submit to questions from reporters covering the election .
The Alaskan governor was taunted by the spokesman of her Democratic counterpart , Delaware Sen .
Joe Biden , for not submitting to a grilling by the press .
Reporters covering Biden gave the candidate a cardboard cutout of McCain , and Biden spokesman David Wade promptly used the gag to take a poke at Palin .
" You realize you could 've made history if you 'd found a cardboard cut - out of Governor Palin , " Wade said .
" That 's the closest she would 've been to taking tough questions from the national media since she was selected . "
" Then again , I guess the Republicans are continuing their recent history of keeping their vice - presidential picks in secure , undisclosed locations , " he added , in reference to Vice President Dick Cheney 's use of an " undisclosed location " after the Sept. 11 attacks .
" Yet another way that McCain - Palin is more of the same . "
The McCain campaign , however , has complained that the press coverage of Palin has been sexist and intrusive in asking whether she is capable of being a mother to five children and vice president at the same time , and delving into the pregnancy of her 17 - year - old umarried daughter .
Rick Davis , McCain 's campaign manager , told Fox News today that Palin would n't subject herself to any tough questions from reporters " until the point in time when she 'll be treated with respect and deference . "
Davis shrugged off the criticism and said Palin would do interviews , " When we think it 's time and when she feels comfortable doing it . "
" She 's not scared to answer questions .
But you know what ?
We run our campaign , not the news media .
And we 'll do things on our timetable , " Davis said .
Palin was campaigning in New Mexico today .
ABC News did not release details of when the interview would take place .
Palin has proven to be a difficult target for the Democrats to attack without hurting themselves .
For now , according to Obama insiders , the Obama campaign , fearing a backlash , will not ask surrogates including Hillary Clinton to launch an all - out bashing of Palin .
Instead , the Obama campaign will aim its heaviest artillery at McCain while waiting and hoping that Sarah Palin makes a mistake .
In addition , the Christian book publisher Zondervan is coming out with a biography of Palin in October .
It will be entitled " Sarah Palin : A New Kind of Leader . "
The Associated Press and ABC News ' John Cochran , Jake Tapper and Matthew Jaffe contributed to this report
Welcome to Stanford Engineering Everywhere ( SEE )
Stanford Engineering Everywhere ( SEE ) expands the Stanford experience to students and educators online and at no charge .
A computer and an Internet connection are all you need .
The SEE course portfolio includes one of Stanford 's most popular sequences : the three - course Introduction to Computer Science , taken by the majority of Stanford ’s undergraduates , as well as more advanced courses in artificial intelligence and electrical engineering .
View complete lecture videos via streaming or downloaded media — anytime , anywhere — on your PC , Mac or mobile device .
Access full course materials including syllabi , handouts , homework , and exams .
Stanford encourages fellow educators to use Stanford Engineering course materials in their own classrooms .
A Creative Commons license allows for free and open use , reuse , adaptation and redistribution of Stanford Engineering Everywhere material .
VMware reports that its Fusion software for Macintoshes is being used by scientists at CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research , creators of the Large Hadron Collider .
VMware Fusion enables Intel - based Macs to run non-Mac OS X based operating systems without having to reboot first .
CERN scientists are using Fusion to share Linux - based computer code on Fusion “ virtual machines ” running on Macs .
The software links the computers to the LHC Computing Grid — a network of about 40,000 CPUs .
Located underground in Geneva , Switzerland , the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) is the world ’s largest particle accelerator , and physicists will use the LHC to study the origin of matter by colliding protons together .
Scientists hope to produce subatomic particles that will help prove or disprove current theories about the birth of the Universe .
Some groups have claimed that the LHC will destroy the planet by creating a black hole ; CERN scientists dismiss such claims .
The LHC went online with its first proton beam Wednesday , with high - energy collisions expected to start on October 21 , 2008 .
« NO BAILOUT : Watch Ron Paul on CNN Today | Main | Here 's How to Fix the Wall Street Mess ... from Michael Moore »
No Bailout : Call the Senate Today - Stop Bush 's " No Banker Left Behind Act "
Call the Senate Today
Stop Bush 's " No Banker Left Behind Act "
Having suffered a stunning defeat of their " Grand Theft Bailout " Bill on Monday , the Bush Administration , the banks and Wall Street are now coming back for their second try .
They are used to directing the affairs of the country regardless of the will of the people .
The U.S. Senate is expected to vote tonight , Wednesday evening , in favor of a nearly identical version .
This is intended to force the House of Representatives to do the same when they return tomorrow , Thursday .
You can call the Capitol Switchboard at 800-473-6711 or 202-224-3121 to ask to be transferred to the offices of the Senators from your state .
Bush 's " No Banker Left Behind Act " was defeated because of overwhelming public opposition .
But now the politicians have come up with an easy answer .
In an unprecedented step , Congress is virtually shutting down its incoming constituent email .
They are installing the digital version of riot police , protecting the politicians from an enraged population that demands to be heard .
Congress has acknowledged that it is receiving millions of emails from the people of the United States , all opposing this theft of $ 700 billion to be handed to the richest bankers .
People who try to send emails are likely to receive error messages and their emails will not go through during " peak hours . "
Congress claims that this is a response to the overwhelming emails to keep their server from crashing ; however , their server did not crash during the time they were receiving the most emails and they quietly instituted this program late Tuesday afternoon .
The U.S. Senate - this country 's version of the House of Lords - is returning to do the work of the White House in league with the biggest bankers .
Known as " millionaires club " because of the elite status of its members , the U.S. Senate is playing the same role that the King 's House of Lords played in earlier times in British history , a political barrier created to protect the aristocracy from the wrath of the people .
VoteNoBailout.org is urging all of its members and supporters to call Congress , to email them at " off peak " hours , and to come directly to the U.S. Capitol on Thursday morning at 10 am so our voices can be heard at the People 's Demonstration / Speakout .
Congress can run but they can't hide from the wrath of the people .
We wo n't let them .
Thursday 's demonstration will take place at 10 am on the South side of the Capitol at Independence Ave. and New Jersey Avenues SE .
For more information , see below or go to VoteNoBailout.org .
You can call the Capitol Switchboard at 800-473-6711 or 202-224-3121 to ask to be transferred to the offices of the Senators from your state .
Demonstration at
the U.S. Capitol Building
Thursday , October 2
10:00 am
Independence and New Jersey Ave. SE
South Side of the Capitol
Washington , D.C .
Initiated by VoteNoBailout.org
Click this link to join the endorsers ' list .
Click this link to download a flyer for the protest
Your support is urgently needed to organize activities and distribute literature to make sure the people 's victory not be overturned .
Click this link to make a donation .
The VoteNoBailout.org website has attracted extensive support throughout the country .
Over 170,000 letters were sent through the website to Congress within the last week .
Click this link to send your letter to Congress .
October 1 , 2008 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e20105351a7ca1970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference No Bailout : Call the Senate Today - Stop Bush 's " No Banker Left Behind Act " :
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
Is this the worst radio interview ever ?
It 's writer and broadcaster Hardeep Singh Kohli being interviewed about his new book , Indian Takeaway , on the Les Ross show on BBC WM .
At least , it 's supposed to be about his book , but ends up more like an Alan Partridge tribute act .
" Are you Asian British Scottish , or British Scottish Asian ?
It 's very important to get them all in the right order these days is n't it ? " asks Ross .
It starts off bad , and just keeps getting worse .
" I think we need to take it to a higher plane , not that your book is n't on a higher plane already . "
See what we mean ?
Ross then confuses Kohli 's comedy memoir about food with his BBC Radio 4 series about the partition of India , Pakistan and Bangladesh .
" I thought it was that with fish and chips thrown in , " offers Ross .
No , replies the author .
One 's funny , the other 's about genocide .
" I 'm not clear what 's happening here .
Have I missed the point ? " asks a bemused Kohli , seconds before he terminates the interview .
" You 've been in broadcasting before , " replies Ross .
" Surely you know what 's happening ? "
Yes , it 's called a car crash .
A great big car crash .
A-ha !
America 's largest women 's rights organisation delivered a snub to Sarah Palin 's history - making candidacy yesterday by endorsing Barack Obama and Joe Biden 's bid for power .
The National Organisation for Women ( NOW ) is 500,000 strong and hugely influential .
The feminist organisation almost never supports a presidential candidate , but the Alaska governor 's Christian fundamentalist faith and her opposition to abortion rights has forced its hand .
Other women 's rights organisations are also campaigning against Governor Palin , pushed along by a spontaneous anti-Palin movement among women .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In Alaska at the weekend , a Welcome Home rally for Mrs Palin was dwarfed by a demonstration organised by Alaska Women Reject Palin , which was held on the lawn of a downtown Anchorage library .
After triggering a huge surge of enthusiasm for John McCain 's campaign and sending him into the lead over Barack Obama , Mrs Palin has come under intense scrutiny from the national media .
The investigation known as " Troopergate " threatens to expose her as a bullying governor who fired Alaska 's de facto police chief for family rather than professional reasons .
The controversy moved up a notch yesterday when Mrs Palin 's campaign team announced her refusal to co-operate with the Troopergate investigation because it was " tainted " by politics .
NOW 's decision to back Senator Obama when a woman is within striking distance of becoming elected is a bold step for the group and a setback for John McCain 's hopes of luring the millions of women who supported Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primaries .
" The addition of Sarah Palin gave us a new sense of urgency , " Kim Gandy , the head of NOW , told National Public Radio .
" She is being portrayed as a supporter of women 's rights ... as a feminist when in fact her positions on so many of the issues are really anathema to ours .
" A lot of women think it 's a great thing for a woman to be running for vice - president , " she continued , " but they are completely dismayed when they find out her positions .
The idea that she opposes abortion even in cases of rape and incest – those kinds of positions are completely out of step with American women and once they find out about those positions , they get a little less excited . "
Last week , Alaska legislators ordered Mrs Palin 's husband , Todd , as well as her chief of staff and deputy chief of staff to answer questions at the Troopergate inquiry .
Several years ago , Governor Palin 's sister went through a custody battle with her ex-husband Trooper Mike Wooten .
Efforts to sack Trooper Wooten failed and Governor Palin sacked the safety director Walt Monegan instead .
Mrs Palin 's refusal to co-operate with the panel could raise more doubts her suitability as a national candidate in the minds of voters .
The governor 's creationist beliefs have also emerged as a hurdle .
In Wasilla , where she cut her teeth as a Republican mayor , the Rev Howard Bess , a Baptist minister and author of the book Pastor , I am Gay , says his work was on then Mayor Palin 's " hit list " for removal from the town 's library .
" People in city government have confirmed to me what Sarah was trying to do , " he said .
Another Wasilla resident , Phil Munger , a music composer and teacher , says she pushed an evangelical agenda in the town .
" She wanted to get people who believed in creationism on the [ school ] board .
I bumped into her after my band played at a graduation ceremony at the Assembly of God [ a church ] .
I said , ' Sarah , how can you believe in creationism – your father 's a science teacher . '
And she said , ' We do n't have to agree on everything . '
I pushed her on the earth 's creation , whether it was really less than 7,000 years old and whether dinosaurs and humans walked the earth at the same time .
And she said yes , she 'd seen images somewhere of dinosaur fossils with human footprints in them . "
Mr Munger also asked Mrs Palin if she believed in the End of Days , the doomsday scenario when the Messiah will return .
" She looked in my eyes and said , ' Yes , I think I will see Jesus come back to earth in my lifetime ' . "
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Steve Jobs , in an internal email seen by Ars Technica , makes clear that he ’s upset about the botched launch of MobileMe , Apple ’s new online suite of applications that has been plagued with bugs , including being flat - out unavailable to some for days at a time .
“ It was a mistake to launch MobileMe at the same time as iPhone 3G , iPhone 2.0 software and the App Store , ” he says .
“ We all had more than enough to do , and MobileMe could have been delayed without consequence . ”
Amen to that .
Having been a subscriber to dot-Mac for years , I was quite upset when the service failed to work at launch .
They tried to hush everyone by waiving one month ’s fee , but regardless , while some parts of it are up and running , many of the problems continue .
It was n’t till Walt Mossberg and David Pogue publicly spanked the service with their respective wet bamboo stems that Apple started to understand the magnitude of the problem .
In his email , Jobs says : “ The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services . ”
You can say that again .
The big question in the wake of the MobileMe debacle is whether or not the company even knows how to plan for heavy load .
I have picked up some tidbits from my Internet infrastructure sources , who tell me that :
There is no-unified IT plan vis -a - vis applications ; each has their own set of servers , IT practices and release scenarios .
Developers do testing , load testing and infrastructure planning , all of which is implemented by someone else .
There ’s no unified monitoring system .
They use Oracle on Sun servers for the databases and everything has its own SAN storage .
They do not use active Oracle RAC ; it is all single - instance , on one box , with a secondary failover .
Apparently they are putting web servers and app servers on the same machines , which causes performance problems .
One of my sources opined that Apple clearly was n’t too savvy about all the progress made in infrastructure over the past few years .
If this insinuation is indeed true , then there is no way Apple can get over its current spate of problems .
It needs a crash course in infrastructure and Internet services .
Apple ’s problem is that it does n’t seem to have recognized the fact that it ’s in the business of network - enabled hardware .
The looks , UI and edge devices are only as good as the networking experience — whether it comes from Apple or from its partners .
MobileMe could just be the canary in the coal mine as far as the Cupertino Kingdom is concerned .
MobileMe is n’t that big a portion of their revenues right now , but what happens when the problems hit the iTunes store ?
Imagine the uproar when your 3G connections slow to a crawl because AT&T ’s wireless backhaul can’t handle the traffic surge .
It might not be a problem of Apple ’s making but the company will face the brunt of the backlash .
Remember , most of us instinctively blame the device first , then curse the carrier .
Financial turmoil may not just boost government 's role in markets .
It could undermine a push in recent years by conservatives , including John McCain , to inject more market forces into government - run and heavily regulated programs .
On the presidential campaign trail , Democrat Barack Obama is seizing on the recent turbulence to lambast proposals by Sen.
McCain on Social Security and health care , two areas on which the Republican presidential nominee has embraced market - oriented solutions .
These ...
8 - Bit Means Never Having to Say ' I Love You '
There 's no denying that in recent years the world has embraced geekdom .
It 's been reinvented , repackaged , and sold at a higher price .
Suddenly kids with leather jackets , slicked back hair , who drove hot rods to school , and always had a fresh toothpick hanging out their mouths are no longer cool .
It 's the geeks .
And moreover , it 's the geeks who can fix your computer .
Of course , now that geekdom has become so cool , and those poor Greasers suddenly feel left out , everyone is trying to be Geek .
What 's now happened is you have three forms of Geek .
There 's the geeks who are geeks , and can't help but be geeks , and also do n't know what to do with this sudden new found popularity , then there 's the geeks who are geek - chique but still need a geek when their computer has a bug , and finally there 's the veteran geek who is looking at the geeks of modern day and grumbles with other Geeks over their TelNet wire about how true geeks should n't be popular , and how they probably do n't even know how to Phone Phreak .
The result of all this embracing of geekdom has been that the younger geek is now protecting what it is to be geek .
Protecting it with their lives .
The other day , as I sat around - the cuffs of my pants a good 3 inches above my ankles in ample preparation for any flooding , I over heard the following conversation between two semi-sentient beings that Wikipedia has informed me are called " women . "
One of them said to the other : " Do you get these new Microsoft commercials ? " and the other replied with : " No , my boyfriend finds them hilarious though .
But he wo n't explain them to me .
He says I wo n't get it .
Only geeks get it .
" Now anyone that trolls the wire knows that there 's a lot of clamor these days about the difficult to comprehend commercials of Microsoft .
Geeks , and Geek - Chiques alike .
But what mostly struck me is that sentence : " He says I wo n't get it . "
That sentece is the essence of all snobbery .
" Why would I want to be a Pantera car ? "
" Ugh , you wo n't get it .
" " What 's so great about Jim Jarmusch ? "
" Ugh , you wo n't get it .
" " What 's so great about a 7 - minute long guitar solo on a guitar with 4 necks ? "
" Ugh , you wo n't get it . " ( see Michael Angelo Batio ) " What 's so great about a bunch of short people trying to destroy a ring ? "
" Ugh , you wo n't get it .
" The fact remains , in trying to protect geekdom , and keep it in its purest form , geeks are pitted against each other .
There always has been inner turmoil amongst the ranks .
For long years there 's been the ongoing debacle of Windows Vs Linux Vs Apple Vs Unix .
Thankfully , we 've gotten rid of most of those Unix guys ... the weirdos .
There 's been many other issues beyond operating systems too .
Developers are , perhaps , the worst among the lot .
If you could convert the ego of a single developer into energy , with even 90 % lost as heat , you 'll have a ever - renewable source of energy .
Now imagine a room full of devs .
As part of the development cycle , there 's often what is called a " Code Review . "
This is an intense and gruelling session , where a single developer allows others to review their code and receive comments .
Egos - which are supposed to be checked at the door at no charge , are kept on .
A code review is - to some - like putting your brain on display , with all it 's logical inner-workings and lack there of .
And you are left there , allowing yourself to be picked apart .
" Why did you name your variable that ? "
"
Why are you using a while loop , and not a for loop ? " " Can you not break out of that loop sooner ? " " Can you change that inequality to an if not -condition ?
" Recently I was struck with some criticism on the internet .
I had written a useful bit of code , and released it out for people to use freely .
I pointed out the potential pit falls , and where it could be improved upon .
And I left my email attached to it such that , if anyone needed some help with it , they could contact me .
What I received was an email pointing out my folly in using i++ , instead of ++i ( For the non-programmers , both are statements to increment a variable i by 1 .
If i=2 , then i++ will make i=3 .
The difference between ++i and i++ is this : ++i will increment i , and then evaluate the rest of the expression , while i++ will evaluate and then increment )
After looking around the internet ( never being one for the UseNet ) , I found that this issue is actually one that is being debated and contested quite often .
Without going to deeply into it , the nitty gritty reasoning I could find , comes down to basically this : ++i will increment i and return it , while i++ will create a temp " i " in memory , increment it , and then return it .
That temporary storage of inforamtion causes a slow down .
But we 're talking about a very minute slow down that only ever factors in if you 're modelling the atmosphere - where such a tiny slow down builds up over time - and you could be saving an hour 's worth of time if you use ++i instead of i++.
If you 're not modelling the atmosphere , the difference between ++i and i++ is negligible .
Moreover , it seems many compilers interpret ++i and i++ to be the same ( but will distinguish the cases in which incrementing before or after matters ) .
The same holds for i+=1 , i=i+1 , etc.
So is there a difference between ++i and i++?
No .
At least , not in a way that would matter for 95 % of problems - and even then , it comes down to your compiler .
And why am I writing this ?
To exemplify the pure fact of how much inner fighting there is .
Before , we were unified when we had to face the jocks , and the greasers .
Granted , if one of those jocks or greasers accepted us , we 'd ditch the lot of geeks in a heart beat - but now that people think we 've inherited the earth , we 're fighting amongst each other about who really deserves it .
Who is the true geek .
And for what ?
Can we not all get along ?
Must we turn on each other ?
Can we not just rejoice that we have finally turned the tables , and focus on keeping the table from turning once more ?
If someone said to John Lennon : " Why should I give Peace a chance ?
What 's so great about Peace ? " would Lennon have said " Ugh , you wo n't get it ?
" I'm a Mac , I 'm a PC ...
Can we not just say I 'm a computer !
But as shareholders , we have thoughts on aspects of banking that seem beyond the scope of Messrs .
Paulson and Bernanke .
Call them small - bore issues .
But they affect ordinary people every day .
Let ’s start with something really easy .
Is it too much to ask that all banks have pens that work on the counters with the deposit and withdrawal slips ?
In too many places , the pens are useless .
How can people feel confident that their money is being managed wisely if those in charge can’t even provide a functioning pen ?
As shareholders , we were going to suggest that the top executives of the banks forgo end - of - year bonuses , but Andrew M. Cuomo , New York ’s attorney general , was ahead of us .
He sent a letter on Wednesday to nine big financial institutions asking for information about their plans in this regard .
It does n’t guarantee that mega - bonuses are finished .
But , really , why should we give a dime to executives who had to come to us hat in hand ?
Better to give an extra buck or two to the guy in the subway with an outstretched plastic cup .
How about a moratorium on new bank branches in New York neighborhoods ?
The tanking economy will probably take care of that anyway .
But an ironclad agreement by the banks to halt further expansion would delight New Yorkers .
Many are infuriated as they watch cherished local stores die and give way to impersonal bank outlets , often located within yards of one another .
Enough is enough .
Why not forbid any bank receiving taxpayer money to purchase naming rights to sports stadiums and arenas ?
Citigroup is handing the Mets something like $ 20 million a year to call their new stadium Citi Field .
Surely , the Mets do not need Citigroup ’s money  not to mention yours  to keep failing to make the playoffs .
OSLO , Oct 16 ( Reuters ) - The Norwegian police economic crimes unit said it had charged Microsoft - owned search technology firm Fast Search & Transfer with accounting fraud on Thursday .
“ We are raiding Fast ’s offices now to secure evidence , ” police attorney Baard Thorsen said .
“ The charge is for accounting fraud . ”
Fast was acquired by Microsoft MSFT.O for $ 1.2 billion in February .
“ The charge regards accounts from before Microsoft came in , ” Thorsen said .
“ We think Fast recognised revenues that there is no basis for . ”
Fast was not immediately available for comment .
Norway ’s financial watchdog said in May it had reported possible violation of accounting rules by Fast to the economic crimes unit .
In June the watchdog said it would also probe the auditor of Fast , Deloitte & Touche DLTE.UL , for suspected irregularities in the computer group 's accounts .
Fast is the world 's second largest provider of enterprise search software that allows companies to comb internal corporate documents , data and other information , a market also targeted by Google GOOG.O .
Before Microsoft ’s buyout , Fast stock had tumbled after the company said in mid 2007 it would no longer recognise revenues from memorandums of understanding , and instead book revenue only from final deals .
The police and Norwegian Ministry of Justice are among Fast ’s customers in Norway .
( Editing by Elaine Hardcastle )
(( richard.solem@reuters.com ; +47 22 93 69 77 ; rm://richard solem.reuters.com@reuters.no ) )
Keywords : MICROSOFT / FAST
The bigger picture reinforces this story .
In the heaviest half of the 50 states , polls in 68 per cent show support for McCain .
Of the lightest half of the states , plus the District of Columbia , 84 per cent are for Obama .
There are many confounding factors here imposed on traditional voting patterns - a link between poverty and obesity , that the conservative states of the South traditionally enjoy fried foods , and the influence of the healthier cuisines of Asia and the Mediterranean on the east and west coasts .
Using the percentage of their populations that is obese and overweight as an indicator , the slimmer Colorado , Florida , Nevada and Virginia - where the race is now considered too close to call - should deliver 54 electoral college votes to Obama .
Even if McCain wins all those toss - up states that are more obese and overweight - that is , Indiana , Missouri , North Carolina and Ohio - that would give him only 57 additional electoral college votes .
Thus , the weightometre has Obama winning the presidential race by a margin of at least 318 electoral college votes to 220 .
Behind the numbers used to make this lightweight prediction lies the real story for the future of the US , and what the next president will do to tackle this serious health problem .
It is shocking to consider that in Mississippi , the " biggest " state in the nation , 32.6 per cent of people are obese , and if you add in those who are overweight , the figure is 68.1 per cent .
Ten per cent of the population has diabetes and 33 per cent has high blood pressure .
Even in Colorado , the state with the lowest obesity rate in the nation , more than half the population is either obese or overweight .
The figures are getting worse , not better .
Spending on health care in the US , already the highest per person in the world , is predicted to double by 2016 from the current figure of over $ US2 trillion ( $ 3 trillion ) every year to $ US4.1 trillion , or 20 per cent of gross domestic product .
A study in 2004 found that 27 per cent of the increase in health - care spending between 1987 and 2001 was related to the rise in obesity rates .
The US Department of Health estimates obese and overweight adults cost the nation between $ US69 billion and $ US117 billion a year .
The government - funded Medicaid and Medicare programs finance about half of the fat - related costs .
In Australia we are at risk of outweighing the US on the obesity scales .
Over 60 per cent of adults , and one in four children , are either overweight or obese , and it is estimated the total cost of obesity to Australian society and governments this year is $ 58 billion .
A report published last week by the National Preventative Health Taskforce calls for urgent action to tackle obesity , which it describes as " one of the greatest public health challenges " facing Australia .
The world economic crisis means a drive by governments and industry to cut the budget fat is under way .
There are substantial savings to be made , and economic and avoirdupois burdens to be lifted , by tackling the obesity crisis .
Dr Lesley Russell is the Menzies Foundation Fellow at the Menzies Centre for Health Policy , University of Sydney / Australian National University and a research associate at the US Studies Centre .
Homer Simpson tries to vote for Obama in the '08 election ...
Wachovia 's likely swan song : a loss of $ 24 billion Wachovia 's swan song : loss of $ 24 billion
Wachovia took an $ 18.8 billion write - down to reflect the company 's lower market valuation .
Wachovia took an $ 18.8 billion write - down to reflect the company 's lower market valuation .
Photo : Chris Hondros , Getty Images Photo : Chris Hondros , Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Wachovia 's likely swan song : a loss of $ 24 billion 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The loss compared with a profit of $ 1.62 billion , or 85 cents per share , in the third quarter of last year , when banks were first hit by a then - developing credit crunch .
Excluding the goodwill write - down and other charges , Wachovia lost $ 4.76 billion , or $ 2.23 per share , in the period .
Mortgage woes also continued to devour Wachovia ’s earnings .
The Charlotte - based bank set aside $ 6.6 billion to cover loan losses during the quarter — about two - thirds for Pick - A - Payment mortgage loans inherited in the bank ’s 2006 Golden West Financial Corp. acquisition .
The bank now expects cumulative losses in the $ 118.7 billion Pick - A - Pay portfolio of 22 percent , up from an estimate in July of 12 percent , as home values continue to fall in markets such as California and Florida .
The report is the third straight trip into the red for Wachovia .
Wachovia said its core businesses such as retail banking continued to generate more loans and deposits .
Total revenue fell to $ 5.7 billion from $ 7.5 billion a year ago .
Revenue in the general bank increased 8 percent from last year to $ 4.8 billion .
“ In these unprecedented times , my colleagues have demonstrated that Wachovia always puts the interests of our customers and clients first , ” chief executive Bob Steel said in a statement .
“ Although this has been a challenging quarter , Wachovia ’s underlying businesses remain solid and our franchise exceptionally attractive .
We look forward to the opportunities that lie ahead as we join forces with Wells Fargo . ”
Wells Fargo of San Francisco is buying Wachovia in a deal initially worth $ 15 billion after Wachovia slipped to the verge of collapse twice during the quarter .
Wells ’ deal prevailed after New York - based Citigroup backed off an earlier offer to buy most of Wachovia ’s operations .
“ Wachovia ’s third - quarter results were very much in line with our expectations , ” Wells Fargo ’s CEO John Stumpf said in a statement .
“ We ’re more encouraged than ever by what we ’ve seen in their franchise , and we ’re pleased that Wachovia ’s team continues to focus on serving customers . ”
If someone is charged up , the color of their face might change , but they do n't immediately pull off one of their arms , only to reattach it as a third leg .
With some molecules , however , the situation is quite different - for example , in a gold cluster with seven atoms .
In a charged state , the atoms arrange themselves differently than when they are uncharged .
This was discovered by scientists at the Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society in Berlin , the Steacie Institute for Molecular Sciences in Canada and by scientists working with the FELIX free electron laser at the FOM Institute in Rijnhuizen in the Netherlands .
The researchers ingeniously combined an infrared spectrometer and a mass spectrometer to show the structures of uncharged gold nano particles for the first time .
These particles are currently being considered as catalysts that support certain chemical reactions .
( Science , August 1 , 2008 )
Chemically inert and expensive - these characteristics have dampened chemists ' enthusiasm for gold - at least since the era of alchemy came to an end .
However in recent years interest in the element has been rekindled .
" It is possible that nano particles of precious metals are suitable candidates for catalysts in important reactions in the chemical industry , " says André Fielicke , who headed up the work carried out by the Berlin - based researchers .
This is because these tiny gold particles are very selective about which reactions they assist in .
Whether the gold nano particles favour certain reactions depends very much on their structure .
Scientists at the Fritz Haber Institute in Berlin have now developed a method to determine the structure of neutral gold clusters .
Chemists have known for some time what some of these collections of up to a few dozen charged atoms look like .
However previously it was uncharged particles that would have attracted interest as catalysts - and they sometimes take on a quite different form from those of charged clusters with the same number of atoms .
The Berlin researchers examined clusters with 7 , 19 and 20 atoms .
In the uncharged clusters with 19 and 20 atoms they observed the same structures that are familiar from their negative counterparts : 20 gold atoms stacked into a tetrahedron , a pyramid with a triangular base .
With one atom fewer , the pyramid loses its tip .
" Seven uncharged gold atoms form a triangle with an additional vertex , " says André Fielicke .
In a positively charged cluster , on the other hand , seven atoms form a hexagon with one atom in its centre .
In uncharged form , there are three gold atoms positioned on each edge of the triangle .
On one edge , two atoms are bridged by another , which creates the extra vertex .
" Uncharged gold atoms probably prefer this structure as it is easier for the electrons to avoid each other , " says Fielicke .
In order to scan the structure of the uncharged nano particles , the scientists in Berlin had to solve several problems at once .
" The clusters are rather unstable ; you can't just buy them as a powder , " explains Philipp Gruene , who carried out a large portion of the experiment .
Therefore , the scientists had to create the gold clusters in the same apparatus in which they determine the particle structure .
To this end , they use a laser to vaporize small quantities of the precious metal from a gold bar that creates gold clusters in different shapes and sizes .
In this confusion of particles , it is not possible to discern any particular structures , which poses the next problem .
Normally , chemists separate a mixture of particles like this in a mass spectrometer .
This device first ionizes the particles , which means it provides them with an electrical charge .
Then it separates them according to their mass in an electrical field , as the field accelerates lighter particles faster then heavier ones - when they both carry the same charge .
If there is a large quantity of one kind of particle , its structure can be resolved in an infrared spectrometer .
In such an apparatus , infrared light makes the particles vibrate in different ways depending on their wave length , that is , the colour of the light .
Many particles can be identified on the basis of the different vibrations they are able to generate .
This is because the options for vibration are a factor of the molecule 's shape .
For example , a ring - shaped molecule pulses quite differently than a molecule with a long shape , even if it contains the same atoms .
The vibration in question is revealed by the wavelength that registers on the scale of the infrared spectrometer .
Since the scientists in Berlin want to observe the structures of uncharged particles and can only produce very few of them , this procedure is excluded .
Nevertheless , they use both methods , but combine them in a very ingenious way .
Before they separate out the confusion of particles , they fire a very intense infrared laser with a certain wavelength at the mix .
The laser light is so intense that it brutally separates the clusters .
The intense light makes some of the particles vibrate so violently that they burst .
After selection with the infrared laser , the researchers send the mix of the particles that remain through a mass spectrometer .
The particles that have been excited and destroyed by the infrared light of a certain wavelength leave hardly any traces in the mass spectrum .
The scientists use a control experiment to establish that there is something missing from a certain point in the mass spectrum : they also separate a mix of gold clusters in the mass spectrometer , which they previously have not subjected to special treatment with the intensive infrared laser .
Conducting an experiment like this with a laser beam that has a single wave length is not very productive .
Only a full vibration spectrum reveals the structure of a particle .
" This means we have to repeat the experiment with around 200 different wavelengths of the infrared laser , " says André Fielicke .
That creates the next problem for the scientists : only a free electron laser delivers laser light that is sufficiently intense over most of the spectrum to make the clusters burst .
The Berlin - based researchers therefore resolved the structure of the gold clusters on the Free Electron Laser for Infrared eXperiments - Felix - in Nieuwegein in the Netherlands .
They reconstructed the vibration spectrum for certain clusters from the mass spectrometer readings at different wave lengths of the infrared laser , allowing them to see their structures .
With their investigations , the scientists in Berlin are helping in the search for a catalyst for epoxidization - a technically important reaction in which chemists attach hydrocarbon molecules to an oxygen atom .
This is often the first step towards creating more complex molecules .
Whether the end result yields the desired product depends on where the oxygen atom attaches itself to the hydrocarbon .
And that 's where the gold clusters come in - they could act as pilots .
Source : Max - Planck - Gesellschaft
Giza in the Nanoworld : Gold particles were arranged on virtual desert sand .
7 gold atoms form a triangle of 6 atoms with one additional gold atom attached .
The cluster of 20 atoms are piled together to form a pyramid with four equivalent corners and faces ; a tetrahedron .
The cluster , with one atom less , can be constructed by cutting a corner atom off the tetrahedron .
( Photo Credit : Image : Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society )
Sheet Music ?
#1-49 #50-99 # 100-149 #150-199 #200-249 #250-299 #300-349 #350-399 #400-449 #450-499 #500-549 #550-599 #600-649 #650-699 #700-749 #750-799 #800-849 #850-899 #900-949 #950-999 # 1,000 -1,049 # 1,050-1,099 # 1,100 - 1,149 # 1,150-1,199 # 1,200-1,249 #1,250-1,299 #1,300-1,349 # 1,350-1,399 # 1,400-1,449 #1,450-1,499 # 1,500-1,549 #1,550-1,599 #1,600-1,649 #1,650-1,699 # 1,700 -1,749 # 1,750-1,799 # 1,800 -1,849 # 1,850-1,899 # 1,900 -1,949 # 1,950-1,999 #2,000-2,049 #2,050-2,099 #2,100-2,149 #2,150-2,199 #2,200-2,249 #2,250-2,299 #2,300-2,349 #2,350-2,399 #2,400-2,449 #2,450-2,499 #2,500-2,549 #2,550-2,599 #2,600-2,649 #2,650-2,699 #2,700-2,749 #2,750-2,799 #2,800-2,849 #2,850-2,899 #2,900-2,949 #2,950-2,999 #3,000-3,049 #3,050-3,099 # 3,100-3,149 #3,150-3,199 #3,200-3,249 #3,250-3,299 #3,300-3,349 #3,350-3,399 #3,400-3,449 #3,450-3,499 #3,500-3,549 #3,550-3,599 #3,600-3,649 #3,650-3,699 #3,700-3,749 #3,750-3,799 Next
Some of the imagery in the sheet music cover collection may contain racist stereotyping .
It 's presented here as historical artefact .
That teasin ' rag
via | buy on eBay
Good - bye Broadway , hello France
via | buy on eBay
Just take a trip out to Lakeside
via | buy on eBay
Jim Crow rag
via | buy on eBay
Possum and taters
via | buy on eBay
California , gladsome land
via | buy on eBay
The Allen glide
via | buy on eBay
In California
via | buy on eBay
Watermelon club
via | buy on eBay
The cubanola glide
via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 160 via | buy on eBay
Alfalfa rag
via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 162 via | buy on eBay
There 's a girl in Arizona
via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 164 via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 165 via | buy on eBay
California as it is
via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 167 via | buy on eBay
He 's a rag picker
via | buy on eBay
Can she rag !
via | buy on eBay
Checkers
via | buy on eBay
He 's coming home on the 8 o'clock train
via | buy on eBay
Falconer 's song
via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 173 via | buy on eBay
Joy rag
via | buy on eBay
Hear that orchestra rag
via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 176 via | buy on eBay
Temptation rag
via | buy on eBay
The burglar rag
via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 179 via | buy on eBay
The latch string is always hanging out for you
via | buy on eBay
Everybody has a whistle like me
via | buy on eBay
12th .
Street rag
via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 183 via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 184 via | buy on eBay
Flippity flop
via | buy on eBay
Home sweet home sounds good to me
via | buy on eBay
Chow - chow rag
via | buy on eBay
Chic - ka-saw
via | buy on eBay
Sheet Music # 189 via | buy on eBay
Whistling rag
via | buy on eBay
Red pepper
via | buy on eBay
By the Susquehanna shore
via | buy on eBay
The beautiful city
via | buy on eBay
Come on and rag with me
via | buy on eBay
The aviator rag
via | buy on eBay
Our Colorado
via | buy on eBay
Over the loop to Mt. McClellan
via | buy on eBay
Good - bye Mister Caruso
via | buy on eBay
The entertainer 's rag
via | buy on eBay
#1-49 #50-99 # 100-149 #150-199 #200-249 #250-299 #300-349 #350-399 #400-449 #450-499 #500-549 #550-599 #600-649 #650-699 #700-749 #750-799 #800-849 #850-899 #900-949 #950-999 # 1,000 -1,049 # 1,050-1,099 # 1,100 - 1,149 # 1,150-1,199 # 1,200-1,249 #1,250-1,299 #1,300-1,349 # 1,350-1,399 # 1,400-1,449 #1,450-1,499 # 1,500-1,549 #1,550-1,599 #1,600-1,649 #1,650-1,699 # 1,700 -1,749 # 1,750-1,799 # 1,800 -1,849 # 1,850-1,899 # 1,900 -1,949 # 1,950-1,999 #2,000-2,049 #2,050-2,099 #2,100-2,149 #2,150-2,199 #2,200-2,249 #2,250-2,299 #2,300-2,349 #2,350-2,399 #2,400-2,449 #2,450-2,499 #2,500-2,549 #2,550-2,599 #2,600-2,649 #2,650-2,699 #2,700-2,749 #2,750-2,799 #2,800-2,849 #2,850-2,899 #2,900-2,949 #2,950-2,999 #3,000-3,049 #3,050-3,099 # 3,100-3,149 #3,150-3,199 #3,200-3,249 #3,250-3,299 #3,300-3,349 #3,350-3,399 #3,400-3,449 #3,450-3,499 #3,500-3,549 #3,550-3,599 #3,600-3,649 #3,650-3,699 #3,700-3,749 #3,750-3,799 Next
>>
See more covers ...
If this is the death of Wall Street as we know it , the tombstone will read : killed by complexity .
Derivatives in their baffling modern forms – collateralised debt obligations , credit default swaps and so on – lie at the heart of the failure of Lehman , Bear Stearns , Fannie and Freddie , and even our own Northern Rock .
The philosophy that underpins the growth of derivatives is the idea that risk can be transferred to institutions more able to take the strain .
In theory , it 's a terrific scheme – the weak can get rid of risks they can't handle , and the financial system should be stronger as a result .
The practice is very different , as Warren Buffett worked out years ago .
His 2002 letter to his Berkshire Hathaway shareholders made headlines by condemning derivatives as " financial weapons of mass destruction " .
The passage comprised only a couple of pages of the lengthy letter but read it again today - it is the best guide to understanding how Wall Street has arrived at today 's mess .
Here is Buffett on General Re Securities , a derivatives dealer that Berkshire inherited with its purchase of insurer General Re . " At year - end ( after ten months of winding down its operation ) it had 14,384 contracts outstanding , involving 672 counterparties around the world .
Each contract has a plus or minus value derived from one or more reference items , including some of mind - boggling complexity .
Valuing a portfolio like that , expert auditors could easily and honestly have widely varying opinions . "
Now consider Lehman Brothers balance sheet .
On page 62 of last year 's accounts , under the heading " off balance sheet arrangements " you will find a staggering figure .
Lehman had derivative contracts with a face value of $ 738bn .
The notes , fairly , make the point that the fair value is smaller than the notional amount – Lehman believed the figure was $ 36.8 bn .
Even so , " mind - boggling complexity " perfectly describes Lehman 's business
How can you hope to sell such a business over a weekend ?
You can't , unless the state is willing to underwrite the risk .
This time , the US Treasury , said " no " .
Quite right , too : the US taxpayers are on the hook for too much already .
Complexity breeds other faults , as Buffett described .
Derivatives , because they are so hard to value , make it easier for traders and chief executives to inflate earnings .
They exacerbate problems if a company , for unrelated reasons , suffers a credit downgrade that requires it to post collateral with counterparties – " a spiral that can lead to a corporate meltdown , " he wrote .
They create a " daisy chain " of risk as the troubles of one company infect another .
Buffett made a gloomy prediction half a decade ago .
" The derivatives genie is now well out of the bottle , and these instruments will almost certainly multiply in variety and number until some event makes their toxicity clear , " he said .
" Central banks and governments have so far found no effective way to control , or even monitor , the risks posed by these contracts . "
That event has duly arrived .
Lehman Brothers has declared bankruptcy .
Merrill Lynch has rushed into the arms of Bank of America .
AIG , once the US 's largest insurer , is pleading with the Fed for funds .
Unwinding a big derivatives book is no easy task - like Hell , derivatives are easy to enter and impossible to exit , said Buffett .
That 's why the failure of a firm the size of Lehman presents such a risk to the financial system – we do n't know how many other firms will be brought down as the body is extracted from the financial web .
In the long run , though , financial regulators must now know what must happen : it 's time for them to bring down the curtain on the era of opaque financial derivatives .
MediaDefender is widely known for their anti-piracy operations , spoofing and decoying on file - sharing networks for the entertainment industry .
The company is doing more than that though , as we recently found out that adult affiliate programs were a significant source of income for them too .
When we posted an article on the Miivi project , Mediadefender CEO Randy Saaf wrote to his colleagues : “ This is really fucked . ”
His response became public after thousands of internal emails from the company leaked on BitTorrent last year .
The emails exposed some of the innermost secrets of the anti-piracy outfit , and now another one is about to be revealed .
One of the things we ’ve learned already is that polluting file - sharing networks is a profitable business .
MediaDefender received $ 4,000 to protect a music album and $ 2,000 for a single track .
Movies were even more expensive , as they got $ 3.6 million from a large studio to protect just 4 movies .
The money they got from the entertainment industry must not have been enough though .
We recently discovered that Mediadefender had ( or has ) some interesting side projects – selling access to adult sites .
It makes sense .
What better way to make cash on the Internet than from porn , especially if you have the knowledge and equipment to spam file - sharing networks with files that redirect people to your site .
From the leaked internal emails we ’ve now learned something that was n’t covered before .
MediaDefender was spamming Limewire and other file - sharing networks with thousands of porn related files , trying to convert P2P users into paying porn subscribers .
Here ’s a quote from one of the emails MediaDefender ’s Ben Grodsky sent to some of his colleagues :
One of the theories I ’ve had about why the LimeWire redirects sell so many porn subscriptions is because one basically can’t get porn on old versions of LimeWire because our popups and spoofs overwhelm the user .
In the same email , Adult Friend Finder was mentioned as one of the affiliate programs they were working with , and probably made a lot of cash from .
This is confirmed by another email , where they discuss the conversion rates :
Adult Friend Finder converts 1 in 2000 on LimeWire .
If we want more users , Dylan ’s eDonkey messages would get us a lot of Europeans that are a little bit older crowd … .
MediaDefender also used LimeWire to promote their infamous Miivi project .
In one of the emails they discuss how they can drive more traffic to Miivi , and redirect Limewire users to searches on Miivi :
Paris Hilton and Pamela Anderson ARE in the system .
Some of these are on the PM2 Data Collection owner sending traffic to our porn site .
Any ones sending traffic to our porn site ( www.enterallsites.com), you can switch over to the MiiVi links that Colin indicated below .
What ’s interesting about this last email is that they do n’t only use Adult Friend Finder , but they have their very own porn site , enterallsites.com .
Other emails show that this site was advertised by MediaDefender on Limewire and eDonkey too .
It looks like porn was big business for MediaDefender , and we ’re curious whether their stock holders are aware of this , since it is never mentioned in any of their financial reports .
Thus far , the adult revenue stream has never been mentioned .
Nevertheless , traffic reports from Alexa and Compete show that the active advertising stopped directly after the emails leaked September last year .
We assume that MediaDefender stopped advertising their porn projects on LimeWire and other file - sharing networks after the emails leaked , in an attempt to avoid more bad press .
They did the same with their Miivi advertising after that project was uncovered .
Nevertheless , even without the porn connection being out in the open , their stock price dropped to less than $ 0.01 .
It is worth mentioning that while MediaDefender was selling pron subscriptions to thousands of file - sharers , they were also working with the New York Attorney General to track down child porn downloaders .
Nothing wrong with that of course , but we raised our eyebrows when one of MediaDefender ’s employees found a suspicious file on The Pirate Bay , and said : “ I ’m trying to download it now from a dedicated server , but it is n’t finding any peers . ”
Today , more than a year after the MediaDefender email leak , enterallsites.com is still up and running .
Several other adult domains also owned by the company are still redirected to the site as well .
With Piracy and Porn , it must be a great working for MediaDefender .
Obama denies Raines ties , accuses McCain of throwing stones from his " seven glass houses "
The campaign puts out a statement from former Fannie Mae chief Franklin Raines , disowning ties to Obama , after a McCain ad attacked him for the ties .
The Washington Post reported -- with the kind of blind sourcing that suggests the source was Raines -- that Raines had " taken calls from Barack Obama 's presidential campaign seeking his advice on mortgage and housing policy matters . "
Raines said in the statement through the campaign , " I am not an advisor to Barack Obama , nor have I provided his campaign with advice on housing or economic matters . "
Obama spokesman Bill Burton added an attack :
This is another flat - out lie from a dishonorable campaign that is increasingly incapable of telling the truth .
Frank Raines has never advised Senator Obama about anything -- ever .
And by the way , someone whose campaign manager and top advisor worked and lobbied for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac should n't be throwing stones from his seven glass houses .
UPDATE : McCain spokesman Brian Rogers notes that Obama did n't contradict the claim when it first appeared in the Post .
Image via Wikipedia
In the last few days I ’ve been absolutely stunned to learn of the current insidious events going on in the USA .
While the spotlight is grabbed by the huge financial disaster caused by the known shortfailings of Capitalism and greed , the US Government is slowly putting the pawns into position to initiate martial law and eventually a police state .
And what is the reaction in mainstream blogs and news sites ?
Basically nothing .
Everyone is just pointing and laughing at Palin bumbling around or gnashing the teeth and pointing fingers for the bailout or simply doing business as usual .
And in the meantime you ’re got the Army deplying in US grounds to “ quell civil unrest and unruly individuals ” .
You ’ve got your own US Army .
In your own country .
Answering only to your “ Decider ” .
Getting ready to Quell you !
You should be marching in the streets right gawddamn now and asking for Bush ’s head on a plate .
Where ’s your anger ?
Where ’s your freedom spirit ?
Where ’s your outrage ?!
You have none .
You keep on going as if the world is not crumbling slowly around your ears .
People do n’t even care to ask “ Why is the army in our borders ?
What Civil unrest are they talking about ?
Is there something that our police force cannot handle ? ”
No .
You just accept that they must know what they ’re talking about .
There must be some unrest where you need the army .
You know which ?
The unrest that ’s going to happen when the final piece of their dictatorship falls into place .
But it ’s too fucking late for you now .
If you people are still so asleep that even after you have standing army taking up positions you still do n’t act , it is with great sadness that I conclude there is no hope .
If you ’re one of the few who are worried , or more appropriately , scared shitless about what is going on and you ca n’t mobilize everyone to go on the street , then get the hell outa dodge .
You can come to Europe and at least help us fight the creeping islamization .
One thing you must know .
Nothing is going to happen when you rant and rave on reddit , alternet or any other site .
They want you to do that because then you ’re not doing anything else .
Unless you take very immediate and drastic action to chimpeach then you wo n’t have the chance to peacefully avoid this .
If they do n’t cancel the elections while declaring martial law because of a “ National Emergency ” , they will steal the elections for McSame .
They ’ve done it before so they know if works because , hey , you just let it pass then anyway …
So , Dear U.S. Americans , you have now you last chance to put your freedom where your mouth is .
I do n’t think you will but I sure as hell hope you prove me wrong , for your own good .
Related articles by Zemanta
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
SkyFuel Unveils World 's Lowest Cost Utility - Scale Solar Power System
October 11th , 2008 by Timothy B. Hurst
New silvered - polymer film cuts cost of parabolic troughs by 35 %
[ social_buttons ]
A Colorado company has unveiled what they call the highest performance , lowest cost utility - scale solar power system of any kind for generating electricity .
The SkyTrough , by SkyFuel cuts the cost of its parabolic trough concentrator by 35 % compared to other commercially available systems , largely because of a mirrored polymer which replaces the heavy glass used in other solar parabolic trough collectors .
>> More on concentrating solar power at CleanTechnica
Developed in a research partnership with the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and the University of New Mexico , the SkyFuel ’s new design is 375 feet long , twenty feet tall , and features the largest parabolic trough modules ever built .
The trough has several critical innovations that improve performance and significantly reduce cost .
The most notable of these improvements is the use of a proprietary silvered - polymer film , which is a low - cost , highly reflective and shatterproof alternative to the expensive , heavy and fragile curved - glass mirrors .
In the SkyTrough , the proprietary ReflecTech Mirror Film is laminated to thin aluminum sheets to form light - weight , yet highly accurate mirror panels .
This allows for larger and fewer panel segments than in previous trough designs that still use curved glass .
The film cuts mirror costs by approximately 50 percent compared to the price of using glass .
The film is also easily manufactured at high volume thus eliminating one of the bottlenecks that has slowed the deployment of other solar power systems .
In addition to being less expensive to manufacture , the light weight of the silvered - polymer film also cuts down significantly on transportation costs .
All ready - to - assemble components of the 375 - foot long trough will fit onto one flat bed truck , an important advantage with transportation fuel costs on the rise .
The company expects to have an installation of its SkyFuel system in the next year .
If all goes well with those 2 – 10 megawatt pilots , the company will scale - up with larger projects .
Image credits : 1&2 . Tim Hurst ; 3 . SkyFuel Inc .
MarketWatch
CNET
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Afghan locals say women and children were among civilians killed in an air attack by international forces in the country 's south .
Locals say that 25 civilians were killed in the attack in the Nad Ali district of Helmand province .
An Afghan villager Abdul Rahim says he helped to carry 16 bodies to the provincial capital Lashkar Gar to show the governor that they were civilian casualties .
The provincial police chief Assadullah Shirzad says he has seen some of the bodies .
NATO 's International Security Assistance Force says an air strike in the area is being investigated but cannot confirm any civilian casualties .
Civilian deaths continue to damage the efforts of international forces fighting the Taliban - led insurgency .
To celebrate this year 's Halloween , we want to see our readers ' most Wired pumpkins .
Just etch your favorite nerdy icon into your orange , gooey canvas and send us the photo .
For inspiration we 've compiled a gallery of the Star Wars themed jack - o'- lanterns .
Use the Reddit widget below to submit your best Wired pumpkin photo and vote for your favorite among the other submissions .
If we like your photo , we 'll include it in a gallery on Wired.com .
The photo must be your own , and by submitting it you are giving us permission to use it on Wired.com and in Wired magazine .
Please submit images that are relatively large , the ideal size being 800 to 1200 pixels or larger on the longest side .
Please include a description of your photo so that other readers know what they 're looking at .
We do n't host the photos , so you 'll have to upload it somewhere else and submit a link to it .
If you 're using Flickr , Picasa or another photo - sharing site to host your image , please provide a link to the image directly and not just to the photo page where it 's displayed .
Using an online photo service that requires that you log in will not work .
If your photo does n't show up , it 's because the URL you have entered is incorrect .
Check it and make sure it ends with the image file name ( XXXXXX.jpg ) .
Please bookmark this page , send it to your friends and check back periodically over the next two weeks to vote on new submissions !
This is the face McCain makes when talking about the possibility of Palin becoming president .
Now watch this quick 20 second clip .
McCain seems comfortable saying that Palin will make a good VP , but then he talks about her possibly becoming president , and he freezes mid-sentence .
Watch it .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=623u3otwK78]
Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer Kissing Again
Do n't shoot the messenger please .... we are just telling you what we have heard .
Singerand actressmay be heating things up again .
The National Enquirer has confirmed that the old love birds flew into Los Angeles " together " yesterday .
Word is that they first hooked up in Manhattan and must have had a good enough time to head back to L.A. together on the same plane .
A source told the magazine : " They were very lovey - dovey .
They kissed several times and hugged each other tightly . "
Who knows what will come of this ?
We just want Jennifer to be happy !
Is that too much to ask ?
King or Queen blogger Perez Hilton said that the two will be over before you can say Vince Vaughn three times .
He 's probably right .
If you have forgotten how great the two looked together - check out these photos of the pair hanging out at the beach .
Also , we have some stunning photos of Aniston .
A reader writes :
In reaction to Rich Lowry , I 'm sure I 'm not the only woman who , upon reading his words , sat up a little straighter and said , " Is he kidding ?
Is he goddamn kidding me ? "
Is this the kind of reaction the women in this country should want men to have to the possible first female Vice Presidential candidate in history ?
Holy hell .
I thought Palin 's performance at the debate was downright embarrassing and on top of that I have to read this clown 's blog , stating more or less that Palin gave him an erection ?
Little starbursts my ass .
Here 's what I thought when Palin " dropped " that first wink at us : " Did she just wink at us like she was America 's cocktail waitress ? "
Rich Lowry is on the verge of slapping Sarah Palin on the ass and asking her for another of those fantastic whiskey sours .
I said in this morning ’s Clearing the Browser Tabs post that Paul Ryan ’s “ Pay to Prosperity ” budget plan ( PDF link ) was a humdinger and I was n’t wrong .
I do n’t think it ’s an exaggeration to say that it ’s the boldest plan we ’ve seen since the 1980s and certainly the most comprehensive in my lifetime .
I ’m not just blowing smoke here .
Ryan ’s plan not only tackles the debt problem ( albeit not as quickly as it could ) , but also tries to fix Medicare and our very real economic growth problem , and it pushes Congress and the President to the table to fix Social Security .
It is a real document that looks at real problems in a responsible and grown - up fashion .
That means , of course , that the Democrats can not let it pass .
Nancy Pelosi could barely wait until the end of Ryan ’s press conference before she hit Twitter with the same old hoary talking points about Republican cruelty to children and old people .
Jennifer Rubin has done us the favor of debunking the ten most witless arguments you ’ll likely hear against the plan ( Pelosi ’s talking points fit nicely into Numbers 2 and 9 ) .
Smitty also outlines a set of reasons why we can’t truly solve the debt problem unless we tackle the two major entitlement programs now .
I have a lot more to say about Ryan ’s plan , including why it should only be the beginning of the spending cuts , but you ’ll have to listen to The Delivery tonight ( or grab the podcast when it comes out either Wednesday or Thursday ) to hear them all .
I ’ll give you a little bit now .
It ’s important that we start thinking of our spending in relation to how much we take in , which is a fairly predictable amount of how much the country produces each year ( a little over 19 percent of GDP ) .
If we shift our frame of thinking from dollars to percentages , we can put a real dent in the debt far sooner than even Ryan believes we can by taking spending below that 19 percent figure .
Ryan ’s plan takes spending to 20 percent of GDP for about a decade , then down to 15 percent .
That ’s certainly better than the Obama administration ’s 23 percent or the recent debt commission ’s 21 percent ( PDF link ) , but it ’s still a little bit too high because with current revenues well below 19 percent , it means we ’ll still have to run deficits for a few more years .
I do n’t think we need to move that slowly .
This post at Ace ’s place puts some more numbers to the idea and I ’ll add a few of my own , including how steady that 19 percent really is , so be sure to listen !
UPDATE :
There is something very important I forgot to mention about Ryan ’s plan :
It does n’t actually cut spending .
It does slow the rate of increase dramatically ( and you see that in the places where the plan compares itself to the President ’s budget ) but , so far as I can see , it does n’t require we spend less in any year than we did the year before .
At best , it holds spending at a steady rate .
Keep that in mind when Democrats talk about “ extreme ” spending cuts or old people eating dog food .
Tags : Big Government , Economics , Paul Ryan
What is ancient philosophy ?
Pierre Hadot makes very clear what he thinks it is not : it is not the deposit of philosophical concepts , theories and systems to be found in the surviving texts of Graeco - Roman antiquity , the subject matter of courses of study in the curricula of modern universities .
This subject matter indeed does constitute the “ philosophical discourse ” of the ancient philosophers .
But that discourse is itself merely the expression of what Hadot takes to be the essence of ancient philosophy which , in his view , is . way of life .
In the author ’s own words , “ Philosophical discourse … originates in a choice of life and an existential option — not vice - versa … .
This existential option , in turn , implies a certain vision of the world , and the task of philosophical discourse will therefore be to reveal and rationally to justify this existential option , as well as this representation of the world ” ( p. 3 ) .
Moreover , philosophy both as a way of life and as its justifying discourse is not the attainment and deployment of wisdom , but “ merely a preparatory exercise for wisdom ” which “ tend [s ] toward wisdom without ever achieving it ” ( p. 4 ) .
It is the primary purpose of this book to establish these claims for ancient philosophy as a whole by demonstrating it to be true of each of its major parts .
The book is divided into three parts .
The four chapters that constitute its first part ( entitled “ The Platonic Definition of ’ Philosopher ’ and its Antecedents ” ) attempt to make the case for the author ’s thesis by way of a survey of pre-Platonic philosophy .
From its inception in Homer , the idea of sophia ( wisdom ) denoted practical skill , a “ knowing how , ” and thus when the notion of philosophia makes its appearance in the fifth century BCE , it initially denotes an interest in the practice of various such skills .
It is the figure of Socrates , as “ mythically ” represented in Plato ’s dialogues , who transforms the notion of sophia and hence that of philosophia .
For Socrates the practice of philosophy presupposes and is motivated by one ’s awareness that one is not wise , that one is lacking in something one vitally desires to possess or , more accurately , to be .
True wisdom is the knowledge of one ’s true good .
What is that good ?
Hadot ’s answer : it is “ the will to do good , ” or “ the absolute value of moral intent ” ( pp. 32–36 ) .
The definition of love ( erôs ) in the Symposium situates the philosopher midway between the lack of wisdom and its possession : thus “ the philosopher will never attain wisdom , but he can make progress in its direction … .
Philosophy is not wisdom , but a way of life and discourse determined by the idea of wisdom ” ( p. 46 , italics in original ) .
Socrates is himself the very incarnation of philosophy thus understood .
In the second part ( “ Philosophy as a Way of Life ” ) Hadot surveys not just the philosophical discourse of Plato , Aristotle and the various post - Aristotelian schools and movements , but also — and particularly — the communities in which that discourse originated , the practices or “ spiritual exercises ” that were taught and practiced in these communities , and the “ spiritual ” goals these practices were intended to achieve .
What follows are some summary comments along with a few critical observations .
Plato and the Academy ( chapter 5 ) .
According to Hadot , Plato ’s goal in founding the Academy was the creation of “ an intellectual and spiritual community whose job it would be to train new human beings … ( p. 59 ) .
The program of training and research in the Academy from the various branches of mathematics to dialectic had primarily an ethical aim , which was to purify the mind and to “ learn to live in a philosophical way … to ensure … a good life and thereby the ’ salvation ’ of the soul ” ( p. 65 ) .
To achieve this aim various “ spiritual exercises ” mentioned in several Platonic dialogues including , notably , the practice of death in the Phaedo ( 64a ) and the ( practice of ? ) transcendence over all that is mundane described in the Theaetetus ( 173d –175e ) would have been instituted in the Academy .
All these exercises have as their aim the transformation of the self .
Hadot recognizes that Plato ’s explicit goal in founding the Academy was the transformation of the city , not self - transformation , but insists that for Plato these two coincide .
He assumes but fails to show , however , that Plato ’s lofty descriptions of the philosophical life formed the basis or goal of a regimen of spiritual exercises , regularly practiced by members of the Academy and intended to enable them to achieve a particular state of the soul .
And his account of the practice of dialectic within the Academy as a “ spiritual exercise which demanded that the interlocutors undergo … self - transformation ” ( p. 62 ) is hardly convincing .
Aristotle and His School ( chapter 6 ) .
Aristotle , according to Hadot ’s account , founded the Lyceum on the model of the Academy — at least with the same ethical goal in mind , if not the same intellectual practices .
Unlike Plato , however , Aristotle rejects the coincidence between political transformation and the transformation of the self .
The art of politics aims at creating the conditions required for self - transformation .
That transformation consists in attaining that super - human , god - like goal of theôria so eloquently embraced in Nicomachean Ethics Book X .
This life is the life of intellectual pursuits , and Aristotle ’s purpose in founding his school was to cultivate a community in which that ideal life was to be lived out to the fullest extent possible .
Given that the research programs Aristotle assigned to his students were in large part empirical investigations , how is such research connected with theôria , which is the contemplative understanding of divinity ?
Hadot makes the connection as follows : research into mundane things reveals , however indirectly , divine causality , and it is that presence of the divine that attracts us to study them .
Our minds , then , are drawn to a contemplation of the divine , and in that contemplation we realize our transformation .
It is notable , however , that in his study of Aristotle ’s Lyceum Hadot makes no mention of spiritual exercises — disciplines or practices engaged in for the sake of achieving self - transformation .
Perhaps he thinks that the various research projects conducted in the Lyceum were themselves such exercises .
If so , the concept of a “ spiritual exercise ” is stretched far too thin ; if not , then the absence of a regimen of such exercises from the intellectual / spiritual life of the Lyceum constitutes a significant exception to Hadot ’s main thesis .
The Hellenistic Schools ( chapter 7 ) .
Hadot ’s general thesis is most easily demonstrated in the cases of the various Hellenistic schools which arose in the late fourth century BCE .
The idea that Epicurus and Zeno ( respectively the founders of Epicureanism and Stoicism ) established their schools to create communities which pursued some shared way of life to attain a shared spiritual goal is not new , and Hadot demonstrates very effectively how the physical and epistemological theories of these schools were intended to support their spiritual goals .
This is true not only of the “ dogmatists ” ( Epicureans and Stoics as well as Platonists and Aristotelians , all of whom affirmed positive doctrines ) but also of their opponents , the “ skeptics , ” who recommended the suspension of belief as the proper path to their spiritual goal .
In addition , Hadot shows convincingly that these various spiritual goals , differently described in the different schools — for example , for the Epicureans it was a life of stable pleasure achieved by the limitations of one ’s appetites while for the Stoics it was a life of self - coherence , lived in conformity to Nature or Reason — all involved the goal of self - transformation .
Each school had its own set of spiritual exercises designed to lead its adherents to the achievement of its particular version of that goal .
Schools in the Imperial Period ( chapter 8 ) .
The development of philosophy in the age of the Roman Empire is characterized by two outstanding phenomena .
The first is a change in pedagogy .
Philosophy classes began to be devoted to the reading and exegesis of the texts by the school ’s founders , and instructors began in increasing measure to write commentaries on those texts to assist comprehension among their students .
The second is the eventual decline of Epicureanism and Stoicism and the ascendancy and development of Platonism ( synthesized with Aristotelianism in the Neoplatonism of Plotinus ) as the dominant philosophy of late antiquity .
As Hadot sketches the first of these developments , his focus is on the order in which the texts of the founders were taught to the students , as illustrative of the stages in their spiritual formation .
Thus students would first be required to master texts in which the subject matter was primarily ethical ( e.g. , Plato ’s Phaedo ) , to promote their souls ’ initial purification .
They would then progress to texts that were physical ( e.g. , the Timaeus ) that pointed to a transcendent cause of the world ’s order , to learn to transcend the physical world .
Finally , they would proceed to texts that were metaphysical or theological ( or “ epoptical , ” e.g. , the Parmenides or Philebus ) , to ascend to the contemplation of God or the Ultimate ( e.g. , the Good or the One ) .
This order is also the organizing principle of Plotinus ’ Enneads , as edited by Porphyry .
“ Each commentary was considered a spiritual exercise … because the reading of each philosophical text was supposed to produce a transformation in the person reading or listening to the commentary ” ( p. 155 ) .
In addition , “ professors did not merely teach , but played the role of genuine directors of conscience who cared for their students ’ spiritual problems ” ( p. 156 ) .
Neoplatonism , the second development , raised the spiritual aspirations of its adherents to new heights .
According to his biographer Porphyry , “ for Plotinus the goal and the end consisted of union with the supreme deity and the process of growing closer to him ” ( quoted on p. 160 ) , and Porphyry reports several instances of Plotinus achieving this unity in non-discursive , mystical unitive experiences .
The concluding chapter of the second part of the book ( chapter 9 : Philosophy and Philosophical Discourse ) — by far its longest — considers the evidence of the prior chapters thematically .
Hadot reexamines the relation between philosophy as a way of life and philosophical discourse , and the history and character of spiritual exercises in all the diverse traditions .
The common aim of these exercises was to achieve both a concentration of the self ( its separation from anything foreign to it and its separation from the past and the future through ongoing self - examination ) and an expansion of the self ( its “ dilation ” of itself to encompass the infinite totality of all that is ) .
Thus the study of physics is a spiritual exercise with a moral aim .
Philosophical dialogue exists for the sake of spiritual guidance .
And finally , the figure of the “ sage , ” the rarely attainable ideal of all philosophy , though prominent in Stoicism , is present in all the ancient schools .
The final part of the book ( “ Interruption and Continuity : The Middle Ages and Modern Times ” ) may be summarized more briefly .
Hadot credits the rise of Christianity with the decline of philosophy practiced as a way of life .
Christianity positioned itself as a “ philosophy ” ( in Hadot ’s sense ) with its own regimen of spiritual exercises and spiritual goals , and as this religion came to eclipse the various pagan philosophies , it usurped their spiritual function .
Eventually Christian interest in pagan philosophy was limited to its discourse , which was pressed into service as the “ handmaiden to theology , ” even as its spiritual practices were absorbed into , and substantially altered , Christian spirituality .
The prevailing modern view of limiting philosophy to philosophical discourse is rooted in this usurpation .
Despite several “ recurrences ” of the ancient concept of philosophy in post -Medieval times ( discernible , for example , in Montaigne and even in Descartes as well as in Kant ’s concept of “ cosmic philosophy ” ) the ancient ideal is now all but lost .
The book concludes with a more expansive discussion of what it means to live a philosophical life and a plea for a return to that ancient ideal ( p. 275 –281 ) .
Readers familiar with Hadot ’s Philosophy as a Way of Life : Spiritual Exercises from Socrates to Foucault ( Blackwell , 1995 ) will recognize in this work a reprise and elaboration of much of the argument of that earlier work .
It is difficult to deny that the author has successfully established his main claim .
Reservations are indeed due ( as noted earlier ) about his account of spiritual exercises in Plato ’s Academy and Aristotle ’s Lyceum .
Here the evidence is pressed into the Procrustean bed prescribed by the author ’s demonstrandum .
Given that the bulk of the surviving texts from antiquity come from the hands of Plato and Aristotle , and given the historical importance of these two philosophers , this amounts to a serious reservation .
One might also object to specific interpretive claims made by Hadot .
One is startled to read that for Socrates ( as depicted by Plato ) , the “ will to do good ” is of absolute value , and not the knowledge of the good .
Hadot ’s association of Socrates with Kant in this respect ( p. 36 ) is historically anachronistic and seriously misleading .
The author also assumes that for both Plato and Aristotle the state in which the soul apprehends its highest object is supra- discursive ( see pp. 75 and 76 , and p. 88 ) .
These assumptions are not supported by any evidence and seem to be derived from a widely shared tendency to read the mysticism of Plotinus back into the epistemologies of Plato and Aristotle .
Despite these caveats , it must be acknowledged that this very learned book is a tour de force , a welcome and much needed corrective to the prevailing view of ancient philosophy in our day .
A serious vulnerability has been found in yet another computerized control system that runs some of the world 's most critical infrastructure , this time in a product sold by a vendor known as the ABB Group .
According to researchers from C4 - a firm specializing in the security of so - called SCADA , or Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition , systems - ABB 's Process Communication Unit ( PCU ) 400 suffers from a critical buffer overflow bug .
" The vulnerability was exploited by C4 to verify it can be used for arbitrary code execution by an unauthorized attacker , " researcher Idan Ofrat wrote in this advisory published on Thursday .
" In addition , an attacker can use his control over the FEP server to insert a generic electric grid malware ... in order to cause harm to the grid . "
The vulnerable software controls critical national infrastructure , including electrical grids .
The vulnerability affects versions 4.4 , 4.5 , and 4.6 , and possibly others , the C4 advisory warns .
ABB has issued a patch for the bug .
The advisory comes as concern mounts about the safety of software used to run gasoline refineries , manufacturing plants and other industrial facilities .
In June , a now - patched vulnerability in CitectSCADA potentially exposed plants ' critical operations to outsiders or disgruntled employees .
Law makers on both sides of the Atlantic have warned that lax security may make critical infrastructure vulnerable to saboteurs or terrorists .
C4 is no stranger to security in SCADA systems .
In January , it warned of vulnerabilities in two products made by Ge Fanuc .
One of them resided in Ge Fanuc 's Cimplicity product , and the other affected the company 's Proficy Information Portal 2.6 .
Both appear to have have been patched . ®
What could be more fun that shooting defenseless woodland creatures ?
How about shooting them with a pretty pink Sarah Palin hunting bow ?!
Lakota Industries Inc. , an Ohio manufacturer , has introduced the " Sara - Cuda , " a $ 590 pink camouflage hunting bow inspired by the Alaska governor .
But it 's not just a tribute to everyone 's favorite mother / moose hunter / maverick .
According to the website , it 's for all the " women like Sarah Palin who bear the responsibility of family and work while strengthening the moral fiber of society . "
Ten percent of the proceeds will be donated to the National Association for Down Syndrome , and you can " strengthen the moral fiber of society " with the other 90 % of your purchase by shooting a caribou in the face . [ CBS ]
Advertisement
The latest report on the Yahoo - AOL deal is that Yahoo will buy AOL's ad network and content businesses for about $ 8 billion .
We suggested yesterday that this price was " expensive but not ridiculous " -- provided that Yahoo drastically cuts costs in the integration .
We stand by that assessment .
And now , we 're going to provide some M&A advice to Yahoo : Do n't do it .
" Expensive but not ridiculous " is not a good reason to do a deal when you do n't have to , Yahoo .
Time Warner needs this deal more than you do :
Believe it or not , their asset , AOL , is deteriorating even faster than you are .
So time is on your side .
Given that you are still growing , moreover , and AOL is not ( on the contrary ... ) , you should not pay any more for AOL than the market is paying for you .
In fact , given that AOL is no longer a cohesive company but just a big bag of quasi - related businesses , you should pay less .
So let 's review :
Right now , the market is paying about 3X revenue ( trailing ) for you .
If you buy AOL 's ad network and content businesses for $ 8 billion , you will be paying almost 4X ( trailing quarter annualized ) .
You should not therefore pay a dime more than 3X , which would be about $ 6 billion .
Second , please do n't buy AOL unless you 're serious about firing at least 4,000 people -- not just from AOL , from Yahoo .
As you know , when we performed your " getting Yahoo fit " analysis for you , we concluded that you needed to fire 3,000 people .
If you buy AOL , there will be a lot more redundancy to eliminate , so we think 4,000 is probably a fair number to aim for .
Jerry , we secretly suspect that you are far too nice a guy to fire 4,000 people .
Kara Swisher (? ) has suggested that you order AOL's Ron Grant to do the hatchet work for you , which is a fine idea .
But Ron would have to cut into Yahoo flesh , too , and we just do n't see you giving him the order to do that .
So the answer is : Do n't buy AOL , Jerry .
Do n't buy AOL unless Jeff Bewkes is willing to sell it to you for $ 6 billion and you can look yourself in the mirror and say , " I , Jerry Yang , will fire 4,000 people . "
Because if you can't do both of those things , this deal is going to be a disaster .
See Also :
Yahoo About To Overpay For AOL ?
Yahoo Fat Farm : How Many People Does Yahoo Have To Fire To Get Fit ?
Judge Nottingham and the escorts who pretended to love him ( NSFW ) Facebook
Twitter
More shares reddit email
Judge Nottingham and the escorts who pretended to love him ( NSFW ) Federal Judge Edward Nottingham resigned this week , after being linked to a $ 300 - an - hour escort service being investigated by the FBI .
So what sort of call girl does an H.W. Bush - appointed judge call on when he needs his gavel pounded ?
We took a cruise in the Wayback Machine , and unearthed the archives of the escort service 's web site .
( We 're benevolent like that ) .
So , without further ado , it 's time for a game of Which Hooker Did the Creepy Judge Creep Out ?
Up Next : Beta Nightclub , Thursday night , with DJ Sasha
An update from our sister site , Michigan Messenger , on their investigative series on a GOP voter disenfranchisement scheme .
Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) introduced legislation today to bar political parties from challenging the eligibility of voters whose homes have been foreclosed .
Kucinich , who ran losing presidential bids in 2004 and 2008 and faced a stiff primary challenge earlier this year , drafted the legislation following a report in the Michigan Messenger that a Macomb County Republican Party official said he planned to gather lists of foreclosed homeowners to challenge their eligibility .
The Obama campaign and the Democratic National Committee have since filed a lawsuit in federal court over the reported plans .
The tactic is a version of a practice known as “ caging , ” which allows political opponents to identify voters who might not meet the proper residency requirements .
Democrats and voting - rights activists argue that victims of foreclosure may still live in their homes , and that the tactic disproportionately affects poor and African - American voters .
Republicans argue that the practice preserves the integrity of the ballot .
Kucinich ’s bill is unlikely to get a hearing or consideration on the House floor , as Congress races to pass a $ 700 billion rescue package for Wall Street banks before recessing until after the election .
Stalin's army of rapists :
The brutal war crime that Russia and Germany tried to ignore
Relations between Russia and Germany have not been good since Vladimir Putin 's nationalist sabre - rattling this summer , but they are about to get a whole lot worse .
A new film about to be released in Germany will force both countries to re-examine part of their recent history that each would much prefer to forget .
Yet it is right that the ghastly truth should finally be acknowledged .
The movie , A Woman In Berlin , is based on the diary of the German journalist Marta Hillers and depicts the horror of the Red Army 's capture of the capital of the Third Reich in April and May 1945 .
A German girl walks past Soviet troops in a scene from A Woman In Berlin
Marta was one of two million German women who were raped by soldiers of the Red Army - in her case , as in so many others , several times over .
It was a feature of Russia 's ' liberation ' and occupation of eastern Germany at the end of World War II that is familiar enough to historians , but which neither country cares to acknowledge took place on anything like the scale it did .
For Russia , the episode besmirches the fine name of the Red Army that had fought so hard and suffered so much in its four - year campaign against the Wehrmacht .
The courage and resilience of the ordinary Russian in what they called the Great Patriotic War is incontestable , and for every five German soldiers killed in action in the whole of World War II , four died on the Eastern Front .
Yet the knowledge that the victorious Red Army committed mass rape across Prussia and eastern Germany as they closed in on Berlin degrades its reputation , which is unacceptable to many Russians today .
When the historian Antony Beevor wrote about it in his book Berlin : The Downfall , the Russian ambassador to London , Grigory Karasin , accused him of ' an act of blasphemy ' , saying : ' It is a slander against the people who saved the world from Nazism . '
Similarly , living Germans do not want the events that humiliated and violated them , their mothers and grandmothers to be held up to public examination , as this movie promises to do .
Joseph Stalin :
The Soviet leader explicitly condoned rape , according to one historian
For many German women , the memory was something they sublimated and never spoke about to their husbands returning from the front .
It was the great unmentionable fact of 1945 , which is coming out not just in history books , but in front of a mass , international audience .
Painful memories of gross sexual abuse are being dragged out and held up to the pitiless witness of the silver screen .
Furthermore for the Germans , there is also the added sense that had it not been for Operation Barbarossa , Hitler 's invasion of the USSR , these crimes would never have been committed against German womanhood in the first place .
Three million German troops crossed the Soviet border in June 1941 in an attempt to extirpate the Russian state , and the Nazi commitment to
Total
War produced atrocities so terrible that they were bound to be avenged once the Red Army reached German soil .
As so often in war , it was to be defenceless women , girls and even elderly ladies who were to pay in pain and outrage for the crimes of their male compatriots .
Many had abortions or were treated for the syphilis they caught .
And as for the so - called Russenbabies - the children born out of rape - many were abandoned .
In his fine new book , World War Two : Behind Closed Doors , the historian Laurence Rees points out that although rape was officially a crime in the Red Army , in fact , Stalin explicitly condoned it as a method of rewarding the soldiers and terrorising German civilians .
Stalin said people should ' understand it if a soldier who has crossed thousands of kilometres through blood and fire and death has fun with a woman or takes some trifle ' .
On another occasion , when told that Red Army soldiers sexually maltreated German refugees , he said : ' We lecture our soldiers too much ; let them have their initiative . '
While Stalin condoned rape as an instrument of state military policy , his police chief Lavrenti Beria was a serial rapist .
An American diplomat , Beria 's bodyguard and the Russian actress Tatiana Okunevskaya all bore witness of his methods of grabbing women off the street and shoving them into his limousine and then his bed .
' You are a long way from anywhere , so whether you scream or not does not matter , ' Beria would tell the women when he got them back to his dacha .
' You are in my power now .
So think about that and behave accordingly . '
More than 100 school - aged girls and young women were drugged and raped by the man who ran the NKVD , the feared forerunner to the KGB .
' All of which means , of course , that if reports of Red Army soldiers raping women in eastern Europe were sent to the NKVD in Moscow , they finally reached the desk of a rapist himself , ' says Rees .
The rape of Berlin 's female population - anyone between the ages of 13 and 70 was in danger - was cruelly vicious .
In one heart - breaking incident , a Berlin lawyer , who had somehow protected his Jewish wife from persecution throughout the Nazi period , was shot trying to protect her from rape by Red Army soldiers .
As he lay dying of his wounds , he saw his wife being gang - raped .
' They do not speak a word of Russian , but that makes it easier , ' one Red Army soldier wrote in a letter home in February 1945 .
' You do n't have to persuade them .
You just point a revolver and tell them to lie down .
Then you do your stuff and go away . '
It was unusual for Red Army soldiers to admit to rape in letters home , which is why this new German film is likely to shock Russian patriotic sensibilities .
Nor did the Germany 's surrender calm the Russians ' behaviour , at least in the short term .
' Weeks before you entered this house , its tenants were living in constant fright and fear , ' the rich German publisher Hans - Dietrich Muller Grote wrote to President Truman about the place he stayed in during the Potsdam conference of July 1945 .
' By day and by night , plundering Russian soldiers went in and out , raping my sisters before their own parents and children , beating up my old parents .
All furniture , wardrobes and trunks were smashed with bayonets and rifle butts , their contents soiled and destroyed in an indescribable manner . '
Red Army troops in procession in Berlin , Germany .
Their atrocities against the women were carried out in a sickeningly systematic manner ( File Photo )
The Red Army 's atrocities against women in Dresden in the spring of 1945 , a city that had already suffered heavily from Allied bombing , were carried out in a sickeningly systematic manner .
' In the house next to ours , Soviet troops went in and pulled the women on to the street , had their mattresses pulled out and raped the women , ' recalled one inhabitant , John Noble .
' The men had to watch , and then the men were shot .
Right at the end of the street , a woman was tied to a wagon wheel and terribly misused .
' Of course , you had the feeling that you wanted to stop it , but there was no possibility to do that . '
Women going to and from work past Red Army pickets were routinely raped .
The historian Chris Bellamy believes that although there are no surviving written records to prove it , ' the hideous spectre of multiple rape was not only condoned , but , we can be pretty sure , legally sanctioned by the political officers speaking for the Soviet government ' .
Nor is it true that rape was mainly carried out by reserve units following behind the front - line troops .
The Russian war correspondent Vassily Grossman was embedded with the elite front - line Eighth Guards Army which committed rape , as did at least one of his own war correspondent colleagues .
As well as the estimated two million rapes in Germany , there were between 70,000 and 100,000 in Vienna and anywhere from 50,000 to 200,000 in Hungary , as well as thousands in Romania and Bulgaria , which had been pro-Nazi , but also in Poland , Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia , which had not been .
Indeed , as Beevor points out , the Red Army even raped < cite > Russian </ cite > women who had been liberated from concentration camps , emaciated and wearing their prison uniform .
Overall , however , Russian soldiers tended to prefer plumper and better - fed women , and one diarist recorded the satisfaction felt by some Berlin women that these tended to be the wives of Nazi Party functionaries .
Vodka played a role , of course , but the worst of the behaviour was fuelled by sheer hatred and aggression , as well as a cold - hearted sense of deterrence for the future .
' It 's absolutely clear that if we do n't really scare them now , there will be no way of avoiding another war in future , ' one Red Army soldier wrote at the time .
In a recently published book by the Professor of Modern History at Cambridge , Richard Evans , a young Russian officer is quoted recalling how when his unit overtook a column of fleeing German refugees : ' Women , mothers and their children lie to the right and left along the route , and in front of each of them stands a raucous armada of men with their trousers down .
The women , who are bleeding or losing consciousness , get shoved to one side , and our men shoot the ones who try to save their children . '
A group of ' grinning ' officers ensured that ' every soldier without exception would take part ' .
Evans records : ' Rape was often accompanied by torture and mutilation and frequently ends in the victim being shot or bludgeoned to death .
The raging violence was undiscriminating .'
The insistence on the men watching the rapes was deliberate policy , intended ' to underline the humiliation ' .
Underlying all this foul inhumanity was the way the German Army and its allies had behaved during its invasion of Russia .
That was clearly not the only explanation - it does n't explain why the Red Army raped Poles , Czechs and Yugoslavs and even Russian women , for example - for that one has to delve deep into the darkest recesses of the male psyche .
Yet the four years of life - and - death conflict did brutalise the Soviet peasant - soldier and taught him to behave like a beast against the women of his enemies once he was given the chance .
The Soviet - German war lasted 1,418 days without respite , and for sheer horror there is nothing to equal it in the long and monstrous annals of human warfare .
' It eliminated pity , abandoned any constraint , mocked even a semblance of legality , ' wrote its foremost historian Professor John Erickson .
The Germans drew up plans to exterminate or deport no fewer than 50 million Slav untermensch ( subhumans ) and as soon as they had attacked they instituted procedures for achieving this .
In the end , no fewer than 27 million citizens lost their lives .
The Geneva Conventions were ripped up , as it was stated that no German soldier would be prosecuted for any ' ideologically motivated ' murder of civilians .
Hitler 's Vernichtungskampf ( war of annihilation ) against the Slavs merged into his Rassenkampf ( war of racial extermination ) against the Jews and Communists to create a Continent - wide slaughter .
Behind the advancing Wehrmacht , which won victory after victory in the first six months , were a series of Einsatzgruppen ( action squads ) , whose ' special task ' it was to liquidate Jews , Communists , partisans , PoWs , the disabled and anyone else thought to be ' enemies of the Reich ' .
In forests across eastern and southern Russia , Ukraine , Poland and the Baltic states , the populations of villages and towns were escorted to places of execution , ordered to dig their own shallow graves and then shot .
An estimated 1.5 million innocent human beings are believed to have perished in this way .
Yet , as Erickson puts it : ' Machine - guns and rudimentary gas vans could not cope with the demands imposed by mass extermination , prompting the search for a capacious gas chamber the like of Auschwitz . '
The ' scorched earth ' policy adopted by the Wehrmacht led to millions more dying , and during the 900 - day siege of Leningrad human flesh was semi-openly sold in the street .
Small wonder that when ' Ivan ' had his chance for revenge , he was going to take it in as gross and bestial a manner as possible .
The fact that the women of Germany were largely innocents , swept up in the horror rather than being responsible for it , meant nothing to an army that had lost 13.5 million casualties at the Germans ' hands .
And what of the Allied advance in the West across Germany ?
It was not unknown for cases of rape to be reported , but they were considered a serious offence and punished accordingly .
The fact that today Germany is a peaceful democracy , indeed , in many ways a model country , can in large part be put down to the Red Army 's monstrous invasion , but also to the ruthless bombing of its cities and towns by the British and U.S. air forces from 1941 to 1945 .
The aggressive soul of Germany that had launched no fewer than five wars in the 75 years after 1864 was cut out by the experiences of World War II , and was thankfully not to reappear .
If made sensitively , this new film might be able to reconcile the two countries as they come to terms with the crimes committed in the first half of the Forties .
Equally , the capacity for reciprocated resentment is ever present .
A Woman In Berlin is thus cinematic gunpowder .
Yet neither side should hide from the harsh historical truths it tells , however unpalatable they may seem .
• Andrew Robert 's latest book is Masters And Commanders : How Roosevelt , Churchill , Marshall And Alanbrooke Won The War In The West ( Allen Lane , £ 25 ) .
Campaign floundering , McCain retreats to Arizona ranch Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday October 4 , 2008
Print This Email This FLAGSTAFF , Arizona , ( AFP ) 
With poll numbers slipping , Republican John McCain on Saturday struggled to inject fresh energy into his White House campaign a little over four weeks before the US presidential elections .
As the clock ticks down to November 4 , McCain has yet to seize the upper hand from his Democratic rival Barack Obama and has been left trailing in the polls .
Even a gutsy debate performance by Republican VP pick Sarah Palin late Thursday , in which she performed better than expected against her Democratic rival Joseph Biden , appears to not have been enough to turn the race around .
On Thursday the McCain campaign pulled out of Michigan , effectively surrendering the midwestern state to the Democrats , to focus instead on six swing states .
And with more bad news on the economic front , McCain was to retreat to his Arizona ranch for the weekend , in a highly unusual disappearing act at the height of the campaign .
Missouri , where Thursday 's debate was held , is one of the key states in play -- along with Florida , North Carolina , Virginia , Indiana and Ohio -- and Republicans there acknowledged there was work to be done .
" Senator McCain has to win Missouri to win the White House .
So there is a strong commitment from the McCain - Palin campaign to make sure that we deliver Missouri , " said the party 's state executive director Jared Craighead .
Obama meanwhile campaigning in Pennsylvania vowed to protect taxpayers and homeowners from the fallout of the Wall Street crisis .
" I 'm glad to see we finally got this dealt with , " Obama told reporters after the House of Representatives gave final approval to the rescue plan under which the Treasury will buy billions of dollars in mortgage - related debt .
McCain called the financial bailout package passed by Congress Friday a necessary " outrage " and vowed to clean up Wall Street if elected .
" This rescue bill is not perfect , and it is an outrage that it 's even necessary , " he said .
" But we must stop the damage to our economy done by corrupt and incompetent practices on Wall Street and in Washington . "
Despite McCain 's dash back to Washington last week to try to get a deal on the table , Obama was widely credited with helping to break the deadlock among lawmakers .
Obama said he had lobbied a number of Democratic lawmakers who wanted assurances from him " as potentially the next president " that he would follow through on efforts to prevent foreclosures .
A slew of polls have put Obama firmly ahead both nationally and in key swing states such as Ohio , Florida and Pennsylvania ahead of the polls .
And they have suggested that voters blame Republicans for the country 's economic woes and trust Obama more with fixing the downturn .
New figures showed the sputtering economy lost 159,000 jobs in September , as the weight of the housing collapse and credit crunch hit a broad swath of industries .
Palin , the first time Alaska governor plucked from obscurity by McCain in late August , stood her ground against Biden late Thursday in the only vice presidential debate of the 2008 White House race .
A record 69.9 million people in the United States tuned in , eclipsing the previous best mark set in 1984 when 56.7 million watched Geraldine Ferraro 's televised tussle with George H.W. Bush .
Palin 's performance thrilled the party 's conservative base , following days of concern over her ability , and she told Fox news on Friday that she had a ball doing the debate .
" It was a lot of fun .
It was a great opportunity to get to speak directly to Americans .
That 's how I looked at it when I walked into there saying , you know , we 're not going to be filtered , " Palin said .
And she said she felt there had been " some good chemistry " with Biden , who on Friday attended a military ceremony in Delaware for his son , Beau , who like Palin 's son , is being deployed to Iraq .
Palin also vowed to be more available to the media in the coming weeks after being kept at a distance by the McCain campaign .
" I look forward to speaking to the media more and more everyday and providing whatever access the media would want .
My life is certainly an open book . "
Her campaign released tax and income records showing that Palin , who regularly tells voters she knows what it is like to struggle to pay the bills , earns nearly 200,000 and has substantial savings .
But while acknowledging Palin 's better - than - expected performance during the debate , The New York Times blasted her selection as McCain 's running mate .
" In the end , the debate did not change the essential truth of Ms. Palin 's candidacy , " the newspaper opined .
" Mr. McCain made a wildly irresponsible choice that shattered the image he created for himself as the honest , seasoned , experienced man of principle and judgment . "
There 's sometimes things that are so helpfull that you think that everyone is aware of them , but sometimes this is not the case .
Here I& ...
Country
Location
Description
Submitted by
United States of AmericaLost River State Park , West Virginia ( link Every year we take a weekend off and venture to a cabin in this very park .
Every year we hike the same trail and come across this haunting entrance .
It looks man made , but the small size and the fact that it goes directly under a gigantic mountain give it away .
I went in for a closer look this past year , and noticed the strange echoing crackles from within , and the fact that it is pitch black inside with no apparent end to the tunnel .
Ryan Smith
Labels : North America , USA , West Virginia
Calibrize is free software that helps you to calibrate the colors of your monitor in three simple steps .
Just download the software and follow the procedure to generate a reliable color ' profile ' and adjust the colors of your monitor automatically .
Two weeks since McCain ’s had any advantage in voter preferences
Gallup Daily : Obama Holds 6 - Point Lead
Two weeks since McCain ’s had any advantage in voter preferences
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama continues to hold a significant lead over John McCain in Gallup Poll Daily tracking , 49 % to 43 % .
This is based on interviewing conducted Sept. 27 - 29 , spanning an intense period of negotiations over an historical financial recovery package in Congress on Friday and Saturday , news of a tentative agreement on the package on Sunday , and then collapse of the bill when it came to the House floor on Monday .
It also represents the first report including three full days of tracking following Friday night 's presidential debate .
Today 's results mark the fourth straight day Obama has held a five percentage point or better lead over McCain in Gallup Poll Daily tracking , and two full weeks since McCain last had any advantage over Obama in national voter preferences .
McCain held a slim lead over Obama for several days following the Republican National Convention in early September , but that quickly evaporated with the Wall Street financial crisis that began with the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers on Sept. 15 .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
Upper Limit for Obama ?
Although support for Obama among national registered voters hit the 50 % mark in the past two days of Gallup Poll Daily tracking ( he initially attained 50 % in early September ) , he has yet to cross that symbolic threshold .
The importance of this , however , is unclear .
Gallup 's historical trial heat trends show that the winners in 1988 , 2000 -- both years with minimal third party candidate support suppressing the vote for the major party candidates -- rarely attained 50 % or greater support from registered voters prior to Gallup 's final pre-election poll .
Voter support for George W. Bush only once exceeded 50 % in his 2004 campaign against John Kerry , that being 53 % in mid-September .
In 1988 , George H.W. Bush reached or surpassed the 50 % mark once at the very beginning and then not again until the last two weeks of the campaign .
-- Lydia Saad
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general election results are based on combined data from Sept. 27 - 29 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,729 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
Norman Koren Home Norman Koren Vacuum tube audio page
Updated Jan. 5 , 2008
View image galleries
Search WWW Search www.normankoren.com
A resource for designing tube amplifiers with SPICE simulation
Welcome to my vacuum tube audio page , which I dedicate to the reader who seeks an in - depth understanding of amplifier design -- who wants to learn the factors that contribute to audio quality — who does n't buy the myths of the high - end marketplace , where old designs enhanced with " premium " components and dressed up in impressive packages command astronomical prices .
You will encounter some deeply thought out and thoroughly analyzed new designs with exceptional sonics , including the preamplifier and power amplifier I 'm now listening to .
Though I do my best to keep it readable , portions of some articles are unavoidably technical .
Important notice : I have n't been actively involved with audio since 1997 .
I wrote these pages to preserve my ideas and work from the 1990s .
I am unable to answer questions about the latest developments in tube audio , the latest versions of Orcad / PSpice , etc .
transistors *
* Actually , I have nothing against transistors .
With proper design they can sound fine .
I just could n't resist the ironic twist .
Of course there are horrible sounding designs that feature specs like " 0.001 % total harmonic distortion at rated power output . "
I explain the bad sound in Feedback and Fidelity .
A list of books and publications I have for sale can be found at the bottom of this page .
Loose screws ?
Sometime in the late 1980's I visited an audiophile in San Diego .
When he opened the door he exclaimed , " Norm !
I 've made the most incredible discovery !
A simple modification that really improves the sound — opens it up , sharpens the imaging , and deepens the soundstage .
I 've loosened the screws on all my chassis .
You gotta hear it ! "
He learned this tweak from a friend of his who had made a small fortune with a " CD enhancer " spray called Finyl .
At the time , the ads for Finyl claimed it would increase the number of bits of resolution .
His system sounded terrible .
I 'd heard rumors that some audiophiles had their screws loose , but I never took them literally until that evening .
Gordie Freedman evidently had similar experiences .
Maybe the problem was his cable lifters , which were made of plastic and only lifted his cables 4 inches .
Here 's what Mapleshade says : " Odd as it may seem , laying audio cables on an artificial fiber carpet will immediately dull the sound of your stereo .
And that ’s true for all cables , not just our Clearview wires .
Unfortunately , the carpet is a huge mass of low quality insulation ( dielectric ) .
It absorbs and smears energy from the field around the wire .
The effect is pretty grim , making music sound both dulled and harsh .
A simple ear - tested solution is to raise the cables off the carpet by at least 8 inches .
That ’s exactly what our maple Triad does . "
You 're apparently out of luck if your decor is oak or walnut .
I gotta quit .
You wo n't find any more of this stuff on my site .
I promise .
Pspice tube models
Tubemods.zip
Shift - click to download the tube models as a compressed file which must be " unzipped " with Pkunzip , Winzip or a similar program .
87 kB .
PSpice shareware package instructions Instructions for the models and circuits in Tubemods.zip .
Finding SPICE tube model parameters A Matlab program for automatically determining tube model parameters from data sheets .
Other articles
SPICE and the art of preamplifier design
An update of an article originally published Glass Audio , Vol. 9 , No. 2 , p. 1 and No. 4 , p. 38 , 1997 .
Discusses preamplifier design using the Dynaco PAS as an example .
Contains designs with outstanding sound quality , some suitable for PAS modification projects , some for new projects .
The Emperor 's New AmplifierTM
My ultimate dream amplifier .
80 watts of class AB2 triode power with low feedback ( none global ) using a wide bandwidth toroidal output transformer with a servo to maintain dc - balance .
Designed with extensive PSpice simulation .
Arguably the most sophisticated vacuum tube amplifier design ever .
My system
Links ( updated April 2019 )
AmericanRadioHistory.com ( a fantastic resource ; a real treasure trove for geeks , discovered 2019 )
Contains complete scans of magazine issues on radio , broadcasting , and electronics technology .
Of particular interest is a complete archive of Audio Engineering / Audio magazine from 1947 through 2000 .
I found several RCA Tube Manuals here .
Worth digging into .
Dr. Craig Hollabaugh has put a page on Pentode Modeling on Github .
He also has a page on Tube modeling on Youtube , with lots of utstanding information .
Recommended !
( Added May 2017 )
Duncan's Amp Pages
The best source of vacuum tube data sheets and links .
A Brit who never uses the word " valve . "
American cultural imperialism strikes again .
Frank 's Electron tube Pages Another amazing tube data resource .
Art Ludwig 's Sound Page Lots of great stuff on the physics of sound , human hearing , and audio design .
From a passionate physicist , passionate about the art of music .
The Art of Electronics by Paul Horowitz and Winfield Hill .
Their book is a must for anyone who wants to really know electronics .
Beautifully written .
WinSpice A free Spice3F4 Port for Windows 95 , 98 , 2000 & NT .
Very intriguing .
Will simulate much larger circuits than evaluation PSpice .
PSspice student version ( version 9.1 at last look ) has limited capabilities by standards of solid - state circuit design , but it can be amazingly useful in simulating vacuum tube amplifiers , which tend to have fewer components .
Hard to find on the OrCAD website .
I had to go to the CadencePCB home page and click on All Downloads .
The full versions are expensive .
LTSPICE / SwitcherCADIII
A free and unlimited SPICE simulation program from Linear Technology with support through its user group , ( http://groups.yahoo.com/group/LTspice).
LTSPICE is highly compatible to PSPICE on a netlist level for analog components and models .
Of course , the schematic editor and symbol editor are different .
Recommended by Helmut Sennewald , who is one of the two moderators of the LTSPICE Yahoo - group .
Sounds excellent ; I have n't tried it .
BeigeBag Spice B2 is a promising low - cost ( $ 189 ) alternative to PSpice .
The evaluation " lite " version is more severely limited than the PSpice student version .
I have n't tried it out .
One Electron offers design services and manufactures audio transformers .
But what really makes their page interesting is links to service manuals and schematics for electronic equipment , and especially for audio equipment ( classic amplifiers , tuners , etc. ) .
Also has some entertaining and edifying links .
A reader informed me that Alex Cavalli had some excellent PSpice tube models .
His article , A Fender - Tone Tube Headphone Amplifier , on Headwize.com , looks like a good place to start .
Interesting site !
REG on Audio ( Robert E. Green )
Extremely interesting audio and music commentary .
Many previously published in The Absolute Sound .
I wish I had the time to go through them all ...
James E. Lanier 's PSPICE Triode Calculator is a promising program for finding tube model parameters .
It 's still under development ; he plans to expand it to include tetrodes and pentodes .
Jeroen 's Technical Center : Motega ( Modeling Of Tubes Employing Genetic Algorithms ) .
Written in Matlab .
Manufacturers :
Plitron Manufacturer of superb toroidal output transformers .
Includes a treasure trove of technical publications .
Ariel Loudspeaker , designed by Lynn Olson .
After hearing Chris Brady 's Ariel I purchased a kit from North Creek Music Systems .
I have n't had time to build it .
Accel Thermal makes heat sinks .
Valutronics Swedish maker of kit loudspeaker and stereo power amplifier .
Parts :
Welborne Labs has some excellent technical information and schematics .
Antique Electronic Supply
The Parts Connection
Mouser Electronics
Parts express has interesting stuff including Hammond transformers for tube amplifiers .
ExpressPCB offers free software for PCB design and low cost board manufacturing in small quantities .
I would give them careful consideration if I were currently involved with audio .
Magazines :
Vacuum Tube Valley Strong on projects and history .
Audioxpress Incorporating Glass Audio .
Tube CAD Journal Excellent online magazine for DIY tube enthusiasts .
The tube collector , published by a group of passionate amateur collector - historians .
Audiophiles with interesting projects ( strong technical content ) and links :
Chris 's tube haven Fascinating projects and images of audiophiles in the Denver metro area ( my neighborhood ) | One Electron — John Atwood has nice technical articles and amplifier designs .
Other resources :
Boston Audio Society has excellent events , articles , and links .
Radiomuseum.org is developing a resource for antique ratios — descriptions , schematics , etc .
Record collecting : I have about 7,000 LP 's , two - thirds classical , and I 'm trying to reduce my collection by eliminating duplicates and music I 'm not in love with .
I 'm starting to compile links about collecting , labels and pressings for my own education .
Labels in the UK are mostly different from the USA .
UK pressings are regarded as having higher quality , but they 're rare here .
Some sites I 've found : Harry Pearson 's famous super LP list | Princeton Record Exchange has buying lists .
Reviews ( mostly CD ) Classical
Net has some nice links .
| Classics Today
For sale : Books and Magazines on audio ( especially tubes )
I need more room on my crowded bookshelves , and I 'm no longer actively involved with audio , so it 's time to find a home for some gems — books and publications of real value to audio enthusiasts .
Books
Make an offer .
I 'm not sure what they 're worth .
I 'll check eBay , but most of these are likely to be rare .
F. Langford - Smith , Radiotron Designer 's Handbook , Fourth Edition , 1953 .
1498 pages .
This is the big one ; probably the gem of the collection .
Red cover , but the back part of the binding is missing .
Otherwise fine .
F. Langford - Smith , Radiotron Designer 's Handbook , Third Edition , 1941 . 352 pages .
Two copies .
Alfred A. Ghirardi , Radio Physics Course , An Elementary Text Which Expllains the Principles of Electricity and Radio , Second Edition , 1942 . 972 pages .
Lots of wonderful old illustrations of 1930s technology .
International Telephone and Telegraph Corporation , Reference Data for Radio Engineers , Fourth Edition , 1956 , 1121 pages +
Index .
An excellent reference , from the good ol ' days before ITT got involved with coups in Chile .
George E. Valley , Jr. , and Henry Wallman , Vacuum Tube Amplifiers , 1948 , 743 pages .
Serious material from MIT ( not to be confused with the cable manufacturer with the same initials ) .
Lawrence Baker Arguimbau , Vacuum - Tube Circuits , 1948 , 668 pages .
More from MIT .
Samuel Seely , Electron - Tube Circuits , 1958 , 695 pages .
Just before the solid - state deluge .
John D. Ryder , Engineering Electronics with Industrial Applications and Control , 1957 , 666 pages .
The phrase " industrial strength " gets tossed around rather loosely these days .
This is the real thing .
Morris Slurzberg and Willima Osterheld , Essentials of Radio - Electronics , 1961 , 716 pages .
Contains a chapter on Audio units ahd high - fidelity reproduction .
About 80 % tubes .
Vincent Del Toro , Principles of Electrical Engineering , 1965 , 775 pages .
A general engineering text .
Split 50 - 50 between solid - state and tubes , but not a great many circuits .
Publications
Audio Engineering / Audo Magazine , about 95 % of the issues from the beginning in 1947 through the 1980s .
Unfortunately not complete — a few odd issues are missing .
A real treasure trove of articles and designs .
Issues prior to the early 1960s are the most interesting .
I have n't catalogued them ( it would take quite a bit of time ) , but I would if I had a serious prospective buyer .
There are several boxes !
She said : " I looked outside , saw this massive animal in the dark , and thought the Beast of Bodmin was in the pool .
I was terrified , but when I took a closer look I realised it was a horse .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
These radical rodents are no kooks in the water – they ’ve been riding tubes in the Hawaii ’s famous swell since their owner taught them to surf .
( Pic : SWNS )
Fin and Tofu , both one - year - old , have no fear as they catch four - foot waves and are even on a special diet to stay in beach body shape .
Crowds flock to watch the expertise of the white rats as they pop up on the crest of a glassy beach break and get barrelled without wiping out .
Owner Boomer Hodel , 14 , said : “ Running on a wheel is n't enough for Fin and Tofu - they like a more extreme rush .
They love surfing .
" When they first started they were pretty shaky and would fall off quite a lot , but now their balance is so good they fall off less than most human surfers .
" Fin 's favourite trick is a tube ride - where the wave breaks over him and he rides through a tunnel of water .
" Sometimes he falls off his board and I have to take him back to the beach to warm him up with a towel .
But he is always raring to get back out there .
" The first time I took the rats down to the beach it was to give them a wash because they were all dirty .
But they loved the water so much I had to take them back .
" It also keeps them in great shape .
I 've put them on a special surfing diet as well which has really boosted their performance .
" I give them high protein , low carbohydrate foods .
Rats are natural swimmers and have a very adventurous spirit . "
Boomer takes the rats surfing twice a week for 20 minutes at a time .
They ride on one - foot surfboards he made for them with the help of some mates .
Watch more radical rodents in the water :
Future of Smartphones : 10 Crazy Predictions That Might Come True
From contact lenses with VR capabilities to chips implanted directly in the brain to communicate with a computer , everyone is wondering : what could future smartphones look like ?
This all may sound like something out of Star Trek or Star Wars , but the fact is many of these technologies already exist today .
Do you want to hear some of the exciting predictions for the future of smartphones ?
Keep reading below to hear what the experts are saying about upcoming phone features .
We have listed ten predictions that are about to come true or already exist on your phone .
1. The Future of Smartphones : Artificial Intelligence
AI is learning technology .
It can serve as your partner in making important decisions related to work , shopping , entertainment , or even directions while driving .
We currently use it with Amazon ’s Alexa or Apple ’s Siri .
The use of AI in smartphones has been limited so far because the technology requires a lot of power .
Recently , researchers at MIT created a neural - network chip that requires 10 times less power than the current processing units .
The technology is catching up with the need , which means we could be using more AI shortly .
2. Say Goodbye to Smartphone Wires & Ports
Smartphone developers discovered a long time ago that ports were trouble .
No matter how they were engineered , they let in water and dust .
Apple was one of the first to get rid of their headphone jack .
Most users now have Bluetooth headsets anyway .
Others can still connect through the remaining power port .
But , that too may be a relic soon .
With the growing popularity of wireless charging bases , smartphone users no longer need ports or wires at all .
3. More Personalized Operating Systems
New technology for computers and smartphones is all about personalization .
People want the system to work for them , not the other way around .
Apple debuted macOS 11 Big Sur in June 2020 .
It ’s the first operating system designed for the company ’s new silicon chips .
What are the Big Sur features ?
The updated Safari is 50 % faster than Chrome and more personalized .
It also features an enhanced Control Center and is better connected to the Catalyst App .
4. Smartphones May No Longer Need Buttons
The same philosophy on ports is now being applied to physical buttons .
Developers are trying to simplify phone designs .
Buttons are a potential failure point .
Some companies are creating virtual buttons through “ software - designed surfaces . ”
This provides more flexibility for what a button can do .
One issue with virtual buttons are false touches , yet AI technology may be used to determine when it is pressed accidentally .
5. Embedding SIM Cards of the Future
We ’ve all dealt with SIM cards in our smartphones or digital cameras .
In phones , they store all of our personal information and are unique to each user .
The issue with SIM cards is they need to be switched if you ’re changing phone carriers or traveling in places with a different carrier than yours .
The embedded SIM card fixes this issue .
eSIM cards are a permanent fixture in the phone , making it easier to switch carriers or manage multiple accounts in minutes .
No more opening the phone to take out a card .
6. Smartphones — One Device to Rule Them All
The modern smartphone has already evolved so much in only two decades .
What started as a simple phone with a few silly ringtones or 8 - bit games is now the center of our universes .
Smartphones today are used for communication , entertainment , shopping , wellness , finding a job , and much more .
They will be further incorporated into our lives , more than we could ever imagine .
Developers are already working on ways to operate smartphones using brainwaves !
7. Incorporating More Wearable Smartphone Technology
The Apple Watch paved the way for wearable smartphone technology .
Some doubted if the watches would take off .
But , worldwide shipments of smartwatches increased by 25 % between 2018 and 2019 .
People love the convenience of these watches and how much they ’re capable of doing .
The future may very well bring us rings , shoes , bands , or more personal items that sync with our smartphones .
Even more exciting are the ideas of developing contact lenses with a personal assistant or shirts that check your vitals while exercising .
8. Making Tomorrow ’s Smartphones Indestructible
One complaint made against today ’s cell phones is their vulnerability .
One drop can crack an entire screen or a few droplets of water can fry the entire device .
As technology has become more advanced , the phones are more delicate .
Part of designing more rugged smartphones is allowing the devices to fold .
Engineers are now testing the use of graphene .
It ’s a thin , lightweight , and flexible material over 200 times stronger than steel .
According to them , it could make the future smartphone indestructible .
9. Adding More Camera Lenses to Smartphones
Most smartphone cameras rival digital cameras in image quality .
A new genre of taking pictures — smartphone photography — has even taken off .
Phones are now outfitted with two camera lenses in the front and a reverse camera .
Expect smartphones of the future to add more advanced lenses that improve functionality and resolution .
They may even allow lenses to be detached and replaced based on what type of picture is being taken .
10 . Facial Recognition Technology to Secure Devices
Keeping smartphones secure is a top priority .
Passcodes have been used for years to stop unauthorized access to the phone , but the future will likely be facial recognition technology .
Many devices already have a basic form of this technology .
The problem is it ’s based on a 2D facial recognition algorithm , which is not very secure .
Photographs can be used by thieves to gain access .
As advances are made in facial recognition technology and smartphone cameras are improved , expect this to be the standard method of opening your phone .
Embrace New Smartphone Technology
The future of smartphones is exciting and it ’s time for us to embrace what ’s to come .
Some of the predictions we listed already exist , others are close to being released or mass - produced .
Do you enjoy reading the latest technology news and hacks ?
Check out the rest of our website for articles on smartphone tips , understanding new software , reviews of the best gaming gear , and more !
Prohibited from using U.S. dollars or other currencies in the midst of hyperinflation , the people of Zimbabwe have now turned to using gasoline coupons for money — anything but the Zimbabwean dollar .
The result is that people transact in liters of gasoline , with the coupons as the currency .
Zimbabweans face acute shortages of local currency .
Already gas coupons can be used to pay some household accounts .
Many businesses also pay workers part of their earnings in scarce foodstuffs , or demand dollars for purchases , which is illegal .
“ Where coupons become a currency , it reflects the rapidly falling value of the Zimbabwe dollar .
Barter selling provides something that holds its value , ” said John Robertson , an independent economist in Harare , the capital .
Other forms of barter are also common , including foodstuffs , and “ obsolete ” coins :
Obsolete coins also have been revalued , sending Zimbabweans hunting for coins they squirreled away in recent years .
And :
Embattled restaurants were offering discounts of up to 80 percent for either U.S. dollars or local cash because of shortages of both .
They also added a penalty fee of up to 80 percent on top of the bill for those who paid by check , estimating price rises in the five days it takes a check to clear .
Businesses reported a slight upturn in transactions since Friday , despite the money crisis .
Since the new money came out , it already has fallen in value against hard currencies by about 20 percent .
“ The petrol coupon has a more stable value and barter works , ” Robertson said .
Our new book by George Selgin , Good Money , explains how legalizing private , competitive currencies is the solution .
2008.08.20 / java
先週高校の友達が家に泊まりにきたとき、バランスWiiボードを見て「これでGoogleマップ操作できたら面白そうじゃない？」とぽろっと言ったのをきっかけに「あれ、それできそうだぞ」と思ったので勢いで作ってみました。
動作としては直感的なものになっていて、足踏みするとどんどん進んでいって、左右に重心傾けると向きが変わって前後に重心を傾けるとズームが変わります。百聞は一見にしかずで、映像見てもらったほうが分かりやすいかと思います。
Google Street View by Wii Balance Board from katsuma on Vimeo .
構成
全体の構成としては次のもので成り立っています。
バラン スWiiボード Bluetoothレシー バ( iMac ) 信号解析モジュー ル( Java ) ローカ ルWebサー バ( Jetty ) Javascript( JSONP ) Webブラウザ ( 出力 )
バラン スWiiボード とBluetoothレシー バ
言わずもがな例 のWii Fitのあれ。まずBluetoothデバイスとしてMacに繋ぐ許可を与える必要があるのですが（ペアリング）、ペアリングするためにはRVL
Enablerを使えば何も考えずに簡単に検知できます。（via WiiリモコンとFirefoxをjavascriptでつなげるWiiRemoCom Firefox3対応版）RVL Enablerを起動して、バランスWiiボードを近づけて「Search」ボタンをクリックすれば認識してくれるはず。
Macはいいけ どWindowsはどうなんだ？という話になるのですが、おそらくUSB接続なんかのレシーバを用意すれば認識するはず？です。WindowsでWiiリモコンを扱う話もいろいろ出ているので特に問題はなくペアリングまでできるかと思います。
信号解析モジュー ル( Java )
ここが今回の一番のメイン 。
最初はyappoさんが作られ たPlusenをもとにどうにかしようと思っていたのですが、Cocoa-PerlブリッジのCamelBonesがLeopardでうまく動かなかったりビルドするものがやたら多かったり、そもそも僕はPerlが苦手だったりと山があまりにも多すぎたので断念。
で、他の方法を探していた らJavaでWiiリモコン、バランスWIiボードの信号を解析してラップしてくれるナイスなモジュールのWIiRemoteJなんてものを見つけたので、これを利用しました。実際はさらに下のレイヤーであるJNIでBluetoothの信号を受信するためのJSR-082 ( Java Bluetooth API ) 実装ライブラリも必要になります。今回はWindows XP , Windows Vista , MacOS X , Linuxと幅広いプラットホームに対応してい るBlueCoveを利用しました。
これらの使い方も簡単で 、Eclipseのビルドパスに入れておくだけでOKで、複雑なことは何もありません。WiiRemoteJのパッケージを解凍するとサンプルプログラムのWRLImpl.javaがあるので、これをビルド、実行するとWiiリモコンの加速度センサのx , y , z軸方向の変化の様子を見ることができます 。
バランスWiiボードを操作するときもサンプルのWiiリモコンを扱うのと基本的に大きく変わりません。BalanceBoardListenerをimplementsするclassを用意しておいて、
BalanceBoar balanceBoard = WiiRemoteJ.findBalanceBoard ( ) ; balanceBoard.addBalanceBoardListener(this );//thisは自身のクラス
などとしておきます。addBalanceBoardListenerすると、BalanceBoardからのいろんなイベントが起こるので、そのリスナbuttonInputReceived , combinedInputReceived , disconnected , massInputReceivedを実装します。今回は重心の動きを知りたいので、実際はmassInputReceived(BBMassEvent evt ) だけまじめに実装すればOK。BBMassEventは、バランスWiiボードを４分割（左上、右上、左下、右下）したときにそれぞれの領域でどれくらいの力が加わったか、のイベントとなります。こんな感じで取得できます。
double topLeft = evt.getMass( MassConstants .TOP , MassConstants .LEFT ) ; double topRight = evt.getMass( MassConstants .TOP , MassConstants .RIGHT ) ; double bottomLeft = evt.getMass( MassConstants .
BOTTOM , MassConstants .LEFT ) ; double bottomRight = evt.getMass( MassConstants .
BOTTOM , MassConstants .RIGHT ) ;
ただ、実際は上下左右の４方向で取得できたほうが都合がいいので、これを補正します。試行錯誤の結果、単純にこんな感じでよさそう。
double top = evt.getMass ( MassConstants .TOP , ( int ) Math.floor(( MassConstants .LEFT + MassConstants.RIGHT ) /2 ) ) ; double right = evt.getMass(( int ) Math.floor( MassConstants .TOP + MassConstants .BOTTOM ) , MassConstants .RIGHT ) ; double BOTTOM = evt.getMass ( MassConstants .
BOTTOM , ( int ) Math.floor(( MassConstants.LEFT + MassConstants.RIGHT ) /2 ) ) ; double left = evt.getMass(( int ) Math.floor( MassConstants .TOP + MassConstants .BOTTOM ) , MassConstants.LEFT ) ;
要するに取得する領域を幅の平均でならしておきます。値もそれっぽいものが返ってきたので（多分）問題ないはず。
力の分布からバランスボードの踏み方を推定
上で書いた方法で４つの領域にどれくらいの力が加わったかが取得できるので、この値から実際に「どんな格好でバランスボードを踏んでいたか？」を推定します。
この推定方法が実際はかなり苦労しました。。多分一番時間がかかったところ。何せなかなか思い通りの推定ができないし、ノイズがものすごい量で入ってくるし、そのノイズを無視する閾値をどれくらいにするかを測定するために毎晩バランスボードを踏んだり降りたり、、な毎日でした。で、いろんなパターンを考えて試行錯誤した結果、辿り着いた推定方法はこんなアルゴリズム。実はかなり単純。
4方向の力( f 1 , f 2 , f 3 , f 4 ) の割合r n を求める( r n =f n / Σf i ) r n の最小値m n =min(r n ) を求める m n 以外のr i が、全て閾 値thを超えていた場合、r n の方向の真逆を踏んでいたこととする（m n が左の場合、上、右、下方向にかかる力が閾値を超えていた場合は右側を踏んでいたことと見なす） 閾値を超えていなかった場合は、真ん中を踏んでいたことと見なす
これだけ。超シンプル。でもこれくらいでちょうどいい感じの結果でした。あと結果の履歴をとって、そこから判断とかも行っていたのですが、そこまでやらなくても方向検知のレベルであれば、実際は問題のない結果なのでこれで良しとしました。
Webサーバ
で、方向検知までできる とWeb屋としてはこの結果をなんとかHTML+Javascriptにフィードバックしたい、となります。そこでローカルでWebサーバ( Jetty6.1)を立てて、リモートのWebサイトからJSONPでアクセスできるようなAPIを作ることにしました。
「 リモートのサイトからlocalhostにアクセスできるの？」という話が出るかもしれませんが、ファイルシステムにアクセスするのではなく、あくまで外部サイトのホストがたまたまlocalhostだった、ということなので問題なくアクセス可能です。このあたり、P2Pストリーミングソフトなんかだと、クライアントソフトがデータをかき集めてきて、Webサーバ上のプレイヤがlocalhostから再生する、なんて流れになるのと同じように考えてみればいいと思います。
Javascript( JSONP )
今回Webサーバ でJettyを選んだのはCometが簡単に実装できたことが理由に上げられます。JSONP+Cometな組み合わせはLingrが既に実績ありましたし、Cometじゃないとポーリングを繰り返ししすぎるのもなんだか気持ち悪いです。実際はバランスWiiボードからの情報は全部JSONPで拾うには速度が足りないのですが、よほど細かなゲームを実装とかしない限り、特に今回のストリートビューのデモのようなものであれば、気にならない取りこぼしでした。
Webブラウザ(出力 )
出力について はJSONPで取得した情報をもとに、ステップなのか、どちらかの方向に傾いているのか？をJavaScriptで判断し、Google Map API の関数をコールしています。この判断も単純に、３回連続した値がきたかどうかで判断しています。たとえばCENTERに重心がかかっていたものが３回連続できたら、真ん中を踏み続けていたということからステップしていたんだな、のような感じです。
ハードウェアとJavaScript連携はおもしろい！
今回のデモはとりあえず動くものを作りたかったので、凝った作りに全くなっていないし、超汚いコードになっていますが、localhostのJavaScriptで特別なオブジェクトを生成することで、このモジュールをインストールしているかどうか、の判定もリモートのサイトで行うことも可能です。
また、Wiiリモコンやヌンチャクの情報もWiiRemoteJは扱うことができるので、JSONP
APIを同じように用意してあげて、ExternalInterfaceを使えばFlashとも連携できて、あれ、これ普通にWii本体なしでゲーム作れるんじゃね？？と、夢も膨らみまくりです。うおー。
ソースコード一式
超汚いまま整形なしですが、勢いで置いておきます。でもあとで改訂するかも。（これcodereposとか利用させてもらったほうがいいのかな）
MapWalker.zip
Javaのソースのtv.katsuma.walker.MapWalkerをビルド＆実行して、バランスWIiボードのSYNCボタンを押して認識させた後にここをアクセス。うまく起動できれば実際の渋谷を「本当に歩く」ことができます！（起動できていない場合、アクセスしてもJavaScriptエラーでとまっちゃいます。ここエラー処理いまサボってます。あとSYNCボタンおして例外で落ちちゃうことが割とあるのですが何回か繰り返すと繫がると思います＞＜）
Category : Photoshop Guides
A common mistake most Photoshop beginners users make is to apply all kinds of effects to photos the wrong way .
We ’ve all been there .
Shiny golden texts , fairy dust , curly pages , vintage colors , and an endless accumulation of cheesy effects , all being applied at once to your image .
In this article you will find a good selection of detailed tutorials that will show you how to create those cheesy effects the right way .
Dreamy Lighting Effects
Illustration and Painterly Effects
Flame and Fire Effects
Photo Frames
Chrome and Golden Metal Effects
Page Curls and Folded Paper
Retro Vintage
Face Makeover and Digital Makeup
ST . PAUL , Minnesota ( CNN ) -- John McCain vowed Thursday to " shake up Washington " and said he 's prepared to reach across the aisle to get the country " back on the road to prosperity and peace . "
" We need to change the way government does almost everything , " he told the Republican National Convention .
" Fight with me .
Fight for what 's right for our country .
Fight for the ideals and character of a free people . "
He said his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , is " just the right partner " to help lead the change .
" She 's tackled tough problems like energy independence and corruption , " he said .
" She stands up for what 's right and she does n't let anyone tell her to sit down . "
Watch " We 're going to win this election " »
He added , " Let me offer an advance warning to the old , big - spending , do - nothing , me - first , country - second Washington crowd : Change is coming . "
Change is a centerpiece of Democratic rival Barack Obama 's campaign .
iReport.com : " McCain sealed the deal "
McCain contrasted himself with Obama on a couple occasions , while offering a bipartisan tone .
" There are big differences between us .
But you have my respect and admiration .
Despite our differences , much more unites us than divides us .
We are fellow Americans , " said McCain , a senator from Arizona .
He said there would be Democrats and independents in a McCain presidential administration .
Watch a Democrat call McCain 's speech ' underwhelming ' »
" Let 's use the best ideas from both sides .
Instead of fighting over who gets the credit , let 's try sharing it , " he said .
He also scolded the Republican Party , saying some members " gave in to the temptations of corruption .
We lost their trust when rather than reform government , both parties made it bigger . "
See photos of McCain center stage at the GOP »
McCain touched on a number of issues that would appeal to the GOP 's conservative base , saying , " we believe in a strong defense , work , faith , service , a culture of life , personal responsibility , the rule of law and judges who dispense justice impartially and do n't legislate from the bench . "
Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton blasted McCain , saying he " talked about bipartisanship , but did n't mention that he 's been a Bush partisan 90 percent of the time , that he 's run a Karl Rove campaign , and that he wants to continue this president 's disastrous economic and foreign policies for another four years . "
" With John McCain , it 's more of the same , " Burton said .
In a speech before a giant screen showing an American flag waving against a blue background , McCain talked about the economy and education and promised to put the people first .
" I understand who I work for .
I do n't work for a party .
I do n't work for a special interest .
I do n't work for myself .
I work for you , " he said , to cheers from the crowd .
McCain portrayed himself as a fighter , saying he tackled corruption and big spenders , regardless of which party they came from .
Watch " change is coming " »
" I 've fought to get million - dollar checks out of our elections .
I 've fought lobbyists who stole from Indian tribes .
I fought crooked deals in the Pentagon .
I fought tobacco companies and trial lawyers , drug companies and union bosses . "
McCain vowed to embark on the " most ambitious national project in decades " through a bold energy plan that would produce more energy within the United States .
" We are going to stop sending $ 700 billion a year to countries that do n't like us very much , " he said , drawing some of the loudest cheers of the night .
He contrasted his aims with those of his opponent , who , he said , would raise taxes and institute a health care system that would force " small businesses to cut jobs , reduce wages and force families into a government run health care system where a bureaucrat stands between you and your doctor . "
McCain referred to the 5 ½ years he spent as a prisoner of war in Vietnam , explaining that the experience changed his life .
" I fell in love with my country when I was a prisoner in someone else 's , " he said .
" I was n't my own man anymore .
I was my country's . "
His remarks on Iraq were brief , reminding delegates that he fought for the " right strategy and more troops ... when it was n't a popular thing to do . "
Obama has said he would have U.S. combat troops out of Iraq by 2010 .
McCain was interrupted at least once by protesters from the anti-war group Code Pink , who were shouted down by delegates chanting " USA . "
The protesters were removed from the hall .
Watch protester disrupt speech »
The nominee weighed in , telling the crowd not to be distracted " by the static .
...
Americans want us to stop yelling at each other . "
If he defeats Obama in November , McCain , 72 , will become the oldest person ever to be elected to a first term in the White House .
During his speech , McCain hailed President Bush " for leading us in those dark days following the worst attack on American soil in our history , and keeping us safe from another attack many thought was inevitable . "
Delegates gave the speech rave reviews .
" He is the only man that can lead this country in the time that we 're in now , " said Will Barfoot of Montgomery , Alabama .
Karen Bonadio of California added , " I 'm so fired up . "
McCain was preceded by his wife , Cindy , who described her husband as a leader with a " sense of history and a clear view of the future . "
" I was taught Americans can look at the world and ask either , what do other countries think of us ?
Or we can look at ourselves and ask , what would our forefathers make of us , and what will our children say of us ? " she said .
iReport.com : Share your reaction to the convention speeches
" That 's a big challenge .
In living up to it , we know the security and prosperity of our nation is about a lot more than just politics . "
She then said McCain has " shown the value of self - sacrifice by daily example . "
" His courageous service to America in war and peace leaves no doubt what our forefathers would make of him . "
As she spoke , delegates held up " We Love Cindy " signs .
" You can trust his hand at the wheel .
But you know what , I 've always thought it 's a good idea to have a woman 's hand on the wheel as well , " she said to loud cheers .
" So , how about Gov. Sarah Palin ! "
Republicans nominated the Alaska governor Thursday to be their vice presidential candidate , making her the first woman to run for the office as a Republican .
South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham praised McCain 's character , saying he is leading the nation to victory in Iraq by his unflinching support for the surge .
Watch Graham say the surge is working »
" We know the surge has worked , " Graham said .
" The only people who deny it are Barack Obama and his buddies at MoveOn.org .
Why wo n't they admit it ?
" Because Barack Obama 's campaign is built around us losing in Iraq . "
Graham said it was McCain 's insistence on the surge , when thousands more U.S. combat troops were deployed in Iraq in January 2007 , that " stopped Congress from losing this war . "
" Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not saying Barack Obama does n't care .
I 'm just saying he does n't get it , " he said , echoing Obama 's dig at McCain during Obama 's acceptance speech last week .
" The surge was a test for Barack Obama .
He failed miserably .
Our troops deserve a commander in chief who acknowledges their success , has walked in their shoes , speaks their language , shares their sufferings and will lead them to victory in a war we cannot afford to lose .
" That person is my dear friend John McCain . "
Watch Graham on Obama : " He does n't get it " »
Graham is one of McCain 's closest friends in Congress .
Another close friend , former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge , said McCain has " unique qualifications for the presidency . "
" I speak to you about a warrior who has sometimes stood alone ... and always shown the way , " he said .
Palin was nominated earlier Thursday on a voice vote that Sen .
Mitch McConnell recognized as unanimous approval , prompting chants of " Sarah ! Sarah ! "
As governor of Alaska , Palin has won praise for backing tough ethical standards for politicians .
During the first legislative session after her election , her administration passed a state ethics law overhaul .
Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman said in nominating Palin that she had the leadership skills " born out of experience , hardship , disappointment and success . "
" She 's a hockey mom -- a hunter , a hard - hitting reformer -- and quite frankly , she 's not afraid to raise a little hell amidst the Washington elite .
Which is just what America needs ! "
Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty then took the stage and warmed up the crowd for the GOP presidential nominee .
He said McCain " understands the concerns of everyday Americans like you and me . "
" John McCain connects with Sam 's Club voters .
He gets it , " Pawlenty said .
Overnight , crews transformed the stage at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul , Minnesota , so delegates would surround McCain while he addressed the convention .
The change was done to make the speech feel more like the town hall - style meetings the Republican presidential nominee is known for , aides said .
CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • Sarah Palin • Barack Obama
Will the Anti-Locavorism Never End ?
A blog post from a few months ago — titled “ Do We Really Need a Few Billion Locavores ? ” — upset many eat - local fans .
Among the many sins I committed were :
1. Using food coloring to make sherbet .
( Hey , sorry , but I was just following the directions on the ice - cream maker one of my kids got as a present ; sue me . )
2. Seeming to equate making sherbet with eating local .
( I did n’t mean to ; it was one story that led to another .
But since so many people got the wrong impression , I ’d consider that a failing less of locavore fundamentalism than of my writing . )
3 . Being the kind of grump who hates all good things including nature , children , puppies , etc .
( Believe that if you must ; I hope it is not true . )
Anyway :
If you are part of the camp who thinks all these things are true , you may not want to read any further .
What follows is an assessment of locavorism that lays out , more patiently and measuredly than I did , the reasons why it is not the environmental panacea its supporters may think .
The author is James McWilliams , a historian at Texas State University , and the section below comes from a book he ’ll be publishing next year called Just Food .
Thanks to James and to his publisher , Little Brown , for letting us jump the gun a bit .
On Locavorism
by James McWilliams
A Guest Post
The argument that we must relocalize the nation ’s distribution networks to accommodate small growers ultimately runs into a really inconvenient question : should every region even have a local food system ?
The query , however much it causes locavores to grit their teeth , is a critical one to ask .
Regions with climate and soil conditions poorly suited for diversified agricultural production must dedicate substantial inputs to fossil fuel and water .
This is true whether the operations are big or small , mom-and - pop , or franchised .
Should regions that are seeking self - sufficiency in environmentally stressed locations be accommodated with a custom - designed distribution and processing system ( not to mention a community willing to engage in the massive contradiction of sacrificing precious local resources to support a supposedly environmentally friendly ideology ) ?
As Jennifer Wilkins , a scholar at Cornell ’s Division of Nutritional Sciences , writes : “ In the long run , of course , and increasingly in the short run as well , significant food production may not be possible in these regions . ”
Locavores will often respond to this line of attack by arguing that people should not be moving to these areas in the first place .
But again , that kind of logic sends us back to never - never land .
Unless one can envision the government in a place like the United States telling citizens and corporations that they cannot settle in a particular region because the resources do not conform to a locavore vision , we ’re back to the thorny reality that some places simply cannot justify , on environmental grounds , a localized food system .
Ever been to Phoenix ?
Call it an inconvenient truth .
Moreover , it ’s one that has implications well beyond the obvious water - stressed regions .
Even in locales that have great potential to provide a region with considerable food , there are reasons to be skeptical that locavorism is an achievable idea .
Consider fruit and vegetable production in New York .
The Empire State is naturally equipped to grow a wide variety of fruits , including pears , cherries , strawberries , and some peaches .
But none of these compare to its ability to grow apples and grapes , which dominate production ( accounting for 94 percent of all fruit grown ) .
At current levels of fruit production , apples are the only crop that could currently feed New Yorkers at a level that meets the U.S. Recommended Dietary Allowances .
Every other fruit that the state produces is not being harvested at a level to provide all New Yorkers with an adequate supply .
Other fruits such as bananas and oranges are not produced at all because conditions are unfavorable for growing them .
What does this situation mean in terms of feeding the state with the state ’s own produce ?
In a nutshell , it means citizens would have to give up tropical fruits altogether ; rarely indulge in a pear , peach , or basket of strawberries ; and gorge on grapes and apples — most of them in processed form ( either as juice , in a can , or as concentrate ) .
Eating state vegetables poses its own problems .
Of all vegetables produced in New York , only 9 of the 80 which are most consumed cannot be produced within state .
This statistic is encouraging for the prospect of local consumption .
Not only is the region naturally conducive to growing a diversity of vegetables , but it ’s already doing so to such an extent that it could provide enough beets , cabbages , onions , pumpkins , snap peas , and sweet corn to feed the state populace an adequate diet of vegetables .
So what ’s the trouble ?
Why not go for it ?
The devil , as usual , is in the details .
As with fruit production , to move vegetables from New York fields to New York forks would demand , in Wilkins ’s terms , “ a rebuilding of the processing industry . ”
Whereas the global economy ’s infrastructure allows the importation of fresh produce all year round , consumers — again , given the extremely unlikely prospect that they would tolerate a radically reduced menu of options — would have to accept only processed fruit and vegetables in the off season .
Since the stuff would not be exported , it would be frozen , canned , juiced , or pickled .
Whereas the conventional system of production and distribution has in place a series of large - scale processing centers capable of handling these tasks in a handful of isolated locations — not so for localities .
Herein lies the rub .
As three scholars writing in the British Food Journal explain :
In recent decades large scale food processing and production has been undertaken in factories on industrial estates , but a return to small units within communities may well bring environmental problems such as smell , pollution , waste disposal , visual intrusion , and nuisance for those communities .
Localities might be thrilled with the prospect of a sprawling farmers ’ market in their hood , but what about a small fish - processing plant designed especially to meet local needs ?
One imagines it would n’t be long before a “ defensive politics of localism ” became a “ not in my backyard ” point of contention , punctuated with “ Eat Local , Process Elsewhere ” bumper stickers .
Moreover , given that the New York case study is one that covers a relatively large area of production ( it ’s 400 miles from New York City to Buffalo ) , these problems would be exponentially compounded for locavores who want to keep their diets within a 100 - mile radius .
Sneak preview of the 11 pm runs .
This is from LBAR , which has been almost as good as GFDL on track ( at 48 hrs , 156 mi vs 136 mi ) , and updates much faster .
LOOP is the only facility in the Gulf to unload VLCC tankers which carry over 2 million barrels of crude .
They can in theory be " litered " by unloading onto smaller tankers that can make it into the Gulf Coast ports but this is very lenghty timing and the spare capacity of these smaller tankers is slim .
We get about 1.2 million b/d of crude imports through Loop . (+/- 10 %)
There are many resources under the fold ( by clicking " there 's more " in this post ) , including details of the latest oil / infra damage estimates from Chuck Watson at KAC / UCF as well as lot of other resources including rig maps , models , google earth maps , and a lot more in the comments .
Please help us find things that help convey the energy situation and problems created by this storm .
Client - type readers should click on Chuck Watson 's links - his long range Katrina forecasts were spot on and he has helped us - a website of volunteers - by volunteering a great deal of time and expertise .
Recent track shifts have Gustav consistently hitting near New Orleans , east of the majority of oil and gas rigs ; though this could still change in either direction , the models have continued to converge .
( Welcome : we are now on a later and more updated thread , which can be found here : http://www.theoildrum.com/node/4478
NB : you may want to just go the front page ( it will be post # 1 or # 2 ) to get to the most recent thread : http://theoildrum.com ... )
( Welcome : we are now on a later and more updated thread , which can be found here : http://www.theoildrum.com/node/4478
NB : you may want to just go the front page ( it will be post # 1 or # 2 ) to get to the most recent thread : http://theoildrum.com ...)
Damage estimates using LBAR 48 hour run 9 pm EST - click twice to enlarge
For all graphics : Rigs / Platforms : Blue : evacuated only ;
Yellow will require inspection before restart ; Red : damage requiring repair .
Refineries : Black : operational impact ( partial shutdown )
Green : Operational impact ( full shutdown )
Red : Damage likely Ports : standard hurricane flags for wind
We are not hurricane experts at theoildrum.com .
Neither are we experts on damage forecasts to oil and gas infrastructure from weather events ( though thankfully we do have an expert that helps us ) .
What we try to do , and have been doing for over 3 years , is articulate the fragility and urgency of our nations , and our worlds , energy situation .
As Hurricane Gustav moves nearer , and professional meteorologists and energy analysts gauge the impact it may have on our energy infrastructure , feel free to browse our archives of hundreds of empirically based analyses and perspectives on the myriad energy issues that are the backdrop not only for this hurricane , but for any exogenous event that disrupts the increasingly uneasy balance between energy supply and demand in our modern interconnected world .
We hope those in the path of this behemoth will get out of the way , prepare , and do everything they can to preserve human life .
Let 's hope this is all a waste of time and that this is not the human tragedy that it looks to be .
Click map to go to WUnderground
UPDATED : 20:53 EST 8/30
A note on our modeling process : we take the official NHC track , the raw computer model tracks like GFDL , HWRF , LBAR , etc , and even run our own in - house fast cycle track / intensity models .
These track and intensity estimates are feed to our main hurricane model ( TAOS ) , which computes the wind , waves , storm surge , currents , etc. at each point in our database of over 50,000 elements in the GoM like rigs , platforms , pipelines , pumping stations , refineries , etc .
We then have engineering models for each type of infrastructure that calculates the damage and estimated down time for that element , as well as downstream impacts ( eg if a pipeline is down , the upstream elements can't pump and the downstream elements do n't get product )
Since the major models are converging on New Orleans , I asked Chuck Watson if his expertise extended to the impacts on the navigation , etc. of the Mississipi River , our nations most important port .
His response :
Biggest problem for navigation in the lower river , as I understand it , is debris - trees , boats , houses , superdome parts , etc .
If this thing stalls and upriver levees start to bust , then you get silt and more debris .
LBAR track ( one of the fairly good " quick " models ) is now tracking " worst case " for NOLA .
We 're showing $ 80 Billion plus on - shore damage on that track just in lower LA .
I 'm still skeptical this thing will maintain Cat4 all the way to landfall .
Makes sense to plan for it , but the dynamics just do n't feel right .
More nervous about it than this morning , but still think it 's less than 1 in 3 for Armageddon ( which is bad enough ) .
Chuck Watson has created a table for us , showing expected production ( vs original ) for 14 day , 30 day , 60 , 90 day , 6 M , and 12 M ( updated 20:53 EST 8/30 )
Early 00z ( 8 pm ET ) runs have shifted towards NOLA again .
Will be
interesting to see if the big global runs like GFDL and HWRF shift as well .
Forecast GOM Production Estimates based on various track models ( updated 21:00 est )
Official Forecast Track
OFCL ATCF Forecast Time : 2008083018 14 day : 6.99 MMBBL ( 43.42 % normal ) , gas 51.21 BCF ( 57.15 % normal ) 30 day : 19.89 MMBBL ( 57.65 % normal ) , gas 137.55 BCF ( 71.64 % normal ) 60 day : 44.88 MMBBL ( 65.04 % normal ) , gas 306.38 BCF ( 79.79 % normal ) 90 day : 70.56 MMBBL ( 68.17 % normal ) , gas 485.33 BCF ( 84.26 % normal ) 6 mon : 152.45 MMBBL ( 73.65 % normal ) , gas 1040.40 BCF ( 90.31 % normal ) 1 year : 341.75 MMBBL ( 81.42 % normal ) , gas 2279.55 BCF ( 97.58 % normal )
Best Objective Track
BOTR ATCF Forecast Time : 2008083012 14 day : 6.44 MMBBL ( 40.00 % normal ) , gas 48.65 BCF ( 54.29 % normal ) 30 day : 17.96 MMBBL ( 52.06 % normal ) , gas 127.77 BCF ( 66.55 % normal ) 60 day : 45.40 MMBBL ( 65.80 % normal ) , gas 290.50 BCF ( 75.65 % normal ) 90 day : 74.66 MMBBL ( 72.14 % normal ) , gas 461.18 BCF ( 80.07 % normal ) 6 mon : 166.36 MMBBL ( 80.37 % normal ) , gas 1013.94 BCF ( 88.02 % normal ) 1 year : 370.11 MMBBL ( 88.17 % normal ) , gas 2275.52 BCF ( 97.41 % normal )
Alternate Scenario 1 Track
LBAR ATCF Forecast Time : 2008083100 14 day : 6.50 MMBBL ( 40.37 % normal ) , gas 52.09 BCF ( 58.14 % normal ) 30 day : 16.97 MMBBL ( 49.19 % normal ) , gas 132.66 BCF ( 69.10 % normal ) 60 day : 38.89 MMBBL ( 56.36 % normal ) , gas 292.30 BCF ( 76.12 % normal ) 90 day : 61.88 MMBBL ( 59.79 % normal ) , gas 454.79 BCF ( 78.96 % normal ) 6 mon : 145.78 MMBBL ( 70.43 % normal ) , gas 974.89 BCF ( 84.63 % normal ) 1 year : 358.24 MMBBL ( 85.35 % normal ) , gas 2149.43 BCF ( 92.01 % normal )
17:15 EST 8/30 Current track has LOOP out for extended period of time as well as some extensive refinery shutdowns .
Chuck comments :
The current tracks , both official and objective , are showing serious damage to the LOOP terminal as well as Southwest Pass .
About a dozen refineries , including the big Baton Rouge Refinery ( ~500,000 BPD ) , are showing at least week - long shutdowns and various levels of damage .
Long term power and pipeline disruption is forecast in the target area , with extended rain ( due to the storm stalling inland ) making repairs difficult .
It 's not a good forecast - in some ways , worse than Katrina .
However , one thing folks should keep in mind : right now the major track models are abnormally closely clustered in space if not in time .
That ( obviously ! ) means that they are either all right or all wrong .
I 've done this long enough to suspect the former . . .
Chuck Watson update 17:00 EST
8/30 :
The tables show the expected and forecast cumulative production from the GOM at the end of each period .
So according to the runs based on the Official NHC forecast , at the end of 90 days the GOM would have produced only 70 MMBBL as opposed to the normal 103 MMBBL , a 30 % cumulative shut in .
Little wobbles matter a lot .
It 's important to realize just how sensitive losses are to the exact track and geometry of the storm .
As you 're probably aware , a few leases are responsible for the majority of production ( I should do a map of that some time ) .
The critical damage width , even for a strong storm , is really quite small - 30 miles wide or so .
So a 10 mile wobble or a 20 degree change of approach can make a huge difference in impacts .
The expected shear means greater asymmetry in the storm , which also changes the geometry .
As I 've said all along , the numbers tend to be all over the place until we get to about 2 - 3 days out .
Chuck has put together a dynamically updating page that will reflect the latest damage models / forecasts at this link : KAC / UCF models .
Rain estimates using GFS forecast
Rain forecast from GFS - over 1 foot of rain immediately post storm , another 10 " on day 2 , 8 " day 3 .
Wow .
UPDATED
PRODUCTION /INFRASTRUCTURE
MAPS AND REFINERY INFORMATION
Here 's a link to a really good map of oil refining / SPR storage facilities in respect to the path of Katrina ( NB : OLD TRACK MAP ! ) and here is a listing of production and refining capability for the state of LA .
Just to give you a rough idea of where things are , the map above is a probability swath for Katrina ( OLD TRACK MAP ! ) with the Thunder Horse platform as the red dot , and the other purple dot represents the Mad Dog development ( 100,000 bd ) ; the Holstein development that produces at peak , around 100,000 bd of oil ; and the Atlantis field that may have ramped up to around 200,000 bd in all .
Put together these projects have the potential of around 650,000 bd , but as can be seen , they were sitting in an uncomfortable spot relative to the track of the Katrina .
The white dot is where Port Fourchon is .
This is where the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port , or LOOP , is located .
Rigzone pointed out that this is where the foreign tankers offload , Google and Terraserve maps you can see that the area is very low - lying .
One of the big concerns is that there will be sub-sea landslides or other ground movement that might affect the LOOP .
Were this to be disrupted , then foreign tankers would need to be diverted elsewhere , with the likely port being Houston .
Here is a really good link / map ( from " Rod and Reel " no less ) of the LA southern coastline showing all of the Submersible and Floater Gulf rigs .
We have accumulated resources from previous hurricans below , but we'd like to find updated materials if you know of them .
Recent refinery maps , recent rig maps in the gulf , recent gas fields , SPR facilities , the Intercoastal Canal , pipeline stations and transfer points , etc. , etc . Leave links in the comments please .
Also , here 's the EIA 's Alabama , Louisiana , Mississippi , and Texas Resources pages .
They will also likely come in handy .
Also , here 's a link to the national page .
Here 's another good resource for infrastructure maps and such .
( scroll down a bit )
Here 's a map from CNN with large and small refineries laid out .
( though it is an old storm track )
Very detailed piece by RIGZONE on rigs and other infrastructure in the area .
( thanks mw )
Here 's a flash graphic of the oil refineries and rig maps from Hurricane Rita , it emphasizes Beaumont and Galveston 's importance .
Click on oil production in the tab .
Note the many rigs on the east side of the storm that will get the brunt of the damage from the NE quad of the storm ... hence the high long - term GOMEX oil production damage estimates below .
Here 's a link to Rigzone 's coverage of Gustav .
You want a detailed map ?
Well here 's the probably the best MMS map I could find .
Very detailed and lots of interesting stuff .
( VERY big .pdf warning )
Also , Scott Wilmoth at Simmons &
Co was kind enough to send us this map .
The map below captures only deepwater infrastructure .
For a complete list of deepwater development systems ( includes operator , depth , location ) : http://www.gomr.mms.gov/homepg/offshore/deepwatr/dpstruct.html
( Please deposit new relevant links , graphs , and comments in this new thread ... we have updated the resources part of this post with new maps and some more old maps and articles from Katrina on the LOOP and Port Fourchon - - important parts of the infrastructure , as we learned about three years ago .
We will start a third thread when we get new info or Sat pm )
Andrew Lahde Letter Thanks Idiots for Lahde Capital Management Success
Andrew Lahde , who closed his one year old hedge fund , Lahde Capital Management , has written a farewell letter in which he advocates the legalization of marijuana and thanks the " idiots " who helped make him rich .
Santa Monica , California - based Lahde Capital Management returned 866 % betting against the subprime collapse , and now the fund 's 37 - year - old manager is calling it quits .
Lahde told investors last month he was returning their cash because the risk of using credit derivatives was too risky given the weakness of the banks he was trading with .
Andrew Lahde 's bio in the industry is extensive , with experience in company and industry analysis , particularly in the telecom and business services sectors .
As a Senior Research Analyst with Roth Capital Partners , Lahde was instrumental in generating investment ideas and performing in - depth research on individual companies .
Prior to joining Roth , he was a Research Associate for the investment bank , Gerard Klauer Mattison , where he covered the wireless sector .
As an Investment Analyst at Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management , he focused on analysis of distressed debt and arbitrage opportunities for hedge funds .
Lahde began his investment career in 1995 at TD Waterhouse where he was a Relationship Manager in the Institutional Division .
He holds an MBA from The Andersen School at UCLA and received his BA in Finance from Michigan State University .
He is a CFA charter holder and a member of the Los Angeles Society of Financial Analysts and the CFA Institute .
Andrew Lahde 's letter expresses his disdain with the business that made him wealthy , saying " I was in this game for the money . "
The letter is inciting varied responses from those who praise and those who condemn Lahde 's sentiments .
" I support the letter completely .
This government is totally out of control and the regulation of plants like hemp and marijuana are the last things we need to worry about , " writes one .
" What a pompous ass , with no respect for the industry that made him millions .
This is the equivalent of a hall of fame pitcher saying that baseball is a stupid game , played by idiots , and watched by buffoons , that the game meant nothing and he was just in it for the money .
There are thousands of hard working , every day people who work in the financial services industry who honestly do care about taking care of the savings of their clients and its not their fault that management adopted some policies that cost the rank and file their job and their savings .
He says he 's not gloating ?
Yeah , and I 'm not pissed off about getting laid off last month , " says another .
View the Andrew Lahde letter below .
October 17 , 2008
Today I write not to gloat .
Given the pain that nearly everyone is experiencing , that would beentirely inappropriate .
Nor am I writing to make further predictions , as most of my forecasts inprevious letters have unfolded or are in the process of unfolding .
Instead , I am writing to say goodbye .
Recently , on the front page of Section C of the Wall Street Journal , a hedge fund manager who wasalso closing up shop ( a $ 300 million fund ) , was quoted as saying , “ What I have learned about thehedge fund business is that I hate it . ”
I could not agree more with that statement .
I was in this game for the money .
The low hanging fruit , i.e. idiots whose parents paid for prep school , Yale , and then the Harvard MBA , was there for the taking .
These people who were ( often ) truly not worthy ofthe education they received ( or supposedly received ) rose to the top of companies such as AIG , Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers and all levels of our government .
All of this behavior supporting the Aristocracy , only ended up making it easier for me to find people stupid enough to take the other side of my trades .
God bless America .
There are far too many people for me to sincerely thank for my success .
However , I do not want to sound like a Hollywood actor accepting an award .
The money was reward enough .
Furthermore , the endless list of those deserving thanks know who they are .
I will no longer manage money for other people or institutions .
I have enough of my own wealth tomanage .
Some people , who think they have arrived at a reasonable estimate of my net worth , might be surprised that I would call it quits with such a small war chest .
That is fine ; I am content with my rewards .
Moreover , I will let others try to amass nine , ten or eleven figure net worths .
Meanwhile , their lives suck .
Appointments back to back , booked solid for the next three months , they lookforward to their two week vacation in January during which they will likely be glued to their Blackberries or other such devices .
What is the point ?
They will all be forgotten in fifty years anyway .
Steve Balmer , Steven Cohen , and Larry Ellison will all be forgotten .
I do not understand the legacy thing .
Nearly everyone will be forgotten .
Give up on leaving your mark .
Throw the Blackberry away and enjoy life .
So this is it .
With all due respect , I am dropping out .
Please do not expect any type of reply to emails or voicemails within normal time frames or at all .
Andy Springer and his company will be handling the dissolution of the fund .
And do n’t worry about my employees , they were always employed by Mr. Springer ’s company and only one ( who has been well - rewarded ) will lose his job .
I have no interest in any deals in which anyone would like me to participate .
I truly do not have a strong opinion about any market right now , other than to say that things will continue to get worse for some time , probably years .
I am content sitting on the sidelines and waiting .
After all , sitting and waiting is how we made money from the subprime debacle .
I now have time to repair my health , which was destroyed by the stress I layered onto myself over the past two years , as well as my entire life – where I had to compete for spaces in universities and graduate schools , jobs and assets under management – with those who had all the advantages ( rich parents ) that I did not .
May meritocracy be part of a new form of government , which needs to be established .
On the issue of the U.S. Government , I would like to make a modest proposal .
First , I point out theobvious flaws , whereby legislation was repeatedly brought forth to Congress over the past eight years , which would have reigned in the predatory lending practices of now mostly defunct institutions .
These institutions regularly filled the coffers of both parties in return for voting down all of this legislation designed to protect the common citizen .
This is an outrage , yet no one seems to know or care about it .
Since Thomas Jefferson and Adam Smith passed , I would argue that there has been a dearth of worthy philosophers in this country , at least ones focused on improving government .
Capitalism worked for two hundred years , but times change , and systems become corrupt .
George Soros , a man of staggering wealth , has stated that he would like to be remembered as a philosopher .
My suggestion is that this great man start and sponsor a forum for great minds to come together to create a new system of government that truly represents the common man ’s interest , while at the same time creating rewards great enough to attract the best and brightest minds to serve in government roles without having to rely on corruption to further their interests or lifestyles .
This forum could be similar to the one used to create the operating system , Linux , which competes with Microsoft ’s near monopoly .
I believe there is an answer , but for now the system is clearly broken .
Lastly , while I still have an audience , I would like to bring attention to an alternative food and energysource .
You wo n’t see it included in BP ’s , “ Feel good .
We are working on sustainable solutions , ” television commercials , nor is it mentioned in ADM ’s similar commercials .
But hemp has been usedfor at least 5,000 years for cloth and food , as well as just about everything that is produced frompetroleum products .
Hemp is not marijuana and vice versa .
Hemp is the male plant and it grows like a weed , hence the slang term .
The original American flag was made of hemp fiber and our Constitution was printed on paper made of hemp .
It was used as recently as World War II by the U.S. Government , and then promptly made illegal after the war was won .
At a time when rhetoric isflying about becoming more self - sufficient in terms of energy , why is it illegal to grow this plant in this country ?
Ah , the female .
The evil female plant – marijuana .
It gets you high , it makes you laugh , it does not produce a hangover .
Unlike alcohol , it does not result in bar fights or wife beating .
So , why is this innocuous plant illegal ?
Is it a gateway drug ?
No , that would be alcohol , which is soheavily advertised in this country .
My only conclusion as to why it is illegal , is that Corporate America , which owns Congress , would rather sell you Paxil , Zoloft , Xanax and other addictive drugs , than allow you to grow a plant in your home without some of the profits going into their coffers .
This policy is ludicrous .
It has surely contributed to our dependency on foreign energy sources .
Ourpolicies have other countries literally laughing at our stupidity , most notably Canada , as well as several European nations ( both Eastern and Western ) .
You would not know this by paying attention to U.S. media sources though , as they tend not to elaborate on who is laughing at the United States this week .
Please people , let ’s stop the rhetoric and start thinking about how we can truly become self - sufficient .
With that I say good - bye and good luck .
All the best ,
Andrew Lahde
The excerpts from Bill McKibben 's Deep Economy are reprinted here The P2P Energy Grid
Excerpt
Bill McKibben :
" We can generate local power more efficiently
We ’re used to thinking of solar power as a set of panels up on the roof and a set of batteries down in the basement , supporting a grinning , graying hippie happy in his off - the - grid paradise .
But there ’s something too individualistic about this model :
It ’s the hippie ’s power , for him .
The result is n’t like a farmers ’ market ; it ’s like your own vegetable garden , from which you ca n’t even share the extra zucchini with your own neighbors .
In some places it makes sense , and the people who have pioneered it deserve great credit for leading the way .
But for most of America , some intermediate scale — something in between the individual cell powering the individual home , and the one great power station feeding the whole state — seems a better match .
Imagine all the south - facing roofs in your suburb sporting solar panels .
Imagine a building code that requires all new construction to come with solar roof tiles and solar shutters .
Imagine windmills scattered around town in the gustier spots and heat pumps for extracting energy from the earth .
Imagine all these pieces linked in a local grid .
Such a vision makes sense in part because our current way of doing things is extraordinarily wasteful .
When power plants burn coal , an enormous amount of the energy is wasted as heat that simply goes up into the air ; one recent British study indicated that 61 percent of the energy value of the coal just disappears .
Another 4 percent vanished in the transmission process , and another 13 perfect was wasted because people were using inefficient refrigerators and dryers and other appliances in their homes .
We can generate local power more reliably
If you depend on a massive central power station to deliver your electricity , you really need another one standing by in case the first one fails .
But if you ’re relying on dozens of smaller sources , the chances that they ’ll all go out at once are small to vanishing .
So imagine that the energy grid worked more like the Internet — decentralized , and operating in both directions .
You get power out , but you can also put power in .
On a sunny day I can walk down to the electric meter under my porch and watch it spin the wrong way .
As long as the sun stays out , the solar panels on my roof make me a utility .
It ’s a sweet feeling , knowing that my neighbor ’s refrigerator is running off the panels above my head .
In England , a pilot project in the town of Woking used sixty different local generators — arrays — to power , heat , and cool municipal buildings and the town ’s housing projects , as well as many of the downtown businesses .
Carbon emissions fell 77 percent ; in the event of a nationwide blackout , the town could be isolated from the main grid and go on working .
( There was n’t even much potential for terrorists to attack . )
Woking was able to pay for the pioneering system through energy savings , and pension funds across Europe now invest in such schemes because they like the steady low - risk returns they offer .
We can tap the power of community
To really make localized power generation work , you need a community .
Ask yourself why Japan leads the world in building a decentralized solar - panel energy economy .
Because it has so much sun ( it does n’t ) , or because it has so much fellowship ?
Because it ’s equatorial ( it ’s not ) , or because people feel both an obligation to one another and an ability to trust one another ?
In a hyper - individualized world , by contrast , cost is all that matters .
I ’ll get the cheapest possible electricity and not worry about its effects ; if you want to tax me to help jump - start other technology , I ’ll vote for someone else ; come back when photovoltaics are cheaper than coal .
Randy Udall , who runs a non-profit organization that builds solar energy systems in Pitkin County , Colorado , expresses his frustration with the hyper - individualized mind - set .
“ If I heard it once , I heard it a dozen times : ‘ What ’s the payback ? ’ ”
An average solar system , he notes , costs $ 10,000 . ”
Americans routinely pay $ 3,000 for a four - pound laptop , and $ 40,00 for a sport utility vehicle that loses thousands of dollars the moment it leaves the dealer ’s lot .
In no other realm does the ‘ What ’s the payback ? ’ mentality prevail . ”
The average cost increase for using solar energy , he adds , works out to $ 1.44 a day .
“ Any family that can afford cable television could probably afford to get some power from the sun . ”
It ’s true , though , that solar and wind power sources come with big up - front costs .
The sun may be free , but for the panels you have to write a check — unless there are enough people in your community willing to make it possible in other ways .
“ [ Power generation ] should be owned by communities , individuals , businesses and cooperatives ” instead of giant utilities , says Bill Becker , who builds ten - foot - tall turbines that look ' like DNA helixes whirling around a vertical shaft . '
" Distributed power , " Becker says , " builds the model of local self - sufficiency , control , power .
People feel they control their lives . ” ( http://www.gaia.com/article/7025?from=community)
Is the best blog about comics ever .
After seeing this post : I decided that somebody HAD to draw Batman with Sharkchucks .
I then decided that person may as well be me .
Took about two hours .
Pencils done on paper , inking with manga studio debut and colour with Photoshop .
I do n't consider this a wasted two hours .
Firstly because it 's Batman with Shark - chucks , secondly , hey , drawing practice , and thirdly , I 've never had to draw sharks before , so it was also a learning experience !
Arctic Plant Invasion The Shoe Cleaner Who Wants to Save Svalbard
As Arctic temperatures warm , the threat of invasive species grows .
One path for travelling seeds is on the bottom of unsuspecting tourists ' shoes .
A young Australian researcher is doing what he can to tackle the problem .
Link of the day - Guesstimation : Solving the World ’s Problems on the Back of a Cocktail Napkin
Sher and Luke Bruun have outgrown their two - bedroom Apple Valley townhouse and are itching to get into a house with more room for their family .
Since May , they 've tried to sell the house on their own by using real estate websites , but with six other townhouses for sale on their street , they 've had little luck .
So they 're looking for someone willing to trade a larger house for their smaller one .
" There are lots of people trying to sell a home who want to downsize into something smaller and cheaper .
Maybe we could make a match , " said Sher Bruun .
With buyers in short supply , more people are choosing to explore house swaps .
Many of them have to sell because of a job change , or because they need more -- or less -- space .
Many are n't interested in becoming landlords and renting their homes .
And for some , a swap is their last attempt at avoiding foreclosure .
With hundreds of thousands of homes for sale advertised on traditional real estate listing services , house swapping is a small niche of the market , but it is growing .
Craigslist , a free classified advertisement website , added a " Housing Swap " category about two years ago in response to user demand .
It logged 11,000 listings nationwide in June and the company said numbers have doubled from last year .
Homeowners post a description of the property they 're trying to sell and of the type of home they 're seeking .
When there 's a successful match , the owners negotiate to buy each other 's homes .
The sale and purchase of the two properties is typically done at the same time , so no one is left paying two mortgages .
For example , the Bruuns placed an ad on Craigslist offering their $ 208,000 townhouse in exchange for a four - bedroom home , for which they would pay up to $ 300,000 .
They 've had four queries and are considering an exchange with a homeowner in Lakeville .
" If it works , it will be a win - win for both of us , " said Sher Bruun .
[ Via - Startribune ]
Too Big To Bail
American economy as a circle of cavorting skeletons
The Dumbest Man In America
A Crash Course in Economic Crashes
When Scams Collide
On Friday , before the presidential debate got under way , caterers for the St. Regis were setting up dozens of tables on the grounds of Mission San Juan Capistrano for AIG American General ’s sumptuous off - site dinner .
Tables were draped with soft Tuscan - gold tablecloths that cascaded to the grass ; elegant fresh flower centerpiece graced each table ; and what appeared to be fine crystal stemware , at least from a distance , glistened in the fading light .
Workers set up a lengthy bar stocked with bottles of liquor .
A half - dozen tall space heaters stood sentinel in case the evening turned cool .
There was a large center stage with lighting and a sound system , and once the sun went down , the whole scene took on a magical patina as tiny white lights twinkled in the trees .
The Watchdog - and the Outraged Taxpayer who alerted us to the situation - understand that corporate events such as these are planned many months in advance .
I mean , really .
Who could have known in the spring that there ’d be Financial Armageddon in the fall ?
But still .
“ The inappropriateness and the excessiveness just blew us away , ” said the Outraged Taxpayer , who went to the Mission Friday to pray in the chapel .
“ It ’s outrageous .
In very poor taste .
Over the top . ”
click here
waronyou Social Media Pages :
Just a fellow news researcher .
I often find it hard not to be buried in the spin .
So I figured I would share some articles that wont receive any attention .
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
In this file photo U.S. President George W. Bush ( R ) meets with Saudi Arabian King Abdullah ( L ) outside the Royal Terminal at the Riyadh - King Khaled International Airport in Riyadh , May 16 , 2008 .
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , four princes and other Saudi entities are immune from a lawsuit filed by victims of the September 11 attacks and their families alleging they gave material support to al Qaeda , a federal appeals court ruled on Thursday .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , four princes and other Saudi entities are immune from a lawsuit filed by victims of the September 11 attacks and their families alleging they gave material support to al Qaeda , a federal appeals court ruled on Thursday .
The ruling by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan upheld a 2006 ruling by U.S. District Judge Richard Casey dismissing a claim against Saudi Arabia , a Saudi charity , four princes and a Saudi banker of providing material support to al Qaeda before the September 11 attacks .
The victims and their families argued that because the defendants gave money to Muslim charities that in turn gave money to al Qaeda , they should be held responsible for helping to finance the attacks .
The appeals court found that the defendants are protected under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act .
The court also noted that exceptions to the immunity rule do not apply because Saudi Arabia has not been designated a state sponsor of terrorism by the U.S. State Department .
WASHINGTON — Forget , for a second , the image of fat - cat plutocrats walking away with taxpayer money .
Forget the sound and fury on the talk shows and Internet .
Last week ’s eruption over the $ 700 billion financial rescue plan was also the climax of an eight - year tug - of - war between President Bush and Congress over who ’s really in charge in Washington .
It turns out neither is , at least not alone .
Although Congress allowed the administration to buy $ 700 billion in troubled securities , it made sure to impose its will on the program first .
Rather than the three - page draft by Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. , seeking nearly unchecked power to save the economy , lawmakers crafted a 450 - page alternative to keep some control of the process .
No more bended - knee deference to unilateral executive authority .
Congress insisted on being a full partner .
Yet for all the safeguards built into the new program , at the end of the day , it still gives the administration extraordinary latitude , making Mr. Paulson the most powerful Treasury secretary in generations .
So , after eight years of claiming vast autonomy to act as he saw fit , the president who popularized the term “ unitary executive ” is wrapping up his tenure still fighting to expand the scope of his office while Congress and the courts struggle to set boundaries .
The office Mr. Bush will leave on Jan. 20 in many ways will be stronger than the one he inherited in 2001 .
The executive branch now has broader authority to investigate and detain suspected terrorists , and the president aggressively asserted the ability to interpret as he chooses the bills he signs .
But he has also been forced to back off some of the most sweeping claims of power , and even some former advisers say that by overreaching , he will leave his successor a weaker office in the long run .
Welcome !
Y ou have arrived at
Tweakheadz Lab's GUIDE to the
Home and Project Studio
How to put together a less expensive Recording Studio that Rivals Professional Studio Sound OK , so you are new .
You have an idea of making and producing your own music .
And you feel inspired .
Perhaps you are a seasoned musician , tired of paying someone else to produce your music .
Perhaps you are building a studio to record your band .
Or you are into producing audio for video , film , podcasts .
Maybe you have nothing more than a spark , the urge to create , a desire to fulfill a sense of artistic vision .
It 's Cool .
You are welcome at the lab .
You have found the right place and good people .
We are here to help you build your own recording studio , your own laboratory for creative projects that works perfectly within your needs and budget .
All the rules have changed in the past few years for putting together a recording studio and they keep changing .
It used to be that you needed expensive multi-track recorders and mixdown machines , a roomful of outboard gear and processors , and more cables than you would want to count .
What is this Guide ?
Consider the Guide as a classroom and each article a lesson .
The Guide is a series of articles .
It starts with the core basics of modern music technology and progresses through advanced concepts of studio production .
There are approximately 75 classes which you can see on the sidebar to the left .
Of course , you still can make a large studio with tons of outboard gear ( which sounds better than ever ) , or you can let computers and modern digital multi track machines replace hundreds of functions that used to require separate hardware units .
We are not talking about a cheap , hissy , unprofessional sound , like we used to get with old 4 track cassette studios .
Those days are gone .
With the dawn of modern recording software ( called sequencers ) , with their full - featured digital mixers built right into software , you can expect your sound to rival the big boys in the studios downtown .
Yes .
It 's true !
For a modest investment in microphones , preamps , audio interfaces and software you can be well on your way .
I 'm going to tell you all about today 's gear , tell you what you need and what you do n't need , give you strategies for gear acquisition that are tried and true , and show you where you can save money and exactly where you should not compromise .
When you see this " TweakSpeak " Icon , you know important terms are defined or F.A.Q are answered .
What is a Recording Studio ?
A Recording Studio is a number of devices that allow you to capture different " takes " of performances and assemble them into a finished audio product .
It includes microphones , recorders , instruments , a mixer and audio processors .
With the exception of microphones , these may come in software forms as well as hardware .
What is a Sequencer ?
A sequencer is a computer application that allows you to record both digital audio and MIDI data and blend the sounds together in it 's software mixing console .
There are editing tools that let you control every aspect of the production down to very fine details .
Effects and processors of high quality are increasingly being added to these applications .
The modern sequencer now can fulfill many recording studio functions that were possible only in expensive studios a decade a go .
Cakewalk SONAR
Home Studio ( Windows )
Sonar Home Studio 7 is the easiest way to turn your PC into a full - fledged music production studio .
From start to finish , Sonar Home Studio will help you capture your creativity and share it with the world .
With Sonar Home Studio you can record live instruments , vocals , or any audio source .
You can easily edit audio , MIDI , and music notation .
The updated Loop Explorer gives you the tools to build backing tracks faster than ever .
What is a multi- track recorder A multi- track recorder is a recording device that allow you to record audio directly to separate tracks .
Once all the tracks are added , they can be mixed down to a stereo master recording .
Today 's digital multi-tracks have built in effects so you can add varying amounts to each track .
The major difference between a hardware multi-track recorder and a computer sequencer is that the sequencer can record and edit MIDI data and the multi- track cannot .
Boss BR - 1600 CD 16 - Track Digital Studio
The BR - 1600CD Digital Recording Studio combines BOSS famous , easy - to - use interface with eight XLR inputs for recording eight tracks simultaneously .
This affordable 16 - track recorder comes loaded with effects for guitars and vocals ; including COSM
What is MIDI ?
MIDI is a form of computer data that keyboards and computers can send back and forth that turn on notes .
You can write musical notes on a computer screen and the data turns notes on and off on the keyboard or sound module .
Likewise you can play notes on your keyboard and the computer will " record " these commands to turn on and off notes .
But do n't think just because you have the gear you will sound like a million bucks , automatically .
No , my friend , it does not work that way .
You need to understand music to write music and you need to know how to use the gear or software that you have as tools .
Talent is important , and there are many talents required to make a full production .
But that does n't mean you need to know how to play an instrument , like the keyboard , with proficiency .
Basically , we consider the studio itself to be a musical instrument .
Like any instrument , you get good by practicing , trying different things , experimenting , mimicking , tweaking , mixing ....
After a while , it dawns on you that making music is a craft , the mixer is its workbench , and the studio is it 's laboratory .
You supply the creativity , your musicality , your quest for musical beauty .
You capture your tracks then tweak it down to a work of art .
This process is the focus of TweakHeadz Lab .
The goal of the studio tweak is to create art in its highest form of expression .
The great masters of the recording arts learned their techniques by devoting their lives creating , capturing and tweaking sound .
These secrets are hard earned , and used to be passed down from the pros to their apprentices at big studios .
You would set up microphones , sweep the floor , run for coffee and take out the trash , then , one day they let you help them at the console .
Those days are almost gone .
TweakHeadz Lab is the modern day equivalent of that apprenticeship .
If you read my articles carefully you will find many secrets of audio production .
Of course , I do n't know everything , no person does .
but I do know a lot .
Enough to get you on your path .
In your recording studio , you get to have three roles -- musician ( as creator and performer ) , audio engineer , and producer .
What stands between you and the masters is simply knowledge and experience .
Their knowledge translates directly -- the tools in the modern software studio have the same names and functions as the classic hardware machines in a pro facility and are used in the same way .
The big studios downtown have compressors , limiters , vocal processors , delays , reverbs , equalization , multi track recorders , computer automation and massive consoles that hook it all together .
If you have a modern software package or hardware digital multitrack , you have all these tools too .
They know exactly when and how to use EQ to clean up a track , when to use compression , the precise place to put reverb in the mix , how to record vocals , guitars , drums and how to level everything to make a stunning audio image .
I am going to be your guide to acquiring all these skills .
Tweak 's studio at midnight 2009 I will tell you the things that you absolutely must know for music production in a clear , simple , even entertaining way .
While much of this knowledge is technical , I 'll avoid bogging you down with unnecessary technical details .
We are not flying to Mars here ( except maybe musically ) , so we can have a little fun .
After all , our music is something we want people to enjoy .
Because you may be running your studio on a computer , we 'll cover that too .
You need to know how to tweak your computer as well as you know how to tweak your musical score .
Then there is the matter of Understanding MIDI and digital audio and how these work together ( yes they ARE different ) .
This is a core concept underpinning how the contemporary computer - based home studio works , so we 'll get to that first .
While knowledge is technical , results can be artistic .
Think of it this way , in your hands is the most powerful musical instrument human beings ever invented .
It is so powerful that human beings have only begun to tap into its possibilities .
You can do 100 track scores with hundreds of instruments playing together if you want .
Its as vast as your musical mind and has the capability of sounding better than your store bought CDs .
If you have musical inspiration and technical know - how , you have the boundless universe of musical form at your fingertips .
A dream ?
Yes , but with effort and a good guide , it 's a dream that comes true .
Do n't Just Read , Talk to People : Browse down the left frame of this page to the topics you are interested in .
At any time you can jump to a forum specifically devoted to the topic .
At the bottom of nearly every class you will see a link that says :
Want to talk about this topic ?
Join the discussion at Studio - Central !
Since this is the newbie topic the above link will take you directly to discussions among newbies .
The Mic page takes you to the forum on Microphones .
By jumping back and forth , you can read the basics here in the Guide , jump over to relevant questions and answers and learn really quickly .
How did I come up with these articles ?
Well , I have been asked questions on building home studios for over 15 years .
I have answered thousands of emails and wrote these so I could direct people to these answers rather than write everything out again .
Who is Tweak ?
That 's me !
I have studied music , philosophy and sociology and have a graduate degree in the latter .
I 've spent much of my life teaching by day and learning the recording arts by night .
I 've been doing recordings on computers since the first sequencers came out and as you see by the list , I have a lot to show you .
I started this site back in 1996 and am constantly improving it , thanks to your support .
Tweak 's Studio Oct 2007 How
You can support the TweakLab
If you like these articles and I have helped you out , may I suggest buying your gear at zZounds or SameDayMusic from my product links ?
Please enable your browser to accept cookies and I will get credit for anything you purchase at these stores .
These stores only operate in the USA and Canada .
People from other countries can support TweakHeadz Lab by paypal .
TweakHeadz lab is an expensive operation in both money and time and needs your support to survive .
To those who have supported the TweakLab in the past , you have my thanks .
With your help , this site has become what it is today .
Buying at zZounds or SameDayMusic is better than buying at many other stores .
They both have an easy return policy on most items too , in case you have trouble with what you buy .
What could be better ?
You get a great store , the right price , EZ returns and you support one of the best user supported sites on the internet .
OK Lets get started !
Real Newbies with No Experience will want to
check out the " Fast Overview " or if you think you can handle it
Go to the Studio 101 Class Best of luck in your studio enterprise !
I am , Rich the TweakMeister Cool Quote : " Music � can name the unnamable and communicate the unknowable . "
Leonard Bernstein ( 1918 -90 ) American Composer in The Unanswered Question © 1999-2020 tweakheadz.com
I just wrote this this morning , and am hoping to get some feedback on it .
I think it ’s pretty self - explanatory :
This distinction , between the life - affirming and the life - denying , is the basis for Nietzsche ’s revaluation of values .
To get a sense of how this revaluation works , imagine somehow being put in charge of some intergalactic zoo filled with all kinds of animals , including human beings .
It is your job not just to provide natural habitats for the animals , but to showcase each species ’ abilities and talents .
Your employers , for whatever reason , want to see the most powerful specimens of all the species .
When it comes to human beings , what will you do ?
You will have to examine what capacities for strength each human being has .
Your concern is not simply physical strength , but intellectual and emotional as well .
You will try to cultivate humans who are cunning , brave , unpredictable , stealthy , creative , tough , patient , and unrestrained by “ dos ” and “ don’ts ” .
They will be at times violent and mocking .
If the exhibit is to showcase all strengths , your humans should be artists as well , creating works that stand as emblems for the species .
In all , you will want to know all the capacities humans can have , and find ways to strengthen those capacities in your specimens as much as possible .
You will want to diminish and eliminate any signs of weakness , timidity , fear , stupidity , and passivity .
Your sole standard will not be “ Is this what God or the Church would approve ? ” , but instead : “ Is this a strength ? ”
By Adam Brookes
BBC News , North Carolina
John McCain was in North Carolina on Monday to rally support North Carolina - no matter which way it votes on 4 November - is already an electoral surprise .
George W Bush won the state in 2004 by 12 % - a huge margin .
North Carolinians have not voted for a Democratic presidential candidate since 1976 .
Yet , if we believe the polls , Barack Obama is now running neck and neck with John McCain .
Pollster.com , which calculates an average of local polling results , puts Mr Obama at 47.9 % and Mr McCain at 47.2 % .
Those numbers strongly suggest that the Democrats have gained a lot of support in North Carolina .
And they are forcing the Republicans to spend time and money defending a state where many assumed McCain would win easily .
So how did reliably conservative North Carolina suddenly become a battleground ?
Shaving the voters Demographics are important .
The last few years have seen an influx of urban professionals into new technology centres in the cities of Raleigh and Durham .
Charlotte 's growth into a financial centre has attracted them , too , and many will be Democrats .
North Carolinians , conservative as they may be by history and temperament , are not immune to disillusion with the Bush administration , either .
But if you ask the Obama campaign staff , they will tell you - in that cool , slightly secretive tone that they seem to adopt with the press - that their local campaign organisation is the magic ingredient .
A visit to the No Grease Barber 's Shop on the outskirts of Charlotte , North Carolina , gives a sense of what they mean .
The owners , Damian and Jermaine Johnson , with the Obama campaign 's encouragement , have been registering voters for the past year at their three shops .
After every haircut and shave , customers are asked if they are registered to vote .
If not , they are handed the registration forms .
Damian estimates he has signed up a thousand new voters .
Most of them , he says , will be for Mr Obama .
Voter registration efforts like this one have gone on across the state .
An estimated 600,000 new voters could participate in this election in North Carolina , the majority of them Democrats .
It is easy to see how - in a state where 3.5 million people voted in 2004 - so many new voters can transform the electoral landscape .
" When you 're being informed by your peers on a day - to - day basis , it 's a whole different ball game , " says Damian .
" It 's the little things which make a big difference . "
Obama ' crews '
And once registered , the voter can expect the devoted attention of the Obama campaign .
At the field office in Charlotte , amid empty coffee cups and pizza boxes , we watched volunteers - many of them in their twenties - sift a sophisticated database of likely voters and make call after call late into the evening , cajoling known Obama supporters , arguing with the undecided , asking who needed assistance in getting to the polls .
" Turnout is going to be key in this election , " says Paul Cox , the spokesman for the Obama campaign in North Carolina .
" As soon as the polling places open we will have all our volunteers , all our staffers active in getting our voters to the polls . "
The state is dotted with what the Obama campaign calls " change crews " , 300 of them .
These are teams of volunteers under the management of campaign professionals who are meant to conduct targeted canvassing in neighbourhoods they know .
And the Obama campaign has resources .
It has reportedly spent about $ 5.2 m on television advertising here , while the McCain campaign has spent about $ 800,000 .
It is reported to have more than 300 paid , full - time staffers working in North Carolina .
The McCain campaign has 25 , we are told .
The Obama organisation is bigger , richer and more aggressive at the local level .
" It 's unparalleled , " says one Washington politico .
" I 've never seen a Democratic campaign this organised . "
' Taken for granted '
The McCain campaign in North Carolina seemed shocked by the Obama insurgency in their reliably conservative state .
In Gaston County , close to Charlotte , the Young Republicans had organised an evening rally with food , music and games .
They had hoped for 500 people but the weather was dicey and only about 70 turned up .
When the Republican Congresswoman Sue Myrick spoke , she sounded downbeat and defensive .
" This year is really going to be a tough one for everybody , " she told the attendees .
" The Democrats are out - registering us eight to one .
They have an active , active organisation . "
The crowd looked glum .
Privately , Republican organisers spoke of their frustration and of a lack of direction coming from the McCain campaign .
" We 've already lost the youth vote to Obama , " said one .
" They just have so many resources . "
At a McCain campaign office in Cornelius , the Republican Senator Richard Burr stopped by to thank volunteers for their work .
Here , the average campaign worker is perhaps 50 or 60 years old .
And the average campaign worker sounded disgruntled .
One asked the senator why Mr McCain was " so awkward and halting " in his attacks on Mr Obama .
The senator acknowledged that Mr McCain needed to " come out on the offence " .
Everyone we spoke to attributed Mr Obama 's success thus far in North Carolina to his local organisation .
" Your neighbour , on your doorstep , saying ' I am like you and I am for Obama ' or ' I am for McCain ' : that makes an enormous difference with undecided voters , " said Professor Ted Arrington of the University of North Carolina .
" And Obama has people out doing that now .
McCain does not , because he took this state for granted . "
It is far from certain that Mr Obama will carry North Carolina .
His campaign believes that local organisation can turn an election .
In three weeks we will know if that calculation was correct .
He has already rattled the Republicans .
And at the very least , he appears to have turned a reliably Republican state into a battleground .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The MOTOROLA AURA – world ’s first 16 - million color circular display mobile .
This affluence cellphone boasts a Swiss - made main bearing , 62 - carat shapphire crystal lens , stereo Bluetooth , 2.0 - megapixel camera , quad - band GSM connectivity , microUSB port , multimedia player , a microSD card slot and up to 7.3 hours of talk time or 400 hours in standby .
Motorola AURA weights 140 gram .
you can pre-order today at the MOTO STORE , priced at $ 1999.99 , and phone will available from 4th December .
but i wounder who ’s going to get this $ 2000 phone , will you ?
via
Online Converter
Fill out one of the fields and click Calculate ...
Distance & Length km m cm mm µm ( Micrometre ) Fathom Danish foot Danish inch Nautical mile Miles Yards Feet Inches Feet ' + Inches " ' " Angstrom Parsec Lightyear Astronomical unit
Pressure Pascal Hectopascal Bar mbar ( millibar ) psi ( pound per square inch ) Torr ( mm mercury ) mm H 2 O ( 4°C ) Atmosphere
Morse Code Text Morse Period (. ) for dot
Hyphen ( -) for dash
/ = Separator between letters
// = Space between words
Weight & Mass
Ton kg g mg Pound ( lb/lbs ) Ounce ( oz ) Stone ( st )
Area & Space km2 m2 cm2 mm2 feet2 ( Square Feet ) Are Hectare Acre Tønder land ( Nordic measure of land )
Energy & Work Joule Kilowatt hour ( kWh ) kcal Electronvolt ( eV )
Bytes & Bits byte kB ( kilobyte ) MB ( megabyte ) GB ( gigabyte ) TB ( terabyte )
Bit kbit ( kilobit ) Mbit ( megabit ) Gbit ( gigabit ) Tbit ( terabit ) bytes based on computer storage ( 1 kB = 1024 bytes )
bits based on data transfer rates in network speeds ( 1 kbit = 1000 bits )
Currency more ...
EUR USD GBP CAD CHF AUD MXN other AED ANG ARS AUD BDT BGN BHD BND BOB BRL BWP CAD CHF CLP CNY COP CRC CZK DKK DOP DZD EGP EUR FJD GBP HKD HNL HRK HUF IDR ILS INR JMD JOD JPY KES KRW KWD KZT LBP LKR LTL MAD MDL MKD MUR MVR MXN MYR NAD NGN NIO NOK NPR NZD OMR PEN PGK PHP PKR PLN PYG QAR RON RSD RUB SAR SCR SEK SGD SLL THB TND TRY TTD TWD TZS UAH UGX USD UYU UZS VEF VND XOF YER ZAR
Speed m/s ( meters per second ) km/h ( kilometers per hour )
Knot mph ( miles per hour ) Beaufort ( wind )
Time Second Minute Hour Day Week Year
Temperature Celsius Kelvin Fahrenheit
Power Watt kW Horsepower
Volume Litre Decilitre Centilitre Millilitre km3 ( Cubic kilometre ) m3 ( Cubic metre ) dm3 ( Cubic decimetre ) cm3 ( Cubic centimetre ) mm3 ( Cubic millimetre ) Tablespoon ( tbs ) Teaspoon ( tsp ) Cup ( metric ) Cup ( US ) Pint ( UK ) Fluid ounce ( UK ) Fluid ounce ( US ) Bucket ( UK ) Bucket ( US ) Barrel ( UK ) Barrel ( US dry ) Barrel ( US fluid ) Barrel ( US oil ) Inch3 ( Cubic inch ) Foot3 ( Cubic foot ) Yard3 ( Cubic yard ) Mile3 ( Cubic mile ) Gallon ( US ) Gallon ( UK ) Container 20 " Container 40 " Container 40 " HC
Illustration by David Simonds
WORRYING about the next big thing in high - tech may seem otherworldly just now .
The world is flirting with recession and IT is likely to suffer badly as a result ( see article ) .
Yet this will not stop a shift that promises to affect everyone ( see our special report this week ) .
Computing is fast becoming a “ cloud ” — a collection of disembodied services accessible from anywhere and detached from the underlying hardware .
The chances are that much of business and everyday computing will one day be mediated by this ethereal cloud .
This presents a paradox .
On one hand , computing will be a borderless utility .
Technically , it need not matter whether your data and programs are stored down the road or on the other side of the world ; everything will look as if it is happening on the screen in front of you .
On the other , geography still matters .
The data centres that contain the cloud , each often the size of several football pitches , can not be built just anywhere .
They need cheap power , fibre - optic cables , a chilly climate and dry air ( otherwise you have to remove heat and humidity , which do horrible things to electronics ) .
Good sites are scarce .
Iceland fits the bill .
Google is even thinking of building floating data centres , cooled by seawater and powered by the waves .
The legal and political issues are thornier .
Even more than previous cross - border utilities , such as the telephone and the internet , the cloud will be a cosmopolitan prisoner to laws that are mainly local .
Personal information will be nowhere and everywhere , but most privacy laws still assume that data resides in one place .
It is the same with obscenity , hate crime and libel .
And online crooks can easily jump from one jurisdiction to another , whereas the authorities from different countries have yet to learn how to co-operate .
The danger is less that the cloud will be a Wild West than that it will be peopled by too many sheriffs scrapping over the rules .
Some enforcers are already stirring up trouble , threatening employees of online companies in one jurisdiction to get their employers based in another to fork over incriminating data for instance .
Several governments have passed new laws forcing online firms to retain more data .
At some point , cloud providers may find themselves compelled to build data centres in every country where they do business .
There is a balance to be struck here between sovereignty and efficiency .
If democracies decide to ban certain types of speech or to protect their citizens ' data , they must be able to enforce their rules .
Yet at the same time , the more the cloud is lassoed with regulation , the more its costs will grow .
That would be a loss .
The cloud 's main promise is to make computing cheaper using huge economies of scale .
Such savings promise to help countless smaller firms in developing countries , say , to benefit from IT and the productivity gains it creates .
The dearth of distance
It will not be easy to strike the balance , but at the very least governments can enhance efficiency without threatening their own sovereignty .
Countries could sign up to a global minimum standard in areas such as privacy .
Law - enforcement agencies from different countries could foster the habit of co-operation .
Governments need to be sure that standards are not just an underhand way of keeping the data business within their own borders .
Even then , some national differences are bound to endure , so cloud - computing services will have to take place on systems designed to cope .
For instance , Microsoft , which is building a global computing platform , is designing a system that can accommodate some regulation , such as keeping data within national borders .
The cloud may be global , but the climate will sometimes be local .
Video :
A toy boat demonstrates how waves benath the sea ’s surface can invisibly slow a ship ’s progress Video :
A toy boat demonstrates how waves benath the sea ’s surface can invisibly slow a ship ’s progress
In 1893 , Norwegian explorer Fridtjof Nansen and his ship Fram were victims of a strange phenomenon as he sailed past the Nordenskiöld Archipelago , north of Siberia .
Nansen wrote afterwards : “ Fram appeared to be held back , as if by some mysterious force , and she did not always answer the helm
We made loops in our course , turned sometimes right around , tried all sorts of antics to get clear of it , but to very little purpose . ”
Nansen called the effect “ dead water ” , reporting that it slowed Fram to a quarter of her normal speed .
Research has already shown that dead water occurs when an area of water consists of two or more layers of water with different salinity , and hence density – for example , when fresh water from a melting glacier forms a relatively thin layer on top of denser seawater .
Waves that form in the hidden layer can slow the boat with no visible trace .
Advertisement
Now French scientists recreating that scenario in a lab tank have revealed new detail of the phenomenon and even captured the effect on video .
The work will help scientists to better understand dead water and the behaviour of stratified sea patches .
Silent stalker
Physicist Thierry Dauxois and colleagues from the University of Lyon found that a hidden wave at the interface of the layers invisibly chases and slows a boat ( see video , top right ) .
The toy boat is pulled across the 300 - centimetre tank with a constant force by a cable .
The water is separated into two layers of different saltiness and hence density , labelled with dye .
Just as described by people who have experienced dead water in the real world , the water ’s surface is smooth , but the boat suddenly slows as the concealed wave makes contact .
“ It creates a depression below the boat that prevents it from moving , ” team member Matthieu Mercier told New Scientist .
Swimming hazard ?
It is the boat itself that initiates the wave – water from the layers below is dragged upwards to fill in the gulf its wake .
That sets up an oscillation in the boundary between the layers , which gradually grows as the boat moves forward .
The wave gains size and speed until it , and the trough in front of it , eventually catch up with the boat and sapping its energy before the wave breaks against its side , Mercier says .
Although previous work on dead water considered two layers of water , the real ocean naturally separates into many different layers of slightly varying salinity .
When the researchers added a third layer of water to their experiments , hidden waves appeared at both boundaries , slowing the boat by about the same amount .
Studying the way these “ interfacial waves ” build and develop across the different layers could help scientists to understand real ocean dynamics – for example , how pollutants mix and percolate down to the depths of the ocean , says Dauxois .
Leo Mass , a physical oceanographer at Utrecht University , was the first to study dead water in detail .
He says the same effect may also explain how strong swimmers can experience unexpected difficulties in the ocean .
A paper on the Lyon group ’s research is available on the arXiv preprint server
Working to dampen the angry crowd meme , McCain tells his Minnesota rally to take it easy , Amie Parnes reports :
At a town hall in Minnesota , McCain tried to tone down a week of raucus , angry crowds after one man stood up and said : " We want you to fight . "
" The people here in Minnesota want to see a real fight .
We want a strong president to lead us through the next four years . "
" I think I got my marching orders , " McCain said .
But then he shifted tones .
" I am enthusiastic and encouraged by the enthusiasm and I think it 's really good , " McCain said .
" We have to fight and i will fight but we will be respectful .
I admire Sen. Obama and his accomplishments and I want to be respectful .
" I dont mean that you have to lose your ferocity .
I just mean you have to be respectful . "
A moment later , another woman stood up and urged McCain to speak up so voters " really have an understanding of who the candidates are . "
" There 's a difference between rhetoric and record , " McCain said , adding that Obama voted to raise taxes 94 times .
" He has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate , even more liberal than Bernie Sanders . "
Once again , McCain repeated , " I want all of you to tell your neighbors about the difference between rhetoric and record , but let 's do it respectfully . "
Despite some calls that a commodities bottom is nigh ( see Marc Faber , hat tip reader Megan ) , the Baltic Dry Index , a proxy for international shipping and international manufacturing , continues an alarming fall .
While the BDI is known for false positives about trends in economic activity , the dramatic decline in BDi is partly the result of an inability of shippers to get banks to accept letters of credit from other banks .
As we have said before , if this pattern is not reversed , it is Smoot Hawley on steriods .
From Bloomberg :
The Baltic Dry Index , a measure of commodity - shipping rates , fell to the lowest in more than six years in London yesterday as slowing economic growth cuts demand to move coal , iron ore and steel .
Commodity shippers will begin to collapse within the next six months and “ significant ” numbers may fail within two years , according to Fearnley Fonds ASA , a specialized maritime investment bank .
“ Demand for commodities is definitely slowing down , ” Yu Mengguo , a senior analyst at Jinpeng International Futures Co. , said in a phone interview from Beijing today .
“ That ’s being reflected in tumbling prices , which we ca n’t see the bottom for right now . ”
Commodity prices are slumping worldwide on speculation a global economic slowdown will reduce demand .
The Reuters / Jefferies CRB Index , which tracks commodity futures prices for 19 raw materials , plunged to the lowest in four years yesterday .
The Baltic Dry Index fell 66 percent in the three months to Sept. 30 , the largest quarterly drop since the exchange began compiling the data .
The measure of commodity - shipping costs is down 62 percent so far this month at 1,221 points , after rising to a record high of 11,793 points on May 20 .
It fell for a 13th consecutive day yesterday .
Note that the BDI fell again today , to 1149 , which puts it more than 90 % below its May peak .
Reader John pointed to this article from Hellenic Shipping News , which reports that shipping companies are barely breaking even and some are keeping vessels idle :
The part of Senator John McCain ’s life story that his campaign has not wanted to talk about while his Naval career and prisoner of war status were accelerated was how he came into possession of the money and influence that enabled him to start his political career culminating with the Republican presidential nomination .
It was John McCain who launched an extra-marital affair with a woman linked to a leading American fortune .
After John married Cindy his political career was given a rocket thrust by his father in law , a multimillionaire brewery distribution heir .
He left his first wife following her serious injury in an automobile accident .
So now it is John McCain along with his “ do anything that I ’m asked to do ” running mate wearing Neiman Marcus and leading designer labels characteristically unlike her “ Soccer Mom ” self - cultivated image who endlessly shriek about Barack Obama and his roaring pursuit of socialism .
The same McCain who at one point could not even remember how many houses he owned and owns even more personal vehicles than homes laments about the fate that “ Joe the Plumber ” will suffer under Obama as he and Palin repeatedly decry income re-distribution .
According to both the dictionary definition as well as that taught at colleges and universities throughout the world , socialism embodies government control and distribution .
Under socialism in its so - called purer form , meaning its most extensive application , private ownership is jettisoned in favor of a communal pattern .
In more typical practical terms what defines a government as socialistic is the degree to which public as opposed to private ownership applies .
A more extensive form of socialism was advocated in the United States for years by the Socialist Labor Party .
Norman Thomas was one of America ’s notable twentieth century socialist intellectuals and a frequent candidate for president and an earlier Nader - like alternative to the two party system for those who favored more active federal government economic participation and control , as had been Eugene V. Debs before him .
Thomas later conceded once that the New Deal of Franklin Delano Roosevelt began implementing sweeping programs , instituting Social Security and rural electrification through the Tennessee Valley Authority and other similar programs , as well as government regulation through creation of the Securities and Exchange Commission , the basic goals he sought had been implemented .
The Republican right did not even need Thomas ’ favorable comment to pounce on Roosevelt as well as later Democratic presidential successors Harry Truman and John F. Kennedy as purveyors of “ socialism . ”
As Kennedy asserted when he ran against Richard Nixon for president in 1960 , 90 percent of Republicans in Congress opposed Social Security when it was proposed and passed under Roosevelt ’s leadership in 1935 .
At the time Kennedy was running and advocating Medicare , a program that would not come to fruition until his successor Lyndon Johnson spirited such legislation through Congress in 1965 , 30 years after the landmark Social Security Act , the same 90 percent Republican congressional opposition level occurred .
What did Republicans loudly lament in each instance ?
They decried each program as “ socialism . ”
The same charge was leveled against stalwart conservative Republican President William Howard Taft when he supported and had implemented protective anti-childhood labor legislation .
Taft signed the landmark act establishing the Child Labor Bureau way back in 1912 .
Successful democratic governments internationally have operated under what is known in economic circles as a mixed economy model .
Under such a model a mixture of government regulation and ownership exists alongside a pattern of capitalist ownership .
Such ownership is subject to government regulation .
Until a point is established where public ownership and control exists such a system is not classifiable as socialist .
Politicians such as John McCain have demagogued the socialist charge to absurd depths .
McCain has proudly proclaimed fellow Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater , the Republican 1964 presidential nominee , and President Ronald Reagan as political heroes .
Senator Goldwater during his landmark and ideologically defined campaign against President Lyndon Johnson , along with Reagan as faithful surrogate , denounced Medicare legislation that President Johnson strongly supported as “ socialistic . ”
It is noteworthy that McCain while in the United States Navy as well as during his better than a generation on the federal government payroll as a congressman and senator has freely accepted health care plans that his two political role models Goldwater and Reagan denounced as “ socialistic ” when applied to the general citizenry .
_______
Bill Hare
In a few weeks , my 20th anniversary Dilbert book comes out , titled Dilbert 2.0 .
I ’ll tell you more about that later .
As part of the promotion for the book , I made a video of how I draw Dilbert on my computer and posted it on Amazon.com .
Check it out .
http://www.amazon.com/Dilbert-2-0-20-Years/dp/0740777351
The rest of this post is for art nerds who care about this sort of thing .
I ’ll see the rest of you tomorrow .
The equipment you see me using is a Wacom Cintiq 21 ux .
Here ’s a page that describes it
http://www.wacom.com/cintiq/21UX.cfm
It ’s attached to a plain Windows PC running XP .
The software is Photoshop .
I created my own font for the lettering , using a commercial font creation packages .
I forget which one .
Obviously I started my career drawing on paper , with the first draft in pencil , and then inking over the pencil lines .
The dot pattern used for shading was a sort of decal you could buy at high end art stores .
You placed the decal on your art and then used an X - Acto knife to cut it to fit .
It was a tedious process , and took about twice as long as my current method .
When finished , I would take a photocopy and mail the original to United Media in New York .
The flaw in this process is that once the local Post Office figures out who you are , the original art starts disappearing .
So the next step involved scanning the originals and e-mailing them , which took forever with the computers of the day .
The next phase in the tool evolution involved drawing the basic art on paper , then scanning it into the computer to finish .
Once scanned , I used Photoshop just to clean up stray lines , add the shading with a “ fill ” command , and do the lettering .
I created my own dot pattern for the fills , through trial and error .
During those years I used a Macintosh for the art , and a PC for everything else , partly to be compatible with licensees .
Every Mac
I owned was a lemon , crashing ten times a day on average .
My Windows machines were all relatively sturdy , so I moved everything to Windows and things have been great since .
( You do n’t need to tell me your Mac never crashes .
I know . )
About four years ago I moved to a fully paperless process , using the Cintiq 21 ux .
It took me about three months to get the hang of drawing on screen .
It ’s an entirely different feel , scale , and process .
I still draw a first draft , as you will see in the video .
It ’s hard to tell , but the lines of the rough art are jaggy because of the scale I use to draw it .
The rough art is in its own “ layer , ” which is Photoshop lingo .
When I ’m happy with the rough art , I click on the layer and change the opacity of the lines to about 25 % .
That makes the rough look like a light gray line .
I do that so that when I do the final art in another layer , the black lines of the final are easy to distinguish from the lighter lines of the rough draft below it .
I zoom to 200 % for the final art , and use the paintbrush tool at size 6 , with 25 % hardness , giving the lines a smooth look .
The starting file is 600 dpi , grayscale .
The comic size is about 2 ” x 7 ” with some extra white space around the perimeter .
You can draw in any size that is proportional to the finished product .
It took some trial and error to figure out what works best for me .
The daily strips are colored by an outside firm .
I color the Sunday strips myself , in Photoshop .
It takes about ten minutes , mostly just using the paint bucket took and clicking a color into each area .
Before I add the color , I convert from grayscale to bitmap then back to grayscale and up to CMYK .
The detour to bitmap makes the color fills cleaner , going all the way to the black lines without leaving a little border .
Most syndicated cartoonists still draw on paper , then scan the art and e-mail it to their syndication company .
They ’re going to be pissed when they see this video and realize how much extra work they have been doing .
[ ruby - core : 18437 ]
Class as second - generation singleton class を読んだ当初は、特異クラスのクラス が
Class ってことでええやん！と思ったのですが、改めて調べてみるとどうやら必ずしもすべての特異クラスが
Class に属するわけではないようで（かつ、確認する過程で、id:sumim:20080111:p1
の間違いを見つけてしまったり、id:sumim:20061019:p1
の謎が解けたりもしたので）、この機会に表題の件についていったん図にして自分なりに理解を整理しておくことに。
関連：
Ruby で、クラスのメタ階層の情報を得る際の注意として 、Ruby の #ancestors は隠しごとをするし（特異クラスは通常は不可視）、#class と # superclass はレシーバが特異クラスであっても正確な情報を返さないので、これらはほとんどあてにならないということを知っておく必要があります（#superclass に関して は
、1.9 では建前と実際が一致するようになったみたいです）。あと、class
<< self ; self end のイディオムは特異クラスがないときに作ってそれを返してくる副作用（というか本来の機能）があることも忘れてはいけないでしょう。
こうした制約の下で 、Ruby のオブジェクト（主にクラスや特異クラス）が見かけ上ではなく本当に属していクラスを知るには evil - ruby に yugui さんのパッチを当てることで利用でき る
#actual_class、#actual_superclasss を使うのが良さそうです。ただ残念ながら、手元の環境では evil - ruby が 1.9 でうまく動かなかったので、1.8 で調べた結果をもとに、あとは手探り（適当なクラスへのメソッドの追加とそれを起動可能か否かのチェック）で
1.9 での違いがないか確認しつつ（yugui さんも書いておられるとおり両者に
BasicObject 以外の違いはなかったわけですが…）まとめた結果が次の図です。
That information is old .
The hierarchy was already changed .
Thank sumim for the article .
it helped us to decide the new hierarchy .
I ’ll post an article describing the new hierarchy .
Yugui ― 26 September 2008 Hierarchy of class and metaclass in Ruby 1.9 - RubyFlow
黒矢印が クラス←インスタンス関係を、赤矢印が継承パスを示しています。最初の一階層だけ黒い矢印を上り、あとはそこから連なる赤い矢印を連続してたぐることで、メソッドサーチを脳内でシミュレートできます。なお、グレイはそれが特異クラス（あとで示す
Squeak Smalltalk ではメタクラス）であることを示しています
#actual_ * を使って調べるまでは、#class 、#superclass の結果につられて Smalltalk とそっくりの構成で四層を成す…などと思い込んで書いてしまっていたのですが、実際にはずいぶんと違っていて
BasicObject 、Object 、Module とそれ以外のクラスでは階層がシフトしたり同じ階層にクラスと特異クラス（メタクラス）が混在したりして、Smalltalk よりずっと雑然としていることが分かりました。
参考まで 、Squeak Smalltalk ではこんな感じ。
ちなみに Ruby でも、特異クラスが # class で返す結果に従って描くと、見かけ上は階層ごとに整理された
Smalltalk のそれとよく似た結果が得られます 。
Computing Thoughts
The Next Phase of the Internet
by Bruce Eckel
August 12 , 2008
Summary
A non-Web - 2.0 ( TM O'Reilly , Inc. ) way of looking at it .
Advertisement
First there was the Internet , and then came the possibility of putting up web pages .
People started making pages containing lists of other pages that they liked , and that 's how you found those pages .
Essentially , by word of mouth .
Pretty soon there were far too many pages for people to find by word of mouth .
We needed a way to search for things on the web .
All the users knew this long before the first search engines appeared , and when those showed up they were pretty sucky .
Understandably , the companies creating these search engines were concerned about how they were going to make money doing it , and this may have been more of a concern than creating a good search engine .
Finally , Google came along with clever ways to do search and a way to monetize : targeted advertising .
The jury is still out on whether this advertising is all that effective , but it seems obviously better to give people links to what they might be interested rather than slamming an ad for your thing in front of absolutely everyone .
I remember when Google first appeared ; I found out by someone telling me , in person .
Other companies eventually realized that people wanted to actually search for what they wanted and so fixed their competing search engines ( in particular , those engines that gave higher priority to paying advertisers without telling you stopped , or went out of business ) .
In the meantime , the number of pages have continued to grow exponentially or geometrically or by some other power function .
And the effectiveness of Google searches has been diminishing for awhile now .
If you 're looking for something , you have to put more and more work into finding what you really want .
( Web 2.0 , which seems primarily to be " a way for users to put information back into the web , " has only had the effect of adding more pages to the Internet , so it 's part of the problem ) .
At the same time , newspapers , once the gatekeepers of information , have not been able to cope and are rapidly going out of business ( albeit with thrashing along the way , but without any hope that they will reinvent themselves to fit into the Web ) .
First to go are the people who 've been paid to collect news and give perspective on events ; last to go are the advertising folks .
Apparently even television viewing has taken a big impact because of the Web .
It 's even possible that people have started to trust the opinions of random people on the Web more than they do those of television news -- as if they suspect that advertisers are influencing the news .
So people are going to the web for information , and the information - seeking machinery has already gotten creaky and is failing .
What do we need next so that we can continue to solve the problem ?
Not just searching , but filtering .
I 'm not sure how this will work , but we need it .
We have already seen some attempted solutions for the problem .
The most obvious one is people who make lists of things they have reviewed .
If you trust that person , you look at their list .
For example , Kevin Kelly 's Cool Tools is full of interesting things he and his group have researched ; I 've bought a number of items he has recommended .
I have also found the Best Free Software List to be invaluable .
Once you find reliable lists your life becomes vastly easier .
An essential aspect of recommendations is that you trust the person who is doing it .
The problem here is that if money changes hands , trust is reduced or eliminated , so how does the person make money for the time they invest ?
Dedicated amateurs are great but they can only do so much .
Google ads might become a sort of disinterested intermediary , but I have my doubts .
We 'll still use search engines , but those engines need the additional option of only searching trusted resources , things that can't be gamed .
There might also appear trust levels , at the top a human who has acquired some large number of " trust points " from users .
I think for any of this to work , we will need to solve the problem of digital identity .
As long as people can remain anonymous , everything can be gamed .
And it 's holding us back .
( I do n't advocate that you be identifiable , just that you have a unique identity so no one can pretend to be you , and you can't pretend to be thousands of people ) .
If nothing else , it could eliminate spam overnight .
Will Google solve the filtering problem ?
I wonder if they can , or whether they 've gotten stuck in the mire of their one trick .
Perhaps companies only ever get one trick , and then the success that ensues bogs them down with collective stupidity .
I 've heard hints of a lot of interesting ideas coming out of Google , but those ideas never seem to materialize .
For example , I 'm quite sure I once heard they were thinking of ads that only cost the advertiser when a customer purchases .
Would you have any trouble buying such an ad ?
It would be a no brainer , since you 'd be taking no risk at all .
This approach might be prevented by the lack of digital identity .
And Google is spending lots of time and effort preventing its search engine from being gamed , and dealing with AJAX issues -- things that do n't move it forward .
They seem to be making inroads against PayPal with their much - more - attractive Google Checkout , but I have n't seen many big improvements in that for awhile .
In general , the kinds of new things I 've seen from Google seem like those that could come from much smaller , less - well - funded companies .
From the user 's standpoint , the next big thing will be filtered , trusted information .
Although the existing players like Google and Yahoo would seem to be the ones that would pull this off ( oops , I forgot to mention Microsoft .
Why is that ? ) , it appears more likely that we 'll see it come from a new player with a fresh start on the problem .
( I shall continue to be vexed by the fact that the big , successful companies are n't going to create the next big innovation ) .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 16 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bruce Eckel adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bruce Eckel ( www.BruceEckel.com) provides development assistance in Python with user interfaces in Flex .
He is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice - Hall , 1998 , 2nd Edition , 2000 , 3rd Edition , 2003 , 4th Edition , 2005 ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM ( available on the Web site ) , Thinking in C++ ( PH 1995 ; 2nd edition 2000 , Volume 2 with Chuck Allison , 2003 ) , C++ Inside & Out ( Osborne / McGraw - Hill 1993 ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published over 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee and speaks regularly at conferences .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Bruce Eckel .
All rights reserved .
Several months later , the hedge funds went down the tubes , dragging Bear Stearns behind them .
After I graduated from college , Lehman Brothers hired me to help settle trades in complex derivatives , the very derivatives that led to the company ’s demise .
I helped resolve trading issues involving tens  hundreds  of millions of dollars .
Image Credit ...
Wesley Bedrosian
And now ?
Now from my desk here in the trenches , my colleagues and I watch CNBC reports on the collapse of Wall Street .
Over the months , we have watched our stock price plummet 99.8 percent , from $ 65 per share to 15 cents .
The news provides grist for the rumor mill .
I trade notes with my colleagues here .
Though some more senior people have lost their entire life savings , the steady stream of bad news and uncertainty are also difficult for those of us at the bottom of the Wall Street food chain .
It is dizzying .
Most of the time , in the office and out , I feel like I am on display , an object of pity or fascination .
Friends and family send frequent expressions of concern and empathy by phone , e-mail and text message .
Even though I had little  nothing , actually  to do with the real estate losses that led to Lehman ’s problems , or the hedge funds that precipitated Bear ’s demise , the only conclusion I can draw is that I ’m a jinx .
Prospective employers will take one look at my résumé and call security to escort me out the door lest my mere presence infect their otherwise healthy businesses .
The Wall Street Journal is reporting Paulson to Meet With U.S. Bank Chiefs .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson has called the top U.S. banking heads to a meeting today in Washington , people familiar with the matter said .
The 3 p.m. ET meeting at Treasury is being called while most of the banking chiefs are in Washington for meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
Expected to attend were banking executives including Ken Lewis , CEO of Bank of America , Jamie Dimon , CEO of J.P. Morgan Chase , Lloyd Blankfein , CEO of Goldman Sachs Group ; John Mack , CEO of Morgan Stanley ; Vikram Pandit , CEO of Citigroup ; and Robert P. Kelly , CEO of Bank of New York Mellon .
Earlier Monday , Interim Assistant Secretary for Financial Stability Neel Kashkari said the Treasury tapped law firm Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP to provide advice on taking equity stakes in banks .
Speaking to an international banking group , Mr. Kashkari detailed several steps the Treasury had taken to ramp up the so - called Troubled Asset Relief Program in the last 10 days , conveying that it is working with utmost speed on the rescue effort .
" A program as large and complex as this would normally take months -- or even years -- to establish .
We do n't have months or years , " Mr. Kashkari said .
" Hence , we are moving to implement the TARP as quickly as possible while working to ensure high quality execution . "
The speech were Mr. Kashkari 's first remarks since he was tapped by Mr. Paulson to head the $ 700 program .
A 35 - year - old former Goldman Sachs investment banker , he was chosen only last week to head the new so - called Office of Financial Stability .
Mr. Kashkari indicated that there was ample private - sector interest in assisting with the program .
More than 200 firms have applied to manage securities or whole loans under the program , he said .
The winning vendors will be chosen in the next few days .
Meanwhile , Treasury has narrowed its choice of firms to serve as custodian from 70 to 10 and will make a decision within the next 24 hours .
Mr. Kashkari said that Treasury has created seven policy teams to oversee different aspects of the $ 700 billion rescue .
They include teams to implement purchasing programs for mortgage - backed securities and whole loans as well as a program to insure financial firms ' toxic assets .
Three other teams will oversee efforts to help homeowners stay in their homes , design executive pay requirements for firms that participate in the program and run compliance .
Mr. Kashkari said Treasury last Friday began to solicit public comments on how to structure the insurance program .
Ideas will need to be submitted within 14 days , he said .
Kashkari Gives ‘ Comprehensive Update ’ on Rescue Plan
I am here today to provide a comprehensive update on the Treasury Department ’s progress in implementing the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
As you know , our credit markets are frozen and lending has become extremely impaired .
In recent months our government has taken strong and decisive actions , but a more systemic approach was needed .
Secretary Paulson and Chairman Bernanke asked Congress for extraordinary authorities to address the extraordinary challenges in our financial markets .
Every American depends on the flow of money through our financial system .
They depend on it for car loans , home loans , student loans and their individual family needs .
Congress recognized the threat frozen credit markets posed to Americans and to our economy as a whole .
On Friday October 3 , Congress passed and President Bush signed into law the bipartisan Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 .
...
Strategy , Implementation , Recruitment , Procurement
Essence Of The Rescue Plan
A program as large and complex as this would normally take months -- or even years -- to establish
The Left's Big Blunder
The disastrously counter - productive strategy of Obama 's supporters
October 15 , 2008
[ This essay now includes a post- election afterword at the bottom of the page . ]
Two campaigns are being waged right now for the presidency of the United States .
No , I 'm not talking about the Obama campaign and the McCain campaign .
I 'm talking about the real - world campaign and the meta - campaign .
The real - world campaign involves speeches and proposals and facts and scandals and political positions and news events .
These details , however , are becoming increasingly irrelevant , and have become subsumed by the meta - campaign , which consists of perceptions , polls , reactions , analyses and summations .
Until very recently , elections were decided by real - world facts -- but not anymore .
Facts and events in and of themselves are no longer important ; what 's important is how everyone reacts to them .
And how do we find out the public 's mood concerning this or that incident ?
Why , the media tells us , that 's how .
Or so we 've been led to believe .
We 're all part of the campaign now .
Every single one of us .
Our opinions , our actions , are bundled together as a group and used as weapons in the race for the White House .
When the media reports on what people think , either through public - opinion polling or reportage about anecdotal incidents , it becomes an endless feedback loop , in which the media 's representation of most people 's purported thoughts is supposed to influence everyone else 's thoughts .
And then they take another poll to determine how effective the first poll was in influencing public opinion , and the cycle starts all over again .
Since everyone now knows that any public expression of their political opinions might be reported by the media , even the most innocent activity becomes a calculated campaign action .
Saying how you intend to vote is not simply an expression of how you intend to vote , but rather a component of the public barometer of how the majority intends to vote , which is then used by the media and the blogs to influence everyone else .
Nothing is done in all innocence anymore .
It 's no longer a matter of dispute that the mainstream media , overall , very strongly leans to the left .
Over 90 % of journalists classify themselves politically as " liberal " to varying degrees , and innumerable instances of left - wing bias on the part of the media have been pointed out by bloggers over the years .
Yes , a small subset of media outlets are identifiably conservative , but they are vastly outnumbered , both in sheer numbers and in influence , by the liberal media .
This fact takes on intense importance in an era when the " news " becomes ( as it has become ) a subjective matter .
Nearly any fact or incident can be " spun " to Obama 's benefit .
Obama 's supporters and his official campaign have taken great advantage of this felicitous informational landscape -- first , that the meta - campaign trumps reality , and second , that the media is cooperative and complicit .
For example , after presidential debates , the leading left - wing blogs always coordinate massive online opinion - poll - stuffing campaigns .
After the Palin - Biden vice - presidential debate , the overwhelming consensus on conservative and centrist blogs was that Palin had won handily , and that Biden spoke mostly in a soporific monotone while spewing a continuous stream of easily debunked falsehoods .
And yet readers of DailyKos , the Huffington Post , Democratic Underground and dozens of other top left - wing blogs swarmed en masse to vote ( often repeatedly ) in mainstream online polls about the debate , so that afterward , CNN ( among many others ) could run headlines that said " 57 % Think Biden Won Debate , " basing their conclusion on the results of the online polls .
And once enough of these articles get published , then they themselves become " proof " of the debate 's supposed outcome , and before long ( often just a matter of hours ) it becomes a " fact " no longer up for discussion that Biden won the debate .
This fact is then referenced by pundits , and slips into supposedly neutral news stories .
The illusory quest for conformist decision - making in the 2008 presidential election
Say , for example , that you were an Obama supporter who watched the Vice Presidential debate and felt that Palin had done well and was a more effective debater than Biden -- though not well enough to change your mind about voting for the Obama - Biden ticket .
Immediately afterward you encounter an online poll , asking you to vote on who won the debate .
What do you do ?
I suspect that most , if not nearly all , Obama supporters would lie and still vote in the poll that Biden had won the debate , even though they felt that Palin had in fact defeated him .
But why do so ?
As an Obama supporter , you still want your candidate to win , so that every action you take should revolve around only one question :
Will this help Obama win ?
Probably unconsciously , people assume without really thinking about why , that if enough people say Biden won the debate , then a general consensus will be reached that Biden did win the debate , and as a result some vague category of Americans who up until that point had not been Obama supporters will change their allegiances and in reality vote for Obama - Biden on election day .
The Obama campaign itself also takes advantage of the sympathetic media to construct a facade of inevitability .
The campaign will stage - manage crowds and dictate camera angles so that Obama is seen to not only have overwhelming numbers of fans but the correct demographic proportion of fans ; the campaign will coordinate Obama appearances to coincide with rock concerts or other festivals so they can point to the huge crowds who showed up to watch Obama ; and the media plays right along .
McCain supporters often complain about this strategy by the Left , going to great pains to point out the poll stuffing , the deceptive photos , the crowd overestimation , the slanted media coverage , and so forth .
But should conservatives be so concerned ?
I propose that McCain supporters should be GLAD this is happening -- because the Left is in fact making a disastrous strategic blunder .
A substantial portion of the Left 's strategy during this campaign is to create the perception that as many people as possible are supporting Obama .
They strive to not simply show that he has a lot of supporters ( which , obviously , he has ) , but to purposely inflate or exaggerate the numbers in order to make his support seem larger than it really is .
The drive to do this seems almost automatic ; it is assumed by Obama 's supporters to be the most effective campaign strategy .
It 's so automatic that they perhaps are no longer even aware that it is a strategy .
But why ?
What purpose is possibly served by this behavior ?
Has anyone on the Left ever paused , stepped back , and asked , " Wait a minute -- why are we doing this ?
Are we sure it's the correct course of action ? "
Doing everything possible to inflate the perceived support of Democratic candidates has become so de rigueur that the Left has long ago forgotten why they 're even doing it .
This essay examines the underlying faulty assumptions of this strategy -- and shows why it 's not only counter - productive , but could backfire disastrously .
Who Does the Polling ?
A key component of this strategy is an over - reliance on polling , since poll numbers which show Obama apparently in the lead can be used to club undecided voters or McCain supporters into submission .
You 're all alone .
Nobody else thinks like you .
Your side is losing .
You 're out of touch .
Change your mind -- join the winning team .
But the polls may not reflect what we imagine they reflect .
The actual grunt - work of doing public - opinion polling is a low - paying job that does n't require much ( or any ) experience .
The people asking the " Who will you vote for ? " questions either sit in a room for hours on end making repetitive calls , or walk door - to - door in potentially dodgy neighborhoods -- not particularly high - end work .
Who would apply for and accept such a job ?
Not someone who already has a higher - paying job .
Not someone who has experience or skills that would allow them a better career or position .
Not someone who is middle - class or middle - aged .
Not someone who is wealthy .
Generally , I wager , college students , the under - employeed and / or the under - educated make up the majority of people who do the actual rubber - meets - the - road polling of asking the questions and writing down the answers .
Though there are no published statistics about the demoographics of pollers themselves , the fact that , for example , The Gallup Poll routinely recruits entry - level call - center employees on college campuses lends support to this supposition .
And , anecdotally , when I was a college student I briefly worked for a public - opinion call center doing this exact kind of job , and my fellow pollers were almost all college students or underemployed folks , some of whom only worked a limited number of hours per week so as to still qualify for government benefits .
Now , as we all know , college students ( especially these days ) are usually at the apex of left - wing sentiment in their lives ' political journey .
As has been documented extensively , people tend to get more conservative as they get older and acquire more responsibilities .
And contemporary college students are almost all being influenced toward leftist ideologies by the liberal atmosphere on most campuses .
Some will later grow out of it and slowly shift to the center or right , but while they 're in college , they 're in the thrall of their doctrinaire professors .
The Obama campaign itself brags that they have the under - 25 demographic locked up .
Furthermore , chronically underemployed or unemployed people also tend to support left - leaning and populist candidates -- especially candidates like Obama who are promising free health care , more government benefits , job programs in poor areas , and so on .
This is not a controversial supposition : it 's also been documented extensively that wealthy people tend to support Republicans who promise to lower taxes , and poorer people tend to support Democrats who promise more handouts .
So , I posit that the vast majority of people actually doing the polling are themselves Obama supporters .
Not necessarily the CEOs who own the polling companies , but the people actually picking up the phone and making the calls , or walking door - to - door .
This fact has potentially significant implications for the outcomes of polls .
Imagine , for a moment , that you were one of the rare McCain supporters in a polling call - center ; would n't you be a little depressed if person after person you called stated that they were intending to vote for Obama ?
How could you not be ?
But what if you were an Obama supporter working in that same call center ?
Would n't you be elated or enthused to hear the votes for Obama piling up ?
Of course you would .
Ah , but pollers are under strict instructions to not reveal their personal opinions to the people they 're polling .
And I 'm sure that most try to follow the rules .
But even if you grant that , say , 90 % of them manage to maintain complete neutrality , and not let some kind of expectation creep into their voice or attitude , that still leaves 10 % who might consciously or unconsciously be slanting the results .
And that 's all it would take to screw up a poll .
Even a 95 % honesty rate leaves room for 5 % bias in the results , which can be very significant in a close race like this one .
Yet I 'm not concerned about the 10 % or 5 % of pollers who consciously allow their personal opinion to slip into the conversation .
I 'm concerned about the 90 % + who try to appear impartial .
The operative word here is " try " -- because as we learned from an amazing horse ( yes , a horse ) , " trying " is n't good enough .
The Clever Hans Effect
What in the world does a performing horse from early 20th - century Germany have to do with the 2008 presidential election ?
As it turns out : everything .
Clever Hans was a horse in turn - of - the - century Germany who was apparently able to perform mathematical calculations and all sorts of intellectual feats .
According to the Wikipedia Clever Hans page , Hans was a horse owned by a Mr. von Osten , who was a high school math teacher , an amateur horse trainer and phrenologist , and something of a mystic .
Hans was taught to add , subtract , multiply , divide , work with fractions , tell time , keep track of the calendar , differentiate musical tones , and read , spell , and understand German .
Von Osten would ask Hans , " If the eighth day of the month comes on a Tuesday , what is the date of the following Friday ? "
Hans would answer by tapping his foot .
Questions could be asked both orally , and in written form .
Von Osten exhibited Hans throughout Germany , and never charged admission .
After a government investigation failed to discover any fraud in Hans ' performances , a psychologist named Oskar Pfungst performed a series of tests on Hans and discovered something astonishing .
First off , he proved that Hans was not in fact making the calculations , nor did he understand German , but rather was simply responding to body language and other subtle clues provided by his human trainers .
Hans indicated his numerical answers by stomping his foot the appropriate number of times .
So for example , if you asked Hans what 2 + 3 was , he 'd stomp five times -- and then stop .
But it turned out Hans only stopped stomping when he noticed that the humans surrounding him ( often there was a crowd at his performances ) expected or wanted him to stop stomping .
By controlling what Hans could and could not see , and by asking questions to which the humans did themselves not know the answers , Pfungst proved that Hans was literally a one - trick pony : he only knew that he was supposed to start stomping when a human spoke to him , and then stop stomping when the humans exhibited relief or happiness or a relaxation of tension ( which they did when he reached the right number of stomps ) .
But during his investigations , Pfungst discovered something even more significant :
The Hans performances were not intentionally fraudulent , because the trainer ( and the audience ) were exhibiting the body language unconsciously .
But that was only the half of it : when Pfungst himself asked Hans to solve problems , even when he intentionally tried to suppress his own subtle visual and physical expressions which might indicate when to stop stomping , Hans still was able to pick up on them somehow and give the right answer .
Again , according to Wikipedia , After formal investigation in 1907 , psychologist Oskar Pfungst demonstrated that the horse was not actually performing these mental tasks , but was watching the reaction of his human observers .
Pfungst discovered this artifact in the research methodology , wherein the horse was responding directly to involuntary cues in the body language of the human trainer , who had the faculties to solve each problem .
The trainer was entirely unaware that he was providing such cues .
...
Pfungst made an extremely significant observation .
After he had become adept at giving Hans performances himself , and fully aware of the subtle cues which made them possible , he discovered that he would produce these cues involuntarily regardless of whether he wished to exhibit or suppress them .
This gives the phenomenon an importance which could hardly be exaggerated .
Its recognition has had a large effect on experimental design and methodology for all experiments whatsoever involving sentient subjects ( including humans ) .
This phenomenon is now called " The Clever Hans Effect " : the attitude of questioners can affect respondents ' answers even if the questioner is trying to remain neutral .
If a horse can notice subtle verbal or visual cues , then a person -- who is much more attuned to human culture and emotions -- can probably notice them even more so ( possibly also without even realizing it ) .
So : What 's the connection to the 2008 presidential election ?
Well , much of the media analysis , and even the strategies of the campaigns themselves , is based on the ongoing poll results indicating voter preferences state - by - state and nationwide .
But I suspect that we are observing the Clever Hans Effect on a massive scale , and that the polls are in fact unreliable .
Worse than " unreliable , " actually : they are inaccurate because to some degree they reflect not the honest feelings of the respondents but rather what the pollers want to hear .
Since , as discussed above , most poll - questioners are likely to be Obama supporters , and since the Clever Hans Effect tells us that they likely slant their questions and / or provide subtle clues as to what the " correct " answer is whether or not they 're trying to be neutral and fair , the end result is that the poll results end up being tilted in favor of Obama .
Pundits and journalists and campign directors are deriving supposed " information " from the poll results , and basing their actions on them -- even though the polls merely reflect ( to a certain degree ) what the pollsters wanted to hear .
To a certain degree , contemporary polling is one vast demonstration of the Clever Hans Effect .
And the end result , once again , is exaggerated support for Obama .
Hang on just a minute , you protest .
The hitch is in that phrase " to a certain degree . "
Even if everything you say is true , I find it hard to believe that anyone would lie to a pollster simply because they detected that the poller preferred a certain answer over another .
That 's a valid challenge .
Yes , it would only take 5 % or 10 % of respondents being swayed this way to throw a poll off , but seriously , would it ever happen in real life ?
I mean , c'mon , who would tell a pollster that they intended to vote for Obama when in fact they were undecided , or were actually going to vote for McCain ?
Is anyone that sensitive to social expectations ?
I 've got two words for you .
And those words are " Solomon Asch . "
Conformity and the Asch Experiments
Implicit in the Left 's continuous attempts to exaggerate Obama 's perceived support is the belief that " a crowd draws a crowd " and that undecided voters will be drawn to the Obama camp if they think " everyone else " is supporting him .
But is that an accurate assessment ?
Is there any evidence that it 's true ?
Well , actually , yes .
There is evidence .
Or should I use scare quotes : " evidence . "
I believe that a series of experiments carried out in the 1950s by social psychologist Solomon Asch were in fact the ( now long - forgotten ) inspiration for and justification for the current strategy , especially the strategy of online opinion - poll - stuffing after debates and other major news events .
Starting in 1951 , Asch , a professor at Swarthmore College , ran a series of unusual experiments to generate a quantitative measurement of the subjective term " conformity . "
The experiments , which many now consider somewhat unethical and a bit sadistic , went like this :
A volunteer was recruited to participate in a vision test .
He was brought to a room with seven other volunteers who were also to take the same test , in a group .
Little did the volunteer know , however , that his fellow " volunteers " were all confederates of the experimenter , and the test was not a vision test but a psychological torture session designed to elicit conformist behavior .
The experimenter would then unveil a pair of displays , one showing a single black line , and the other showing three black lines of varying lengths .
The volunteer is told to simply state which of the three lines most closely matches the length of the single line .
Sounds simple , right ?
In every instance , the correct answer was quite self - evident , as only one of the lines was even close to the correct length .
The volunteer , who was always placed in the second - to - last position , was only allowed to state his answer after he had heard most of the other faux - volunteers give their answers .
For the first two rounds , these confederates were instructed to give the obviously correct answer ; in each instance , the test subject would then also give the correct answer .
But starting on the third round , the confederates , as instructed by Asch , intentionally gave a consistently wrong answer ; the goal of the experiment was to see if the volunteer would " break " and also begin to chime in with the wrong answer as well .
Most volunteers would resist for a few rounds , but eventually the majority would cave in at least part of the time and give the wrong answers in complete defiance of their own perceptions .
Overall , the test subjects gave the wrong answers 36.8 % of the time -- an astonishing result .
What would you do if you had the ability to conduct this " experiment " on a vast scale ?
And if the results of the experiment were not just of academic interest , but affected the real world ?
What would you do if you had a monopoly on the media , and could affect each individual 's perception of how the general public felt ?
You could take the Asch experiment nationwide .
You could deceive every single individual voter into thinking he was all alone in his opinions .
And consequently , due to social pressures to conform , they 'd change their allegiances .
You could use it to win elections .
That 's the position in which the Left -- the Obama campaign , its supporters , and the liberal media -- imagine themselves to be .
They 're trying to use the principle of behaviorial conformity as a weapon in the campaign .
But there is a terrible flaw in their plan .
The Asch experiment does n't work unless the test subject is unaware that he is being duped .
And I 'm telling the subject right now : you 're being duped .
Normative and Informational Conformity
In post - experiment interviews , during which Asch revealed the ruse , the test subjects gave one or the other of two completely different reasons for agreeing with the wrong answers .
One personality type said that , although they were fully aware what the correct answer was and that everyone else was giving the wrong answer , they themselves repeated the wrong answer publicly because they " did n't want to go against the grain " or to appear like a freak or an outsider , or be rejected by their peers .
This attitude was given the unwieldy moniker " normative conformity " , in which " a person publicly accepts the views of a group but privately rejects them . "
The other personality type doubted their own perceptions , and assumed that if an entire group of people thought Line " C " was the correct answer , then it must in fact be the correct answer , despite the subject 's own first impression that it was the wrong answer .
This type of person actually changed their opinion based on the group 's apparent consensus , and would have answered " C " even if allowed to do so anonymously .
This attitude was dubbed " informational conformity , " in which " a person accepts the views of the group " as actually valid and adopts them internally .
The seemingly minor and esoteric difference between normative conformity and informational conformity is actually not esoteric at all -- it is the key factor which defines this campaign and this election .
Because it all boils down to this : Obama supporters presume that increasing Obama 's perceived support will induce informational conformity in the American public .
In other words , Obama supporters operate on the assumption that individual McCain supporters or undecided voters will in actuality change their minds about who to vote for if they perceive that a majority of people are supporting Obama .
The imagined line of thinking is , " Gee , if so many people like this Obama guy , then my impression of him must be wrong ; I trust the group 's wisdom more than my own impressions . "
I submit that this assumption is a catastrophic blunder .
To the extent that there is any conformist behavior being exhibited by McCain supporters and undecided voters , it is much more likely to be normative conformity .
In other words , people who are confronted with apparent overwhelming support for Obama may indeed announce that they too support Obama , but do so only in order to avoid ostracism or accusations of racism .
Inside , however , they have not changed their minds .
On November 4 , they will go into that voting booth , and in total privacy and anonymity , they are free to vote for whomever they want , without fear of social condemnation for doing so .
And in such a setting , normative conformity disintegrates , because there is no " norm " to conform to when your vote is anonymous .
If the American voting system was like an Asch experiment , in which your individual vote was displayed on an electronic tote board for all to see above your voting booth when you pressed the button for McCain , then , yes , normative conformity would in fact affect the election ; but our anonymous - voting system frees people to vote according to their innermost convictions .
The one important fact of the Asch experiment is usually glossed over in the descriptions of it : " most " of the subjects who gave the wrong answers did so out of normative conformity : " When they were interviewed after the experiment , most of them said that they did not really believe their conforming answers , but had gone along with the group for fear of being ridiculed or thought ' peculiar . '
A few of them said that they really did believe the group 's answers were correct . "
Another fundamental flaw in the Left 's presumption that informational conformity will apply during this election season is that , as revealed in this good summation of the Asch experiment , the pressure to conform drops precipitously if the subject is aware of even a single fellow dissenter .
All it takes is one person to shatter the facade of unanimity , and suddenly the number of conformist answers drop from around 33 % to around 8 % .
With more dissenters , it drops even further .
This is crucial , because despite the overwhelming left - wing bias in the media , there is n't an impenetrable wall of pro-Obama propaganda .
The Left 's blunder is thinking that they have a monopoly on the entire infosphere .
Yes , liberal ideologues dominate the media , but they do not hold a monopoly .
Dissenting voices can be heard .
But more importantly , the mediasphere is not the entirety of the infosphere .
There are many alternate sources of information and opinion -- most significant among them being the political blogosphere , which is about evenly divided between Left and Right , and which has grown to be nearly as important as the media itself .
All it takes is five minutes online for anyone to discover that they have millions of cohorts who think exactly like they do .
While conservative - leaning media outlets are in the minority , they certainly exist , and if one is so inclined one has a wide variety of conservative blogs / radio programs / TV shows / newspapers / writers from which to chose .
And even though such outlets have less access to the " mainstream " of public discourse -- ridiculous rumors that crop up on left - wing blogs are almost immediately picked up and disseminated by mainstream media sources , whereas conservative blogs have to publish a real scoop with solid factual evidence if they want to get any media attention -- there remains a continuously audible undercurrent of dissent .
So , while the Left might ( unconsciously ) imagine they have the ability to pull an Asch on the whole country , the deception fails to work , because there is always a Rush Limbaugh or a Little Green Footballs or a Fox News or a Michael Savage whispering in the subject 's ear , " It 's all a trick !
Do n't believe the lies ! "
And under those conditions , the level of informational conformity would almost certainly drop to near zero .
And there 's another reason why the Asch experiment could never work on a nationwide scale .
When these experiments were first conducted , the subjects were all male college students , in the 1950s .
The pressures to conform during that era and in that social setting were much greater than now .
The whole reason Asch was testing for conformity in the first place was that the 1950s were perceived ( and are still perceived ) as the era of conformity .
Yet that era has long passed .
Nowadays , everyone wants to be a nonconformist .
And even though there remains an innate human urge to conform , and even though despite our illusions of individuality we sometimes end up conforming anyway , in the 21st century people at least think that nonconformity is hip .
So that the group psychological dynamic is now likely to be the opposite of what it was half a century ago .
( For those interested , one of Solomon Asch 's original papers can be read here . )
The Race Card and the Revival of the Bradley Effect
The Bradley Effect , a polling phenomenon which has been discussed extensively in this election , is a discrepancy between voter opinion polls and election outcomes in American political campaigns when a white candidate and a non-white candidate run against each other ....
The Bradley effect refers to an alleged tendency on the part of some voters to tell pollsters that they are undecided or likely to vote for a black candidate , and yet , on election day , vote for his / her white opponent .
Despite being a well - known phrase , the Bradley Effect is quite often misreported by the media and misunderstood by the public to mean that whites who are racist will refuse to vote for any black candidate yet will lie to pollsters about their intentions for fear of having their racist attitudes exposed .
As a result , polls sometimes over - report support for black candidates in elections when they are running against white candidates .
But this is a gross misapprehension of what the term means .
First of all , the phrase " Bradley Effect " originally only referred to a bare - bones description of what actually happens in such races :
White voters tell pollsters they intend to vote for the black candidate , but on election day they either vote for the white candidate or do n't vote at all .
Left out of this original definition was any notion of why this happened .
But over the intervening decades since the effect was first noticed ( when black Los Angeles mayor Tom Bradley lost the 1982 California gubernatorial election to lesser - known white candidate George Deukmajian , despite Bradley apparently having a substantial lead in the polls ) , additional layers were added to the definition in which the motivation was assumed .
The causes are in fact not so clear , and are impossible to study directly .
While the media and the general public often assume that the Bradley Effect is caused by actual racism , some astute analysts point out the real cause is more likely to be something much more subtle :
That white voters who are in fact not racist will pretend to support a black candidate due to fear of being falsely perceived as racist .
The Bradley Effect seems to have gradually evaporated over the intervening decades since 1982 , as black politicians became more commonplace and it was no longer automatically assumed that if you voted against a black candidate you did so only out of racism .
That is -- until this election .
Until this year , accusing your ideological opponents of racism -- a.k.a. " playing the race card " -- was for a while a taboo strategy , which only served to highlight that your campaign was becoming desperate and had no other valid lines of attack .
But as election day 2008 draws near , accusations of racism have escalated exponentially , and now it seems the majority of pro-Obama pundits , journalists and bloggers routinely state as fact that all McCain supporters are racists who refuse to vote for Obama simply because he is black ( and not because of his policies ) .
The situation is even more extreme in social interactions in liberal areas , where in casual conversation the race card is played almost continuously .
I live in the San Francisco area , in an artsy / intellectual / academic circle , and never once have I heard anyone professing support for McCain .
If your boss mocks McCain supporters , if all your co-workers express a desire to for Palin to be raped on national TV , if your family are all Obama volunteers , if the media tries to shame everybody into voting for Obama by stating implicitly and explicitly that only a racist would do otherwise , could you have the nerve to come out of the closet as a McCain voter ?
In such an environment , where admitting to disliking Obama in the interpersonal sphere has become the equivalent of social suicide , it seems very likely that the Bradley Effect is not just back , but back with a vengeance .
The more that Obama supporters go unchallenged in their blanket accusations of racism against McCain supporters , the less likely anyone will publicly admit to dislike of Obama .
Hence , the Bradley Effect is not an artifact of racism , but rather an artifact of false accusations of racism .
So , when the phone rings and the pollster calls -- and your Clever Hans social antennae tell you the pollster is young and liberal and likely an Obama supporter -- would you have the nerve to tell the pollster the truth that you would n't vote for Obama in a million years ?
I mean , they called you ; they know your number .
They know who you are .
Can you be absolutely sure they are n't putting a check mark in the " Racist " box next to your name in some mysterious database ?
Polls : Snapshot or self - confirming prophecy ?
One odd thing about public - opinion polls is that there 's no way to know if they 're accurate or not .
Except for a poll taken on the very last day of the campaign , when it can be later compared to the actual vote totals , a poll is a self - supporting statement of " fact " that can only be confirmed or disproven by taking yet another poll -- which is just as unreliable as the first one .
We do not have access to some secret hyper - accurate invasion of privacy enabling us to peer into voters ' hearts to see how they actually intend to vote , and to use that information to assess the accuracy of a poll .
So , if a poll is taken a month ahead of time showing a candidate with a five - point lead , and then a month later he in fact wins the election by five points , we have no way of knowing whether or not the poll was simply accurate , or whether it was originally inaccurate , but fed a public perception that the candidate was in the lead , causing many voters to switch allegiances to him out of a desire to " be on the winning team . "
Do polls reflect reality , or do they create reality ?
The entire Democratic strategy in 2008 revolves around the unproven theory that polls do create reality .
Otherwise , there would be no point in continuously striving to inflate Obama 's perceived public support .
The real question at the end of the day is this :
Are people telling pollsters they 're supporting Obama due to normative conformity ( which is what I suspect ) or due to informational conformity ( which is what the Left is banking on ) ?
We wo n't know until November 4 .
You can lie to a pollster .
But you can not lie to a ballot .
There are other issues which can , and do , seriously affect polling results : what time of day calls are made , how the questions are phrased , how the " internals " ( the raw data ) are doctored , and so on .
( You may be surprised to learn , for example , that the poll numbers you see are rarely if ever the raw totals summarizing the responses of 1,000 people called at random ; the percentages of Democrats and Republicans are adjusted to match voter registration rates , totals are fiddled with to include or exclude people who say they are " somewhat likely " or " likely " or " unlikely " to vote , and so on . )
But the unreliability of polls overall is a different field of study which others have covered in detail and which is beyond the scope of this essay .
Bluffing When You Have to Show Your Hand : The Worst Possible Strategy
In the majority of strategy games , the most effective plan is to trick your opponent into underestimating you .
The goal is to catch them unawares , to spring an attack when they least expect it .
But there are exceptions to this rule : in poker , and sometimes in warfare , the most effective strategy can be the reverse -- to bluff , which means to trick your opponent into overestimating your strength .
There 's a catch , however : bluffing only works when the rules of the game allow you to avoid a showdown with your opponent .
Imagine , for example , that you were playing a hand of high stakes poker against a skilled opponent .
You look at your cards and you see that your hand is not particularly good .
Under these circumstances , some professional poker players will bet everything they have , and act confident , in hope of bluffing their opponents into folding .
When the opponent folds , there is no final showdown ; the player who was bluffing collects the winnings without having to reveal his cards , or , even if he does reveal them , does n't actually need to have the better hand .
The opponents gave up because they could n't take the pressure .
But what if the rules of this particular game of poker were changed so that every hand necessarily ended in a showdown : it was not possible to fold , and no matter how much you bluffed , and how much your opponent feared the strength of your hand , you still have to beat his hand at the end of betting .
Under these circumstances , bluffing is not only ineffective , it 's absolutely foolish , because you 're risking everything on a group of cards that are not likely to win .
Similarly , in ancient warfare , if you could convince your opponent that your army was bigger than it really was , you could possibly trick them into surrendering without a fight -- a fight you might have actually lost if you had gone to battle .
Yet presidential elections are not like poker or siege warfare .
There is no way to bluff your way to victory .
The McCain campaign can't " fold " or surrender , nor can the actual voting on November 4 be cancelled .
No matter how much the Obama supporters inflate their apparent strength , at the end of the day they 're going to have prove it 's true -- or lose the election .
Because of this , bluffing in a presidential election is the worst possible strategy , because all you 'll end up achieving is to inspire the opposing camp to fight more desperately , since they 'll assume their backs are against the wall .
Teddy Roosevelt advised that the best political posture is to " Speak softly and carry a big stick " -- but in 2008 the Democrats are yelling at the top of their lungs and carrying only a medium - sized stick .
In 1968 , Richard Nixon did the exact reverse of what the Democrats are now doing .
Instead of announcing bombastically that he and the Republicans had complete domination of the media and the electorate , his key campaign slogan was " The Silent Majority . "
Nixon knew full well that the atmosphere of the times made the Republican prospects looks pretty bleak .
Youth culture and the social revolution of the 1960s were at a peak ; left - wing ideology was soaring in popularity , a huge demographic of young post - war Baby - Boomers had just reached voting age and were thought to loathe the old - fashioned Republicanism ; and the media had long had a serious vendetta against Nixon .
Everything seemed aligned to ensure a handy victory for Humphrey and the Democrats .
But Nixon sensed that behind the media frenzy about hippies and riots and drugs and revolution , there was , literally , a " silent majority " of staid conservative voters whose voices and viewpoints were being ignored .
And all he needed to do was to reassure those voters that they existed across the country , even if the media and popular culture ignored them .
And , to everyone 's astonishment , Richard Nixon , who was considered by many to be a laughingstock , the last holdout of a pathetic dying breed of old fogeys , managed to pull out a razor - thin victory in what seemed like the most hostile possible social environment .
In 2008 there is no silent majority : there is the silenced majority .
The unpolled majority .
The media is so pro-Obama that the views and the concerns of McCain supporters are for the most part ignored or , at best , mocked .
The goal is to foster disillusionment among them , a sense of isolation .
To trick the Republicans into all staying home on election day because " there 's no hope of winning . "
Maybe the Democrats can't avoid a showdown on November 4 , but if they can convince enough McCain supporters to individually " fold " and not vote at all , then Obama can carry the day .
One of the sources of our current dilemma is that it's no longer possible to tailor different messages to different audiences .
In days gone by , leaders could say one thing to one group , and then something else entirely to another group or to the public at large , in order to serve their political purposes .
Yasser Arafat , for example , famously would say something conciliatory about the Israel - Palestinian conflict while speaking English to the international press , and after the reporters had all left to file their stories about what a peace - loving moderate he was , would turn around and give a fiery speech in Arabic to his supporters , calling for the extermination of Israelis .
Thus , he pleased both sides , well enough to earn him a Nobel Peace Prize from his naive Western audience while simultaneously being hailed as the leader of the jihad against the Jews by his Arab audience .
This trick worked quite well for many years until the advent of the Internet , when for the first time the Western audience could finally hear what he was saying when they were n't supposed to be listening .
A similar problem bedevils most politicians in the modern era , especially during any election season that has both a primary and then a general election .
Obama for a year clearly spelled out his far - left position when addressing the far - left wing of the Democratic Party , using their support to take the nomination from Hillary Clinton .
But now that we 're in the general election , Obama is furiously backpedaling at top speed , denying or modifying or attempting to spin not just his primary positions , but a lifetime of far - left activism -- because those positions wo n't fly with the general public .
Conclusion
Now , it could very well be that , after all is said and done , Obama will indeed win this election -- I can't predict the future any better than can anyone else .
The Obama campaign and its supporters are also engaging in many other strategies ( unrelated to the exaggeration of his popularity ) that have likely been effective -- such as blanketing the airwaves with advertisements , disparaging McCain , insulting Palin , and so on .
The unabashed and unapologetic Obama boosterism from the traditional media certainly is n't hurting either .
In prior elections , candidates worried about an " October Surprise , " some last - minute revelation or scandal that threatens to realign the entire race .
But in 2008 , two or three October Surprises seem to be cropping up every single day , and there 's no reliable way to predict what will happen next ( other than that the media will try to emphasize the anti-McCain news and downplay the anti-Obama news ) .
And it may be that less than 50 % of the population was ever interested in voting for McCain in the first place , and that an Obama victory was a foregone conclusion long before the campaign even began ; I simply do n't know .
However , if Obama does win , it will be IN SPITE OF the counter - productive antics of his supporters , not because of them .
I feel that all the exaggerations and bias polling and online poll - stuffing and comment - spamming have only served to increase a desperate come - from - behind energy in the McCain campaign , and induce a sense of complacency and inevitable victory among rank - and - file Obama voters .
However : If McCain wins , then Obama 's supporters will only have themselves to blame .
Will the exaggerations become a self - fulfilling prophecy , as assumed , or are Obama supporters spinning further and further away from reality , constructing one unsupportable exaggeration on top of another -- only to be stunned on election day when the actual results , once again , do n't match either their pre-vote opinion polling or their post - vote exit polling ?
Yet it may very well be that an army of glum , dispirited and pessimistic conservatives will reluctantly trudge to the polls on November 4 , each one imagining they are the only remaining person in the entire country voting for McCain , and lo and behold -- they 'll turn out to be a silent majority after all .
Post - Election Update
As I stated above , " One odd thing about public - opinion polls is that there 's no way to know if they 're accurate or not .
Except for a poll taken on the very last day of the campaign , when it can be later compared to the actual vote totals .... "
So , now that we have the results -- how did things turn out after all ?
Well , as everybody now knows , the final result of the election was a 6.5 - point victory by Obama over McCain .
But that does n't mean this essay was entirely inaccurate .
Because , exactly as I speculated , most of the major polls did in fact overstate Obama 's lead in their final election - day predictions .
On the last day of polling , the Gallup Poll claimed Obama was going to win by 11 points ; Reuters also gave Obama an 11 - point lead on November 4 ; CBS also predicted a 9 - point victory for Obama on the last day ( and a 13 - point lead the day before ) ; the Washington Post 's final poll was +9 for Obama as well ;
The Marist Poll confirmed the +9 results ; and the IBD / TIPP poll had Obama at +7.2 .
Overall , the consensus was very strongly tended toward at least a 9 - point or greater Obama victory , since all these polls were taken on the very last day before voting .
( Among major pollsters , only Rasmussen ( +6 for Obama ) and Fox ( +7 for Obama ) were accurate .
A few minor polls had outlying results , but on average they also somewhat overestimated Obama 's lead . )
What this means is :
The effects described in this essay very likely did happen as I postulated , but not to a large enough extent to overcome Obama 's actual strength and McCain 's actual weakness .
In other words , approximately 3 % of people responding to polls did lie and say they supported Obama when in fact they did not ( a ~ 9.5 % predicted victory on average vs. a 6.5 % actual victory ) .
It 's just that McCain was not close enough in real support for the Hans / Asch / Bradley Effect to make the difference .
Bear in mind that nowhere in this essay did I predict a McCain victory ; in fact , of all the statements above , the one I think that ended up being the most accurate in describing this election was , " And it may be that less than 50 % of the population was ever interested in voting for McCain in the first place , and that an Obama victory was a foregone conclusion long before the campaign even began ... " .
Despite everything else that happened , McCain never came anywhere even close to 50 % support in nationwide polls , and with tepid enthusiasm like that , there 's simply no way you 're going to win an election .
Although the election is now over , and this essay has therefore become a moot point , I 'll leave it online for analysts and historians to ponder and discuss when picking through the wreckage of the 2008 campaign .
( If you wish to comment on this essay , you can do so here . )
( Click here to return to the main zombietime page . )
John McCain ’s strategy at the moment appears to be to vote against any federal financial market bailout plan — whether it ’s a good one or bad one — because it will give him an issue to pivot against both Obama , the Democratic Congress and Bush .
But Sarah Palin appears now to have all but committed her running mate to support of whatever Congress passes .
According to the AP , “ Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin says the United States could be headed for another Great Depression if Congress does n’t act on the financial crisis . ”
The context and quote are n’t clear .
So we ’ll have to see precisely what she said .
But this would appear to box McCain in a bit — or force a retraction from Palin .
Late Update : Here ’s video of Palin :
PAMA 's Celebrity Halloween Masquerade Bash ( Photos )
The place to be in L.A. last night was PAMA 's Halloween Masquerade put on by E !
Online and hosted by .
The celebrities turned out in costume to take in the festivities at Stone Rose Lounge .
It looks like a who 's who of Dancing with the Stars dancers .
Guests included Derek Hough , Lance Bass , Cheryl Burke , Keeping up with the Kardashians matriarch Kris Jenner , makeup artist Troy Jensen , Kym Johnson and Insider co-host Lara Spencer .
We 've include some other celebrity costumes from other events : Mariah Carey , Nick Cannon , Heidi Montag , Spencer Pratt , Paris Hilton , Christina Aguilera and Fergie .
Check out our costume photo gallery below .
Also see Halloween at the Playboy Mansion here .
Check out The Today Show Halloween costume photos .
Bette Midler 's Hulaween Costume Gala .
Above Photos : WENN
McCain is in a tough spot .
He 's behind .
Obama has the momentum , and McCain needs to take it away .
He did n't necessarily do poorly — and he did much better on foreign policy than on domestic matters .
But McCain needed to change the dynamic .
You could see him trying .
He pressed Obama on his opposition to the surge , the penalty Obama would impose on those who did n't sign up for a health - care plan , even that he was speaking too long .
But this was all small stuff .
John Dickerson , political columnist for Slate.com
Mr. Kaufman does not hide his feelings easily .
After an interview this weekend with Laramie ’s mayor , Klaus Hanson , Mr. Kaufman shook with anger that Mr. Hanson was not doing anything to commemorate the anniversary .
( “ Now that you have touched upon it , ” the mayor said , “ I will need to rethink it . ” )
Mr. Kaufman ’s expressed dismay that there is no hate - crimes law in Wyoming , as he thinks there should be .
He and others also said that some in Laramie were no longer speaking of Mr. Shepard ’s death as a hate crime but rather as a drug - fueled robbery gone wrong .
“ A lot of people in the community went through a sense of grief , in a very poignant , heartfelt , painful way , and I think eventually the pain became so great that they do n’t want to think about it or hear about it , ” Rebecca Hilliker , a professor of theater at the University of Wyoming here , told Mr. Kaufman over the weekend .
“ After I got over the emotional trauma , the nightmares , I myself had to say , ‘ O.K. , step back , think about this  what you can and ca n’t do  and stop placing the burden of changing the state on yourself . ’ ”
Mr. Kaufman conceded , “ People get exhausted . ”
“ You get exhausted , ” Ms. Hilliker nodded , sitting by windows in her home on a breathtaking open plain .
“ And then you ca n’t plan anymore how to fix things . ”
Laramie has changed in some ways .
The city council passed a bias crimes ordinance that tracks such crimes , though it does not include penalties for them .
There is an AIDS Walk now .
Several residents say they came out publicly as gay , in their churches or on campus , in part to honor Mr. Shepard ’s memory .
The university hosts a four - day Shepard Symposium for Social Justice each spring , and there is talk of creating a degree minor in gay and lesbian studies .
And yet , to the bewilderment of some people here , there is no memorial to Mr. Shepard in Laramie .
The log fence has been torn down where he lay dying for 18 hours on Oct. 7 , 1998 .
There is no marker .
Wild grass blows in the wind .
The Fireside bar  where Mr. Shepard was lured away by Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson , who are serving life terms for murder  is also gone , sold and renamed years ago .
Without the Fireside , there is no longer a bar in town where gays , jocks , foreign students and cowboys mix together .
“ I put it up for sale two weeks later  it was a ghost town , ” said Matt Mickelson , the former owner of the Fireside , told Andy Paris , a member of the Tectonic company .
A national voter group filed a lawsuit against Secretary of State Mike Coffman alleging that as many as 30,000 voters had been purged from the rolls in Colorado .
According to the Advancement Project , which filed the lawsuit in Federal District Court in Denver , Mr. Coffman , a Republican , illegally disqualified thousands of voters by removing them from voter rolls within 90 days of Election Day , which is prohibited by federal law .
The lawsuit also alleges that a few thousand new voters were improperly disqualified because election officials did not follow federal guidelines in seeking to verify their home addresses .
Instead , the new voters ’ registration was canceled if a notice sent by election officials to their address was returned within 20 days , the Advancement Project says .
The lawsuit seeks to reinstate those voters who have been illegally purged from the rolls .
Richard Coolidge , a spokesman for the secretary of state ’s office , would not comment on the lawsuit .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/07/2008
Audio : AZ anti-gays ' unbelievably anti-intellectual ad
by Jeremy Hooper
Gay people get engaged .
Gay people have cute little romantic moments .
Gay people dine with their families .
Gay people sing songs to the one they love .
Gay people get stains on their shirt .
We really thought all these points went without saying .
However , after hearing how the anti-gays in Arizona are running a radio ad with a sole focus on joyous moments in heterosexual courtship ...
... we realize that some people need to be reminded of the collective nature of milestones .
Non of us hold ownership to joyous celebration .
We all live , we all love , we all toast to happiness .
And if the anti-gays wo n't to put roadblocks along gay people 's paths , then they are going to have to do far more than simply gloat over the ease with which heterosexuals can hold their non-controversial proposal parties !
Please , Arizona :
Do not support the side of arrogance .
Support the side of freedom :
Arizona Needs Your Help [ Box Turtle Bulletin ]
Your thoughts
To steal a bit from Paula Poundstone , someone wrote that down on a piece of paper .
Probably a couple of times .
This was the best version of that ad .
Many actresses tried out for that role and were bummed out when they did n't get the part .
I just ...
I mean , thank God that woman 's gay brother was out banging some guy in leather chaps with a riding crop in a truck stop restroom stall while somebody else watched through the glory hole .
If he'd been there at the restaurant while the heterosexual boyfriend ( who is not fucking heterosexual girlfriend until their wedding night , of course ) was singing on a chair , that would have ruined the whole story .
Posted by : Matt Algren | Oct 7 , 2008 3:15:20 PM
Now I get it .
If gays get married , there wo n't be any more sappy engagement stunts .
Is that really true ?
And if it were true , would it really be a bad thing .
Posted by : Cindi Knox | Oct 7 , 2008 3:25:28 PM
Wow , and apparently Robert Stack is back from the dead and anti-gay .
Posted by : Mike C | Oct 8 , 2008 12:34:33 AM
Wow !
Beyond belief .
Do people listening to this really believe that gays getting married is somehow going to ruin * their * special romantic proposal ??
Posted by : Gregus | Oct 8 , 2008 4:58:38 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
T his is the week Barack Obama , son of an erstwhile goat herder in Kenya and would - be first African American leader of an industrialized country , became the prohibitive favourite to be elected America 's 44th president .
Obama has opened a significant lead over John McCain in national polls and more crucially in key swing states .
The turning point was the current Wall Street meltdown , yet another potent symbol of public governance gone awry .
The administration of George W. Bush , whose approval rating sank this week to a record low of 22 per cent , has been overtly in service to what Andrew Jackson called the " moneyed power . "
Still worse has been its studied incompetence that led to 9/11 , the escape of Osama bin Laden , the phantom weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , record budget deficits , the loss of New Orleans , and now the near - collapse of the global financial system .
Enough !
It hardly matters – or perhaps is n't widely known – that most of the CEOs whose greed and recklessness will culminate in an estimated $ 2 trillion in losses from soured junk mortgages are long gone from the scene of the malfeasance , fired or retired before they could be fired .
As Franklin Roosevelt said in the early days of a previous Wall Street crisis , " The rulers of the exchange of mankind 's goods have failed through their own stubbornness and incompetence , have admitted to their failure , and have abdicated . "
Never mind .
Tens of thousands of Americans deluged their members of Congress in an unruly protest against a proposed $ 700 billion bailout of " the fat cats on Wall Street " that was actually intended to keep America 's already weakened economy from imploding altogether .
" To punish those at the top of Wall Street by destroying the system they manipulated will end up harming all the rest of us , " Wall Street Journal columnist and professional investor James B. Stewart said in a cogent case favouring the bailout of financial firms holding mortgage - backed securities deeply devalued by the collapse of America 's biggest - ever housing boom .
Still , Stewart acknowledged , " What I did n't grasp was the depth of this rage .
Many are so angry that punishment is now their first – indeed , their only – priority . "
The rage is bipartisan .
Americans whose wages have flatlined for two decades are bitter at having their tax dollars used in a rescue of the rulers of the exchange .
And free - market apologists for anything - goes capitalism are dismayed at a massive government intervention in the private sector .
Main Street sentiment shifted somewhat with the sickening plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average following the Monday defeat in the U.S. House of Representatives of the proposed bailout package , with scores of both Democrats and Republicans voting against the Bush - sponsored rescue package .
That one - day destruction of more than a trillion dollars in shareholder value put a crimp in enough retirement nest eggs to bring the threat of this epic crisis home to everyday Americans .
Yet it has been a colossal and preventable failure , one for which McCain is perceived as culpable because of his association with Bush and a long record of opposing the more sophisticated regulatory supervision by which America and the world could have avoided this unholy mess .
Robert Reich , Clinton - era labour secretary and current Obama adviser , predicts " the absurdly wide gap that 's opened up between the rich and everyone else " points to the beginning of an " Era of Angry Populism . "
This is a political franchise that has traditionally belonged to the Democrats , but was deftly appropriated by Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan .
As momentous as an Obama victory Nov. 4 would be , the greater triumph would be the victor 's success in reclaiming for Democrats that populist legacy .
David Olive 's American Scene appears Saturdays in World & Comment .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
The xtc ( eXTensible Compiler ) project is exploring novel programming languages and tools to improve the expressiveness , safety , and efficiency of complex systems .
These components are still accessible through version 1.15.0 of the source release ( see below ) .
Additionally , xtc has support for common tool tasks , such as processing command line flags , managing file search paths , setting character encodings , and reporting program errors .
See Robert Grimm ’s publications for a complete list of papers and talks on xtc .
Distribution
xtc is released mostly under the GNU GPL version 2 .
The main exception is the Rats !
runtime , which is released under the GNU LGPL version 2.1 .
See xtc ’s sources and Javadoc documentation for a detailed list of these classes .
xtc ’s current distribution is version 2.4.0 , which was released 8/17 /14 .
It includes the following files :
xtc-core.zip : The source distribution .
xtc-testsuite.zip : The test suite .
xtc.jar :
The binary distribution .
rats.jar : The Rats ! stand - alone binary ( including runtime ) .
rats - runtime .jar :
The runtime for parsers generated by Rats ! with the - lgpl command line option .
command line option .
history .
html :
The release history and notes .
Note that the binary distribution 's xtc.jar contains all classes contained in the parser binary rats .jar and the parser runtime rats - runtime .
jar .
Version 1.8.0 of the source distribution is still available to ensure the repeatability of the experimental results reported in the PLDI ’06 paper “ Better Extensibility through Modular Syntax . ” Version 1.15.0 is the last version to contain several discontinued tools .
We preserve both source code and test suite .
The source distribution comes with extensive documentation , including installation instructions ( step - by - step.html in xtc ’s root directory ) , an overview of our setup ( development.html ) , and Javadoc - generated class documentation ( execute “ make doc ” ) .
This page provides an introduction to Rats ! , our parser generator .
It is part of xtc ’s Javadoc documentation ( hence the @link mark - up ) and uses examples from Rats ! ’ own grammar as well as from our Java and C grammars ( look in the src / xtc / parser and src/ xtc / lang directories in the source distribution ) .
The binary distribution is invoked from the command line by typing :
java - cp xtc.jar tool-class-name
Valid tool class names include :
xtc.parser .Rats for the Rats ! parser generator .
for the Rats ! parser generator .
xtc.lang .
FactoryFactory for the concrete syntax tool .
for the concrete syntax tool .
xtc.lang.cpp.SuperC for the SuperC tool .
for the SuperC tool .
xtc.lang.jeannie.Jeannie for the Jeannie compiler .
When invoked without additional arguments , each tool prints usage instructions including recognized command line arguments .
xtc ’s dependencies include the following Java packages :
JUnit for performing unit tests ( junit.jar ) .
JavaNCSS for collecting source statistics ( ccl.jar , javacc.jar , javancss.jar , and jhbasic. jar ) .
JFlex for building the SuperC scanner ( JFlex.jar ) .
JavaBDD for reasoning about conditionals in SuperC ( javabdd.jar ) .
For the source release , the corresponding jar files should be placed into the bin directory of the distribution .
The JUnit and JavaBDD jar files should also be added to the class path .
For your convenience , dependencies .zip contains the jar files for JUnit 4.8.2 , JavaNCSS 32.53 , JFlex 1.4.3 , and JavaBDD 1.0b2 .
The source distribution of the Marco macro processor is available as a separate download .
Here 's a quote for you :
" Bush really has n't done much when it comes to breaking down the preconceived notions of Americans as greedy , myopic , pompous cretins ... "
[ Intake of breath ] .
" The president had never been to Europe before taking office , his disregard for immigrants has been shocking and the lengths he 's been willing to go for oil seem boundless . "
Where do you think those words come from ?
They certainly could have come direct from Michael Moore himself .
They actually come from the latest Lonely Planet tourists ' guide to the USA .
British Conservative MP Greg
Hands recently urged folk to pay more attention to the political bias of travel guides .
He was right to do so .
The Lonely Planet Guide was recently purchased by the BBC .
Why is an " impartial " public service broadcaster publishing guidebooks that surreptitiously endorse the " notion " that Americans are " pompous cretins " ?
Why is the BBC publishing the idea that George W Bush has a " disregard for immigrants " when he upset the rank - and - file of his party by seeking to make it easier for illegal immigrants to find a path to citizenship .
The introduction to the US guidebook is full of attacks on the religious beliefs of Americans and its alleged insularity .
AmericaInTheWorld.com will be regularly publishing nominations for our Michael Moore Award For Anti-Americanism .
If you have suggestions please get in touch .
The Age is reporting Australia 's Reserve Bank says it 's worried .
Australia 's Reserve Bank has expressed deep concern about Australia 's economic outlook , presenting forecasts that suggest it might have lifted interest rates too high .
Its latest quarterly statement predicts that economic growth is about to slow and that unemployment will climb to 6 % .
The Reserve Bank warns that , while these are its central forecasts , and headline inflation is now expected to peak at 5 % in December , any further deterioration in the global outlook could lead to a " significant deterioration " beyond those forecasts .
The RBA predicts that Australia 's annual rate of jobs growth , at present 2.3 % , will slow to three - quarters of 1 % almost straight away .
The forecast implies a jump in unemployment from 4.3 % to 6 % by the end of next year .
Westpac chief economist Bill Evans said the Reserve Bank seemed to be " shocked " by the severity of the slowdown that it had helped engineer .
My Comment
The bank raised its inflation forecast , saying it now expects the headline rate to peak at 5 % in December before easing to 3 % by mid-2010 .
But this would not stop it cutting interest rates , saying that , so long as the economy remained subdued , the scope for rate cuts was " increasing " .
My Comment
The bank is expected to cut its cash rate by 0.25 % when its board meets on September 2 , the first such cut for seven years .
A member of the Reserve Bank board , former Woolworths chief Roger Corbett , told Sky News yesterday that Australia was " resilient " and had a strong , broad base .
Australia 's Strong Broad Base
Ben S. Bernanke does not think the national housing boom is a bubble that is about to burst , he indicated to Congress last week , just a few days before President Bush nominated him to become the next chairman of the Federal Reserve .
U.S. house prices have risen by nearly 25 percent over the past two years , noted Bernanke , currently chairman of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , in testimony to Congress 's Joint Economic Committee .
But these increases , he said , " largely reflect strong economic fundamentals , " such as strong growth in jobs , incomes and the number of new households .
Wakeup Call For Roger Corbett
Steve Keen vs. Roger Corbett
Steve Keen from the University of Western Sydney has been a long - time critic of the Reserve Bank .
Some analysts say the weaker economy puts interest rate cuts on the agenda when the bank meets tomorrow , but Steve Keen says it is too late .
PHILLIP LASKER : What is it in particular that makes you feel recession is a certainty ?
Is it simply those retail sales figures ?
STEVE KEEN : No , they 're the first , if you like , the first swallow of a depression , virtually that I saw coming some time ago .
Because we 've been spending so much borrowed money for so long , that the momentum of borrowed money has been driving the apparent prosperity in the economy .
Now you simply can't keep on doing that forever .
We seem to be finally reaching the point where people are slowing down the level of borrowing , it 's dropped from as much as $ 30 billion extra debt in 1 month down to $ 5 billion in the last lot of figures .
PHILLIP LASKER : What about the resources boom ?
STEVE KEEN :
The resources boom is a major factor but as Gerrard Minack makes the point quite frequently it only employs about 3 per cent of the population .
It does gives us an enormous amount of largesse ; heaven knows where we'd be without the minerals boom coming in , but it is not enough to prevents the turn around of the scale 1 quarter of a trillion dollars in spending .
PHILLIP LASKER : Some analysts say the major difference here is that there 's no stock .
We do n't have the supply of homes here in Australia like in the United States so we 're in the going to see that crash in property prices that we saw in the United States .
STEVE KEEN :
That 's the old supply and demand argument , the favourite harbinger of every economist except me .
To me where the demand comes from is people 's willingness to borrow money to buy an asset .
And that reflects their expectation that the price of the asset rising .
I think something of the orders of 40 per cent of prices are simply financed by people 's expectations that the prices will keep on rising .
Well when this expectation goes , ultimately goodbye 40 per cent of the current price of houses .
PHILLIP LASKER : What are we going to see in the near future that would suggest you 're correct ?
STEVE KEEN : Further falls in retail sales , more collapses of companies which focus upon the high - end in the retail chain ; in that sense , and in its own strange way , Starbucks was an obvious candidate .
Nobody wants to buy the caramel flavoured lattes any more .
So the high end retailers are likely to be the first one 's to suffer .
And anyone of course who 's got any financial fragility behind them will go , because a major part of this downturn is n't just people stopping spending its banks no longer renewing loans .
And they will cease rolling over loans of fragile companies , and they will be the ones that explode .
Different Continent , Same Game
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Everything You Know About CSS Is Wrong
In : Articles
By Rachel Andrew
When released , Internet Explorer 8 will support many new values for the CSS display property , including the table - related values : table , table - row , and table - cell — and it ’s the last major browser to come on board with this support .
This event will mark the end of complex CSS layout techniques , and will be the final nail in the coffin of using HTML tables for layout .
Finally , producing table - like grid layouts using CSS will be quick and easy .
Applying table - related display property values to web page elements causes the elements to mimic the display characteristics of their HTML table equivalents .
In this article , I ’ll demonstrate how this will have a huge impact on the way we use CSS for web page layouts .
Using CSS Tables
CSS tables solve all the problems encountered when using absolute positioning or floats to create multi-column layouts in modern browsers .
Specifying the value table for the display property of an element allows you to display the element and its descendants as though they ’re table elements .
The main benefit of CSS table - based layouts is the ability to easily define the boundaries of a cell so that we can add backgrounds and so on to it — without the semantic problems of marking up non-tabular content as a HTML table in the document .
Before we dive in and discover how this works , let ’s create an instant demonstration :
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd " > < html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " lang = " en - US " > < head > ⋮ HTML head content … < / head > < body > < div id =" wrapper " > < div id =" header " ></div > < div id =" main " > < div id =" nav " > ⋮ navigation column content … < / div > < div id =" extras " > ⋮ news headlines column content … </ div > < div id =" content " > ⋮ main article content …
</div > </div> </div > </body > </html >
The HTML source matches the desired content display order .
The nav column comes first , followed by the extras column , and then the content column .
We also need to apply the following CSS :
#main { display : table ; border - collapse : collapse ; } #nav { display : table - cell ; width : 180 px ; background - color : # e7dbcd ; } #extras { display : table - cell ; width : 180 px ; padding - left : / files / includes /10.csspx ; border - right : 1 px dotted # d7ad7 b ; } #content { display : table - cell ; width : 380 px ; padding - left : / files / includes /10.csspx ; }
The fresh CSS table - based layout that we ’ve just created will display correctly in Internet Explorer 8 as well as in Firefox , Safari , and Opera ; the image below shows how it looks in IE8 .
Our three - column equal - height layout is achieved without having to resort to tricks like faux columns using background images , worrying about positioning , or having to clear floats — revolutionary !
How Does This Work ?
The display property allows you to specify a range of table - related values in order to make elements display as though they were table elements .
The available display values are :
table makes the element behave like a table element
makes the element behave like a table element table - row makes the element behave like a table row ( tr ) element
makes the element behave like a table row ( tr ) element table - cell makes the element behave like a table cell ( td ) element
makes the element behave like a table cell ( td ) element table - row - group makes the element behave like a table body row group ( tbody ) element
makes the element behave like a table body row group ( tbody ) element table - header - group makes the element behave like a table header row group ( thead ) element
makes the element behave like a table header row group ( thead ) element table - footer - group makes the element behave like a table footer row group ( tfoot ) element
makes the element behave like a table footer row group ( tfoot ) element table - caption makes the element behave like a table caption element
makes the element behave like a table caption element table - column makes the element behave like a table column ( col ) element
makes the element behave like a table column ( col ) element table - column - group makes the element behave like a table column group ( colgroup ) element
Hang on …
Are n’t Tables for Layout Wrong ?
Perhaps you ’re feeling slightly uncomfortable about the example we ’ve just seen — after all , have n’t web standards advocates like myself been insisting for years that you should n’t be using tables for layout ?
The table element in HTML is a semantic structure : it describes what data is .
Therefore , you should only use the table element if the data you are marking up is tabular — for example , a table of financial information .
If it would normally be stored in a spreadsheet on your computer , it probably needs marking up as a table in HTML .
The table value of the display property , on the other hand , is simply an indi­cation of how something should look in the browser — it has no semantic meaning .
Using a table element for your layout tells a user - agent , “ This data is tabular . ”
Using a bunch of div s that have the display property set to table and table - cell says nothing to that user - agent other than asking it to render them visually in a certain way , if it ’s capable of doing so .
Of course , we should also take care not to use display : table ; on a bunch of div elements when what we really have is tabular data !
Our simple example above makes our layout behave as if it were a single row table with three cells ; it does n’t take much imagination to realize the potential of this technique for creating complex grid layouts with ease .
Anonymous Table Elements
CSS tables happily abide by the normal rules of table layout , which enables an ex­tremely powerful feature of CSS table layouts : missing table elements are created anonymously by the browser .
The CSS2.1 specification states :
Document languages other than HTML may not contain all the ele­ments in the CSS 2.1 table model .
In these cases , the “ missing ” elements must be assumed in order for the table model to work .
Any table element will automatically generate necessary anonymous table objects around itself , consisting of at least three nested objects corresponding to a “ table ” / “ inline - table ” element , a “ table - row ” element , and a “ table - cell ” element .
What this means is that if we use display : table - cell ; without first containing the cell in a block set to display : table - row ; , the row will be implied — the browser will act as though the declared row is actually there .
Let ’s use a simple example to investigate this feature : the three - cell grid layout shown below .
We ’ll look at three different HTML markup samples that will result in the same visual layout .
First , here ’s a sample of markup that can be used to generate the three - cell layout :
< div class=" container " > < div class= " row " > < div class= " cell " > CELL A</div > < div class= " cell " > CELL B</div > < div class= " cell " > CELL C</div > </div > </div >
A set of nested div elements may not seem so very exciting , but hang in there , we ’re building to something .
The CSS is also very simple :
. container { display : table ; } .row { display : table - row ; } .cell { display : table - cell ; width : / files / includes/10.css0px ; height : /files/ includes/10.css0px ; border : 1 px solid blue ; padding : 1em ; }
The CSS above sets the element with a class of ‘ container ’ to display : table , an element with a class of ‘ row ’ to display : table - row , and an element with a class of ‘ cell ’ to display : table - cell , as well as giving it a border and a height and width .
This HTML markup above explicitly creates elements for the table and row surroun­ding the three cells , using all of the CSS classes that we ’ve created .
However , we can reduce the markup , removing the row div element like so :
< div class= " row " > < div class= " cell " > CELL A</div > < div class= " cell " > CELL B</div > < div class= " cell " > CELL C</div > </div >
Even though the above markup is missing the element representing the table row , the row will be created by the browser as an anonymous box .
We can reduce the markup even further :
< div class= " cell " > CELL A</div > < div class= " cell " > CELL B</div > < div class= " cell " >
CELL C</div >
The above markup is missing the elements representing the table row and the table ; these are both created as anonymous boxes by the browser .
Even with the elements missing in markup , the end product is the same .
Rules for the Creation of Anonymous Table Elements
These anonymous boxes are not created by magic , and they wo n’t automatically make up for any deficiencies in your HTML code .
To be able to take full advantage of anonymous table elements , you ’d best become familiar with the rules for their creation .
If a layout calls for an implied element , the browser will create an anony­mous box and set its CSS display property to one of table , table - row , or table - cell , depending on the context .
If you have an element that has been set to display : table - cell ; but its immediate parent ( the containing element ) is not set to table - row , an anonymous box set to table - row will be created to enclose the cell and any subsequent adjacent sibling elements that are also set to table - cell , until it encounters an element not set to table - cell , so they ’ll all end up in the same row .
This is the case with the following markup :
< div class= " cell " > CELL A</div > < div class= " cell " > CELL B</div > < div class= " cell " > CELL C</div > < div >
Not a cell </ div >
The three div elements above that have a class of ‘ cell ’ are set to display : table - cell ; and will appear side by side as though they ’re in a single row table ; the last div element wo n’t be included in the row , because it is n’t set to display : table - cell ; .
If an element is set to display : table - row ; while its parent element is n’t set to table ( or table - row - group ) , an anonymous box set to display : table ; will be created to enclose the row , and any subsequent adjacent sibling elements will be set to display : table - row .
Also , if the element with display set to table - row lacks an element set to table - cell directly within it , an anonymous box set to table - cell will be created to enclose all the elements within the table - row element .
Consider the following markup :
< div class= " row " > ROW A </div > < div class= " row " > ROW B</div > < div >
Not a row</div >
The two div elements above with a class of ‘ row ’ are set to display : table - row ; and will appear one under the other as though they ’re rows in the same single - column table .
The last div element wo n’t be included in the implied table .
Similarly , if an element is set to any of the other display values that match elements which would naturally exist directly inside a parent table element such as table - row - group , table - header - group , table - footer - group , table - column , table - column - group , and table - caption , but does not have a parent set to display : table ; , an anonymous box set to table will be created to enclose the element and any subsequent adjacent sibling elements with suitable display values .
Other Useful Table Properties
When using CSS tables , because the elements conform to the normal rules for table layout , you can also apply other table - related CSS properties .
Here ’s a few that can come in handy :
table - layout
Setting the table - layout to fixed tells the browser that the table should render with the fixed algorithm for formatting the cell widths .
This is useful in a fixed - width layout , such as the one we created earlier .
border - collapse
Just as with regular HTML tables , you can use the border - collapse property to specify that your table layout elements use collapsed ( with the value collapse ) or separated ( with the value separate ) borders between the cell elements .
border - spacing
If you specify the value separate for the border - collapse property , you can then use the border - spacing property to specify the width of the space between the cell element borders .
Making a Perfect Grid
Making a grid of equal height elements has always been a challenge using traditional CSS layout techniques , but it ’s something to which CSS tables are well suited .
For example , if we want to create an image gallery comprising a grid of images with captions , such as the one shown below , using a CSS table renders the task simple .
The markup for our gallery is as follows :
< div class = " grid " > < div class= " row " > < div class= " image " > < img src= " /files/includes/images/articles-everything_you_know_about_css_is_wrong-images-photo1.jpg " alt = " A Lily " /> < p >A lily in the gardens of The Vyne Country House </ p> </div > < div class= " image " > < img src= " /files/includes/images/articles-everything_you_know_about_css_is_wrong-images-photo3.jpg " alt = " A Fuchsia plant " /> < p>Fuchsia plant in my garden </ p> </div> </div > < div class= " row " > < div class= " image " > < img src= " /files/includes/images/articles-everything_you_know_about_css_is_wrong-images-photo2.jpg " alt = " A crazy looking Allium flower " /> < p > A crazy looking flower </ p> </div > < div class= " image " > < img src= " images/photo4.jpg " alt = " A Robin sitting on a fence " /> < p >
This robin has been visiting our garden over the summer .
He is very friendly and does n't seem to be too worried about sharing the garden with us .
</ p> </div> </div> </div >
Each gallery image cell is comprised of an img element and a caption in a p element contained within a div element with a class of ‘ image ’ .
Each row is contained within a div element within a class of ‘ row ’ , and the whole gallery is contained within a div with a class of ‘ grid ’ .
The CSS required to lay out our grid is simple :
. grid { display : table ; border - spacing : 4 px ; } .row { display : table - row ; } .image { display : table - cell ; width : 240 px ; background - color : #000 ; border : 8 px solid # 000 ; vertical - align : top ; text - align : center ; } .image p { color : # fff ; font - size : 85 % ; text - align : left ; padding - top : 8 px ; }
The above CSS is fairly straightforward , but you might notice how we ’ve made use of the border - spacing property to control the spacing of our gallery image cells .
Making a grid layout could n’t be easier — and we ’ve avoided any headaches over equal heights or fragile layouts made with floated elements .
Putting Principles into Practice
This article has presented a basic primer to the usage of the table - related values of the CSS display property — finally , a source of relief for all those struggling to construct reliable grid - based layouts using CSS !
We had an introduction to the straightforward approach to layout provided by CSS tables .
We explored the various table - related display values available , looked at the nature of anonymous table elements , and discovered some other useful CSS table properties .
The next step is up to you — with any luck , you have realized the potential CSS tables provide for creating grid layouts , and are now bursting with curiosity !
Using the knowledge gained in this article , you ’re all set up to begin experimenting with your own CSS table layouts and create new techniques .
This chapter is taken from the book Everything You Know About CSS Is Wrong by Rachel Andrew and Kevin Yank , published by Sitepoint and available now .
Related Topics : XHTML , Web Design , HTML , CSS
