NEW YORK  Morgan Stanley ( MS ) clients withdrew a net $ 46 billion from money - market accounts last month , forcing the embattled investment bank to buy $ 23 billion of securities from the funds to help them meet redemptions .
According to its quarterly results , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , customers withdrew cash from money - market and liquidity funds as the breakdown of capital markets raised doubts about the future of Wall Street .
The September cash flight followed net inflows of $ 8 billion the three months ended Aug. 31 , Morgan Stanley said in the filing .
Morgan Stanley purchased securities from its money market funds because a wide range of money market instruments were impossible to trade .
The firm said it bought highly rated , short - term commercial paper , municipal bonds , certificates of deposit and notes for its own books .
Such purchases could result in losses for Morgan Stanley in future periods , if the recent past is any guide .
Morgan Stanley reported $ 10 million of third - quarter losses on securities it previously purchased from structured investment vehicles , or SIVs .
The past nine months , the bank has recorded $ 283 million of losses related to SIVs .
In the second half of last year , a breakdown in commercial paper markets led to plunging prices and rating downgrades of securities issued by SIVs , which are off - balance - sheet funds .
Various Morgan Stanley funds had invested in SIV securities , which aim to borrow at lower short - term rates and lend at higher longer - term rates .
As it did with the money markets , Morgan Stanley purchased $ 900 million of securities from SIVs last year , plus $ 217 million during the nine months ended Aug. 31 , the bank said .
The normally staid money - market fund industry was roiled after Lehman Brothers Holdings went bankrupt last month .
A day after the No. 4 investment bank filed for bankruptcy , the $ 63 billion Reserve Primary Fund wrote off $ 785 million of Lehman debt , which led the fund 's value to fall below $ 1 per share — " breaking the buck " — and sparked a run on other money market funds .
Since then , the government has offered to insure money market mutual funds and last week , the Federal Reserve announced a $ 540 billion Money Market Investor Funding Facility to prop up funds .
Copyright 2008 Reuters Limited .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I kid you not .
In the midst of watching cable news talking heads report the financial gloom and doom of crashing markets and multi-billion dollar " too big to fail " conglomerates ... failing , I am suddenly confronted by a smiling dude in a Dapper - Dan suit and slicked - back hair telling me that they will buy ANY of my gold -- " even unpaired earrings and GOLD TEETH ! "
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Sheeesh !
If you 're wondering how bad things will get , maybe this will give you a hint .
Already , we have folks paying for prime - time spots during some of television 's most - watched political commentary programs asking you to hock your choppers for some extra dough to pay the electric bill .
And they 're only doing it because they know times are tough , and they just wanna help .
Or maybe it's because the only thing that will be worth a warm bucket of spit in a few months will be gold .
Those little slips of paper with faces of old white men in powdered wigs you keep in your pocket wo n't be worth the ...er ... paper they 're printed on .
There have been those who have been telling us this for years .
Gold is where it 's at .
Ron Paul has preached till his hair turned white that the worst thing to ever happen to the country was when we eschewed the gold standard and started making money from thin air .
All the " educated " folks called him a kook .
A group of true believers started making Ron Paul " Liberty Dollars " a while back from gold and silver .
The gub 'ment did n't think it was very funny .
FBI and Secret Service agents raided their offices and took everything in them , including " all the gold , all the silver , all the platinum and almost two tons of Ron Paul Dollars ...
They also took all the files , all the computers and froze [ their ] bank accounts . "
The webmaster at WhatReally Happened.com posited that , " Maybe George Bush was jealous because nobody wants to put his face on coins ( just toilet paper ) . "
One OEN reader has commented that he just lost $ 50,000 from his 401 ( K ) .
Another good investment , for those who are fairly certain the next president will be another old white man , may be in bomb shelters ( as per an article by Ms. Mary MacElveen . )
Oh , well .
I gotta go yank some molars .
Now , where did I put those pliers ...
By JC Garrett
W hen Barack Obama was elected president on that electrifying night early last month , it became clear – if it was n't already – why Stephen Harper had rushed Canadians to the polls a few weeks earlier .
The last thing Harper would have wanted was to run for re-election after Americans had chosen a historic figure who promised to overturn the very Bush agenda to which Harper had so resolutely clung .
In particular , Harper was saddled with a history of lining up ever so close to Bush on two vital issues of growing importance – resistance to addressing climate change and an unwillingness to abandon discredited neo-conservative economic policies .
Obama had talked eloquently during the campaign about overturning the Bush stance on both .
Harper may be many things but he 's not dim - witted .
After the Obama victory – which produced near euphoria in Canada – Harper realized he had to abandon ( or at least disguise ) his Bush - era mentality .
And for a while he did , approaching the Obama camp about a U.S. - Canada deal on greenhouse gas emissions , and signing onto the Obama - led chorus calling for Keynesian - style economic stimulus .
Harper even urged running up deficits , the once unforgivable political sin that now seems less controversial than community organizing .
But , as the government 's economic update revealed last week , Harper can suppress his deep right - wing urges only so long before they start erupting in the most embarrassing ways .
The update was almost incoherent .
In the midst of the worst economic crisis since the '30s , the document was severely lacking in economic stimulus , even reporting plans for a small surplus ( whatever happened to Harper 's new best friend , the deficit ? ) and was full of old - style partisan backstabbing and public sector union bashing .
It was more Sarah Palin than Barack Obama .
Accustomed to beating the opposition into submission , Harper apparently had n't noticed that , where there had once been nothing but mushy soft stuff , the Liberal party had miraculously grown a spine .
Let 's hope it does n't shrivel .
A Liberal - NDP coalition , headed temporarily by lame duck Liberal Leader Stéphane Dion , promises to be a superior government to one run by Harper .
And any last - ditch attempt by Harper to prove himself a born - again Keynesian – promising deficits from sea to sea to sea – would have little credibility .
We 've all seen what this guy does when he thinks he can get away with it .
Certainly , there is much that a Liberal - NDP government could accomplish – on the economy , on climate change , on poverty .
The Liberals are always at their best when they feel the hot NDP breath of social justice tickling at their necks .
Otherwise , they tend to simply cavort with big business .
When the NDP held the balance of power federally from 1972 to 1974 , the Liberals introduced a national affordable housing program , pension indexing and a national oil company .
The Liberal - NDP accord in Ontario led to the first provincial pay equity legislation in 1987 .
It 's true that a majority of Canadians did n't choose Dion to be prime minister .
But the same is true of Harper , a polarizing figure who provokes intense negative reactions in many Canadians .
During the recent campaign , there was much talk of strategic voting among Liberals , NDP and Greens – anything to stop another Harper government .
A substantial 62 per cent of voters cast ballots in the hopes of electing someone other than Harper .
The majority may finally get the result it wanted , not the one our cockeyed , first - past - the - post electoral system so often delivers .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
lmcquaig@sympatico.ca
Read more about :
This is the litany :
Our resources are running out .
The air is bad , the water worse .
The planet 's species are dying off - more exactly , we 're killing them - at the staggering rate of 100,000 peryear , a figure that works out to almost 2,000 species per week , 300 per day , 10 perhour , another dead species every six minutes .
We 're trashing the planet , washing away the topsoil , paving over our farmlands , systematically deforesting our wildernesses , decimating the biota , and ultimately killing ourselves .
The world is getting progressively poorer , and it's all because of population , or more precisely , overpopulation .
There 's a finite store of resources on our pale blue dot , spaceship Earth , our small and fragile tiny planet , and we 're fast approaching its ultimate carrying capacity .
The limits to growth are finally upon us , and we 're living on borrowed time .
The laws of population growth are inexorable .
Unless we act decisively , the final result is written in stone : mass poverty , famine , starvation , and death .
Time is short , and we have to act now .
That 's the standard and canonical litany .
It 's been drilled into our heads so far and so forcefully that to hear it yet once more is ... well , it 's almost reassuring .
It 's comforting , oddly consoling - at least we 're face to face with the enemies : consumption , population , mindless growth .
And we know the solution : cut back , contract , make do with less .
" Live simply so that others may simply live . "
There 's just one problem with The Litany , just one slight little wee imperfection : every item in that dim and dreary recitation , each and every last claim , is false .
Incorrect .
At variance with the truth .
Not the way it is , folks .
Thus saith The Doomslayer , one Julian L. Simon , a neither shy nor retiring nor particularly mild - mannered professor of business administration at a middling eastern - seaboard state university .
Simon paints a somewhat different picture of the human condition circa 1997 .
" Our species is better off in just about every measurable material way , " he says .
" Just about every important long - run measure of human material welfare shows improvement over the decades and centuries , in the United States and the rest of the world .
Raw materials - all of them - have become less scarce rather than more .
The air in the US and in other rich countries is irrefutably safer to breathe .
Water cleanliness has improved .
The environment is increasingly healthy , with every prospect that this trend will continue .
" Fear is rampant about rapid rates of species extinction , " he continues , " but the fear has little or no basis .
The highest rate of observed extinction , though certainly more have gone extinct unobserved , is one species per year ... "
( One species per year ! )
" ... in contrast to the 40,000 per year that some ecologists have been forecasting for the year 2000 .
" The scare that farmlands are blowing and washing away is a fraud upon the public .
The aggregate data on the condition of farmland and the rate of erosion do not support the concern about soil erosion .
The data suggest that the condition of cropland has been improving rather than worsening . "
As for global deforestation , " the world is not being deforested ; it is being reforested in general . "
Still , there is one resource that the world does not have enough of , that 's actually getting rarer , according to Julian Simon .
That resource : people .
" People are becoming more scarce , " he says , " even though there are more of us . "
Hello ?
Simon started off as a card - carrying antigrowth , antipopulation zealot .
He 'd been won over by the conventional reasoning ; he regarded the central argument as absolutely persuasive .
And indeed , if we rehearse it now , it sounds like a faultless proof , clear and compelling , even watertight .
The classical case against population growth was expressed in 1798 by Thomas Malthus , the British economist and country parson who wrote in An Essay on the Principle of Population : " Population , when unchecked , increases in a geometrical ratio .
Subsistence increases only in an arithmetical ratio .
A slight acquaintance with numbers will show the immensity of the first power in comparison of the second . "
As a point of abstract mathematics , there is no way around the conclusion that a geometric progression , if carried on far enough , will eventually overtake an arithmetic progression , no matter what .
If population increases geometrically while " subsistence , " or food , increases arithmetically , then sooner or later the population will run out of food .
End of story .
Or so it would appear , except for the following embarrassing fact : " Population has never increased geometrically , " says Simon .
" It increases at all kinds of different rates historically , but however fast it increases , food increases at least as fast , if not faster .
In other words , whatever the rate of population growth is , the food supply increases at an even faster rate . "
These , he says , are the actual and empirical facts of the matter , information available to any inquirer .
Simon first got a taste of those facts while studying the data amassed by the economic demographer Simon Kuznets ( winner of the 1971 Nobel Prize in economics ) and by economist Richard Easterlin , in the mid-1960s .
Kuznets had followed population growth trends that went back 100 years and compared them against standard of living , while Easterlin analyzed the same data for selected countries since World War II .
The studies showed that while population growth rates varied from country to country and from year to year , there was no general negative correlation with living standards .
People did not become poorer as the population expanded ; rather , as their numbers multiplied , they produced what they needed to support themselves , and they prospered .
The trends were the same for food supply .
Rising population did not mean less food , just the opposite : instead of skyrocketing as predicted by the Malthusian theory , food prices , relative to wages , had declined historically .
In the United States , for example , between 1800 and 1980 , the price of wheat plummeted while the population grew from 5 million to 226 million .
Accord-ing to Malthus , all those people should have been long dead , the country reduced to a handful of fur trappers on the brink of starvation .
In fact , there was a booming and flourishing populace , one that was better - fed , taller , healthier , more disease - free , with far less infant mortality and longer life expectancy than ever before in human history .
Obesity , not starvation , was the major American food problem in 1980 .
Those were the facts .
Nor should they have come as any great surprise , once you gave the matter some thought .
Plants and animals used for food constitute " populations " just as human beings do , and so they , too , ought to increase not arithmetically , as Malthus claimed , but geometrically .
The food supply , in other words , ought to keep pace with human population growth , thereby leaving all of us well - fed , happy , and snug in our beds .
Which , Simon discovered , is exactly what has happened throughout history .
So if you look at the facts - as opposed to spinning out theories - you find precisely the reverse of the situation described by Malthus .
Just the opposite !
Simon acquired his habit of looking up the facts in early childhood , at the dinner table of the family home in Newark , New Jersey .
He'd be in some argument with his father over the benefits of exercise , the price of butter , or the health value of air conditioning , and whether from ignorance , pigheadedness , or general perversity , his father would always take some outlandish , off - the - wall viewpoint , such as : " The price of butter is 8 cents a pound . "
Julian : " No , it 's not , it 's 80 cents a pound .
It 's in the newspaper , take a look . "
Father : " I do n't have to look .
I know it 's 8 cents a pound . "
Julian : " Do you want to bet ?
I 'll bet you it 's not 8 cents a pound . "
His father would never take the bet , but Julian would go to the library anyway , look things up in books , and come back with a ream of facts and data .
His father , however , could n't care less .
" I clearly did n't like my father , " says Simon .
It 's an attitude that drives him crazy to this day - people who know in advance what the truth is , who do n't need to avail themselves of any " facts . "
But Simon loves facts and figures , he loves tables , charts , graphs , information arranged in rows and columns .
Tabulations , the slopes of curves , diagrams , pie charts , histograms - he 's a regular Mr. Data .
Of course , since people do n't particularly like to have their cherished beliefs contradicted by heaps of facts served up on a platter , Simon has never been Mr. Popularity .
He got fired from jobs in the navy because he hated the customary ass - kissing , sucking - up , and yessir requirements .
Nor has he ever been much for schmoozing , glad - handing , or the latter - day manners of get - along , go - along .
" Socially I was always a bit marginal , " he admits .
" Also , there always lurked inside me some irreverence for authority and orthodoxy . "
None of this held him back academically .
He got a bachelor 's in experimental psychology from Harvard , an MBA from the University of Chicago , and , two years later , in 1961 , a PhD in business economics from the same school .
He was not one of those MBAs whose closest contact with the gritty business world was going down to the corner newsstand to purchase a copy of The Wall Street Journal .
The year he got his doctorate he started and operated his own business , a mail - order firm that sold quality teas , coffees , and a book on how to make beer at home .
The enterprise was successful enough , but not so much as the book he later wrote about it , How to Start and Operate a Mail - Order Business ( McGraw - Hill , 1965 ) , still in print and currently in its fifth edition .
He got married and had three kids and wound up , successively , as professor of advertising , of marketing , and of business administration and economics at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
Then in 1966 or so , he had his big idea about how to solve the airline overbooking problem .
Anticipating no -shows , airlines routinely oversold their flights .
But when more people showed up at the gate than the plane had seats , pandemonium ensued .
* Well , why not pay people to get off the plane ?* he wondered .
Offer them enough to make it attractive .
It would be a voluntary system , and everyone would win .
So in his practical , down - to - earth , this - is - only - reasonable fashion , he submitted his suggestion to the airlines .
The idea was laughed at , mocked , and ridiculed as unrealistic and unworkable .
An official at Pan American replied : " Of course , we instituted the procedure immediately , after having the instructions translated into 18 languages . "
Ha ha ha , thank you , and goodbye .
Eleven years later , in 1977 , Simon had n't given up on the scheme .
He published it in The Wall Street Journal , in an op - ed piece titled " Wherein the Author Offers a Modest Proposal . "
And lo and behold , a year after that , when economist Alfred Kahn headed up the Civil Aeronautics Board , Simon 's proposal was put into practice .
It was a raging success from the start , remains so to this day , and anyone who 's ever voluntarily offloaded themselves from a plane for cash or free miles owes a nod of thanks to Julian Simon .
Still , that was a mere flash in the pan , and Simon 's overall impact on the world at large was rather less massive than he desired .
He was not making a name for himself , not setting the world on fire .
But there were those who were - Paul Ehrlich , for example .
Ehrlich , a Stanford University entomologist who as a youth had seen his best butterfly hunting grounds churned under the real estate developer 's plow , wrote the runaway best - seller The Population Bomb .
Published in 1968 , the book was solidly Malthusian .
" The battle to feed all of humanity is over , " it began .
" In the 1970s and 1980s hundreds of millions of people will starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked upon now .
At this late date nothing can prevent a substantial increase in the world death rate , although many lives could be saved through dramatic programs to ' stretch ' the carrying capacity of the earth by increasing food production and providing for more equitable distribution of whatever food is available .
But these programs will only provide a stay of execution unless they are accompanied by determined and successful efforts at population control . "
And so on , The Complete and Authoritative Litany , for the next 200 pages .
This late - breaking Malthusian out - burst , strangely enough , did set the world on fire .
The book sold 3 million copies , became the best - selling environmental tract of all time , and got the author on The Tonight Show .
At home in Illinois , Simon watched Ehrlich on the Johnny Carson show , and he went bananas .
In fact , more bananas than he'd ever before gone in his life .
Simon had by that time decided that the Malthusian stuff was the purest mythology , an invention out of whole cloth , a theory that was entirely controverted by every available empirical fact .
And here was Paul Ehrlich on TV spreading his stardust all over the place and holding Johnny Carson in some kind of mystic thrall .
" It absolutely drove me out of my skull , " he recalls .
" Here was a guy reaching a vast audience , leading this juggernaut of environmentalist hysteria , and I felt utterly helpless .
What could I do ?
Go talk to five people ? "
As bad an experience as that was , matters immediately got worse .
The next year , 1969 , Ehrlich published an article called " Eco-Catastrophe ! " in Ramparts .
" Most of the people who are going to die in the greatest cataclysm in the history of man have already been born , " it said .
" By that time [ 1975 ] some experts feel that food shortages will have escalated the present level of world hunger and starvation into famines of unbelievable proportions . "
Then , in 1974 , Ehrlich and his wife , Anne Ehrlich , also a Stanford biologist , published a new book , The End of Affluence , in which they warned of a " nutritional disaster that seems likely to overtake humanity in the 1970s ( or , at the latest , the 1980s ) .
Due to a combination of ignorance , greed , and callousness , a situation has been created that could lead to a billion or more people starving to death ....
Before 1985 mankind will enter a genuine age of scarcity " in which " the accessible supplies of many key minerals will be nearing depletion . "
Julian Simon read this stuff , which he viewed as unalloyed and total nonsense .
He brooded and fumed and stewed in his juices .
He experienced what might be called a personal lull .
And then , finally , in 1980 he emerged from the cocoon .
He 'd gone into it as a humble professor of marketing and a passive spectator of global death sentence forecasts .
But now , suddenly , he broke out into the light of day , he sprang forth onto the world stage , he started swinging his diamond - tipped sword - thwick - thwack ! - as ... The Doomslayer !
The rebirth occurred in the pages of Science , in an article titled " Resources , Population , Environment : An Oversupply of False Bad News . "
It led with a summary that became a manifesto :
False bad news about population growth , natural resources , and the environment is published widely in the face of contrary evidence .
For example , the world supply of arable land has actually been increasing , the scarcity of natural resources including food and energy has been decreasing , and basic measures of U.S. environmental quality show positive trends .
The aggregate data show no long - run negative effect of population growth upon standard of living .
Models that embody forces omitted in the past , especially the influence of population size upon productivity increase , suggest a long - run positive effect of additional people .
Written in the form of Statement followed by Fact , every reigning doomsday dragon was neatly slashed in half , the severed beasts left flapping around on the ground like fish .
Statement :
The food situation in less - developed countries is worsening .
Fact :
Per capita food production has been increasing at roughly 1 percent yearly - 25 percent during the last quarter century .
Statement : Urban sprawl is paving over the United States , including much " prime agricultural land " and recreational areas .
Fact :
All the land used for urban areas plus roadways totals less than 3 percent of the United States ....
Each year 1.25 million acres are converted to efficient cropland by draining swamps and irrigating deserts ....
A million acres yearly goes into additional wilderness recreation areas and wildlife refuges , and another 300,000 acres goes for reservoirs and flood control .
So on and so forth , fact piled upon fact , paragraph after paragraph , all of it buttressed by tables , charts , graphs , and diagrams , plus 42 footnotes , many of them containing additional data .
Letters to the editor poured into Science in an unseemly rush .
A few of them expressed partial agreement , but the majority were heavily critical .
Many of them repeated statutory items of The Litany - " human beings , like any other species , have the biological capacity to overrun the carrying capacity of their habitat " - and there were even some feeble attempts at humor : in extrapolating from past trends , said one writer , Simon is like " the person who leaped from a very tall building and on being asked how things were going as he passed the 20th floor replied , ' Fine , so far . ' "
( Simon 's response : " I think the better story is about somebody who has a rope lifeline and falls off the 15th floor .
Somewhere about 30 feet above the ground , she lets go of the rope .
You ask her , ' Why did you let go of the rope ? '
And she answers , ' It was going to break anyway . '
That 's how many activists would like us to behave . " )
Anne and Paul Ehrlich , along with two energy and natural resource experts , John Holdren and John Harte , wrote their own letter to the editor .
After charging Simon with various " errors about the economics of scarcity , " they went on to make some new doomsday predictions : " If deforestation for agriculture proceeds on a large enough scale , the resulting pulse of carbon dioxide may combine with that from increasing fossil - fuel combustion to alter global climate in a way that undermines food production to an unprecedented degree . "
They also corrected one of Simon 's data points having to do with electricity , which Simon claimed had gotten cheaper .
" The fact is , " they said , " that real electricity prices bottomed in 1971 and were already up 18 percent from that low point in 1972 . "
An 18 percent increase where Simon said there 'd been a decline !
" I was taken aback , " said Simon in his published reply .
" Holdren and Harte are energy scholars .
I checked Fig. 1 and other sources but could see no sign of their 18 percent . "
So he placed a phone call to the coauthor of the report cited by Holdren , Harte , and the Ehrlichs .
" He , too , was puzzled .
Upon investigation , the 1971 number ( 80.2 ) proved to be a typographical error and should have been 93.3 .
So much for Holdren et alia 's ' fact . ' "
The battle lines now drawn , it was not long before Ehrlich and Simon met for a duel in the sun .
The face - off occurred in the pages of Social Science Quarterly , where Simon challenged Ehrlich to put his money where his mouth was .
In response to Ehrlich 's published claim that " If I were a gambler , I would take even money that England will not exist in the year 2000 " - a proposition Simon regarded as too silly to bother with - Simon countered with " a public offer to stake US $ 10,000 ... on my belief that the cost of non-government - controlled raw materials ( including grain and oil ) will not rise in the long run . "
You could name your own terms : select any raw material you wanted - copper , tin , whatever - and select any date in the future , " any date more than a year away , " and Simon would bet that the commodity 's price on that date would be lower than what it was at the time of the wager .
" How about it , doomsayers and catastrophists ?
First come , first served . "
In California , Paul Ehrlich stepped right up - and why not ?
He 'd been repeating the Malthusian argument for years ; he was sure that things were running out , that resources were getting scarcer - " nearing depletion , " as he'd said - and therefore would have to become more expensive .
A public wager would be the chance to demonstrate the shrewdness of his forecasts , draw attention to the catastrophic state of the world situation , and , not least , force this Julian Simon character to eat his words .
So he jumped at the chance : " I and my colleagues , John P. Holdren ( University of California , Berkeley ) and John Harte ( Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory ) , jointly accept Simon 's astonishing offer before other greedy people jump in . "
Ehrlich and his colleagues picked five metals that they thought would undergo big price rises : chromium , copper , nickel , tin , and tungsten .
Then , on paper , they bought $ 200 worth of each , for a total bet of $ 1,000 , using the prices on September 29 , 1980 , as an index .
They designated September 29 , 1990 , 10 years hence , as the payoff date .
If the inflation - adjusted prices of the various metals rose in the interim , Simon would pay Ehrlich the combined difference ; if the prices fell , Ehrlich et alia would pay Simon .
Then they sat back and waited .
Between 1980 and 1990 , the world 's population grew by more than 800 million , the largest increase in one decade in all of history .
But by September 1990 , without a single exception , the price of each of Ehrlich 's selected metals had fallen , and in some cases had dropped through the floor .
Chrome , which had sold for $ 3.90 a pound in 1980 , was down to $ 3.70 in 1990 .
Tin , which was $ 8.72 a pound in 1980 , was down to $ 3.88 a decade later .
Which is how it came to pass that in October 1990 , Paul Ehrlich mailed Julian Simon a check for $ 576.07 .
A more perfect resolution of the Ehrlich - Simon debate could not be imagined .
All of the former 's grim predictions had been decisively overturned by events .
Ehrlich was wrong about higher natural resource prices , about " famines of unbelievable proportions " occurring by 1975 , about " hundreds of millions of people starving to death " in the 1970s and ' 80s , about the world " entering a genuine age of scarcity . "
In 1990 , for his having promoted " greater public understanding of environmental problems , " Ehrlich received a MacArthur Foundation " genius " award .
By the time he'd won the bet , Simon and his family had moved back to the East Coast , he to take up a position as professor of business administration at the University of Maryland , and his wife , Rita Simon , a sociologist , to become professor of criminal justice at the American University in Washington , DC .
They moved into a red brick house in Chevy Chase , Maryland , an upper - middle - class community inside the Beltway .
The house had computers on every floor , two Xerox copiers , and an assortment of exercise machines on which Julian Simon read books or newspapers while trying to keep his spare and straight body in fighting trim .
When it was n't raining , snowing , or more than 100 degrees outside , he did his research and writing out on the deck , sometimes with a wet sponge covering his shaved bald head .
He 'd sit there in the shade of the mulberry tree , binoculars nearby to stare at birds - particularly hummingbirds that came to a feeder .
And with battery - acid coffee from a thermos that looked as if it came over on the Mayflower , he'd tilt at new windmills .
He always found it somewhat peculiar that neither the Science piece nor his public wager with Ehrlich nor anything else that he did , said , or wrote seemed to make much of a dent on the world at large .
For some reason he could never comprehend , people were inclined to believe the very worst about anything and everything ; they were immune to contrary evidence just as if they 'd been medically vaccinated against the force of fact .
Furthermore , there seemed to be a bizarre reverse - Cassandra effect operating in the universe : whereas the mythical Cassandra spoke the awful truth and was not believed , these days " experts " spoke awful falsehoods , and they were believed .
Repeatedly being wrong actually seemed to be an advantage , conferring some sort of puzzling magic glow upon the speaker .
There was Lester Brown , for example , founder and president of the Worldwatch Institute , who in 1981 wrote : " The period of global food security is over .
As the demand for food continues to press against the supply , inevitably real food prices will rise .
The question no longer seems to be whether they will rise but how much . "
All during the 1980s , however , wheat and rice prices declined ; in mid-century , in fact , they reached all - time lows .
But this made no difference , and in 1986 , for his work on the " global economy and the natural resources and the systems that support it , " Lester Brown , too , received
a MacArthur Foundation " genius " award .
Julian Simon never received a MacArthur award .
" MacArthur ! " he says .
" I ca n't even get a McDonald's ! "
This did not discourage him .
Doomslaying was a thankless task , but it had to be done , like taking out the garbage : it had to be carted to the dump today even if there 'd be another big pile of it tomorrow .
So Simon penned tract after tract pleading his case : The Ultimate Resource ( Princeton University Press , 1981 ) , arguing that the most valuable resource of all was people ; Theory of Population and Economic Growth in 1986 ; Population and Development in Poor Countries in 1992 , and so on .
In all , he wrote or edited a rough dozen such books , all of them aimed at demolishing one or another tenet of The Litany .
But the nearest he got to that MacArthur was a senior fellowship from the conservative Cato Institute .
Naturally , he received a fair amount of bad press for all this heresy , particularly for his pet claim that what the world needs most is lots of additional human beings .
They 're not just mouths to feed , he argued .
Newborn babes grow up to be creative adults ; they turn into individuals who contribute and achieve , who give back far more than they ever take .
But nobody could believe it .
" He 's overly optimistic , " said Peggy Rizo , then of the Washington , DC - based Population Crisis Committee , now called Population Action International .
" He is an economist who is trying to transpose what he believes to be the American prairie experience into the experience of crowded areas like Africa , Central America , and Asia . "
" What does it mean in terms of the quality of life of the people of the 21st century when cities are joined to cities and we have just several huge megalopolises ? " asked Rupert Cutler , then executive director of the Environmental Fund , which became Population Environment Balance , headquartered in Washington , DC .
" I think we can predict a pall of brown air over these cities .
We can predict water shortages , joblessness ... and crime . "
Well , it was n't as if Julian Simon had n't heard that before .
Finally , in 1995 he came out with his crowning fact - feast and catalog of bounty , a book he edited called The State of Humanity .
Almost 700 pages of dense text plus charts and figures , the quantity of factual information in it was nothing short of amazing .
Simon had data you did n't even know people track , such as :
World cereal yields , 1950 - 1990 .
Declining crowding in American housing , persons per room , 1900 - 1987 .
Northeast Brazil : apparent per capita daily consumption of major starchy staples among low - income classes , 1974 - 1975 .
Industrial lead pollution at Camp Century , Greenland , since 800 BC .
Oxygen content ( in milliliters per liter ) at 100 meters depth at Station F 12 in the Bothnian Bay of the Baltic Sea 1900 - 1968 .
Arcane as some of it was , Simon was extremely adept at using this material in formal debates .
In July 1996 , at a public event sponsored by the World Future Society , Simon debated Hazel Henderson , a private researcher and author ofBuilding a Win-Win World ( see " Win- Win World , " page 152 ) .
Henderson , who was trying to make a case that government regulation was responsible for reduced air pollution , came armed with a graph showing a decline in pollution levels in London since the late 1950s .
The slope of the line was clearly downward , illustrating , she said , the effect of London 's Clean Air Act of 1956 .
In his rebuttal period , Simon presented a graph of his own .
Whenever he presents any data , his practice is to present the figures going all the way back to day one , to the start of record - keeping on the parameter in question .
You have to focus on aggregate trends over the long term , he insists , not just pick and choose some little fleeting data chunks that seem to support your case .
So his own chart of smoke levels in London stretched back into the 1800s , and the line from the 1920s on showed a constant and uniform downward slope .
" If you look at all the data , " he said , " you ca n't tell that there was a clean - air act at any point . "
Anyone who wonders about the accuracy of Simon 's data or conjures up rafts of competing data on the other side of the issue will be met with Simon 's claim that : " There are no other data . "
His statistics , he claims , come from the " official " sources , the standard reference works that everyone uses .
" Test for yourself the assertion that the physical conditions of humanity have gotten better .
Pick up the US Census Bureau 's Statistical Abstract of the United States and Historical Statistics of the United States at the nearest library .
They 're accessible to any schoolkid .
Start at 1800 .
Those books have half the data you need for almost anything . "
Well , if you 've never opened a volume of Historical Statistics of the United States , you do n't know what excitement is .
Two fat square tomes chock - full of charts , tables , and black ink .
" Wonderful , wonderful books ! "
For each of Simon 's claims that I checked , the data in those volumes were identical to his .
Black infant mortality rates are declining , he says in The State of Humanity .
And on page 57 of volume one of Historical Statistics of the United States , in Table B 136 - 147 , under " Fetal Death Ratio ; neonatal , infant , and maternal mortality rates , by race : 1915 to 1970 , " the precise same decline in mortality rates is presented in tabular form : from 180 black infant deaths per 1,000 live births in 1915 to 31 per 1,000 in 1970 .
Similarly , his figures for life expectancy correspond to those in the original sources .
Same for air pollution .
So go ahead and check his data !
Enjoy !
Some of Simon 's other claims , however , are so far from received opinion as to be hard to take seriously - his view on species loss , for example , regarding which he asserts that " the highest rate of observed extinctions is one species per year . "
That was hard to accept .
Harvard biologist Edward O. Wilson , the guru of global species extinction , said in 1991 : " Believe me , species become extinct .
We 're easily eliminating 100,000 a year . "
A year later , in his 1992 book The Diversity of Life , he had modified that figure somewhat , saying : " The number of species doomed each year is 27,000 . "
Apparently , these numbers were a tiny bit slippery .
Still , both of them were a far cry from Simon 's " one species per year . "
Simon , on the other hand , pointed out that the higher estimates did not come from observation , they came from theory , specifically from Wilson 's own theory of " island biogeography " which correlates species extinction with tropical forest destruction .
The theory 's " species - area equation , " supposedly , predicts that for each additional unit of forest destroyed , so many more species die out .
This was another mathematical argument , reminiscent of the one made long ago by Malthus , and it was exactly the type of Neat Mathematical Certainty that Julian Simon took so much joy in shooting big holes through , which is what he proceeded to do now .
The problem with the theory , he wrote in a paper on species loss with Aaron Wildavsky , is that it is not borne out by the empirical facts .
" The only empirical observation we found is by Lugo for Puerto Rico , where ' human activity reduced the area of primary forests by 99 percent ....
This massive forest conversion did not lead to a correspondingly massive species extinction . ' "
Simon quoted Lugo to the effect that " more land birds have been present on the Island in the 1980s ( 97 species ) than were present in pre-Columbian times ( 60 species ) . "
Say again ?
The forest was 99 percent demolished , and the number of bird species actually rose ?
Even for me , this was too much .
The International Institute of Tropical Forestry , part of the US Forest Service , is located in an overgrown gray stone building in San Juan 's Botanical Gardens .
Ariel E. Lugo , a slim , gray - bearded man in a silver - green forest service uniform , is director .
He 's also a world - class expert on tropical forests and species extinction .
A native of Puerto Rico , Lugo was educated in San Juan through his master 's degree , came to the mainland , got a PhD in plant ecology from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , then taught botany for 10 years at the University of Florida .
He spent two years at the Puerto Rico Department of Natural Resources and two more years on Jimmy Carter 's Council on Environmental Quality in Washington , DC .
Finally , he went back to San Juan as director of the Institute , a position he 's held for the last 17 years .
" I see myself as in the middle of the road , " he says .
" On the right of me is Julian Simon , who sees nothing wrong .
You know , ' We 're doing just fine . '
I do n't want you to put me at that extreme . "
Still , Lugo is not what could be called a major supporter of Wilson 's theory of island biogeography , or of the species - area equation that forms its mathematical centerpiece .
The equation is simple enough : S = CAz where S is the number of species , A is the area , and C and z are constants for the type of species in question , its location , and other factors .
The apparent certainty it embodies , however , is an illusion , according to Lugo .
" The first uncertainty is that we do n't know how many species there are .
The margin of error is enormous : depending on who you talk to there is anywhere between 5 million and 100 million species , but science has described only a million species .
How can you predict how many species are lost if you do n't know how many species you 're dealing with ? "
The second problem is that the equation was never intended to describe extinctions to begin with .
" It was a device for explaining the number of species on islands , " he says .
Generally , the bigger the island , the more species it has , other things being equal .
But even if cutting down an island 's forests causes species to leave the area , that 's not the same thing as making those species extinct .
" The presence or absence of a species in a particular area is one thing , whereas wiping out the genome of that species is another thing altogether - wiping out the seed , wiping out the mechanisms for hibernation , wiping out its dispersal , wiping out the management of the species .
That 's a completely different biology .
" And what is the relationship between deforestation and species loss to begin with ? " he asks .
" Do we understand that ?
Do we know that when you deforest an acre , you lose x proportion of species , to extinction ?
Well , I 'm afraid that nobody knows that .
There is not one study that can claim to have understood the relationship between deforestation and
species lost to extinction .
" And so if you 're an objective scientist , " he says , " you can not put a number to the rate of species lost .
But I believe we 're exaggerating the numbers .
" What 's unstated in all this is that when you deforest , you go to zero , that you go to pavement .
That 's how I put it , that ' you go to pavement . '
This is why people get mad at me , because at this point in my talks I show a slide of pavement , but the pavement has weeds growing through it .
I can take you to places of abandoned roads in the rain forest that have trees growing out of them . "
Trees sprouting from the asphalt !
Birds perching on the branches , insects crawling , worms boring , bees buzzing , lizards walking , moss growing on the tree trunk !
" Look at the example of Puerto Rico , " Lugo says .
" This island has a documented deforestation rate of 90 percent , and it has a documented loss of primary forest of 97 to 98 percent .
So here 's an island that has lost in the past , in the recentpast , up to the '50s - I was already born when the island was at the peak of deforestation - it 's lost almost all of its forest .
" The first surprise is that there are more bird species here now than ever , in part due to the invasion of nonindigenous species .
The second surprise is that much of the forest has grown back . "
On Lugo 's conference table is a book open to two photographs .
" Now , where I 'm gonna send you today , " he says , " is here . "
He points to a road that winds through the western fringe of El Yunque , the Caribbean National Forest , the only tropical rain forest in the US national forest system .
Picture One , an aerial photograph taken in 1951 , shows the area on the west side of the road : clear - cut , mowed down , absolutely denuded of trees .
It looks like stumps and dead grass .
The east side of the road , by contrast , is deep , dark , and flush with vegetation , an untouched virgin rain forest .
Picture
Two shows the same area 13 years later : from the aerial photograph , both sides of the road are identical .
" You can see that it recovered , " says Lugo .
" So , you take your car and you ride through these forests , and you tell me . "
Puerto Rico Route 186 is not far away , about 30 minutes by traffic jam .
The road is paved but unmarked , slightly more than a lane wide , just enough space for two cars to pass without the sound of impact .
You drive toward the mountains , white clouds bunched above , isolated raindrops spattering the windshield , and in five or six minutes there 's tropical forest on both sides .
Tall ferns , flame trees , mahogany trees , humongous green leafy plants , plus massive clumps of bamboo - stalks that tower 20 or 30 feet overhead .
Julian Simon :
The facts are fundamental .
Garrett Hardin :
The facts are not fundamental .
The theory is fundamental .
- from a 1982 debate with the UC Santa Barbara biologist
The doomslayer - doomsayer debate , Simon thinks , is an opposition between fact and bad theory , a case of empirical reality versus abstract principles that purport to define the way things work but do n't .
" It 's the difference , " he says , " between a speculative analysis of what must happen versus my empirical analysis of what has happened over the long sweep of history . "
The paradox is that those abstract principles and speculative analyses seem so very logical and believable , whereas the facts themselves , the story of what has happened , appear wholly illogical and impossible to explain .
After all , people are fruitful and they multiply but the stores of raw materials in the earth 's crust certainly do n't , so how can it be possible that , as the world 's population doubles , the price of raw materials is cut in half ?
It makes no sense .
Yet it has happened .
So there must be an explanation .
And there is : resources , for the most part , do n't grow on trees .
People produce them , they create them , whether it be food , factories , machines , new technologies , or stockpiles of mined , refined , and purified raw materials .
" Resources come out of people 's minds more than out of the ground or air , " says Simon .
" Minds matter economically as much as or more than hands or mouths .
Human beings create more than they use , on average .
It had to be so , or we would be an extinct species . "
The defect of the Malthusian models , superficially plausible but invariably wrong , is that they leave the human mind out of the equation .
" These models simply do not comprehend key elements of people - the imaginative and creative . "
As for the future , " This is my long - run forecast in brief , " says Simon .
" The material conditions of life will continue to get better for most people , in most countries , most of the time , indefinitely .
Within a century or two , all nations and most of humanity will be at or above today 's Western living standards .
" I also speculate , however , that many people will continue to think and say that the conditions of life are getting worse . "
But you do n't have to be one of those people , one of those forever Glum and Gloomy Gusses .
All you 've got to do is keep your mind on the facts .
The world is not coming to an end .
Things are not running out .
Time is not short .
So , smile !
Shout !
Enjoy the afternoon !
So if you 're still not sure of what to wear here 's some helpful suggestions ...
The hottest costumes for Halloween are n't really costumes at all .
Want a knock out costume for All Hallows Eve ?
Something that will make everyone double take and stare .
Sure you could buy and WEAR a costume this year .
But that 's what you did last year .
And the year before that .
If you really want something great to wear , do n't wear anything .
I 'm not talking birthday suit , I 'm thinking something a little more creative .
Grab some body paint and let your cookies give the crowd a treat .
There 's loads of costumes you can try .
For example , how about going as a ...
Ship 's Captain
Find a friend to be your first mate and you 'll be the life of the bash .
Dressed like this , everyone will say " Aye , Aye ! "
Superhero !
Wonder Woman .
Bat Girl .
Cat woman .
Supergirl .
Take your pick .
You 'll do plenty of saving that 's guaranteed .
Fox Hunt
You could dress up as a fox or paint yourself as a fox hunter and be both .
Cheerleader
2-4-6-8
Who do we appreciate ?
( Do I even have to answer . )
Nurse
Sexy nurse - expected .
Sexy latex body - painted nurse ?
Sizzle , sizzle .
Better call a doctor
Moto-cross
Engines started and revved .
Alice in Wonderland
Yes , that 's just what you 'll be .
Animals
Cheetah .
Leapard .
Tiger .
Animals are always in for Halloween .
That includes futuristic animal warriors too .
Soccer player
It 's the number 1 sport in the world and the perfect costume .
Goth
Body paint can help you play the villain too .
Whatever you choose for Halloween , go all out .
Now and Then – Alexander Ovechkin vs Pavel Bure
Today , I ’m introducing another new feature .
Basically I will be taking 2 players from separate eras that had a similar playing style and try to evaluate which is better .
There are all sorts of possibilities with this particular feature , but to start out I figured I ’d stick with players that younger hockey fans could weigh in on .
Perhaps no two players in the game have ever generated more excitement on a given shift than Alexander Ovechkin and Pavel Bure .
Both players are ( were ) explosive , and routinely score ( d ) goals of the highlight reel variety .
Comparisons of the two will be inevitable throughout Ovechkin ’s career , and I figured I ’d weigh in with my own take on the matter .
The Russian Rocket
When the Vancouver Canucks drafted Pavel Bure 113th overall in the 1989 draft they probably did n’t hold out much hope that the Russian Rocket would ever lace up his skates for the club .
Obviously every other NHL team was of the same opinion otherwise Bure would have been snapped up long before that .
Bure had been an absolute force at the World Junior Championships the winter before , leading the powerful Soviet team in scoring .
He would play two more years at the World Juniors and when he was done he was the leading goal scorer in that tournament ’s history with an incredible 27 goals in just 21 games .
During this time Pavel Bure was also starring for the powerful Soviet Red Army team , and he , along with linemates Sergei Fedorov and Alexander Mogilny quickly became one of the most dangerous lines in hockey .
It was obvious they were being groomed to follow in the footsteps of the legendary Soviet line of Krutov , Larionov and Makarov .
However a career with the Soviet team was not in Bure ’s future .
In 1991 - 92 the Russian Rocket made his first launch with the Vancouver Canucks , joining the club 15 games into the season , and never looked back .
I still remember watching that first game that Bure played with Vancouver .
He did n’t score , but every time he touched the puck it seemed like something magical would happen .
He pulled off at least two incredible end to end rushes that showed his tremendous speed and stick - handling ability , and had the crowd out of their seats on numerous occasions .
Right then I knew I was watching a player that was going to be a dominant force in the league .
Though he did n’t get on the score sheet that first game he quickly found his groove and managed an impressive 34 goals in his rookie campaign , good enough to capture the Calder trophy as rookie of the year .
That was just a taste of things to come .
Bure absolutely exploded offensively the following year , scoring 60 goals and 110 points in just his second season .
He thrilled fans , and filled buildings with his electrifying style of play .
So much for the sophomore jinx .
Just to prove it was n’t a fluke Bure scored another 60 goals and 107 points in his third season with the Canucks , becoming just the 8th player in NHL history to score 60 goals in two seasons .
He followed that up with one of the greatest playoff performances in Vancouver Canucks history , scoring 16 goals and adding 15 assists to help them get all the way to game 7 of the Stanley Cup finals before finally bowing out to the New York Rangers .
That would be the pinnacle of Pavel Bure ’s NHL hockey career .
The following season was shortened by an NHL lockout which saw Bure only net 20 goals in 44 games , respectable , but not up to the expectations of fans , media and himself .
The following season disaster struck .
Bure sustained an ACL tear in his knee that would see him shelved for the season .
He returned the following season , but only scored 23 goals .
However , in 1997 - 98 he was back on form , hitting the 50 goal plateau for the 3rd time as he tallied 51 goals , and 90 points to lead the Canucks .
However , despite his resurgence there were rumblings that Bure wanted out of Vancouver .
The Florida Era
Midway through the 1998 - 99 campaign
Bure got his wish , and he was dealt from Vancouver to the Florida Panthers which saw young up and coming defenseman , Ed Jovanovski come the other way .
The Florida sun obviously agreed with Bure and he had an immediate impact with his new team , scoring 13 goals in just 11 games .
However , the honeymoon would be interrupted as Bure again was forced to undergo knee surgery , putting him out for the remainder of the season .
The next two seasons Bure absolutely tore up the league , scoring 58 and 59 goals respectively .
In his second full season with the Panthers he scored an incredible 29.5 % of his team ’s total goals , an NHL record .
He played the bulk of the next season with Florida before being dealt to the Rangers .
He would go on to score 31 goals in just 51 games with the Rangers before his traitorous knees forced him to call it a career .
Much like they had with Mario Lemieux and Bobby Orr , injuries limited the sky high potential that this super - skilled , dynamic winger could have reached .
Had his knees held up and he could have had a long , healthy career there is little doubt in my mind that Pavel Bure would be the NHL ’s all time goal scoring leader .
He was that good .
But was he better than another certain Russian who is currently following in his footsteps ?
Alexander the GR8
After Pavel Bure retired I did n’t think I ’d ever see another player that could pull me out of my seat quite like the Russian Rocket did .
Boy , was I wrong .
Alexander Ovechkin is a one man wrecking crew and far and away the most exhilarating player in the NHL today .
Ovechkin’s father was a professional soccer player , and his mother was an Olympic gold medalist , so he definitely has the genetic makeup to be a phenomenal athlete , but even with that pedigree Ovechkin quickly outstripped the athletic abilities of his parents , and at a young age was already drawing the eyes of North American scouts who were drooling over the potential of the young Russian star .
Much like Bure had before him , Ovechkin joined a dominant Russian hockey team at the age of 16 when he signed on with Moscow Dynamo of the Russian Superleague .
Ovechkin would quickly establish his dominance even among men several years his senior and in the 2003 - 04 season he became the youngest player to lead Moscow Dynamo in scoring and was given the Superleague award for Best Left Winger .
At this point the NHL was at full attention and nobody was surprised when Ovechkin was selected as the # 1 overall pick in the 2004 draft by Washington .
However , because of the NHL lockout that erased the 2004 -2005 season eager Washington Capitals fans would have to wait another agonizing year before getting a first hand look at the Russian superstar .
When he finally got his chance to give Washington a taste of what he could do he did n’t disappoint , scoring 2 goals in his very first game in a victory over the Columbus Blue Jackets .
The extra year ’s wait did come with one benefit for hockey fans everywhere .
Sidney Crosby , a Canadian born hockey phenom was drafted the year following Ovechkin , and the lockout ensured that they would arrive in the NHL at the same time , setting up a legendary battle for the Calder trophy .
Ovechkin and Crosby did n’t disappoint , going head to head all season long , and putting up staggering numbers that had n’t been seen from rookies since Teemu Selanne ’s rookie campaign .
When the dust settled Ovechkin had the slight edge in points , 106 to 103 , and his 52 goals gave him the nod as the Calder trophy winner that year .
In his second year Ovechkin slowed down ever so slightly as teams became more accustomed to his style and became more adept at defending the dynamic forward .
Despite the extra attention from the league ’s best defensive players Ovechkin still put up 46 goals and 92 points .
However , it was year 3 that Ovechkin really came into his own , scoring a staggering 65 goals , and notching 112 total points .
These totals earned him the Rocket Richard trophy as the league ’s leading goal scorer , the Art Ross as the leading point producer , and the Hart trophy as NHL MVP .
He also got his first taste of playoff action , and helped the Caps push a strong Philadelphia Flyers team to overtime of game 7 before a Philly goal ended the hopes of fans of a dream series between Pittsburgh and Washington .
The Verdict ?
The style of play exhibited by Pavel Bure and Alexander Ovechkin is remarkably similar .
Bure had the rare ability to stickhandle while skating at full speed , and while Ovechkin does n’t quite have Bure ’s flash and dash with the puck he certainly has the ability to turn defenders inside out .
Ovechkin is one of those rare finesse players who hits harder than the players trying to shut him down .
Bure did n’t throw his weight around like Ovechkin does , but he did play with a chip on his shoulder .
Just ask Shane Churla .
Bure had a wicked slapshot , but Ovechkin ’s release is on another level , and his snapshot is even better than his slapper .
Bure is arguably the best player in NHL history when it came to breakaways , and his penchant for floating in the neutral zone , coupled with his incredible acceleration ensured he got a lot of them .
He had the quickest hands in tight that I ’ve ever seen .
As you can see there is not much to choose between these Russian superstars , but since I have to pick one I ’m going to give the ( slight ) nod to Ovechkin .
Alexander Ovechkin ’s physical play allows him to dominate in the offensive zone in a way that Bure never could .
However , that physical style could eventually be his downfall , and there ’s a good possibility that his own career , much like Bure ’s , may be cut short by injuries .
Hopefully this is not the case , but with the brutal punishment he exposes his body to I do n’t like his odds of enjoying a long healthy career .
WINNER – ALEXANDER OVECHKIN
[ poll id = ” 3 ″ ]
Check out our selection of Pavel Bure Jerseys and Alexander Ovechkin Jerseys .
Having trouble making up your mind ?
Check out these video tributes to Pavel Bure and Alexander Ovechkin :
PAVEL BURE
There ’s nothing more romantic than a midnight escape across the rooftops , just you , your lover , and as much ammo as you can carry , as the ravenous undead hordes slobber below you , rotting arms waving in a symphony of rage and hunger .
Well , Paris , maybe .
But it ’s a close one .
And there ’s certainly no better place to propose than the middle of a zombie apocalypse .
One frisky young zombie hunter , who wanted to be joined with his slaughterin’ buddy for all time , decided to propose via a blog post about the couples ’s favorite zombie - killing game : Left 4 Dead .
The post was all about the game ’s excellent setting and ambience , particularly in the safe rooms where survivors hide and restock .
The rooms are covered in messages : declarations of hopelessness , pleas for help , and notes to loved ones .
It did n’t take much to add something to one of the screencaps ….
something like a marriage proposal .
Good thing she actually read the whole post and paid attention , eh ?
The above image was included , as well , linked to the “ yes ” option beneath the picture with the proposal .
I can only guess that he plays as Francis , while his lady plays as Zoey .
The couple that slays zombies together stays together !
[ The Thunder and the Surf via Hawty McBloggy ]
UPDATE : Voters approve Proposition 8 banning same - sex marriages .
With more than 95 % of the vote counted , the measure leads 52.1 % to 47.9 % .
A measure to once again ban gay marriage in California led Tuesday , throwing into doubt the unions of an estimated 18,000 same - sex couples who wed during the last 4 1/2 months .
FOR THE RECORD :
Proposition 8 : A chart in some editions of Wednesday ’s Section A that contained vote results for Proposition 8 , the measure to ban gay marriage in California , said the figures were the latest as of 12:25 p.m. Pacific time .
They were the latest as of 12:25 a.m. —
As the measure , the most divisive and emotionally fraught on the state ballot this year , took a lead in early returns , supporters gathered at a hotel ballroom in Sacramento and cheered .
“ We caused Californians to rethink this issue , ” Proposition 8 strategist Jeff Flint said .
Early in the campaign , he noted , polls showed the measure trailing by 17 points .
“ I think the voters were thinking , well , if it makes them happy , why should n’t we let gay couples get married .
And I think we made them realize that there are broader implications to society and particularly the children when you make that fundamental change that ’s at the core of how society is organized , which is marriage , ” he said .
But in San Francisco at the packed headquarters of the No on 8 campaign party in the Westin St. Francis Hotel , supporters of same - sex marriage refused to despair , saying that they were holding out hope for victory .
“ You decided to live your life out loud .
You fell in love and you said ‘ I do . ’
Tonight , we await a verdict , ” San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom said , speaking to a roaring crowd .
“ I ’m crossing my fingers . ”
Elsewhere in the country , two other gay marriage bans , in Florida and Arizona , were well ahead .
In both states , laws already defined marriage as a heterosexual institution .
But backers pushed to amend the state constitutions , saying that doing so would protect the institution from legal challenges .
Proposition 8 was the most expensive proposition on any ballot in the nation this year , with more than $ 74 million spent by both sides .
The measure ’s most fervent proponents believed that nothing less than the future of traditional families was at stake , while opponents believed that they were fighting for the fundamental right of gay people to be treated equally under the law .
“ This has been a moral battle , ” said Ellen Smedley , 34 , a member of the Mormon Church and a mother of five who worked on the campaign .
“ We are n’t trying to change anything that homosexual couples believe or want -- it does n’t change anything that they ’re allowed to do already .
It ’s defining marriage .
. . .
Marriage is a man and a woman establishing a family unit . ”
On the other side were people like John Lewis , 50 , and Stuart Gaffney , 46 , who were married in June .
They were at the San Francisco party holding a little sign in the shape of pink heart that said , “ John and Stuart 21 years . ”
They spent the day campaigning against Proposition 8 with family members across the Bay Area .
“ Our relationship , our marriage , after 21 years together has been put up for a popular vote , ” Lewis said .
“ We have done what anyone would do in this situation : stand up for our family . ”
The battle was closely watched across the nation because California is considered a harbinger of cultural change and because this is the first time voters have weighed in on gay marriage in a state where it was legal .
Campaign contributions came from every state in the nation in opposition to the measure and every state but Vermont to its supporters .
And as far away as Washington , D.C. , gay rights organizations hosted gatherings Tuesday night to watch voting results on Proposition 8 .
“ I am nervous , ” Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese said from a brewery in the nation ’s capital .
“ This is the biggest civil rights struggle for our movement in decades .
. . .
The outcome weighs incredibly heavily on the minds of every single person in the room . ”
Eight years ago , Californians voted 61 % to define marriage as being only between a man and a woman .
The California Supreme Court overturned that measure , Proposition 22 , in its May 15 decision legalizing same - sex marriage on the grounds that the state Constitution required equal treatment of gay and lesbian couples .
Opponents of Proposition 8 faced a difficult challenge .
Bob Stern , president of the Center for Governmental Studies , said California voters “ very , very rarely reverse themselves ” especially in such a short time .
Both sides waged a passionate -- and at times bitter -- fight over whether to allow same - sex marriages to continue .
The campaigns spent tens of millions of dollars in dueling television and radio commercials that blanketed the airwaves for weeks .
But supporters and opponents also did battle on street corners and front lawns , from the pulpits of churches and synagogues and -- unusual for a fight over a social issue -- in the boardrooms of many of the state ’s largest corporations .
Most of the state ’s highest - profile political leaders -- including both U.S. senators and the mayors of San Francisco , San Diego and Los Angeles -- along with the editorial pages of most major newspapers , opposed the measure .
PG&E , Apple and other companies contributed money to fight the proposition , and the heads of Silicon Valley companies including Google and Yahoo took out a newspaper ad opposing it .
On the other side were an array of conservative organizations , including the Knights of Columbus , Focus on the Family and the American Family Assn. , along with tens of thousands of small donors , including many who responded to urging from Mormon , Catholic and evangelical clergy .
An early October filing by the “ yes ” campaign reported so many contributions that the secretary of state ’s campaign finance website crashed .
Proponents also organized a massive grass - roots effort .
Campaign officials said they distributed more than 1.1 million lawn signs for Proposition 8 -- although an effort to stage a massive , simultaneous lawn - sign planting in late September failed after a production glitch in China delayed the arrival of hundreds of thousands of signs .
Research and polling showed that many voters were against gay marriage , but afraid that saying so would make them seem “ discriminatory ” or “ not cool , ” said Flint , so proponents hoped to show them they were not alone .
Perhaps more powerfully , the Proposition 8 campaign also seized on the issue of education , arguing in a series of advertisements and mailers that children would be subjected to a pro-gay curriculum if the measure was not approved .
“ Mom , guess what I learned in school today ? ” a little girl said in one spot .
“ I learned how a prince married a prince . ”
As the girl ’s mother made a horrified face , a voice - over said : “ Think it ca n’t happen ?
It ’s already happened .
. . .
Teaching about gay marriage will happen unless we pass Proposition 8 . ”
Many voters said they had been swayed by that message .
“ We thought it would go this way , ” Proposition 8 co-chair Frank Schubert said .
“ We had 100,000 people on the streets today .
We had people in every precinct , if not knocking on doors , then phoning voters in every precinct .
We canvassed the entire state of California , one on one , asking people face to face how do they feel about this issue .
“ And this is the kind of issue people are very personal and private about , and they do n’t like talking to pollsters , they do n’t like talking to the media , but we had a pretty good idea how they felt and that ’s being reflected in the vote count . ”
Jessica Garrison , Cara Mia DiMassa and Richard Paddock are Times staff writers .
jessica.garrison@latimes.com
cara.dimassa@latimes.com
richard .
paddock
@latimes.com
It ’s the day after Christmas so of course sales have started and whatever you thought you bought for a good price is suddenly available for a lot less , especially electronics .
But this is n’t your normal after - Christmas sale , it ’s after - Christmas during one of the worst economic recessions in decades , so prices are lower still .
Add to this , at least in the U.S. market , the pending shutdown of analog broadcast TV in February and there ought to be a feeding frenzy of digital set buying .
And there will be I ’m sure .
But it could be a lot better except for a missing link , one small bit of technology the lack of which is costing TV manufacturers billions in lost sales .
The consumer electronics industry is built on the idea of every few years getting us to throw away everything we own and replace it with something entirely new .
In home audio the transition was 78/33/8-track/ cassette / CD .
In home video it was Beta / VHS / DVD / Blu-Ray .
Each time we not only had to buy new equipment , we generally had to purchase again our audio and video libraries .
And we did , much to the joy of the music and movie industries , though the jury is still out on Blu - Ray ( more on that in a couple days ) .
Unlike automobiles , where there is a robust second - hand market , the consumer electronics food chain is simple and clean : whatever we invested in before is suddenly worthless .
But for these technology transitions to be truly successful we ALL have to switch , which does n’t always happen .
Many people never owned an 8 - track player , for example , or even a cassette deck , jumping straight from vinyl to CD .
But that jump to CD ’s , since it was an all - in 100 percent market transformation , was enough to power the audio business to record profits for more than a decade even without a lot of new hit songs .
That ’s how the Beatles still make $ 100 + million per year even though the group disbanded in 1970 .
The goal , then , is a vinyl - to - CD type transformation .
It happened exactly like that for VHS - to - DVD , much to the joy of Warren Lieberfarb .
And there ’s hope right now that a similar market upheaval will happen as digital TV sets replace analog .
Already there is good news for manufacturers on this front .
Something unanticipated happened that has driven LCD and plasma TV sales higher than expected .
The fact that these new sets are skinny and can be hung on a wall has changed the way we buy televisions , not just in the U.S. but globally .
There has for almost a century now been a space carved out in most American living rooms for a piece of consumer electronic furniture .
Originally it was a console radio complete with gleaming wooden cabinetry .
Later the radio was replaced with a TV of comparable size or larger .
We positioned our furniture to help us see or hear better , changing the social dynamics of our living spaces .
Rooms came to be sized with televisions in mind .
And the biggest analog TV screen in my era were 21 - 23 inches measured diagonally , a size dictated both by the economics of glass blowing and by the maximum cabinet depth the manufacturers thought they could get away with .
Bigger sets were rare because they were expensive but also because they required bigger rooms .
Projection sets went into American homes as a result , rather than into homes in Europe or Asia with their generally smaller rooms .
And because the size of the market was limited in this way , so too were limited the economies of scale that could be enjoyed by the projection TV makers .
Big sets were not only more expensive — they were a LOT more expensive .
Then along came plasma and then LCD displays , which could be hung on a wall taking no floor space at all .
Wonder of wonder , when these TVs started selling in Japan most of the buyers were replacing smaller sets with ones that were substantially larger .
You could put a honking - big TV in a tiny room if you liked – especially if it was a tight - grained 1080 p set .
Japanese customers started buying bigger sets , economies of scale began to kick - in so those sets got cheaper so people bought sets that were bigger still .
The size effect happened everywhere , too .
People the world over are buying bigger sets than ever because they can hang them on a wall .
While this is generally good news all around there is still a disconnect in the marketplace , which is to say a lost opportunity to take even more of our money .
When projection sets cost $ 10,000 most of them were sold to people building home theaters .
Now only about 7.5 percent of flat panel televisions are sold for home theaters , which means the market for Dolby 5.1 and 7.1 Surround Sound equipment is severely constrained with prices higher than they ought to be .
We mount a big 120 Hz.
1080 p TV up on the wall having bought it for $ 1100 after Christmas , maybe connect it to a Blu - Ray player or an HD cable or satellite box , then sit down to watch The Dark Knight , listening to the audio through tinny little speakers .
What ’s wrong with this picture ?
Everything .
It ’s not the money that keeps people from completing their home theaters — it ’s the complexity .
Ideally we should space - out the front speakers , add rear speakers and then a sub woofer , but this takes extra equipment and , especially , extra wiring .
Sure the Geek Squad will install it all for you but that costs extra and limits market penetration .
Besides , what if we move and have to rip it all out ?
What ’s missing here is a de facto wireless audio standard for televisions .
Look on the back of any of these new TVs and you ’ll find a forest of connections but none of the audio is wireless .
There are RCA jacks , minijacks and optical , but no wireless .
How much could it cost to add one more audio option ?
Not much – generally less than $ 10 in manufacturers ’ cost .
Adding less than $ 10 to the cost of a TV , then , would make it dirt simple to have a home theater .
Just buy compatible speaker systems , plug them in and sync them with the TV .
The TV will figure out how many speakers and what type are connected and configure the sound output accordingly .
There ’s no need for wiring and no need for the Geek Squad , either , unless you want them to put the TV on your wall .
Edit —
Some readers have pointed out that this could be accomplished just as easily through power line networking .
Maybe so .
If the price is the same I say go for it .
I do n’t care .
Though a look at the HomePlug market suggests that the price WON’T be the same — it will be higher .
I do n’t know why .
Now back to your regular programming …
If this simple change were to take place the cost of 5.1 and 7.1 audio equipment would drop and consumers could more easily enjoy the true potential of their new TVs .
The result for the consumer electronics industry would be even more profound , though – a 50 percent increase in net profit per TV sale .
That ’s HUGE .
So why does n’t it happen ?
That ’s because these bozos , as they have shown us time after time , ca n’t bring themselves to agree on a new technical standard without first enjoying a bloodbath in the market .
There are chipsets available right now to achieve everything I have described .
The one I am most familiar with comes from Eleven Engineering in Canada , maker of high - end wireless audio technology for customers like Bose .
But there are alternatives to Eleven .
All the consumer electronics industry has to do is choose one – ANY ONE .
Boom .
We all would suddenly have an incentive to buy more and better stuff .
The positive effect this would have on Blu - Ray , for example , should be obvious .
It would help video gaming .
Heck , it would help the entire economy as we all pump an extra $ 200 into home electronics – in this case electronics we can take with us next time we move .
PR
セキュリティのぜい弱性を突く攻撃やフィッシング詐欺などのプロ犯罪に対抗するために，世界各所で毎年開催しているセキュリティ分野の会議がある。その1つが日本で開催する「PacSec」だ。2008年11月12日から東京で開催される「PacSecカンファレンス2008」のために来日した，同会議の主催者であるDragos Ruiu氏に，2008年11月現在のセキュリティの最新トレンドを聞いた。
日川 佳三 ＝ITpro） （聞き手 は
PacSecカンファレンス2008 主催者 のDragos Ruiu氏 [ 画像のクリックで拡大表示 ]
PacSecは1年ぶりだが，セキュリティ攻撃のトレンドに変化はあるか。
セキュリティにとって1年間はとても長い。私にとって，1年前のことなど忘却の彼方だ。この1年で，トレンドは，まったく変わったと言ってよい。
PacSecに応募されてきた発表論文を見るに，今年は大きく2つの傾向がある。1つは，仮想マシンやFlash/Silverlightなど，Webブラウザまわりの環境を狙った攻撃が目立つ点だ。もう1つは，ライブラリやハードウエアなど低レイヤーのぜい弱性を狙った攻撃が目立つ点だ。
低レイヤーのぜい弱性を狙った攻撃とは何か。
低レイヤーを狙った攻撃についてカンファレンスで発表される論文の例を，2つ紹介しよう。1つは無線LANの暗号通信技術の1つであるWPA1（WPA-TKIP）を900秒以内に破れる，というもの。Erik Tews氏という学生の論文であり，一般向けには11月6日に発表したばかりのホットな話題だ。
対策として今言えることは ，WPA1ではなくWPA2 （WPA -AES ）を使うことと，ネゴシエート時に旧製品に合わせてWPAにダウングレードすることのないように設定することだ。もしWPA-TKIPを使い続けなければならないのであれば，データ暗号鍵を生成する際のベースとなるキーを120秒ごとに“ Rekey ” （変更）するべきである。
もう1つの低レイヤーを狙った例は，スイスの研究者から寄せられたもので，NIC（ネットワーク・インタフェース・カード）に中継攻撃用のSSHサーバーを送り込んで稼働させてしまう，という攻撃だ。一般に，クライアント・マシン上で動作しているセキュリティ・ソフトは，CPUを用いて動作するプログラムの挙動しか監視しない。NICを狙うのは新しく効果的だ。
Webブラウザ関連の攻撃で，目立った動きはあるか。
Websense Security Labs のStephan Chenette氏の論文を紹介しよう。Webブラウザ上で動作させる攻撃用スクリプトを，細かく複数の素片に分割して，分散する複数のWebサーバーを経由して送り込む，という攻撃だ。
セキュリティ・ソフトは，個々の素片では問題を検知できず，スルーしてしまう。そして，Webブラウザ上で複数の素片が1つの攻撃用スクリプトへと構成される，という仕掛けだ。この攻撃では，実際に被害事例が出ている。
攻撃者はどういう人物か。最近の傾向はあるか。
金銭目的のプロ犯罪者としての傾向が，どんどん強まっている。クレジット・カードなど金融関連のデータが狙われ，被害金額も年々多くなっている。
金融機関はセキュリティ強度が高いため，攻撃の対象にはならない。もっと攻撃しやすい，セキュリティ強度の弱いところが，ピンポイントで狙い撃ちされる。個人やECサイトだ。
例えば，流通店舗 のT.J. Maxxでは，無 線LANのWEPを破られて，4500万件のクレジット・カードおよびデビッド・カードの情報が盗まれている。つい先日，関係者が捕まったばかりだ。
House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers issued a subpoena for Karl Rove Monday .
Rove subpoenaed
House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers ( D - Mich . ) issued a subpoena for former White House adviser Karl Rove Monday .
“ I have said many times that I will carry this investigation forward to its conclusion , whether in Congress or in court , and today ’s action is an important step along the way , ” Conyers said in a statement .
“ Change has come to Washington , and I hope Karl Rove is ready for it .
After two years of stonewalling , it ’s time for him to talk . ”
Advertisement
Conyers subpoenaed
Rove last summer regarding the firing of U.S. Attorneys and the prosecution of former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman , but the former White House deputy chief of staff refused to appear citing executive privilege though he was no longer was employed by the White House .
Rove has repeatedly stated that he had no role in Siegelman ’s prosecution or in the alleged politicization of the Justice Department during the Bush administration .
Hundreds queue up to cash in as ATM machine pays out DOUBLE
In the gloomy days of credit crunch Britain , it was a stroke of luck no one was going to turn down .
When a cash machine began issuing customers with double the amount they had requested , the word spread like wildfire .
Within minutes , the first visitors had phoned their friends and family to tell them of the unexpected bonus .
Soon a queue had formed outside the Nationwide ATM at a BP petrol station in Stretford , Greater Manchester .
As the glitch had not occurred at a branch , it was not spotted for six hours .
By then , as much as £ 10,000 extra had been taken out .
Withdrawals for £ 30 seemed to have the most success - issuing customers with £ 60 instead .
But some said they had doubled other amounts too .
Hundreds of people queued at a cash machine after it began dishing out extra money - and the giveaway lasted six hours .
It spewed out £ 60 every time it was asked for £ 30
Money hungry :
The ATM continued to pay out for five hours until the fault was reported to the Nationwide at 4pm
Shan Cliff , 21 , said : ' Most people have taken out hundreds of pounds .
No one 's going to turn down free money .
I do n't know whether it will show in our accounts but it 's their mistake not ours . '
A 33 - year - old man who pocketed an extra £ 150 said : ' My friend texted me about 2 pm .
I could n't believe it .
You had to wait a while because people were putting their cards in five and six times .
'' The banks have had enough off us so it 's good to get a little back . '
But the Nationwide Building Society failed to see the justice .
The ATM had been incorrectly filled , it said .
' Some people used the machine to take out money which was n't rightly theirs , which is very disappointing .
It 's also disappointing no one informed us there was a fault for such a long time . '
People in on the scam smile and laugh as they wait patiently for their hand - out .
But one man does n't want to be identified
Customers could be ordered to pay it back but as the withdrawals will have been spread around several banks , that prospect is thought to be unlikely .
Nationwide may demand that the contractor blamed for wrongly filling the machine foots the bill instead .
This week outside Sainsbury 's supermarket in Welshpool , Mid Wales , shoppers queued late into the night , some in their pyjamas , to take advantage of another cash machine issuing double the funds requested .
Sainsbury 's Bank said : ' The customers have clearly experienced a little New Year luck .
We will not be looking to recoup the cash . '
( CNN ) --
The Louisiana man who Saturday became the first Vietnamese - American elected to the House says he hopes his win will push more young people to become politically active .
Anh " Joseph " Cao says his win shows that " really anything can happen . "
" I am very honored and at this point , somewhat speechless to be the first Vietnamese - American congressman , " Anh " Joseph " Cao told CNN on Sunday .
" But I also hope that many of our young people will consider being more politically active and being move involved in the community .
Because as you can see , really anything can happen . "
The Republican defeated nine - term Democratic Rep. William Jefferson in the mostly African - American and heavily Democratic New Orleans - area district .
Jefferson had been expected to win a 10th term despite battling scandals and a federal indictment for the past three years .
The contest , which drew a light turnout , was delayed until Saturday after Hurricane Gustav swept through southern Louisiana in late August .
Had the vote been held during the November 4 general election , Jefferson -- who is black -- may have benefited from the heavy African - American voter turnout for Barack Obama .
Cao conceded that low voter turnout aided his victory .
" We were hoping for a low turnout because it would provide us with the greater chance of winning , " said Cao , a lawyer and community activist .
" Based on the demographics of the district , a high voter turnout would have gone to our disadvantage . "
Cao also may have been helped by the scandal that has plagued Jefferson .
Jefferson , who pleaded not guilty to 16 criminal counts of racketeering , bribery , money laundering and obstruction of justice , denies any wrongdoing .
In 2005 , Jefferson 's private homes in Washington and New Orleans were raided , and FBI agents say they found $ 90,000 in cash stashed in one of his freezers .
Officials say the money was part of a payment in marked bills from an FBI informant in a transaction captured on videotape .
Jefferson also is accused of soliciting and receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes for himself and his family in exchange for promoting their products and services to countries in Africa .
Cao said he came to the United States at the age of 8 after his family fled Vietnam as it fell to communists .
" When I [ was ] 9 years old , I received a letter from my father while he was in the re-education camp , " Cao said .
" He told me to study hard , to work hard and to give back to your country and to your community .
So I hope to do that in Congress . "
All About William Jefferson • U.S. Congress • Louisiana • Hurricane Gustav
Remember the crazy 1440 - RPM V8 engine built from Lego Mindstorms parts we showed you back in May ?
Now you can buy your own from LPE Power 's recently opened online store .
Advertisement
Nicjasno , the original creator of the Lego Mindstorm V8 is now giving you the opportunity to purchase an inline - 3 or inline - 4 version of their amazing little engine from their site 's sale center at LPE Power .
They promise that V6 and V8 models will soon follow after they build up enough business .
We ’re hoping that business picks up quickly because we want the V8 model .
Now .
Advertisement
The lego - loving folks build the pneumatic engines using the Scotch Yoke of operation in order to keep size to a minimum , and to maximize usable torque , giving better overall power output .
The 2000 rpm inline - 4 model features a cross- plane crank , a gear - driven valvetrain and a side - mounted dual cam with one valve - per- cylinder .
The inline - 3 model features a similar setup but delivers 600 rpm more .
Have a look at them in action :
For good measure : The V8
Here are the specs from both :
Inline - 4 Bore : 2 studs
Stroke : 2 studs
Crank - throw : 1 stud
Main bearings : 5
Valves : 1 valve per cylinder ( double cam )
Lubrication : Silicone - based lubricant
Max speed : 2000 rpms ( 4 bars )
Recommended operating pressure : < 6 bars / 90 psi
Max tested pressure : 8 bars / 120 psi Min operating pressure : 0.3 bar / 5 psi Block length : 15 studs Block width : 9 studs Block height : 11 studs Weight : 300 gramms Number of elements : 385 Inline - 3 Bore : 2 studs
Stroke : 2 studs
Crank - throw : 1 stud
Main bearings : 4
Valves : 1 valve per cylinder ( double cam )
Lubrication : Silicone - based lubricant
Max speed : 2600 rpms ( 4 bars )
Recommended operating pressure : < 6 bars / 90 psi
Max tested pressure : 8 bars / 120 psi Min operating pressure : 0.3 bar / 5 psi Block length : 13 studs Block width : 9 studs Block height : 11 studs Weight : 260 gramms Number of elements : 338
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
We can't wait to get our hands on one of these and try it out for ourselves .
[ via : LPE Power via Nicjasno ]
Thank you for visiting Subliminal Messages .
Com !
Sometimes I still feel like we ’re in 1982 when it comes to really basic things like turning off a computer .
Why do we have to select shutdown from a menu ?
Why do we have to carefully save each open file ?
Why do n’t programs stop when we tell them to ?
( Time Machine has now been spinning for hours , and wo n’t stop even though I ’ve told it to . )
Why is this so much more complex than it needs to be ?
In the future , here ’s how shutdown should work :
You flip the power switch .
That ’s it .
No shutdown menu item .
No wait for the system to hibernate .
No opportunity for applications to save data .
Nothing .
Then , when you turn the power switch back on , the entire system is restored with all data , windows , and programs intact ( optionally after typing in the usual username / password credentials . )
In 2009 there is no excuse for an application to lose data because it has n’t been recently and explicitly told to save .
Nor is there any excuse for an application to block the system from shutting down .
When I turn my computer off , it should go off , and when I tell an application to quit it should quit .
More to the point , the operating system should forcibly terminate that application .
I am thoroughly sick of applications that think File / Quit ( File / Exit for Windows users ) is a suggestion .
It ’s not .
It ’s a command , and one they should immediately respond to .
Few applications today get this right : not on the Mac , not on Windows , not on the Web .
( Web apps such as WordPress do actually get a little closer to this , but many still launch popups telling you you may lose data if you close a window .
There should be no such popups because they should n’t lose data , ever . )
Firefox helpfully offers to restore all the open windows when the applications is relaunched , including after a force quit .
More applications should do this .
However even Firefox occasionally gets wedged and refuses to quit when told to .
There are actually a few steps to reaching this simplified nirvana , so maybe I ’m asking for more than one thing here .
Most laptops and applications can handle a system going to sleep .
We just need to make sleeping a little faster ( or at least less intrusive to the user ) and possibly hook that up to the power switch in the hardware .
However , when waking from sleep , the operating system restores each application to the state it was in previously .
We also need to make sure that applications are ready to be terminated with extreme prejudice in circumstances where the operating system will not restore their stack and heap .
In such circumstances a character or two of data loss may be acceptable , but no more .
Applications should save constantly to persistent storage without waiting for the user to tell them to do so .
Furthermore , when writing complicated data structures they should maintain integrity even when they ’re interrupted in media res .
The techniques to do this are not complicated are hard to understand .
They have been implemented by server software like Oracle for years now .
We just need to demand the same sort of reliability from our desktop software .
A little more bleeding edge ( but only because no one has bothered to do this yet ) applications should maintain data integrity even in the face of flaky and unreliable hardware .
Filesystems should not be tied to any particular physical drive .
( No , RAID helps but does n’t quite achieve this .
RAID controller failures still cause data loss . )
Better operating system support and more abstract filesystems that are n’t tied to particular disks would help here .
However in the absence of this , applications could still store their data across multiple file systems , and they should do this without asking the user where to save or how to configure the disks .
( Whether a traditional hierarchical file system is still the right metaphor for storage is a subject for another article . )
We take too many things for granted merely because that ’s the way they ’ve always been .
But what made sense in an era of 64 K floppy disks that could write a hundred bytes a second no longer makes sense in an era of terabyte hard drives that write a hundred megabytes a second .
It is time to make saving files as obsolete as remembering to fill your fountain pen .
The new Honda Insight is smaller than the Toyota Prius , but a compact hybrid drivetrain and battery makes it just as roomy inside .
The new Honda Insight hybrid promises to revolutionize the hybrid market by making gas- electric cars affordable .
But the five - door hatchback with a rock - bottom price is n't the Prius killer Honda might have hoped for .
Honda is n't saying exactly what the car unveiled today at the Detroit auto show will cost when it rolls into showrooms on April 22 ( Earth Day ) but it will undercut the Toyota Prius by several thousand dollars .
That wo n't be enough to knock a car that 's synonymous with hybrid technology from its pedestal , but the 2010 Insight poses the first credible threat to Toyota 's dominance of the hybrid market .
It 's widely expected to cost no more than $ 20,000 , and Honda almost certainly will sell every one of the 100,000 Insights destined for North America this year .
Analysts say as many as half those sales could be siphoned away from Toyota .
The next - generation Prius will debut during the show .
" The Insight has the potential to put the Prius in a world of hurt , " says George Peterson , president of industry analysis firm AutoPacific .
But the Insight has more than a great price going for it .
With its stellar fuel economy , snappy acceleration and clever interactive dashboard designed to help drivers maximize efficiency , the Insight is the world 's first fun hybrid .
The Insight hybrid features Honda 's Ecological Drive Assist System , an interactive dashboard display that offers real - time feedback on your driving style to help you maximize efficiency .
Honda spent more than two years developing the car , which draws its name from the funky two - seater Insight hybrid that was the first gas - electric vehicle sold in America when it was introduced in 1999 .
The car never quite caught on , and Honda could only watch as the Prius outsold Honda 's hybrids by four to one .
Honda discontinued the Insight in 2006 and pulled the plug on the Accord hybrid the following year .
Tired of watching from the sidelines as Toyota dominated the field , the company decided the best way to close the gap was to make hybrids as cheap as they are efficient .
" We want to open up the market to consumers who might not have considered hybrids in the past because of price considerations , " says company spokesman Sage Marie , noting that although the Prius starts at $ 22,000 , they often go for several thousand more than that when you can find one .
The new Insight builds on the Integrated Motor Assist technology underpinning the Civic hybrid , which remains in Honda 's lineup and is slightly larger than the Insight .
It sandwiches a 13 - horsepower electric motor between the 88 - horsepower four - cylinder engine and the continuously variable transmission .
The combination delivers 98 horsepower and enough torque to let you accelerate away from a traffic light with a grin .
Honda 's system is n't quite as fuel efficient as Toyota 's Hybrid Synergy Drive , but with an estimated 40 mpg in the city and 43 on the highway , it 's pretty close to the EPA 's figures for the 2009 Prius .
The compact size and lower cost of Honda 's technology offers other advantages though .
While smaller than the Prius , the Insight offers almost as much interior room and actually has more cargo room , thanks to a smaller electronic control unit and more efficient 5.75 - amphere - hour , 100 - volt , nickel - metal hydride battery under the rear seat .
The Insight builds on the Integrated Motor Assist technology underpinning the Civic hybrid , and mates an 88 - horsepower four - cylinder engine to a 13 - horsepower electric motor driven by a nickel - metal hydride battery .
The interior has lots of clever touches – an iPod holder , storage compartments that can be reconfigured about a bazillion ways and , in a stroke of genius , a storage slot under the cargo floor for the retractable cargo cover .
Options include a navi system , Bluetooth and iPod integration , though including those will probably bump the price above 20 grand .
But the coolest gadget comes standard in every model – the interactive Ecological Drive Assist System .
Eco Assist uses a dashboard display and speedometer backlighting that effectively turn hypermiling – the fine art of maximizing fuel efficiency – into a videogame that coaches you on your driving style .
There 's also an Econ Mode that decreases throttle sensitivity , reduces air - conditioning demand and pulls a few other under - hood tricks to maximize fuel efficiency .
During a day behind the wheel last month , we managed an impressive 42.4 mpg without even trying .
When we pushed the Econ Mode button and used Eco Assist to mind our hypermiling P's and Q's , the Insight returned an amazing 65.6 mpg .
That 's on par with the best figures we 've seen from the Prius .
The irony is the Insight is the first hybrid with the driving dynamics that might encourage you to ignore your inner environmentalist and just have fun .
While we did n't drag race a Prius , our seat - of - the - pants impression is the Insight has snappier acceleration , not to mention more responsive steering , better brakes and superior handling .
The fully loaded EX version even offers shift paddles mounted on the steering wheel .
The Insight is n't as sporty as , say , a Civic Si , but it 's by no means a dull car .
Honda has packed a lot into the Insight 's small and inexpensive package , and industry analysts say it may well usher in the " new era of affordability " for hybrids that company CEO Takeo Fukui promised last fall .
Toyota and Hyundai already have plans to offer gas-electric models in the Insight 's price range , industry watchers say , and it's only a matter of time before other automakers follow suit .
" Honda may set a new benchmark for others to shoot for with regard to cost , packaging and content , " says Joe Langley , an auto industry analyst with CSM Worldwide .
" We should start to see prices come down .
This is the first step . "
Detroit Auto Show a Leaner , Greener Affair
Next - Gen Dashboards Teach Leadfoots to Hypermile
A New Insight Brings Hybrids to the Masses
This probably puts me in line with people who get hated by the denizens of Fern Gully but I 'm pretty sure the phyiscal stability of steel and concreted aggregate passes stronger earthquake stress tests than dreams .
Sorry Bartok .
Oh wait , that was Anastasia .
Apparently the one from ferntown was Batty Koda .
Okay .
How many other cartoon bats are there ?
I mean Batman , perhaps .
Anyway , brrr .
It 's still cold .
And yeah , I 'm still complaining .
Your Comments :
You see these opening logos every time you go to the movies , but have you ever wondered who is the boy on the moon in the DreamWorks logo ?
Or which mountain inspired the Paramount logo ?
Or who was the Columbia Torch Lady ?
Let 's find out :
1. DreamWorks SKG : Boy on the Moon
In 1994 , director Steven Spielberg , Disney studio chairman Jeffrey Katzenberg , and record producer David Geffen ( yes , they make the initial SKG on the bottom of the logo ) got together to found a new studio called DreamWorks .
Spielberg wanted the logo for DreamWorks to be reminiscent of Hollywood 's golden age .
The logo was to be a computer generated image of a man on the moon , fishing , but Visual Effects Supervisor Dennis Muren of Industrial Light and Magic , who has worked on many of Spielberg 's films , suggested that a hand - painted logo might look better .
Muren asked his friend , artist Robert Hunt to paint it .
Hunt also sent along an alternative version of the logo , which included a young boy on a crescent moon , fishing .
Spielberg liked this version better , and the rest is history .
Oh , and that boy ?
It was Hunt 's son , William .
The DreamWorks logo that you see in the movies was made at ILM from paintings by Robert Hunt , in collaboration with Kaleidoscope Films ( designers of the original storyboards ) , Dave Carson ( director ) , and Clint Goldman ( producer ) at ILM .
Photo courtesy of Robert Hunt -
Thanks for the neat story , Robert !
2. Metro-Goldwyn - Mayer ( MGM ) : Leo The Lion
In 1924 , studio publicist Howard Dietz designed the " Leo The Lion " logo for Samuel Goldwyn's Goldwyn Picture Corporation .
He based it on the athletic team of his alma mater Columbia University , the Lions .
When Goldwyn Pictures merged with Metro Pictures Corporation and Louis B. Mayer Pictures , the newly formed MGM retained the logo .
Since then , there have been five lions playing the role of " Leo The Lion " .
The first was Slats , who graced the openings of MGM 's silent films from 1924 to 1928 .
The next lion , Jackie , was the first MGM lion whose roar was heard by the audience .
Though the movies were silent , Jackie 's famous growl - roar - growl sequence was played over the phonograph as the logo appeared on screen .
He was also the first lion to appear in Technicolor in 1932 .
The third lion and probably most famous was Tanner ( though at the time Jackie was still used concurrently for MGM 's black and white films ) .
After a brief use of an unnamed ( and very mane -y ) fourth lion , MGM settled on Leo , which the studio has used since 1957 .
The company motto " Ars Gratia Artis " means " Art for Art 's Sake . "
Sources : MGM Media Center | Wikipedia entry on " Leo The Lion "
3. 20th Century Fox : The Searchlight Logo
In 1935 , Twentieth Century Pictures and Fox Film Company ( back then mainly a theater - chain company ) merged to create Twentieth Century - Fox Film Corporation ( they later dropped the hyphen ) .
The original Twentieth Century Pictures logo was created in 1933 by famed landscape artist Emil Kosa , Jr. After the merger , Kosa simply replaced " Pictures , Inc. " with " Fox " to make the current logo .
Besides this logo , Kosa was also famous for his matte painting of the Statue of Liberty ruin at the end of the Planet of the Apes ( 1968 ) movie , and others .
Perhaps just as famous as the logo is the " 20th Century Fanfare " , composed by Alfred Newman , then musical director for United Artists .
4. Paramount : The Majestic Mountain
Paramount Pictures Corporation was founded in 1912 as Famous Players Film Company by Adolph Zukor , and the theater moguls the Frohman brothers , Daniel and Charles .
The Paramount " Majestic Mountain " logo was first drawn as a doodle by W.W. Hodkinson during a meeting with Zukor , based on the Ben Lomond Mountain from his childhood in Utah ( the live action logo made later is probably Peru's Artesonraju ) .
It is the oldest surviving Hollywood film logo .
The original logo has 24 stars , which symbolized Paramount 's then 24 contracted movie stars ( it 's now 22 stars , though no one could tell me why they reduced the number of stars ) .
The original matte painting has also been replaced with a computer generated mountain and stars .
Paramount logo history , for more details , see : CLG Wiki
5. Warner Bros. : The WB Shield
Warner Bros. ( yes , that 's legally " Bros . " not " Brothers " ) was founded by four Jewish brothers who emigrated from Poland : Harry , Albert , Sam , and Jack Warner .
Actually , those are n't the names that they were born with .
Harry was born " Hirsz , " Albert was " Aaron , " Sam was " Szmul , " and Jack was " Itzhak . "
Their original surname is also unknown - some people said that it is " Wonsal , " " Wonskolaser " or even Eichelbaum , before it was changed to " Warner . "
( Sources : Doug Sinclair | Tody Nudo's Hollywood Legends )
In the beginning , Warner Bros. had trouble attracting top talents .
In 1925 , at the urging of Sam , Warner Bros. made the first feature - length " talking pictures " ( When he heard of Sam 's idea , Harry famously said " Who the hell wants to hear actors talk ? " ) .
That got the ball rolling for the studio and made Warner Bros. famous .
The Warner Bros. logo , the WB Shield , has actually gone many revisions .
Jason Jones and Matt Williams of CLG
Wiki have the details :
Warner Bros. Logo History - see the full details at CLG Wiki
If you 're interested in WB cartoons , you can't go wrong with Dave Mackey 's Field guide : Link
6. Columbia Pictures : The Torch Lady
Columbia Pictures was founded in 1919 by the brothers Harry and Jack Cohn , and Joe Brandt as Cohn - Brandt - Cohn Film Sales .
Many of the studio's early productions were low - budget affairs , so it got nicknamed " Corned Beef and Cabbage . "
In 1924 , the brothers Cohn bought out Brandt and renamed their studio Columbia Pictures Corporation in effort to improve its image .
Vintage Columbia Pictures Logo ( Source : Reel Classics )
The studio's logo is Columbia , the female personification of America .
It was designed in 1924 and the identity of the " Torch Lady " model was never conclusively determined ( though more than a dozen women had claimed to be " it . " )
In her 1962 autobiography , Bette Davis claimed that Claudia Dell was the model , whereas in 1987 People Magazine named model and Columbia bit-actress Amelia Batchler as the girl .
In 2001 , the Chicago Sun -Times named a local woman who worked as an extra at Columbia named Jane Bartholomew as the model .
Given how the logo has changed over the years , it may just be that all three were right !
( Source )
The current Torch Lady logo was designed in 1993 by Michael J. Deas , who was commissioned by Sony Pictures Entertainment to return the lady to her " classic " look .
Though people thought that actress Annette Bening was the model , it was actually a Louisiana homemaker and muralist named Jenny Joseph that modeled the Torch Lady for Deas .
Rather than use her face , however , Deas drew a composite face made from several computer - generated features ( Source : Roger Ebert , Photo : Kathy Anderson )
Obviously , we 're missing the stories of the logos of many other film studios .
We 'd love to hear from you if you know any !
Please tell us in the comment section .
If you like this article , please check out Neatorama 's articles on logos :
Description :
This hot 24 year old redhead poses on a couch in nothing but a belly chain .
Views : 240223 Date : 11/17/08 Favorited : 29
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Renewed clashes have broken out between protesters and police in Greece , in continuing unrest over the killing of a teenaged boy by police .
Demonstrators charged at riot police outside parliament , throwing fire bombs .
Police responded with volleys of tear gas .
Twelve days after the police shooting , anger has combined with discontent in other parts of Greek society .
Protesters want the government to change social and economic policies .
Air traffic controllers are the latest public sector workers to go on strike .
An estimated 10,000 people joined a demonstration in Athens on Thursday that congregated outside a university and marched towards parliament , in anger at the shooting of a 15 - year - old boy by a policeman on 6 December .
Banners castigated the government , which protesters accuse of failing the Greek people .
" Down with the government of blood , poverty and privatisations , " one banner read , Reuters news agency reported .
The new violence erupted in the central square , site of the Greek parliament , as protesters threw petrol bombs at the building and attempted to burn down Athens ' main Christmas tree .
The tree has already been replaced once after being torched during previous protests .
Some 70 people have been injured and about 400 have been detained during the protests .
Hundreds of shops and banks have been vandalised and looted .
The policeman accused of shooting Alexandros Grigoropoulos , aged 15 , has been charged with murder .
Solidarity rallies
Some people were caught up in the protests as they shopped
It is part of an industrial action organised by the civil service trade union , ADEDY .
On Wednesday , protesters hung huge banners on the Acropolis , the ancient site that dominates Athens , calling for " resistance " .
Conservative Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis has rejected calls to step down , despite growing public pressure .
But earlier this week he acknowledged some of the problems that had fuelled the anger of young people .
In a speech to parliamentary colleagues on Tuesday , he said " long - unresolved problems , such as the lack of meritocracy , corruption in everyday life and a sense of social injustice disappoint young people " .
Autocar UK 's road test editor Steve Sutcliffe has a strange obsession of the sideways kind .
His perverse purpose is to try and drift just about anything with wheels around his slice of test tarmac .
His most recent offering to the tire gods is a diesel London Cab .
Hit the jump to see the clip .
Advertisement
[ Autocar ]
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- Icelandic Prime Minister Geir Haarde on Monday said his coalition government collapsed amid the strains of an ongoing economic crisis .
" I really regret that we could not continue with this coalition .
I believe that that would have been the best result , " Haarde told reporters .
The announcement came after talks between coalition partners broke down .
Haarde said he would ask Iceland 's president to formally dissolve the government , reports said .
Editorial & Advertising Policies
This website maintains an intellectual firewall between editorial copy ( my posts ) and the ads on this site , including the sponsored links .
All posts and articles are independent of the advertisements .
In keeping with a policy of editorial independence : 1 ) There are no Posts - for - Pay articles on this site .
2 ) None of the written articles , including book reviews or media releases are paid placements .
3 ) As a freelancer for various magazines and newspapers , I have contracts with different organizations .
Those contracts are also independent of my blogging activities and I 'm not paid to mention any magazine , newspaper or media outlet .
Posted on October 25 , 2008 in Articles
The Article : The Death of a Red State by Matt Taibbi in this weeks Rolling Stone .
The Text : Driving down a rainy Colorado highway in October , I can see the misty white outline of the Rockies out one window and the arid brown flatlands of the Great Plains out the other .
Overlaying it all is the faint but unmistakable stench of cattle .
I follow the smell .
I have come to the 4th Congressional District in Colorado — a massive territory encompassing virtually all of the state north and east of Denver — to cover the re-election campaign of Rep. Marilyn Musgrave .
Musgrave was Sarah Palin before Sarah Palin , a turbocharged born - again supermom who went into politics because she could n’t stand all the naughtiness .
Her first political gig was on the school board in Fort Morgan , where she devoted her energies to blacking out — literally blacking out — passages in sex-education textbooks .
Later , as a state legislator , she pushed a concealed - weapon law that would have allowed guns on school grounds .
She was a preposterous caricature of an evangelical politician , an Anita Bryant with a beer gut , but like Palin she was already on her way to a Major Elected Office by the time anyone thought to stop laughing .
Her first act upon making it to Congress in 2003 was to introduce an amendment to ban gay marriage .
She declared unequivocally — after 9/11 and the launching of two wars — that the union of same - sex couples is “ the most important issue we face today . ”
Musgrave was re-elected twice by a 4th District that since 1972 has been among the most solidly Republican territory in America .
Her grandstanding against buggery and other forms of extra-biblical recreation has helped earn her a 100 percent rating and a top spot on the American Conservative Union ’s list of the most right - wing members of Congress .
She ’s a living symbol of the Era of Rove , when all a politician needs to do to get elected is go to church , make freckled babies and whine about how things are going to shit because some minority group is queering the deal .
That strategy has worked for a long time — but now , suddenly , things are different in places like the 4th District .
Not only does the torch - bearing evangelical Colorado of Ted Haggard and James Dobson appear poised to turn its nine electoral votes blue for a nonwhite presidential candidate , but the congressional seat belonging to one of America ’s most celebrated gay - bashers in this once - impregnable Republican stronghold is also up for grabs .
If Musgrave is ousted in November , as polls suggest she ’ll be , it ’s worth asking just what exactly is going on .
Has there been a sea change in the electorate ?
Is there a place on the American map where you can actually see the country outgrowing the politics of bigotry ?
In the city of Greeley , a small group of Democrats gathers on a Friday night to hold a fundraiser for Musgrave ’s opponent , Betsy Markey .
It ’s a mostly middle - aged group , a lot of Sixties survivors , some Hispanics and a Native American , even a pair of married Peace Corps vets and their daughter .
Like Barack Obama , the up - ticket candidate whose coattails she hopes to ride , Markey is a prototypical modern Democrat — young , attractive and not overtly ideological .
Markey is a reminder that the days of the Democratic congressman being whichever Irishman or Italian the relevant unions decided to back are long over .
Those days ended in most American towns when the factories that made steel , cars or , in Greeley ’s case , beet sugar ( the town ’s huge Great Western Sugar factory closed in 2002 ) moved abroad or shut down .
As organized blue - collar workers have disappeared , there has been a struggle to figure out just what constitutes the base of the Democratic Party .
It ’s not an easy question to answer , which is one of the reasons the Democrats have been such an embarrassment for so many years .
In the days of FDR and JFK , the party was a bunch of rich people whose bread - and - butter platform was a sort of noblesse - oblige advocacy for the voter - rich underclass .
The party that sent Al Gore and John Kerry to the electoral gallows was made up of the same rich people — only now all they did for poor people was talk .
The Republicans , meanwhile , were n’t doing anything for the rank and file either , but at least their candidates were speaking the right language .
They understood that in the absence of results , the average voter would settle for seeing someone in the White House who does n’t make him feel bad about himself .
The Republicans cannily targeted voters — and there were plenty of them — who do n’t want to be talked down to by some Washington suit acting all smart and shit .
And so for a long time the GOP won the battle of cultural preferences , sending to high offices all across the country a succession of blunt underachievers who did n’t aspire to anything that the ordinary American could n’t achieve .
But even as Republicans were winning that battle , there was another shift taking place .
Gay people started walking around in even the most remote parts of the country .
Women became bosses , mayors , senators .
Some of almost everybody ’s best friends really were black .
Next thing you know , even the most backward dickhead is quoting Dave Chappelle ’s Rick James skit .
So what the Democrats lost in their base , they gained in the form of a generalized tolerance that seeped unconsciously into the brains of a whole generation .
They became more of a demographic than a political party united by common interests .
At the fundraiser in Greeley , the assembled Democrats look like a college discussion group — it ’s a crowd where you ’d worry more about a game of Trivial Pursuit breaking out than a revolution .
But in truth it ’s people like this , in places like this , who are on the front lines of one of the great cultural showdowns in our history .
It ’s a showdown that has been brought into stark relief by Obama , a contest between those who embrace the multicultural future and that segment of white America that is still holding its breath , waiting for the Earth to start spinning backward and erase all the unpleasant changes .
In Greeley , as in most of America , those two groups are defined by their racial attitudes — fault lines that these days are most visible in the battle over immigration .
Immigrants comprise the bulk of the workforce at the local meat - processing plant owned by Swift and Co .
The plant , which contributes to the town ’s heavy cape of death - shit smell , was raided in December 2006 by agents from Immigration and Customs Enforcement , who arrested 265 workers and drove a deep wedge into the local political scene .
Ever since , the city has been divided over the charges that the raid was unduly harsh and led to split families and abandoned children .
When then - mayor Tom Selders went to D.C. and gave a speech about the ICE ’s policies , local anti-immigration forces responded with savage , Swift - boat - style fliers .
One , a model of racial subtlety , accused Selders of being a friend to “ gangs . ”
The smear campaign worked , and in as perfect a metaphor for American politics as you ’ll find , the professorial Selders was ousted in favor of Ed Clark , a hulking , shiny - headed retired police officer who ran on a get - tough - on - immigrants platform .
Everyone at the Markey fundraiser agrees that the anti-immigration sentiment expressed by Clark — what one woman calls the “ frothing - at - the - mouth guys ” — is a key reason this district has been a GOP stronghold since 1972 .
But the district might turn blue next month , and it ’s no accident that it ’s happening in a year when the presidential race has forced long - simmering racial issues out into the open .
For all the fuss about the economy and terrorism , the battle between Obama and McCain is ultimately about bigotry and how much of it we ’ll tolerate .
If you ’re skeptical about the extent to which it always comes back to race , just listen to the arguments that conservatives are making about the causes of the financial crisis .
Turn on any conservative radio station today and you can hear somebody blaming the entire crisis on the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 , which forced banks to make credit available in low - income neighborhoods .
Through this bit of rhetorical gymnastics , conservatives have now pinned one of the most outrageous cases of fiscal irresponsibility in the history of rich white people on what Rush Limbaugh calls the “ approved Democrat constituent . ”
They ’re saying that the entire financial system has gone Krakatoa because poor black people did n’t make their payments .
Once you grasp that , you ’ll understand that there is n’t anything on Earth these motherfuckers wo n’t try to pin on lazy minorities .
And you ’ll understand why this is more than just a presidential race .
This is about an America that is steaming toward an uncertain future and has yet to decide whether it wants to face its problems or curl up in a ball and blame all the changes on Mexicans or blacks or whatever other “ approved Democrat constituent ” happens to be handy .
The day after the fund - raiser in Greeley , several hundred scruffy students gather for an Obama rally at the University of Northern Colorado , mulling around on a small rectangle of green lawn between two concrete high - rise dorms that look like some architect ’s idea of a prison on the moon .
Many of the students happily quaff beers , indifferent to a strong afternoon showing by the Greeley shit - wind .
The stage is occupied by a bunch of white kids with dreadlocks offering an attempt at Obama - inspired bourgeois white - person protest reggae .
“ Change , ” they sing , “ is what we nee - eee - eeeed . . . . ”
It ’s a touchingly earnest scene — one that would probably win John McCain 10,000 votes an hour if broadcast live on cable stations around the country .
After all , the Republicans want nothing more than to tell Middle America that Barack Obama is going to turn their kids into Ziggy Marley , or some even more sinister betray - your - race archetype , like Cat Stevens or John Walker Lindh .
If you think it ’s silly to make a leap from digging Obama to supporting terrorism , consider that at this very moment , just south of here at Centennial Airport in the suburbs of Denver , Sarah Palin is about to make news by telling supporters that Obama was “ palling around with terrorists ” when he served on a charity board with Weather Underground founder Bill Ayers .
The Republicans have made Ayers a central figure in the campaign because he was a white college kid who spent time trying to be black , dreaming as he did of forming a “ white fighting force ” to help a “ Black Liberation movement ” overthrow The Man .
All across America , if you scratch the surface of the current political jousting between the blues and reds , you ’ll find race underneath .
In America it ’s always about race .
Vietnam ended decades ago , but the civil rights movement never had a declared end — at least not according to conservatives , who have been running against it for 40 years , camouflaged in dog- whistle catchphrases like “ law and order ” ( Nixon ) , “ welfare queen ” ( Reagan ) and “ border security ” ( every Republican today ) .
There is n’t a half - literate white person alive who does n’t know what Palin is talking about when she says about Obama , “ This is not a man who sees America as you and I do . ”
And that , folks , is why Obama ’s candidacy is so important .
He is a living referendum on the civil rights movement — one might even say he is calling the bluff of the civil rights movement .
He has been everything white America said it wanted from black America : Stay positive , work hard , go to Harvard , be more Martin and less Malcolm , and all obstacles will be cleared .
It ’s happening because on college campuses like the University of Northern Colorado and every other place where progress has been allowed to penetrate , there now lives a whole generation who have been raised to believe implicitly in the virtue of a multicultural society .
The election of Obama will prove once and for all the futility of using racism , camouflaged or not , to win elections .
If Obama pulls this thing off , it might be a long time before you see a white candidate making transparent , panic - stricken appeals to “ you and I ” in the weeks before Election Day .
Two days after the Obama rally , I attend an “ Old - Fashioned Political Rally ” sponsored by the League of Women Voters at the fairgrounds in the town of Loveland , hoping to catch Musgrave live .
Rumor has it that she ’s toned down her act , that she ’s no longer gay - bashing in the year of the Greatest Depression .
Only four years ago , a Republican like Musgrave could run on a wedge issue like gay marriage .
One of the great traditions in American politics is the sudden arrival of a minority - baiting ballot initiative that drives the frustrated residents of swing states to the polls just in time to keep the map red .
In 2004 , it was gay - marriage bans offered in 11 states that helped turn out enough defenders of traditional “ values ” to sink Kerry .
Two years later , a similar initiative in Colorado helped Musgrave beat her opponent by 7,000 votes .
At the Loveland event , I listen as a woman named Jessica Peck Corry stumps for this year ’s race - baiting Trojan Horse ballot maneuver , a little thing called Amendment 46 .
This one actually calls itself a “ Civil Rights Initiative ” — which naturally turns out to be a law banning all forms of affirmative action .
Peck Corry , representing “ the Colorado Civil Rights Initiative , ” tells voters that affirmative action no longer makes sense .
“ There ’s been a twentyfold increase in the number of interracial marriages ” — leaving the races too mixed up to sort out who ’s entitled to government help .
She adds that , while her group “ accepts the inevitable , ” it does n’t think giving preferential treatment to anyone is the right path for America after “ getting it wrong on race for 200 years . ”
Even worse is Donna Gallup , a GOP candidate for the state House .
A stocky , anti-communist schoolmarm , Gallup gives a speech opposing “ laws that blindly give criminals the opportunity to molest the innocent in public restrooms . ”
It turns out she ’s referring to a bill that protects gays and lesbians from discrimination .
Afterward , I ask Gallup what the hell the bill has to do with molestation .
“ If you ’re perceived to be gay , ” she says , “ then you can go into a public restroom without any hostility toward you , according to this law . ”
Only in America can a bill making it safe for gay people to take a piss inspire fear of “ criminals ” molesting the “ innocent . ”
After this show , it ’s a letdown when Musgrave takes the stage .
The district ’s headline Republican has abandoned the rhetoric that made her famous , not once mentioning gay marriage or any social issues at all .
She seems nervous , and her rants against Wall Street and the congressional bailout sound flat , like John Kerry trying to act religious .
But when you listen to Musgrave ’s supporters , you still hear a lot of the railing against them and those people that Republicans like Peck Corry and Gallup are feeding the crowd , and which Musgrave herself rode into office years ago .
“ If we all have to follow the law , they should too , ” says one Musgrave supporter at the rally , a former Air Force sergeant , in reference to illegal immigrants .
When I ask about Sarah Palin ’s claim that Obama does n’t see America as “ you and I ” do , the 70 - year - old agrees .
“ They do n’t appreciate America , ” he says .
This is why the makeover of someone like Marilyn Musgrave might be too little , too late .
Racism and prejudice have festered at the core of the political identity of a generation of Republicans ; you ca n’t simply excise those qualities from them overnight .
Back them into a corner and they always produce a Willie Horton or a Bill Ayers or some other contagious graduate of the “ University of Negroes and Communists ” ( as Jesse Helms once called his home - state school , UNC ) ready to infect that never - was paradise of white culture with “ crime ” or “ irresponsibility ” or whatever the code word happens to be this week .
They ’re trying it even now , with the McCain campaign running ads showing Obama next to photos of a former Fannie Mae chairman who happens to be black but was never an adviser to Obama .
“ Shocking , ” says the ad , as shots of the two black men fade to a picture of an aggrieved elderly white woman .
These tactics almost always worked in the past and have carried more than one man into the most powerful office in the world .
But they were a house of cards all along , with no substance behind them , and when they are at last put to a vote next month , they ’ll blow away forever .
That ’s what happens with weak ideas :
They do n’t die a slow , lingering death but lose their power all at once , like a broken spell .
See Also : Why He Endorsed , Bad Signs For The GOP , Quote of the day , The Palin Curse , Bad News For the Lunatic Fringe , Racists are on the march … , and McCain ’s Two Americas Explained .
[ tags ] matt taibbi , the death of a red state , Marilyn Musgrave , rolling stone article , red states turning blue , battle ground states , racism , xenophobia , social issues , gay marriage , mexicans , blacks , african - americans , scapegoats , republican campaigning , white racism , conservatives , rural areas , changing demographics [ / tags ]
I ’ve been trying for a while now to find someone saying something sensible about the current financial shenanigans .
It ’s quite difficult .
First you ’ve got to avoid getting distracted by the various folks who ’re going to claim it ’s a crisis even if it is n’t — newspapers looking for some bad news to run on page one , politicians figuring they ’ve finally found the problem to which they ’re the solution or just looking for something to blame on the other guy ; people who see an opportunity to reap huge profits by scaring everyone else ; and people who ’ve got no idea what they ’re talking about , but feel obliged to say something anyway .
Speaking of which …
Drilling down to what actually happened helps a little , as far as I can tell .
Fannie and Freddie
This seems to be the most political aspect of the whole mess .
Fannie was setup in 1938 by Roosevelt as part of the “ New Deal ” to help make mortgages work better by providing a secondary market ( you take out a mortgage with your bank at 8 % , and your bank sells 7.25 % of that to someone else so they get ( less ) money now , but do n’t have to worry ( as much ) if you default ) .
In 1968 , the government decided they did n’t want Fannie on their books anymore , so fudged it by “ privatising ” it as a “ Government Sponsored Enterprise ” , and in 1970 created Freddie Mac in a similar role so they could say there was competition .
Both those companies had the benefit of ( probably ) being backed by the US government and being “ too big ” to fail — so , whereas you might worry that some bank is going to default on its loan if you lend it money , you can be sure that Fannie and Freddie wo n’t — especially if you ’re collecting in US dollars .
That means Fannie and Freddie get money more easily than their competition in the US market , and that they thus end up ( well , continue ) dominating the mortgage market .
Which in turn means anyone else who wants to be involved has to play around the margins , by taking on more risk with sub - prime loans , eg .
Apparently they even have a term — “ NINJA ” — for loans made to people with “ No Income , No Job or Assets ” .
You can then add to that some fairly seedy political practices , including campaign contributions ( including illegal ones ) from Fannie and Freddy , a Fannie exec sleeping with a member of the House Banking Committee who was encouraging Fannie ’s deregulation , and a general push from the political side of the fence to helping poor folks buy homes .
And what do you get ?
A large risk , that ’s been left off the taxpayers ’ books for 40 years , that ’s been pushed too far and come painfully due .
Mark to market and short selling
Valuing assets is often confusing — if you paid $ 500 for a bike two years ago , what ’s it currently worth ?
$ 500 because it ’s “ as good as new ” ?
$ 300 because that ’s what you ’d pay for a replacement bike ?
$ 150 because that was the high bid on ebay ?
$ 50 because that ’s what the guy who stole it got when he sold it from his trailer ?
$ 600 because that ’s what you had it insured for ?
Ultimately you can use any of those prices , or anything in between that you can find some convincing excuse for ; and cooking the books like that is a fine art that ’s been perfected over the years to avoid taxes , trick co-owners , and befuddle investors .
The simplest way to avoid it is to say “ it ’s what someone else will pay for it ” — so $ 150 in this case , and that works pretty well on fungible assets : commodities , stocks , pineapples , etc .
The downside is what happens when not many people are trading — if you have a million shares outstanding in a company , but only one person is interested in trading at the moment , they can sell at $ 1 , and imply your company is worth a million dollars , or they can sell at $ 1.50 and make $ 500,000 appear from nowhere , or $ 0.50 and make half a million disappear .
And the only difference it makes to them is 50 c either way .
Short - sellers take advantage of that and the fear that comes with thousands or millions of dollars appearing to disappear , by driving down the prices of shares making it look like the asset is worthless , so others start selling too .
By borrowing a share , selling it below market rates , and then buying it back at even lower rates as others start piling on before they have to give the share back , they win big for a tiny initial investment .
It ’s all pretty scary and annoying when it happens , but as far as I can tell , it ’s not particularly unusual , or poorly understood , or worthy of being called a global crisis just because it happens to houses , banks or loans .
Credit default swaps and complex interdependencies
It gets substantially worse for the banking system for two reasons .
One is a lot of their assets are in the form of credit default swaps ( reportedly worth more than the entire annual GDP of the US ) , which tend to not have standardised terms are n’t actually traded on a market .
Which ends up meaning that there is n’t a “ market price ” , and if you ’re trying to make up a market price , you ’re even more likely to hit the “ barely and traders ” scenario , with a 50 c change in trade price costing you millions .
Worse , the nature of “ credit default swaps ” is that it ties banks together — if someone defaults on their loan , it does n’t just impact one bank , it impacts the bank they ’ve done the CDS with too .
To be fair , that ’s the point : rather than a big hit to one bank , it ’s a small hit to two banks .
But add enough of them at once ( because people suddenly can’t refinance their loans , eg ) that one bank is hit enough to go under , and they not only ca n’t sell off their CDS assets ( because there ’s no market ) , but the CDS that they ’re counterparty too possibly become worthless , increasing the risk for other banks and creating more uncertainty and risk , and an industry wide crisis .
In short , risky , complicated , highly interdependent , non-redundant systems are a bad idea .
( What , did we learn nothing from Jurassic Park ? )
Fractional reserve banking
As far as I can tell , the way in which banks have a disproportionate impact on the economy compared to any other business is by holding a fractional - reserve when offering loans , and thus increasing the commercial paper money supply .
All of which is to say that when you deposit $ 500 in a US bank , they go ahead and offer a loan of $ 450 to someone else , while still telling you that you can withdraw your $ 500 at any time .
And when someone accepts that loan offer , and spends the $ 450 , it ends up in someone else ’s account at some bank , and $ 405 is offered in another loan , until your $ 500 magically becomes $ 5000 , spread across dozens of accounts .
Which is fine until you have a bank run , and everyone tries to withdraw all their money , when there ’s only $ 500 actually there , or when people start defaulting on their loans more than was planned for , and your bank does n’t recover enough money to pay back the $ 450 of yours it loaned someone .
( The $ 500 / $ 450 / $ 5000 numbers are based on the 10 % fractional - reserve that the US requires — other countries have different requirements , or ( in the case of Australia and the UK , apparently ) none at all )
This is n’t anything special , but it does create inflation , of a form .
Rather than thinking there ’s $ 500 in the economy ( or $ 500 billion ) , people think , based simply on looking at their bank balances , that there ’s ten times that amount .
And if you ’ve got $ 5000 ( or $ 5 trillion ) , you ’re going to be willing to spend a little more than if you ’ve only got a tenth that .
But if you suddenly discover you do n’t have that much money — because your bank ’s failed , because you ca n’t get a loan you were relying on , or because your currency has deflated ; you need to tighten your belt and spend less .
And when you spend less , other people sell less , get paid less , and spend less themselves , which gives you deflation — and in so far as people are more annoyed at having their salary cut than finding things have gotten a bit more expensive , deflation is worse than inflation .
I ’m presuming , though so far I have n’t seen any actual evidence , that the problem with all these sub - prime mortgages and such is impacting the reserve banks are holding , which is in turn reducing the loans they can make , and causing a cascading contraction of the money supply .
It might be enough that they ’re simply not lending to other banks due to trust issues ( or fears their current outstanding loans wo n’t be repaid on time ) — effectively increasing their reserve from 10 % without being officially required to , and that causes deflation too .
Naked shorting
You can also get inflation ( and hence deflation ) with shares too : all you need is the ability to make shares appear from nowhere .
Which is what happens in naked short selling : rather than borrowing a share , selling it , then buying another back to return in its place , you just sell a share you do n’t have , and buy one later , and hope either that the computer system does n’t complain , or that you do n’t have to deliver the share until you ’ve bought it .
But for the time between the sale and the purchase , you ’ve tricked everybody else into thinking there are more shares around than there actually are — if there were a million shares outstanding , and you ’ve sold ten thousand shares you do n’t have , then suddenly there ’s a million ten thousand shares outstanding , and since the company ’s still worth just as much as it used to be , each share ’s suddenly only worth 99 % of what it used to be .
And if someone offers to sell for that , you get to cancel your short , and claim 1 % of 1 % of the company ’s entire net worth .
That only works if people do n’t factor in the fact that you own a negative number of shares , but not only is short selling all about profiting from other people ’s confusion anyway , but it ’s hard for people to tell how many shares are outstanding in total , but easy to tell how many are currently up for sale , and that ’s exactly what you ’re influencing .
I have n’t seen any evidence that ’s had anything to do with anything — at least other than the recent knee - jerk banning of short selling , both naked and otherwise , but it seems interesting and somewhat worrisome in and of itself .
The bailout - come- rescue
Well , it ’s not like there ’s just one — there ’s the Fannie / Freddie buyout , the AIG buyout , the TARP programme , and various “ liquidity injections ” around the rest of the world too .
It ’s not at all clear to me what any of that will actually achieve ; it could go anywhere from making a profit for taxpayers by buying currently underpriced assets that will recover in the near future , to being used to inflate prices of worthless assets in a grand maneoveur to transfer billions of dollars directly to bankers and financial portfolio managers and the preferred projects of the current political elite for nothing more than an assertion of “ increased confidence ” from those same folks .
My guess is it probably really is necessary — without it , there likely would be a real contraction in the money supply , and the changes in prices necessary to accommodate that ( ie , making cars cheaper because people ca n’t get car loans ; lowering incomes because people are n’t paying as much ) would cause a lot of difficulty .
Worse , deflation exaggerates bank balances ; so if you ’re already rich with a big bank account , you ’ll be able to buy more with that ; if you ’ve already got a big credit card debt , that ’ll be harder to pay off .
While that might be all nice and anti-consumer , it ’s also a pretty regressive transfer of wealth from the poor to the rich .
The FDIC
The US ( and apparently most other countries except Australia ) offers deposit insurance .
That is , if you put money in a bank backed by the FDIC , and it goes bust , the government will make sure you get your money back ( up to $ 100,000 anyway ) .
There ’s been talk of increasing that to $ 250,000 as part of the bailout , but I have n’t paid enough attention to see if ( or when ) that ’s actually happening .
That sounds all nice and rosy , but like everything it has a downside .
Here ’s one way to exploit it .
First get a few patsies to run the bank for you — it ’s designed to fail ( otherwise the FDIC is n’t going to matter ! ) , so you need someone ( else ! ) for people to blame , and who can do any jail time or have their assets confiscated , etc .
Second , setup a high - risk , high - return venture , and use that to offer ridiculously high interest rates on deposits , say 15 % .
Third , make sure that it ’s easy to explain why what you ’re doing is good , say “ we ’re helping the poor and underprivileged start businesses ” , but hard to explain why what you ’re doing is high risk , say by hiring a lot of clever econometricians to create complicated derivative products .
That way you can keep politicians on your side , and avoid the public getting wise .
Fourth , get lots of folks to invest up to the FDIC limit , and make high - risk , high - return loans , right up until you get too many defaults and your patsies have to declare bankruptcy .
Finally , pay off all your creditors , issue a press release about how some people just ca n’t be helped no matter how generous you try to be , and collect your original investment plus 15 % direct from the government .
Lessons ?
So , as near as I can tell , the lessons are probably these :
do n’t quasi - privatise things — you just get the worst of both worlds
do n’t leave things off the books — they ’ll only get worse for the lack of attention , and they will reappear eventually
systemic failures happen , internal redundancy is important
banks are important to the economy and need special care
the bailout is probably unjust , but doing nothing is probably even worse
just because things sound like a good idea does n’t mean they ’re not hurting more than they help
Of course , do n’t expect anyone to learn any of these lessons : the Federal buyout of 80 % of AIG is both a quasi-nationalisation and specifically scaled to stay off the government ’s books ; redundancy is the same as inefficiency and no one likes that ; everyone knows banks are evil ; the bailout ’s just in time to be fodder for the most important election ever ; and that certainly means no one ’s got time to work out what is good rather than what sounds good .
In 74 days ' time as many as two million people are expected to line The Mall in Washington , DC to celebrate the inauguration of America 's first black president and join what is expected to be the biggest and wildest public party in the city 's history .
Stirring words from Abraham Lincoln , Barack Obama 's political hero , will provide the theme for the inauguration ceremonies as the historic handover of power takes place at noon on 20 January 2009 .
There will be military escorts for VIPs and extensive security on hand to deal with what is expected to be the largest ever crowd for a presidential inauguration .
Plans for a huge parade in front of the White House are well under way .
Reviewing stands are already being built and marching bands are practising for the big day .
Hotels have jacked up their prices and are approaching capacity .
A $ 1 m ( £ 635,000 ) 300 - room package on offer from the Marriott hotel chain was snapped up earlier this week by an anonymous buyer .
The exclusive Ritz - Carlton was filling even as the reservations manager was being interviewed .
" Wow , they 're jumping , the numbers are jumping ! " said Payton Wynne as he watched his screen .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Preparations are also advanced to cater for the heads of state and government who will attend formal ceremonies along with ambassadors , dignitaries and other elected officials .
President - elect Obama 's family and friends from Chicago will also be in attendance , including Oprah Winfrey who long ago revealed that she had picked out a ball gown for the event .
But great efforts are also being made to ensure that millions of ordinary Americans are made to feel part of the historic ceremony , just as they were included in every stage of Mr Obama 's campaign for the presidency .
Officials preparing for the inauguration expect crowds well in excess of the 250,000 tickets that are being made available for the event .
Early predictions forecast more than two million people crowding the Mall – a vast public thoroughfare – to participate in the celebrations .
When George W Bush arrived in town after winning the disputed 2000 election , it was a bitterly cold day and protesters heckled as his cavalcade passed by .
But the customary extravagance associated with the inauguration of the world 's most powerful politician may be reined in this time in deference to the grim economic outlook and the fact that US soldiers are currently involved in two bitter wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Mr Obama will be keen not to imitate the first inauguration of Bill Clinton , which was organised by Hillary Clinton and comprised five days of non -stop parties .
Those events were choreographed to fix Americans ' attention on Mr Clinton 's political hero , Thomas Jefferson , and every effort was made to contrast with the privileged eras of Mr Clinton 's White House predecessors , George Bush Snr and Ronald Reagan .
But the event turned into a public relations disaster as the bill for the official parties topped $ 25 m , surpassed by George Bush 's $ 40 m extravaganza in 2000 .
Unlike former presidents , Mr Obama does not have a lobbyists ' slush fund to dip into for the parties , and his record of doing things on the cheap are more in tune with today 's bleak economic climate .
Mr Obama 's advisers are putting much emphasis on the fact that President Lincoln and he were first elected to office in Illinois .
Known as the Great Emancipator , President Lincoln 's leadership in the Civil War helped end slavery , and for his election night speech Mr Obama borrowed heavily from Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address with his reference to government " of the people , by the people , for the people " .
" It is especially fitting to celebrate the words of Lincoln as we prepare to inaugurate the first African American president of the United States , " said Senator Dianne Feinstein of California .
" On 20 January , as President - elect Obama takes the oath of office , he will look across the National Mall toward the Lincoln Memorial , where many of the 16th president 's immortal words are inscribed , " said Ms Feinstein , who is in charge of the inauguration ceremonies .
" The swearing - in ceremony continues to symbolise the ideals of renewal , continuity , and unity that he so often expressed , " she said , adding that " at a time when our country faces major challenges at home and abroad , it is appropriate to revisit the words of President Lincoln , who strived to bring the nation together by appealing to ' the better angels of our nature ' . "
The great Abe : 10 facts about President Lincoln
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
* Abraham Lincoln was the first president to be assassinated , shot on Good Friday at For 's Theatre by John Wilkes Booth .
* His mother Nancy died when the family cow ate poisonous mushrooms and she then drank its milk .
* Abe 's formal schooling consisted of about 18 months of classes , but he was an avid reader and educated himself .
* At 6ft 4 ins , he was the tallest president .
* He married Mary Todd and they had four boys , but only one of them lived to see his 18th birthday .
* He was the only president to receive a patent ( Number 6469 ) .
Inspired after being on a ship that ran foul of a sandbank , he dreamt up a device for lifting boats over shoals .
However , his invention was never manufactured .
* He had a scar on his thumb after an accident with an axe ; and a scar over his right eye , sustained during a fight with a gang of thieves .
* Lincoln 's favourite author was Edgar Allan Poe , and his favourite sport was wrestling .
* His most memorable piece of oratory was the Gettysburg Address during the American Civil War .
" We here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain – that this nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom – and that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth " .
* Lincoln 's head is one of the four etched into the granite of Mount Rushmore , alongside George Washington , Thomas Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A High Court judge in Zimbabwe has ordered police to launch a search for a human rights activist abducted from her home last week .
In an unusual move , Judge Anne Gowora said they should hunt for campaigner Jestina Mukoko in all places of detention where they have jurisdiction .
Police deny holding Ms Mukoko , director of the Zimbabwe Peace Project , who disappeared last Wednesday .
The opposition leader said he held President Mugabe responsible for her .
Speaking from neighbouring Botswana , the Movement for Democratic Change 's ( MDC ) Morgan Tsvangirai told the BBC : " These abductions are deliberate attempts to decimate , intimidate and harass the opposition . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Tribute to kidnapped campaigner Special report : Failing Zimbabwe
He added : " I can only say that Mugabe at this stage is responsible for the lives of those people , and that he should release those people .
If they die , they are dying on his hands . "
Mr Tsvangirai also said Zimbabwe 's cholera outbreak was " catastrophic " , as it emerged deaths from the epidemic had climbed towards 800 .
A total of 774 people have now died and suspected cases have climbed to 15,219 , the UN World Health Organisation said on Wednesday .
South Africa 's governing African National Congress party has urged Zimbabwe 's government " as a matter of urgency " to find Ms Mukoko and two other missing Zimbabwe Peace Project workers .
Protest march
The High Court judge ordered national broadcaster the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation to run radio and television appeals for information about Ms Mukoko , who was allegedly abducted from her home outside the capital , Harare , by 15 armed men on 3 December .
There are reports that two days later the brother of a lawyer working on Ms Mukoko 's case was taken from his home in southern Zimbabwe , while two of Ms Mukoko 's colleagues were abducted on Monday at their workplace .
It has been estimated cholera cases could top 60,000 within weeks On Wednesday , members of Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights carrying banners protesting against recent abductions marched through the centre of Harare to parliament .
Zimbabwean journalist Brian Hungwe told the BBC emotions were running high but the marchers , who were escorted by police on bicycles , conducted themselves peacefully .
BBC southern Africa correspondent Peter Biles says there is growing concern in Zimbabwe about the number of human rights activists and MDC supporters who have been abducted since October .
Some 18 are reportedly missing .
On Monday , an adviser to Mr Tsvangirai was also abducted .
Gandhi Mudzwinga was forced into a car by a group of armed men and driven away , said eyewitnesses .
Robert Mugabe 's ruling Zanu - PF party and the MDC have been deadlocked in floundering power - sharing negotiations since September over how to divide control of key ministries .
This shows the audacity of a regime that is desperate to stay in power , no matter what the cost
Amnesty International Mr Tsvangirai has not been back in the country since leaving more than a month ago to attend a summit in Johannesburg - where efforts failed again to set up a national unity government in Zimbabwe .
" Zanu - PF expected that after having messed up the country they expect us to clean up the mess without the authority to discharge our responsibilities , " the MDC leader told the BBC .
African pressure Human rights groups demanded an immediate end on Wednesday to the abduction of activists .
" This shows the audacity of a regime that is desperate to stay in power , no matter what the cost , " Irene Khan , secretary general of Amnesty International , said .
Civil rights groups say they are being targeted in Zimbabwe " The only way out of this problem is through unified pressure from outside , in particular of African leaders . "
But so far among African nations , only leaders in Botswana and Kenya have called on Mr Mugabe , who has ruled since Zimbabwe won independence in 1980 , to go .
South Africa has rejected calls for the 84 - year - old to resign , while the 53 - member African Union says power - sharing talks are the way forward .
The Zimbabwe government said on Tuesday the cholera outbreak was under control , a week after declaring it a national emergency .
But up to 60,000 cases of the disease could emerge in the country in the coming weeks , the UN children 's agency Unicef has warned .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gloves for your iPhone
Exhibit A : Flippy Fingers Aka Stretch Gloves
Exhibit B : The Dot Gloves
You can get the Dot Gloves Here
I owned a touch screen phone for years before finally making the jump to a Blackberry , so I understand the difficulties associated with touch screen phones like the iPhone .
I had two major issues with touch screen phones .
The first was when trying to drive and dial , the lack of buttons made it nearly impossible to dial without looking at the phone , which resulted in me staring at the phone screen to find the right button instead of looking at the road ( Pretty dangerous ) .
My other major issue was trying to type when I was wearing gloves .
I live in Canada , so this might not be a concern if you live somewhere like California , but for us Eskimos in training up North , wearing gloves is often a necessity and wearing gloves while using a touch screen are two things that do n't go hand in hand .
Luckily , the iPhone has created such a massive industry that people have actually now created gloves specifically for using a touch screen device .
These gloves look like somebody snipped the bottom half of the finger open so they can unleash their fingers on their nose , I mean iPhone .
I 'm sure they are great for somebody who just needs to wear a pair of gloves to work , but for your average snowboarder or skier , one bail and your gloves are going to be packed full of snow .
The second pair of gloves might actually be useful .
Instead of giving you direct finger access to your iPhone or boogers , these gloves have cute little ' dots ' on the index and thumb finger tip giving you the ability to use your iPhone as if your hands were n't trapped in a pair of claustrophobic gloves .
The best part is , they offer only two models , so you wo n't waste time debating on which pair to get .
The knit model is $ 15 , while the wool ones are $ 20 .
These gloves are the perfect cheap gift for your loved ones with iPhones this year .
Some sell for more than $ 3.5 million .
Only 700 of them exist , and they ’re stored in vaults , frequently stolen and often counterfeited .
The object in question ?
Stradivarius violins , constructed by famed Italian instrument - maker Antonio Stradivari between 1680 and 1720 .
Treasured for possessing sublime acoustic properties , these rare instruments have spawned dozens of theories attempting to explain their legendary tone , and luthiers , makers of stringed instruments , are still trying to reproduce it .
The question remains : Are Stradivarius violins worth all the fuss ?
There ’s no objective answer , said James Lyon , Penn State professor of music in violin .
When Stradivari was crafting violins , most musicians performed in churches and courts .
Rulers and the wealthy sponsored artists to enhance their prestige .
As music moved away from this patronage system in the first half of the 19th century , Lyon explained , musicians ’ careers became dependent on fitting more people into concert halls .
Thus , although they were originally built for much smaller venues , almost every Strad still around today has been altered to sound best in a large concert hall setting .
The violin world frequently stages blind tests of modern and vintage violins , including Stradivari’s , Lyon noted , and as often as not the audience prefers the sound of the modern instruments .
But many musicians and luthiers argue that these tests are virtually meaningless .
For one thing , the player usually knows which violin is the Stradivarius and could unintentionally bias the results by playing the fabled instrument differently .
For another , even trained musicians can’t reliably pick out the sound of a Strad , he said .
Asking people to choose between modern and vintage violins , said Lyon , is like asking their favorite ice cream flavor .
You never get complete agreement because people like different things .
In addition , it takes a while to get to know an instrument , and the testing format does n’t allow for this .
Sometimes half a year after purchasing an instrument , Lyon explained , the player “ is still learning how it wants to be played . ”
Still , luthiers since Stradivari ’s time have tried to reproduce the classic “ Strad ” sound .
Some claim the secret lies in the craftsmanship , others the varnish , others the wood .
Virtually every aspect of the violin has been touted as the key .
Scientists , too , have tackled the question from various angles .
Some chemical analyses suggest that the smooth , mellifluous tones may have resulted , in part , from an application of an oxidizing mineral such as borax , often used in Stradivari ’s day to prevent woodworm infestation .
Dendrochronology , the study of annual growth rings in trees , suggests that the wood Stradivari used grew largely during the Little Ice Age that prevailed in Europe from the mid-1400s to the mid-1800s .
Long winters and cool summers produced very dense wood with outstanding resonance qualities , the thinking goes .
The dense wood also helps the instruments stand up over hundreds of years of use .
In light of the dozens of theories put forth to explain the Stradivarius reputation , Lyon ca n’t choose just one .
“ I think there ’s likely no magic bullet here .
Stradivari was just an incredibly consistent craftsman , and he was a real groundbreaker . ”
But given technological advances over the last 300 years , he added , it seems crazy to assume that the old luthiers knew everything there was to know about their trade .
The mystique remains , however .
Asked if putting aside the monetary value of the instrument , he would like to have a Stradivarius to play , Lyon said , “ Yes , I ca n’t imagine anyone who would n’t .
Partly it ’s the history that goes with them . ”
Author ’s note : Just after this article was written , it became evident that Israel is likely to launch at least a limited attack on Gaza , which only heightens the sense of urgency for action that is advocated here .
The baby is crying again .
You wake up .
Cold .
There is no electricity in the house ; it went off during the night .
For the last week  weeks , months  it has been on only sporadically .
You throw on a coat and go to check on the baby .
It seems listless .
There is no milk in the house , and very little food .
The UN shipments have stopped again , and you are not sure when they will resume .
In the other room , you hear your husband coughing .
He has been sick for weeks and lately he has been spitting up blood .
He has tried to get permission to get to a hospital in Israel , but every time he has been denied permission to leave .
You go outside to see if a neighbor can give you any milk .
The first thing that hits you is the stench .
The garbage has not been collected for weeks , and the sewage problem , because of the recent rains , has become even worse .
No wonder so many people are sick .
You are living in a cesspool .
And you , and everyone else , is trapped inside this prison because the borders are sealed .
This has been going on now for a year and half , and there is no telling when it will be over .
And with the end of the truce , such as it was , there is a renewed threat of violence from the Israelis .
Even now , you see an Israeli drone overhead and know that a missile could be launched from it at any time .
This is ordinary life these days in Gaza , the thin strip of land along the southern Mediterranean coast , 25 miles long and 6 miles wide at its maximum into which about one and half million inhabitants , most of them originally refugees , are packed .
Gaza has one of the highest population densities in the world , and most of its population , about 56 % , is 16 or younger .
Many are malnourished  some estimates put the figure as high as 75 % .
According to a recent study cited by the noted author , Chris Hedges , 46 % of Gazan children are afflicted with acute anemia , and 30 % suffer from stunted growth as a result of chronic malnutrition .
About a tenth of these children have permanent brain damage .
Eighty - two percent are afflicted with post - traumatic stress disorder ; the great majority of them have witnessed death first - hand .
Eighty percent of the population as a whole is dependent on food aid .
Unemployment is rampant  upwards of 60 % .
Most Gazans subsist on less than $ 2 a day .
According to a recent report by Andrea Becker in an article entitled " The Slow Death of Gaza , " the effects of the siege , which has been imposed on Gaza by Israel , ever since Hamas took control of this territory in June , 2007 , have been devastating , and the situation is , if anything , only growing worse .
Many on - the - spot observers and prominent international spokesmen have not hesitated to call Israel ’s actions genocidal both in intent and effect .
The U.N. special rapporteur for human rights in the Occupied Territories , Richard Falk , for example , has condemned the Israeli siege of Gaza as “ a crime against humanity ” and " a prelude to genocide . "
It ’s easy to understand why when you read such reports as Becker ’s where she recounts the various forms of misery and deprivation from which Gazans suffer daily :
" In practice , Israel ’s blockade means the denial of a broad range of items  food , industrial , educational , medical  deemed ‘ non-essential ’ for a population largely unable to be self - sufficient at the end of decades of occupation .
It means that industrial , cooking and diesel fuel , normally scarce , are virtually absent now .
There are no queues at petrol stations ; they are simply shut .
The lack of fuel in turn means that sewage and treatment stations cannot function properly , resulting in decreased potable water and tens of millions of litres of untreated or partly treated sewage being dumped into the sea every day .
Electricity cuts  previously around eight hours a day , now up to 16 hours a day in many areas  affect all homes and hospitals .
Those lucky enough to have generators struggle to find the fuel to make them work , or spare parts to repair them when they break from overuse .
Even candles are running out . "
Articles such as Becker ’s are easily found on the Internet and even occasionally in the American press ; there is no dearth of damning statistics that can be cited to illustrate the immensity of the problems Gazans face in coping with the challenges of this siege , seemingly without end .
But my purpose here is not merely to provide another such recitation of numbers , percentages and other quantitative indices of this situation .
Instead , I would merely like to present to you some voices from Gaza that speak directly of what their own lives are like and how they have come to feel as this siege continues .
The people whose stories I will cite are friends of mine  though I have never met them .
Although I spent most of November in Palestine myself , I was never able to get into Gaza since the walls of a prison often exclude visitors as well as those they incarcerate .
But they have become friends of mine through correspondence , and all of them will be contributing to a book I ’m writing about life under the occupation .
Here , however , I will just let them speak for themselves , quoting from the letters they have sent or otherwise made available to me .
One man , a professor , in writing about the siege , sent me this summary several months ago , although conditions have not really changed significantly from the time of his letter :
" Sorry to disappoint you and tell you that Israel , in fact , is still preventing us from having fuel .
They only allowed the only electricity station we have here to have some industrial diesel .
But that was not enough at all .
I spent the whole night in total darkness .
" The severe shortages in fuel have affected our teaching program .
Our students and lecturers cannot attend their classes .
Yesterday , I had only three students out of 80 !
Those who can walk long distances try their luck .
But yesterday we had a heat wave and many of those who tried to walk to school had dehydration .
Mind you that most of our students already suffer from malnutrition .
To add insult to injury , UNRWA has halted all its activities yesterday , for the first time in 60 years .
80 percent of Gazans depend on food handouts provided by UNRWA .
So you can imagine the situation now .
" Israel ’s continued tightened siege on the Gaza Strip has a catastrophic effect on all of us here .
In addition to the chronic shortages of fuel , we also have shortages in medicine and some basic food stuffs .
The situation is simply disastrous .
I ’ve just heard that patient number 138 has passed away .
He is one of thousands of terminally ill patients who need urgent treatment outside Gaza , in Israeli , Jordanian , Egyptian , or even West Bank hospitals , but Israel is refusing to give them the necessary permits .
Two days ago I visited Al - Shifa hospital and was told that almost all major surgical operations have been suspended due to regular power cuts and the absence of fuel to run their generator !
" In addition to the dangerous shortage of electricity that threatens the lives of critically ill patients in all of Gaza ’s hospitals , and the chronic shortages of petrol and diesel and gas for domestic use , we are also suffering widespread shortages of bread , due to lack of electricity to run the ovens at bakeries across Gaza . "
Another friend , this one a college student , who wrote me only two weeks ago , after alluding to similar conditions that were affecting her personally , summed up her feelings this way :
" My dear , I do n’t want to break your heart with the awful news of the late Gaza , peace be upon that place of earth .
I am sure you follow the news wherever available , yet media can not and will never be able to honestly describe the truth of our reality .
People here have reached a point in which they feel as if they are isolated from the rest of the world ( which the are ) .
I have personally heard some saying : ‘ This is not a life , we are dead , we have been for a long time but lying to ourselves saying that we are alive , we ’re just some moving dead people . ’
" Believe me , it is worse than that , but there are still many people who truly believe that salvation is very close .
I am not sure which one of them I am . "
And . finally , a letter that was written a year ago showing that even then , only five months into the siege , the situation was just as grim as today and the feelings of hopelessness and abandonment fully as pronounced .
As you ’ll see , this woman ’s remarks foreshadow and articulate even more powerfully the same sentiments my college student friend expressed in her recent letter .
" I ’m sorry for not being in touch and for not writing sooner , but words are failing me , and I cannot articulate what Gaza feels like right now .
A hopeless prison with a dark gloomy cloud over it .
It ’s been raining for three days now and its starting to get cold .
Unfortunately with rainstorms come power outages , so that means there is no water or electric heaters .
Gas heaters are not operational either because of the high gas price , that ’s when gas is even available .
But also because most people are saving their gas for cooking food , rather than using it for heaters , especially with a possible invasion coming in two weeks and the possible cutoff of gas .
I feel for people without access to heat .
I also feel for people like my aunt whose house was demolished and is living in a half - built house with no windows that UNRWA stopped building because they ran out of cement and other building materials .
It ’s the beginning of the winter .
It ’s only going to get colder .
" I also ca n’t help but think of Gaza ’s sick and dying … in their frailty , lying there helpless wishing hoping praying that by God ’s mercy they would be allowed a permit to leave Gaza , or by some sort of miracle someone will save them .
But most are denied access and most die a slow agonizing death , and only then are their bodies free .
" And the world reads about it , but it ’s just another story , another one of Gaza ’s tragedies .
But I wish the world would realize how real this is and how real these sick people are .
Some of these sick patients are my uncle who has heart disease , or my little cousin with a tumor , and now unfortunately my aunt ’s husband who one day was walking , and the next day woke up crippled from a brain tumor .
And when you see people you care about so sick and unable to leave Gaza , you first get angry for having such shi*ty luck , and for the injustice of the world … the type of anger that turns into fury and consumes you , until it becomes exhausting .
You then resign yourself to the reality of Gaza ’s fate which finally sinks in .
But with that reality comes hopelessness and the crippling feeling of helplessness .
And so my uncle , my cousin and my aunt ’s husband lie in a hospital , waiting for their permits , and none of us can do a thing other than pray or chase around people who may know someone who knows someone who can help us with a permit .
But we know full well how real death is , and that most just die while waiting .
And then a human rights organization issues a statement , yet again , another Palestinian dies because they were denied access to medical care .
And their only crime was being born Palestinian in Gaza and falling ill .
Nowhere else will you see this but in Gaza .
And no place else will the world remain silent at the obscenity of Israel ’s inhumane acts , except in Gaza .
" It ’s hard to not feel like we ’re in a large concentration camp as I see Gaza ’s empty streets , and the hopeless feeling in the air and just the gloominess that has covered Gaza .
I think most people feel abandoned as we are literally locked up in this small , concentrated space and we do n’t know what the world plans for us , or what to expect next .
It ’s hard to imagine what being in Gaza does to someone ’s will until you ’ve come here .
You no longer feel alive , in fact , you ’re not living ; you ’re just killing time until some sort of change happens .
Sadly , Gaza has become desensitized to the rest of the world , as it feels like the international community has turned a blind eye to the reality that is Gaza , and as long as Israel is allowing some food in and has n’t completely cut off electricity or gas and as long as we are kept alive , no one will ask about us .
" But just because we are breathing , that does n’t mean we ’re alive . "
Again , like the statistics I cited at the beginning of this article , these despairing Gazan voices could be multiplied ad infinitum , but redundancy would not strengthen my case that the people of Gaza have been suffering , and continue to suffer , grievously from this terrible siege that has been imposed on them collectively because of the actions of a few .
Of this , you are probably already convinced , whatever you may think of the justifications  or lack of it  for Israel ’s actions .
The point is that more than a million people are experiencing a calamitous humanitarian crisis , which has been made even worse by so many American voices remaining silent in the face of this ongoing and , in the view of many , obscene strangulation of Gaza .
Of course , you could say , " well , there are many people who are suffering throughout the world  look at Darfur , the Congo , Kenya , India , etc. , etc . "
True enough , but Americans must remember this :
It is our unremitting financial support of Israel , amounting to about 3 billion dollars every year * , making it the recipient of more of our foreign aid that any other country , that makes this siege possible .
We are paying for all those planes and missiles , for all those bulldozers that demolish the houses of Gazans ( and other Palestinians ) , and for the salaries for all those guards who are keeping the Gazan people locked up in their fetid open - air prison .
Yes , these are your tax dollars at work .
Do you really want to continue to see them spent in this way ?
If not , then please , as the Obama administration is about to take office , write to the incoming president , to your senators and congressmen , and even to the government officials in Israel , which is holding its own election soon , to protest as vigorously as possible against the continuation of the siege and to call for its cessation .
Americans have a special responsibility here , and by adding our voices to those around the world who have already condemned in the strongest way the siege of Gaza , perhaps we can help to create a wave of irresistible pressure against the walls of Gaza that will finally bring them down .
The people of Gaza , resilient as many of them doubtless are , are counting on us not to forget them .
Listening to their voices , we must use ours not to fail them .
* Some analyses suggest that the actual amount may be closer to 5 billion dollars per annum , but whichever figure is used , the thesis is not affected .
News in Science
Fungus breathes life into biofuels
A reddish microbe found on the inside of a tree at a secret location in the rainforests of northern Patagonia could unlock the biofuel of the future , say scientists .
Appearing in the journal Microbiology , the discoverers have coined the term ' myco - diesel ' - a derivation of the word for fungus - to describe the bouquet of hydrocarbons that it breathes .
" This is the only organism that has ever been shown to produce such an important combination of fuel substances , " says Gary Strobel , a professor of biology at Montana State University .
" The fungus can even make these diesel compounds from cellulose , which would make it a better source of biofuel than anything we use at the moment . "
Serendipity
Strobel says that he came across Gliocladium roseum thanks to " two cases of serendipity . "
The first was in the late 1990s , when his team , working in Honduras , came across a previously unidentified fungus called Muscodor albus .
By sheer accident , they found that M. albus releases a powerful volatile antibiotic .
Intrigued by this , the team tested M. albus on the ulmo tree , whose fibres are a known habitat for fungi , in the hope that this would show up a new fungus .
" Quite unexpectedly , G. roseum grew in the presence of these gases when almost all other fungi were killed .
It was also making volatile antibiotics , " says Strobel .
" Then , when we examined the gas composition of G. roseum , we were totally surprised to learn that it was making a plethora of hydrocarbons and hydrocarbon derivatives .
The results were totally unexpected and very exciting , and almost every hair on my arms stood on end . "
Strobel 's team put the G. roseum through its paces in the lab , growing it on an oatmeal - based jelly and on cellulose .
Extractor fans drew off the gases exuded by the fungus , and analysis showed that many of them were hydrocarbons , including at least eight compounds that are the most abundant ingredients in diesel .
Direct process
Biofuels have been promoted as good alternatives to oil , which is sourced from politically volatile regions and is a major contributor to the greenhouse effect .
One of the downsides of biofuels has been their impact on the world food market , because the present generation of fuels is derived from food crops that are grown on farmland .
Another avenue of exploration is in cheap , plentiful non-food fibrous plants and cellulose materials , such as switchgrass , wood chips and straw .
But these sources , hampered by costs and technical complications , are yet to reach commercial scale .
" G. roseum can make myco - diesel directly from cellulose , the main compound found in plants and paper , " says Strobel .
" This means that if the fungus was used to make fuel , a step in the production process could be skipped . "
Instead of using farmland to grow biofuels , G. roseum could be grown in factories , like baker 's yeast , and its gases siphoned off to be liquefied into fuel , he suggests .
Another alternative , he says , would be to strip out the enzyme - making genes from the fungus and use this to break down the cellulose to make the biodiesel .
Strobel says Montana State University had filed patents for the fungus , proceeds of which would be shared with local people .
G. roseum is a variant of a known fungus species called Gliocladium .
" It might be " common in some forests , says Strobel .
Asked where the fungus had been found , he pointed to the experiences of the 1848 gold rush and says the location had to be protected : " The answer to that is , what if we pushed ourselves back about a hundred and fifty years and you heard a story about a guy finding gold out in California ? "
Following repeated rumors to the effect , Gamasutra has learned that Ziff Davis has sold its 1UP division to Hearst 's UGO Entertainment , and is shutting long - running print magazine EGM in the process .
According to a statement received by Gamasutra , Ziff Davis Media has now officially announced the sale of the 1UP Digital Network to Hearst 's UGO Entertainment division .
The sale includes 1UP.com , Mycheats.com , Gametab.com , and GameVideos.com , and specific financial terms of the deal were not disclosed .
In association with the move , Ziff Davis Media 's EGM Magazine , a consumer game print mainstay since 1989 , will be discontinued .
The January 2009 issue will be the final printed issue .
" We believe this is a smart transaction for Ziff Davis Media that places these market leading assets and teams in a great environment poised for further success .
The transaction allows us to pay down debt and shift our full focus to our core PCMag Digital Network business .
We thank our 1UP team members for their contributions and wish them the best of success into the future " , said Ziff Davis Media CEO Jason Young .
" Since we started UGO 11 years ago , we have served the gamer community and built a world - class online publishing platform , " said J Moses , CEO of UGO Entertainment .
" The acquisition of 1UP , with its authentic voice , tenured editorial personalities and bustling user community , allows us to expand our base of quality content and represents a major step forward in UGO 's mission to become the leader in the games space . " :
According to information obtained by Gamasutra , around 30 employees of Ziff Davis ' Game Group were laid off immediately following today 's announcement , including the staff of EGM Magazine , but also some elements of the 1UP Network 's web staff , including podcast and video producers .
In addition , Gamasutra has obtained a copy of the internal email sent to Ziff Davis employees by CEO Jason Young following the announcement , as follows : " Team : We are announcing today the sale of our 1UP digital business to UGO Entertainment , a dvision of Hearst Corporation .
Over the course of the last 4 years we have built the 1UP sites into a top tier gaming digital destination .
While our growth has been sharp , it has become apparent that more scale is necessary to effectively compete in this market segment .
We made the decision that the best path to putting our award winning 1UP brand and content in a more competitive position was to combine it with the operations of another publisher .
We received much interest from other parties .
After a comprehensive process , this morning we completed a deal with Hearst Interactive , the owner and operator of UGO Entertainment .
1UP.com , MyCheats.com , Gamevideos.com , and Gametab.com will now all be part of the UGO Entertainment business .
Many of our employees will travel with this business and become part of the UGO team .
With this transaction happening , we have also made the decision to discontinue publication of EGM .
The January 2009 issue will be the final issue of the publication .
With demand for print continuing to decline amongst both advertisers and readers and the content being produced by 1UP no longer available for use in the publication , it simply did not make sense for us to move forward with this business any longer .
We will continue to operate the Filefront business as a part of the PCMag Digital Network .
In the coming months we will determine the best ways to leverage the scale and functionality of this digital property to expand our business position .
The Ziff Davis position in the gaming market has been significant and important to our company and the market itself .
While many of our assets in the PCMag Digital Network ( including Filefront now ) will continue to cover this market , it 's important that we celebrate all that we have achieved over the last 25 years .
Our leadership in print for decades with titles like Computer Gaming World and EGM which in turn translated into the build out of one of the leading digital gaming media assets in 1UP are prime examples of the skill , passion , and expertise of our teams .
and what they achieved .
It 's incredible to compare the 1UP.com of today versus that of 12 months ago .
I want to thank everybody in our Game Group for their important contributions over the years .
For Ziff Davis Media , our attention and focus now shifts squarely to the PC Mag Digital Network .
The proceeds from this transaction will be used to pay down debt .
One of the primary objectives of our business plan is ensuring that we have plenty of room to service our debt obligations into the future , and manage for growth in what will be a challenging year in the advertising market .
While the market will be tough , we are confident our position is well aligned to where the demand is most active .
We move forward as a 100 % digital business with tenured brand position , and powerful capabilities to drive results for our customers .
I look forward to sharing more updates in the coming weeks .
JY . " ]
George Whiteknife hunts , traps and fishes downstream from the oil sands
By Sarah Shenker
BBC News , Fort Chipewyan
In the small northern community of Fort Chipewyan in western Canada , as winter draws in , talk turns to the ice road and when it will be ready .
The isolated community of about 1,000 people is served year - round by a small airfield , but locals can only leave in their cars when the ice on the rivers south towards the nearest town , Fort McMurray , is thick enough to drive on .
This winter , another subject is dominating conversations : how low can oil prices go ?
From a high of $ 147 ( £ 98 ) a barrel earlier this year , they have dropped below $ 50 .
But unlike many people , locals are not hoping for oil prices to recover .
Fort Chipewyan , a mostly First Nations ( aboriginal ) community , is downstream from Canada 's oil sands mines on the Athabasca River in the province of Alberta .
Current production is more than double what it was in 2000 .
Current rates are expected to triple by 2020 , as more and more land is given over to mining and underground ( in - situ ) extraction of bituminous sand to feed the world 's growing demand for oil .
See how in - situ extraction methods work Many in Fort Chipewyan hope low oil prices will put the brakes on that development .
They believe they are suffering from the aftershocks of an industry expanding at a rampant pace without the necessary environmental limits .
It is a view backed up by independent environmental scientists and local doctors , but hotly contested by industry .
Deformed fish George Whiteknife , known as Sloan , has lived in Fort Chipewyan all his life .
He provides much of the food for his family and dogs by hunting , fishing and trapping .
Sloan , a member of the Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation , says he first began noticing something was different about eight or 10 years ago , when for a period of a couple of weeks , the fish in Lake Athabasca seemed to disappear and his fishing net came out of the water covered in a black , oily substance .
The people downstream can be protected if they know what the dangers are , but what 's wrong is to keep them in the dark
Dr Michel Sauve
President of Fort McMurray Medical Association
Since then , the changes have accelerated , he says .
" Migrating birds used to fly through here - geese , snow geese , swans and all that .
Now it seems like they 're starting to leave this area , " he says .
Rabbits , mice and lynx are dwindling too , he says .
The moose are getting skinnier .
There have been reports of deformed fish with tumours , of muskrats found dead in their dens , of whitefish turning red .
Some hunters and trappers were saying the meat tasted unusual .
No one will now drink water from the lake , some refuse even after the water has been treated .
' Valid concerns '
The oil sands industry , based around Fort McMurray , relies on the Athabasca River for water to help extract the oil from the sand .
Waste water from the process is re-used many times , but it contains such high concentrations of naturally occurring elements like arsenic and mercury that it must be stored in vast , man -made lakes surrounded by earthen dykes , known as tailings ponds .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Government and industry officials say no tailings water ever ends up back in the river , and point to data collected by their scientists to back this up .
Martyn Griggs of the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers ( Capp ) says the oil sands industry is the probably the most regulated industry in the country .
However , in a report for the local Nunee Health Board last year , environmental scientist Kevin Timoney found higher levels of contaminants in the water downstream from the oil sands plants , suggesting that tailings could be leaking into the water system .
Once in the water , the contaminants - which also include napthenic acids and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) - enter the food chain .
Some of the most popular fish have so much mercury in them that they should not be eaten , Dr Timoney cautions .
" When I gave the results of my report , I think many people were not so much shocked as they were reassured that their concerns were valid , " Mr Timoney says .
Fort Chipewyan is one of the oldest European settlements in Alberta
His conclusions are broadly backed up by David Schindler , a water ecologist and the Killam memorial professor of ecology at the University of Alberta in Edmonton .
" I think it 's very unlikely that mining on that scale is not increasing all of the amounts of pollutants coming ... into the river , " he says .
The catalyst for the research was the number of deaths in the community from cancer , and in particular from a rare type of cancer , cholangiocarcinoma , or bile duct cancer .
The incidence rate of bile duct cancer is usually about one in 100,000 .
Locals say they know of at least five or six cases in a population of about 1,000 .
George Whiteknife 's partner , Valerie , lost her brother - in - law to cancer .
Her nephew Grant also died of cancer , just days after his 28th birthday .
" Cancer is so common here , more than half the people who die seem to die of cancer , " says John Rigney , who works for the Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation in Fort Chipewyan .
' Devastating disease ' Dr Michel Sauve , a consultant physician in Fort McMurray and the president of the Fort McMurray Medical Association , says he first noticed something was wrong about eight or nine years ago .
" People from Fort Chipewyan were being hospitalised at three times the rate expected .
They were sicker and there was no obvious explanation , " he says .
Dr Sauve knows of three proven cases of bile duct cancer .
Two other cases were seen in Fort Chipewyan but the patients died and were buried before anyone could get tissue evidence .
George Whiteknife 's partner Valerie with a picture of her nephew as a boy " To see multiple cases of bile duct cancer in a small population would seem very disproportionate , " he says .
" When it hits , it 's a devastating disease , usually picked up too late for treatment . "
The government says the number of confirmed cases is lower .
A report by the Alberta Cancer Board in 2006 found that the numbers were elevated but not high enough to cause concern .
" It was conclusive that there was no connection between oil sands development and cancer rates , " says Alberta 's Deputy Premier Ron Stevens .
Locals say that study was haphazard and failed to take into account two years of data .
A second review by the Alberta Cancer Board is currently undergoing peer review before being published , but its conclusions have already been rejected by the community .
Mr Stevens describes the reaction as " inexplicable " .
" It seems to me that perhaps there 's some politics going on , " he says .
But George Poitras , former chief of Fort Chipewyan 's Mikisew Cree First Nation and currently its environmental advocate , says the community was not consulted as research was being carried out .
Dr Sauve says the study is just a review of known cases , and has called for a thorough investigation into how many cases there have been in the community , compared with a similar community elsewhere .
" All we know is that there is cause for concern ... and we have concerns that there 's an environmental factor causing this , " he says .
" The people downstream can be protected if they know what the dangers are , but what 's wrong is to keep them in the dark . "
' Wiped out '
The process has left trust in the government at an all - time low , says Mr Poitras .
The community has decided to find its own answers to the water quality question , commissioning its own research and speaking out to the media .
In the meantime , the growing development of the oil sands is threatening the very existence of his people , Mr Poitras says .
" When people are dying at the rate they are dying in our community , I do n't think that 's over - dramatic , " he says .
" There 's a big concern about the very existence of our community , of our people , being wiped out by industrial development . "
Alan Adams , the chief of the Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation , says most people do not want the oil sands industry stopped , but want the pace of expansion to slow down .
He believes low oil prices are a temporary fix , and that once the economy bounces back , " they 're going to be back in there harder than before " .
Return to top
On Thursday , Sarah Shenker reports from Fort McMurray on how residents are coping with the effects of the growing oil sands industry .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LOS ANGELES , Dec. 27 ( UPI ) --
The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department says it is holding an emerald estimated to be worth as much as $ 370 million while the stone 's owner is determined .
A department spokesman said the 850 - pound gem will be in safekeeping until a federal judge determines who rightfully owns it .
Advertisement
The " Bahia Emerald " was reported stolen in September from a secured vault in South El Monte , Calif .
CNN reported the emerald has been at the center of a dispute between a California man who claimed ownership , a company with which he contracted to sell it and a potential buyer .
It is alleged the gemstone 's owner tried to go around the broker , who received a $ 19 million offer , and sell the emerald to the same buyer for $ 75 million .
The Brazilian stone was located in a Las Vegas warehouse , where the person in possession claimed to be the rightful owner , Los Angeles Sheriff 's Lt. Thomas Grubb said .
A federal judge ordered the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department to hold the emerald until he can sort out the legal issues , Grubb said .
If you do n’t like public spending you could do it this way : Give every voter a federal debit card .
And put the money in their accounts .
Tell them if they do n’t spend it this month , the government will take it back .
Some people will try to cheat and find ways to save the money , but probably not many .
Some people will use the money to pay down their credit cards .
That ’s good .
The less they pay in interest each month the more they can spend .
Everybody should read books and everybody should have books in their homes .
But do you have neat bookshelves ?
An original idea of the Italian brand Lago , which specializes in furniture design , is these bookshelves .
This is an inovative bookshelf design that stands out from the crowd .
“ Everything changes , everything can transform itself ”
Evidence of white phosphorus in Gaza International Solidarity Movement
The Guardian has obtained vivid footage of the effect of white phosphorus allegedly used by Israel during a bomb attack on Gaza last week .
The film was made by Fida Qishta , a camerawoman working for the International Solidarity Movement , a non-governmental organisation operating in Gaza .
It was shot on Wednesday 14 January in Khoza 'a , east of Khan Younis in the south of the Gaza Strip .
It shows clumps of the burning chemical on the ground as locals try to put it out by covering it with dust , mud and grass .
The chemical , which locals describe as phosphorus , fails to go out and continues to burn through the debris piled upon it .
As they kick it about , it subdivides into smaller lumps and continues to burn .
The use of white phosphorus as a weapon – as opposed to its use as an obscurant and infrared blocking smoke screen – is banned by the United Nation 's third convention on conventional weapons , which covers the use of incendiary devices .
Though Israel is not a signatory to the convention , its military manuals reflect the restrictions on its use in that convention .
A second film reveals the impact of the white phosphorus on the human body .
A 15 - year - old boy is shown in a Gaza hospital receiving treatment for burns to his back and right arm which a doctor explains were caused by the chemical , which appears to have eaten into his flesh in several places .
Ayman al Najar , 13 , tells how he lost his sister , grandfather and cousin in a bomb attack International Solidarity Movement
Lying on his hospital bed , the boy tells how he was sitting with his family in their four - storey house when an Israeli bomb hit , killing his sister with shrapnel .
His testimony follows an earlier film by Qishta which contains graphic descriptions of attacks by Israeli forces in the same area .
Amnesty International said today that Israel has committed a war crime by using phosphorous over Gaza 's densely populated residential neighbourhoods .
The human rights organisation also said they had fresh evidence of its use .
" Yesterday , we saw streets and alleyways littered with evidence of the use of white phosphorus , including still burning wedges and the remnants of the shells and canisters fired by the Israeli army , " said Christopher Cobb - Smith , a weapons expert who is in Gaza as part of a four - person Amnesty International fact - finding team .
" White phosphorus is a weapon intended to provide a smokescreen for troop movements on the battlefield .
It is highly incendiary , air burst and its spread effect is such that it that should never be used on civilian areas . "
[ Haskell - cafe ]
Type families are awesome
Hi Haskell Cafe , I 'm finding that I really like type families .
For instance , the GHC.
List.lookup and Data.Map.lookup functions annoy me because their names clash , yet their type are so similar .
With type families , I could define a more generic lookup function like this : import Data .
Map as MAP import GHC .
List as LIST class MapType ma where type Key ma type Item ma lookup :: Key ma -> ma ->
Maybe ( Item ma ) instance ( Ord ka ) => MapType ( MAP . Map ka a ) where type Key ( MAP .
Map ka a ) = ka type Item ( MAP .
Map ka a ) = a lookup ka ma = MAP.
lookup ka ma instance ( Eq ka ) => MapType [ ( ka , a ) ] where type Key [ ( ka , a ) ] = ka type Item [ ( ka , a ) ] = a lookup ka ma = LIST .
lookup ka ma
This lookup function works on both " Map ka a " and " [ ( ka , a ) ] " types and I no longer need to qualify my lookup function with the module name .
The downside I suppose is that lookup is no longer a function that can be manipulated freely : * Main > let x = lookup * Main > let y = Fx.Data.Map.lookup < interactive >: 1:8 : Ambiguous type variable `ma ' in the constraint : ` Fx.Data.Map .MapType ma ' arising from a use of ` Fx.Data.Map.lookup ' at < interactive >: 1:8- 25
Probable fix : add a type signature that fixes these type variable (s ) A shame that .
I had been hoping it would be possible to have a generic lookup function that could be used in every way the current collection of various lookup functions can be used .
So much nicer if 'y ' above could be bound to the Fx.Data .
Map.lookup with the same type : * Main > :t Fx.Data.Map.lookup Fx.Data.Map.lookup :: forall ma . ( Fx.Data.Map.MapType ma ) => Fx.Data.Map .Key ma -> ma -> Maybe ( Fx.Data.Map.Item ma )
And then have the ambiguity resolve later when 'y ' is actually used .
- John -------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20090121/18720ac2/attachment.htm
EFE Actualizado 06-01-2009 19:45 CET
Naciones Unidas .- La ONU exigió hoy a Israel responsabilidades y el inicio de un investigación independiente sobre el bombardeo en las últimas 24 horas de tres de sus edificios en Gaza que servían de refugio a civiles .
" No voy a especular sobre las razones por las que lo hicieron , estoy simplemente constatando un hecho , por lo que exijo responsabilidades , algo que en este conflicto se ha exigido muy poco a las dos partes " , dijo el director de las operaciones en Gaza de la Agencia de la ONU para los Refugiados de Palestina en Oriente Próximo ( UNRWA ) , John Ging .
Ging aseguró que las instalaciones de Naciones Unidas bombardeadas estaban identificadas con las banderas azules de la organización y se había proporcionado al Ejército israelí sus coordenadas .
" La gente inocente de Gaza quiere y tiene derecho a exigir responsabilidades , para que así se imponga el derecho y no el imperio del fusil " , apuntó Ging en una conferencia de prensa ofrecida vía satélite desde el territorio palestino .
Señaló que el primer ataque se produjo el lunes por la noche contra una escuela situada en Gaza capital que cobijaba a más de cuatro centenares de palestinos desplazados por la invasión israelí .
El impacto de un misil en el patio de ese centro educativo mató a tres jóvenes , indicó Ging .
Los otros dos ataques , ocurridos hoy , fueron contra una clínica en el campo de refugiados de Al Bureij , en la que 10 personas resultaron heridas , y contra la escuela Al Fakhoura , en el campo de refugiados de Yabalia .
Este último incidente se ha saldado con la muerte de al menos 30 personas y ha dejado heridas a otras 50 , la mayoría de las cuales estaban en las afueras del recinto cuando cayeron tres proyectiles de artillería .
Fuentes hospitalarias palestinas en Gaza elevan el número de muertos a unos 40 .
" Se trata de una zona con muchos edificios y es inevitable que se produzcan muertos si se la bombardea " , apuntó Ging .
El responsable de UNRWA señaló que , después de estos tres ataques , " no hay ningún lugar seguro " para la población del territorio palestino .
" Este es el meollo del asunto que afrontan los civiles , qué hacer , dónde refugiarse .
No saben qué hacer y yo tampoco sé qué decirles " , se lamentó .
Ging dijo que la información con la que cuenta no indica que hubiera presencia de milicianos del grupo islamista
Hamás en los alrededores de los tres inmuebles atacados , ni que se estuvieran produciendo combates en la zona .
Sin embargo , testigos del ataque en Yabalia aseguran que se produjo poco después de que milicianos palestinos dispararan desde la misma zona con sus morteros contra las fuerzas israelíes .
Precisamente , las dificultades para establecer las circunstancias en que se produjeron los bombardeos son la principal razón para iniciar una investigación de los hechos , apuntó el responsable de UNRWA .
De todas formas , negó la posibilidad de que los inmuebles de las agencias de Naciones Unidas puedan ser utilizados por combatientes palestinos para refugiarse del fuego israelí .
" Revisamos con mucho cuidado a los que buscan protección en nuestros edificios .
Somos muy conscientes de la necesidad de proteger la integridad de nuestras instalaciones " , precisó .
Ging señaló que las escuelas , clínicas y oficinas de UNRWA en toda Gaza albergan desde hoy a cerca de 14.000 civiles desplazados por los combates .
Top 10 objectively biggest tech stories of 2008
by Megan McCarthy Permalink Tuesday , December 30 , 2008 4:43 PM ETby
Unlike other news sites , our impartial and omniscient news relevance engine enables us to produce a purely objective top story list for the year .
Ok , ok , that 's not strictly true , in fact manual editing was even phased in recently .
But the following choices for the most captivating tech stories of 2008 , derived by sorting through our internal headline ranking data , paint a clear and telling picture of the past year in technology .
1 .
Microsoft : Microsoft Proposes Acquisition of Yahoo ! for $ 31 per Share
The story at the top of the Techmeme 's charts for 2008 was Microsoft 's ultimately futile attempt to purchase Yahoo .
The initial shock of Microsoft's $ 44B offer - not to mention the ungodly hour which the news was released - caused a seismic wave to pierce the heart of Sunnyvale and startle everyone from San Francisco to Seattle .
Two more stories that would have made the top 10 were updates to the " Microhoo " saga , so we 're including them here instead :
The story at the top of the Techmeme 's charts for 2008 was Microsoft 's ultimately futile attempt to purchase Yahoo .
The initial shock of Microsoft's $ 44B offer - not to mention the ungodly hour which the news was released - caused a seismic wave to pierce the heart of Sunnyvale and startle everyone from San Francisco to Seattle .
Wall Street Journal : Yahoo to Reject Microsoft Bid
It took nine days for Yahoo to officially rebuff Microsoft 's initial acquisition overtures , but Yahoo's rejection on February 9th was far from the final word .
The less - than - solid " no " proved to be the early stages of a dithering courtship .
Official Google Blog : Yahoo ! and the future of the Internet Yahoo's first defensive move after Microsoft 's surprise takeover bid was to shore up its resources by partnering with Google for a search advertisement deal .
In the end , Google was game , but the FCC was n't .
2 .
Apple : Apple Announces Its Last Year at Macworld Just a few weeks ago , Apple decided to bow out of an industry conference MacWorld , like many of its peers and colleagues .
The vaunted gathering which launched the iPhone , the Apple TV , and a rainbow 's worth of iPods would be sans official support of the Cupertino fruit company starting in 2010 .
The shocking aspect , buried in Apple 's PR statement : Apple CEO Steve Jobs would pass over the upcoming MacWorld keynote , sending a lowly exec - mortal Phil Schiller - instead .
Just a few weeks ago , Apple decided to bow out of an industry conference MacWorld , like many of its peers and colleagues .
The vaunted gathering which launched the iPhone , the Apple TV , and a rainbow 's worth of iPods would be sans official support of the Cupertino fruit company starting in 2010 .
The shocking aspect , buried in Apple 's PR statement : Apple CEO Steve Jobs would pass over the upcoming MacWorld keynote , sending a lowly exec - mortal Phil Schiller - instead .
3 .
Philipp Lenssen / Google Blogoscoped : Google Chrome , Google 's Browser Project Browser wars are back !
Or so people thought in early September , when Google launched Chrome , its secret project to topple Microsoft 's exploit - addled Internet Explorer .
Huh , here 's a twist : perhaps it 's Firefox , the browser developed by Mozilla , Google 's neighbor and dependant , which is really in Chrome 's sights .
( How do you react when your benefactor switches from patron to competitor ? )
Oh , but nevermind the competition , this thing is slick , lightning - fast , and , brand - new .
Wait , whaddya mean it 's only for Windows ?
Browser wars are back !
Or so people thought in early September , when Google launched Chrome , its secret project to topple Microsoft 's exploit - addled Internet Explorer .
Huh , here 's a twist : perhaps it 's Firefox , the browser developed by Mozilla , Google 's neighbor and dependant , which is really in Chrome 's sights .
( How do you react when your benefactor switches from patron to competitor ? )
Oh , but nevermind the competition , this thing is slick , lightning - fast , and , brand - new .
Wait , whaddya mean it 's only for Windows ?
4 .
Apple Developer Connection : To Our Developers Everyone loves the iPhone .
But better than owning an iPhone is profiting from other people who have them .
In early October , Apple revised its developer terms to rescind a cumbersome non-disclosure agreement , allowing curious coders to share their findings amongst each other .
A win-win for both Apple , who placated its popular App Store suppliers , and developers , who concentrated their brains and created successful masterpieces like iFart .
Everyone loves the iPhone .
But better than owning an iPhone is profiting from other people who have them .
In early October , Apple revised its developer terms to rescind a cumbersome non-disclosure agreement , allowing curious coders to share their findings amongst each other .
A win-win for both Apple , who placated its popular App Store suppliers , and developers , who concentrated their brains and created successful masterpieces like iFart .
5 .
John Markoff / New York Times : Google Is Taking Questions ( Spoken , via iPhone )
With every developer and her sister getting into Apple 's iPhone App Store game , might as well expect tech 's giants to play along , right ?
In mid-November , Google did just that , releasing its Voice Search as an application .
With every developer and her sister getting into Apple 's iPhone App Store game , might as well expect tech 's giants to play along , right ?
In mid-November , Google did just that , releasing its Voice Search as an application .
6 .
Charlie Demerjian / Inquirer : Google to buy Valve Sometimes a rumor just is too good to pass by , or too outrageous not to debunk , and that 's what happened with a mid-October report about Google buying games - maker Valve , creators of Half - Life and Counter - Strike .
It turned out to be false , but not before a lot of questions were raised .
Sometimes a rumor just is too good to pass by , or too outrageous not to debunk , and that 's what happened with a mid-October report about Google buying games - maker Valve , creators of Half - Life and Counter - Strike .
It turned out to be false , but not before a lot of questions were raised .
7 .
Wall Street Journal : Music Industry to Abandon Mass Suits Downloaders rejoice !
The nefarious RIAA decided in the midst of the holiday season to drop its policy of suing the pants off of people for peer - to - peer sharing of songs .
Downloaders rejoice !
The nefarious RIAA decided in the midst of the holiday season to drop its policy of suing the pants off of people for peer - to - peer sharing of songs .
8 .
Michael Arrington / TechCrunch : Google , Microsoft Said To Be Preparing Bids For Digg Social discovery site Digg was Silicon Valley 's most eligible startup of 2008 .
Rumors of an acquisition first surfaced in March and heated up again over the summer , but ultimately fizzled out .
In the fall , Digg raised a $ 28.7M Series C round and kept its independence for at least one more year .
Social discovery site Digg was Silicon Valley 's most eligible startup of 2008 .
Rumors of an acquisition first surfaced in March and heated up again over the summer , but ultimately fizzled out .
In the fall , Digg raised a $ 28.7M Series C round and kept its independence for at least one more year .
9 .
Mike Nash / Windows Vista Team Blog : Introducing Windows 7 Microsoft 's upcoming OS - its apology for the disappointing Vista ? - was officially announced in mid-October .
After lackluster launches from operating systems with cutesy names like Vista and Me , the wise simplicity of Windows 7 being named , well , Windows 7 , was enough to propel this story up the charts .
Microsoft 's upcoming OS - its apology for the disappointing Vista ?
- was officially announced in mid-October .
After lackluster launches from operating systems with cutesy names like Vista and Me , the wise simplicity of Windows 7 being named , well , Windows 7 , was enough to propel this story up the charts .
10 .
Jesusdiaz / Gizmodo : iPhone 3G Launch Date Confirmed
The most anticipated gadget of 2008 was , hands down , the iPhone 3G .
Apple stayed mum on the gadget upgrade , officially announcing the shiny new toy at a WWDC speech in June .
But rumors and eager early adopters clamored for any news they could find .
The most anticipated gadget of 2008 was , hands down , the iPhone 3G .
Apple stayed mum on the gadget upgrade , officially announcing the shiny new toy at a WWDC speech in June .
But rumors and eager early adopters clamored for any news they could find .
Disqus
( CNN ) -- Al Qaeda's No. 2 leader is heard in a Web posting Wednesday warning President - elect Barack Obama that " a heavy legacy of failure and crimes awaits " him .
Al Qaeda leader Ayman al - Zawahiri mocked President - elect Barack Obama in an Internet message .
In the message , purportedly from Ayman al - Zawahiri , the speaker criticized Obama 's foreign policy positions on Afghanistan and Israel and ridiculed the president - elect 's worldview .
The speaker also said Obama was the " direct opposite of honorable black Americans " like Malcolm X , the fiery African - American Muslim activist from the 1950s and 1960s .
The posting , an 11 minute and 23 second audio message in Arabic with subtitles in English , appeared on the Web on Wednesday .
Its authenticity cannot yet be confirmed .
It shows a graphic with the words " The departure of Bush and the arrival of Obama . "
That graphic also contains a still image of Malcolm X on a Muslim prayer rug in a mosque ; images of Obama , wearing a Jewish skullcap , at the Western Wall in Jerusalem ; and a picture of al - Zawahiri .
There are also archival videos in the message , including clips of speeches from Malcolm X .
" You have reached the position of president , and a heavy legacy of failure and crimes awaits you .
A failure in Iraq to which you have admitted and a failure in Afghanistan to which the commanders of your army have admitted , " the message said .
The speaker also said Obama 's plan to pull troops from Iraq and send them to Afghanistan " is a policy which was destined for failure before it was born . "
" If you still want to be stubborn about America 's failure in Afghanistan , then remember the fate of Bush and Pervez Musharraf , and the fate of the Soviets and British before them , " the message said .
" And be aware that the dogs of Afghanistan have found the flesh of your soldiers to be delicious , so send thousands after thousands to them . "
The message said Obama appears " to be captive to the same criminal American mentality towards the world and towards the Muslims . "
The speaker cited Muslims ' ire toward Obama 's support of Israel .
The speaker also said Obama , former and current Secretaries of State Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice , and " your likes " fit Malcolm X's description of " house slaves . "
An English translation of the message used the term " house Negroes , " Malcolm X's term for blacks who were subservient to whites .
Laura Mansfield , a terrorism analyst , said this would n't be the first time al - Zawahiri used the Arabic term " abayd al bayt , " which literally translates as slaves or servants of the house .
She said that in a May 2007 interview with al Qaeda 's media production center , As Sahab , al - Zawahiri included old video footage of Malcolm X saying , " You have to read the history of slavery to understand this .
There were two kinds of Negroes : there was that old house Negro , and [ there was ] the field Negro . "
The message also made reference to Obama 's Muslim father and his Christian religion .
" You were born to a Muslim father , but you chose to stand in the ranks of the enemies of the Muslims , and pray the prayer of the Jews , although you claim to be Christian , in order to climb the rungs of leadership in America .
And so you promised to back Israel , and you threatened to strike the tribal regions in Pakistan , and to send thousands more troops to Afghanistan , in order for the crimes of the American crusade in it to continue , " the message said .
The speaker praised Malcolm X for his " fraternity with the Muslims , " his condemnation of the West 's treatment of oppressed peoples and his backing of resistance movements .
iReport.com : Will Obama react ?
" That 's why it was n't strange that Malik al - Shabazz ( may Allah have mercy on him ) was killed , while you have climbed the rungs of the presidency to take over the leadership of the greatest criminal force in the history of mankind and the leadership of the most violent crusade ever against the Muslims , " the speaker said .
The speaker was referring to Malcolm X's Muslim name and his assassination in 1965 .
The message reiterated the call to fight against Western powers in the Middle East and urged jihadi fighters to be " firm and resolute . "
" Your enemy 's stagger has begun , so do n't stop hitting him , " the speaker said .
The speaker also singled out Islamic militants in Somalia and told them to keep fighting pro-Western forces there .
On the subject of Iraq , the message said that although " evidence of America 's defeat in Iraq appeared years ago , Bush and his administration continued to be stubborn and deny the brilliant midday sun . "
" If Bush has achieved anything , it is in his transfer of America 's disaster and predicament to his successor , " the speaker said .
" But the American people , by electing Obama , declared its anxiety and apprehension about the future towards which the policy of the likes of Bush is leading it , and so it decided to support someone calling for withdrawal from Iraq . "
The speaker reminded Americans that al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden told them to leave Muslim lands .
Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri are believed to be living in the tribal areas of Pakistan .
" So choose for yourself whatever you like , " the speaker warns .
" And bear the consequences of your choice , and as you judge , you will be judged . "
Reacting to the message , the Washington - based Council on American - Islamic Relations released a statement condemning terrorism and the video's " threatening rhetoric and racial slurs . "
The group also said al - Zawahiri " does n't speak for Muslims in this country or worldwide . "
" As Muslims and as Americans , we will never let terrorist groups or terror leaders falsely claim to represent us or our faith , " the council said .
" The legitimate grievances of Muslims in many areas of the world can never serve as an excuse or a justification for attacks on civilian populations .
" We once again repudiate al Qaeda 's actions , rhetoric and worldview and re-state our condemnation of all forms of terrorism and religious extremism . "
All About Barack Obama • Malcolm X • Al Qaeda • Ayman al - Zawahiri
By Stephen Leahy
UXBRIDGE , Canada , Jan 22 ( IPS )
Our trees are dying .
Throughout the western United States , cherished and protected forests are dying twice as fast as they did 20 years ago because of climate change , researchers reported Thursday in the journal Science .
Fire did not kill these trees , nor did some massive insect outbreak .
The trees in this wide - ranging study were “ undisturbed stands of old growth forests ” , said Jerry Franklin , a professor of forest resources at the University of Washington and one of 11 co-authors of the report .
“ The data in this study is from our most stable , resilient stands of trees , ” Franklin told IPS .
What this means is that the United States ’ best forests are getting thinner .
It is like a town where the birth rate is stable but the mortality rate for all ages doubled over the past two decades .
“ If that was happening in your hometown you ’d become very concerned , ” said Nate Stephenson , an ecologist with the U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) .
This dramatic increase of in tree mortality applies to all kinds , sizes , ages and locations of trees .
In the Pacific Northwest and southern British Columbia , the rate of tree death in older coniferous forests doubled in 17 years .
In California , doubling mortality rates took a little longer at 25 years .
For interior states it took 29 years .
Mortality has increased in lock - step with rising temperatures of about 1 degree C in the last 30 years .
Air pollution and ground level ozone were investigated and eliminated as the cause of the increased mortality , Stephenson told IPS .
Warmer temperatures in the west have meant the summer drought period is longer .
The mountain snow pack contains less snow and melts much earlier in the spring .
Warmer temperatures also favour insects like tree - damaging beetles .
The combination of trees suffering moisture stress and a few more insect pests appears to be enough to tip the balance , said Tom Veblen of the University of Colorado at Boulder .
“ We ’re seeing continental - scale evidence of warming , ” Veblen said .
“ It is very likely tree mortality will increase further as temperatures continue to rise . ”
For complete article click : CLIMATE CHANGE : North American Trees Dying Twice as Fast .
I have spent much time experimenting with sourdough to come up with a recipe that I feel can rival the famous San Francisco Sourdough French Bread .
I find that using my bread machine for the kneading process only , saves me a lot of time and saves my wrists .
I also find that working with a sourdough starter can be very time consuming .
Especially if you follow what most sourdough books say and feed them everyday .
That is too much work for me as I already have a cat !
You even need a sourdough sitter when leaving town !
Because I do not use my starter everyday , I store it , covered with plastic wrap , in the refrigerator until ready to use .
When I decide I want to use my starter , I then remove it from the refrigerator and let it come to room temperature ( usually I let it sit overnight on the counter ) .
I then feed it with 1 cup flour and 1 cup warm water .
I let this sit 8 hours or preferably overnight .
It is now ready to use in your sourdough recipes !
Bread Making Hints : Secrets to using the bread machine , About yeast in bread making , and Sourdough Starter – How to make a Sourdough Starter .
More great Bread Recipes , Sourdough Bread Recipes , and Quick Bread Recipes for all your bread making .
Print San Francisco - Style Sourdough Bread Recipe : Prep Time 15 mins Cook Time 20 mins Total Time 35 mins Course : Bread Cuisine : American Keyword : San Francisco - Style Sourdough Bread Recipe Servings : 1 large loaf bread Author : What 's Cooking America Ingredients San Francisco - Style Sourdough Bread : 1 cup sourdough starter , room temperature *
3/4 cup lukewarm water ( 110 degrees F. )
2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
3 cups bread flour or unbleached all - purpose flour **
Cornmeal Cornstarch Glaze : 1/2 cup cold water
1 teaspoon cornstarch Instructions San Francisco - Style Sourdough Bread Instructions :
Add all the ingredients except cornmeal in the bread pan of bread machine .
Process according to manufacturer 's instructions for a dough setting .
Do not be afraid to open the lid and check the dough .
It should form a nice elastic ball .
If you think the dough is too moist , add additional flour ( a tablespoon at a time ) .
The same is true if the dough is looking dry and gnarly .
Add warm water ( a tablespoon at a time ) .
Bread Machine Isntructions :
Add all the ingredients except cornmeal in the bread pan of bread machine .
Process according to manufacturer 's instructions for a dough setting .
Do not be afraid to open the lid and check the dough .
It should form a nice elastic ball .
If you think the dough is too moist , add additional flour ( a tablespoon at a time ) .
The same is true if the dough is looking dry and gnarly .
Add warm water ( a tablespoon at a time ) .
If you can not judge your dough by looking , stick your finger in and feel the dough .
It should be slightly tacky to the touch .
When the bread machine has completed the dough cycle , remove the dough from the pan to a lightly floured surface .
Knead the dough several times and form the dough into an oval ; cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes .
Stand Up Mixer Instructions :
In a large bowl or in the bowl of a 5 - quart stand mixer , add all the ingredients except the cornmeal .
Using a dough hook , mix all the ingredients together into a uniform dough .
It should form a nice elastic ball .
If you think the dough is too moist , add additional flour ( a tablespoon at a time ) .
The same is true if the dough is looking dry and gnarly .
Add warm water ( a tablespoon at a time ) .
Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until elastic , about 15 minutes .
In an electric mixer , it should take about 9 minutes .
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes .
After resting , knead dough ( see kneading tips below ) on a lightly - floured board by pulling the dough towards you and then pushing down and forward with the palms of your hands ( kneading gives the bread the elasticity and lets it rise ) .
Kneading Dough Hints and Tips : Lightly dust your work surface with all - purpose flour or bread flour .
Place a small mound or a measuring cup of flour near the work surface as you will use this flour to sprinkle over the dough as you knead to prevent sticking .
Also lightly dust your hands with flour to keep the dough from sticking to you .
Gather the dough into a rough ball and place on your floured work surface .
When you knead , you will use only the heels of your hands .
Push down on dough with your hand heels .
Fold the dough in half .
Turn the dough about 45 degrees and knead with your hand heels again .
Continue to knead , fold and turn the dough for the required length of time or to the consistency suggested .
I usually knead the dough around 5 minutes .
Well - kneaded dough should feel smooth and elastic .
Press your fingertip into the dough ; it should spring back .
Place the dough in a lightly - oiled large bowl .
Place a damp towel over the bowl and then cover with plastic wrap ( the humidity in the bowl helps in the rising process ) .
Let rise until it doubles in volume ( when you can put your finger in the dough and it leaves and indentation and does n't spring back out ) approximately 4 to 8 hours ( depending on the temperature and the starter used , the rising time can vary as much as 2 hours ) .
Oven Bread Rising : Sometimes I use my oven for the rising .
Turn the oven on for a minute or so , then turn it off again .
This will warm the oven and make it a great environment for rising bread .
If you can not comfortably press your hand against the inside of the oven door , the oven is too hot .
Let it stand open to cool a bit .
Sourdough rises more slowly than yeast bread .
Always remember , the longer the rise time , the more sourdough flavor .
Cool or Refrigerator Bread Rise :
If I do not have the time to wait for the rise to finish or I know that I will be interrupted before the completed rise , I do a cool rise .
A cool rise is when the dough is place in the refrigerator and left to rise slowly over night approximately 8 to 12 hours .
I usually do this after the first rise and the dough has been shaped into a loaf .
As this is a longer rise time , it improves the sourdough flavor in your finished bread .
After dough has risen , remove from bowl , and place on a lightly - floured board .
Knead in flour to feed it one more time before baking .
Shape dough into a loaf shape and place on a cookie sheet that is dusted with cornmeal or use the Silicone Baking Mats .
I personally recommend that you use the Silicone Baking Mats as nothing sticks to them .
Cover with plastic wrap and place in a warm spot to rise until doubled in size , approximately 1 to 3 hours .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . After rising , slash the bread with a bread razor ( lame ) or a very sharp knife making three 1/2 - inch deep diagonal slashes .
Brush or spray the top of the bread with cold water and bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until nicely browned .
A good check is to use an instant digital thermometer to test your bread .
The internal temperature should be between 200 and 210 degrees F .
When the bread is cooked , remove from oven and place the bread on a wire cooling rack to cool .
Let baked loaf cool for 30 minutes before cutting ( this is because the bread is still cooking while it is cooling ) .
Makes 1 large loaf .
Cornstarch Glaze Instructions :
This is a typical mixture that professional bakers use to get that characteristic sheen on breads .
I keep this mixture in my refrigerator to use on all the breads I bake .
In a small saucepan , with a small whisk , stir together water and cornstarch .
Heat mixture to a gentle boil .
Stir , reduce heat , until mixture thickens and is translucent .
Let cool .
Brush on loaf about 10 minutes before baking is finished and again 3 minutes before bread is completely done .
Recipe Notes *
If you do not presently have a sourdough starter , either make your own sourdough starter or purchase Packaged Sourdough Starter Mix by mail - order .
This is the easiest way to get on starter .
**
The thickness of your sourdough starter can determine how much flour needs to be used .
If you think the dough is too moist , add additional flour ( a tablespoon at a time ) .
The same is true if the dough is looking dry and gnarly .
Add warm water ( a tablespoon at a time ) .
I get many readers asking what cooking / meat thermometer that I prefer and use in my cooking and baking .
I , personally , use the Thermapen Thermometer .
Originally designed for professional use , the Super - Fast Thermapen Thermometer is used by chefs all over the world .
I only endorse a few products , on my web site , that I like and use regularly .
You can learn more or buy yours at : Super - Fast Thermapen Thermometer .
Sponsored Content
Did you know that the name sourdough comes from San Francisco and their famous sourdough breads ?
It is thought that French bakers brought sourdough techniques to Northern California during the California Gold Rush in the late 1800s .
If you do n’t want to make your own sourdough starter , you can buy a San Francisco sourdough starter from Amazon .
sponsored content
Comments from readers : I just wanted to share photos of my bread I made using your sourdough recipe as my guide .
I had starter that I was wanting to try out and came across your site .
My goal was a take on cinnamon raisin bread , but I was wanting to use dried cherries , blueberries , and cranberries instead .
After the first rise , I kneaded in the re-hydrated fruit and cinnamon / sugar and formed the loaf .
I then let it rise in fridge overnight .
Baked it this morning ….oh so good !
Thanks for the detailed instructions for the bread .
Now I am going to make rolls for Thanksgiving using your recipe again .
Best regards – Jennifer Trent ( 11/24/14 )
By Simon Worrall
BBC News , Philadelphia
Mr Wittman recovered Rembrandt 's stolen self - portrait in Copenhagen
There are about 100 of us packed into a restaurant in Upper Holmesburg , Philadelphia - art experts and curators , museum security chiefs , and a phalanx of FBI agents with 9 mm Glocks concealed under their G - man suits .
We have gathered to say farewell to a man few people have heard of and even fewer could recognise or describe .
That is the way Special Agent Robert " Bob " Wittman prefers it .
For nearly two decades , usually masquerading as a crooked art dealer with links to the Mafia or the Colombian drug cartels , he has run undercover sting operations , luring criminals into selling him stolen works of art .
Protecting his identity means the difference between life and death .
In one operation he found himself in a hotel bathroom in Copenhagen hugging a Rembrandt to his chest as a Danish Swat ( Special Weapons and Tactics ) team burst into the room to arrest an Iraqi - born hoodlum named Baha Kadhoum , who was trying to sell him Rembrandt 's self - portrait from 1630 .
Every country has a different cultural heritage and saving these things brings us closer together as human beings
Bob Wittman Painted on copper , the size of a paperback book , and worth tens of millions of pounds , it had been stolen from The National Museum of Sweden in one of the most daring art heists of modern times .
Housed in a Renaissance palazzo at the end of a peninsula , the Museum is surrounded on all sides by water .
And as families strolled through Stockholm 's Christmas markets and skated on frozen lakes , Kadhoum and his gang set fire to a vehicle blocking the only access road .
Wearing ski masks and brandishing guns , they then stormed the building , cut the Rembrandt self - portrait and two Renoirs from the walls , and escaped by speedboat .
Lone operator
Art crime is big business .
Estimated to be worth between $ 1.5 - $ 6bn ( £ 1- £ 4 bn ) annually , it is now the fourth largest international crime , after drug dealing , gun running and money laundering .
Kadhoum and his gang spread nails in front of the museum before they fled
It is a fully globalised industry .
Paintings stolen in Europe turn up in Japan or America .
They are easy to transport and hard to identify .
If challenged by a customs officer , a thief can always say he bought it at a flea market for his wife .
And as yet no beagle has been trained to sniff out Old Masters .
Bob Wittman has been on the frontlines of the war against art crime since 1989 .
In a distinguished career he has recovered stolen art worth millions , in more than a dozen countries .
Paintings by Rembrandt , Goya , Brughel and Rothko , Geronimo 's eagle - feathered war bonnet and a piece of solid gold Inca armour are just a few of his trophies .
One of his last assignments was to investigate links between the sale of looted art from Iraq and Afghanistan and Islamic terrorism .
For most of his career , he was a lone operator .
Today , the FBI 's Art Crime Team has 12 agents spread across the United States .
Scotland Yard has four detectives - France has 30 .
Not surprisingly , in view of its vast cultural patrimony , Italy boasts the world 's biggest team - 300 art - hunting Carabinieri , including agents who use helicopters to patrol the country 's myriad archaeological sites .
' Regular Joe '
Like a spy , Mr Wittman 's job is all about befriending and betraying .
Fox - like cunning , nerves of steel , a silver tongue and the ability to convincingly pretend to be someone else are essential .
So , too , is having a face that is easy to forget .
No scars , no cauliflower ears , average height , average build .
In September Italian police recovered a Renoir painting stolen in 1975 What the Americans call " a regular Joe " .
Put him in a crowded room and he would blend into the background , like a camouflaged moth on a piece of tree bark .
Now , at the age of 53 , the king of heists is hanging up his silver badge and gun to write a book and spend more time with his wife and three children .
Even in retirement , he will not allow his face to be photographed .
He is forging a new career as a private art - security consultant and may still need to go undercover .
Besides , there are too many criminals who would love to know the true identity of the smooth - talking FBI agent who put them behind bars .
" It 's about saving the cultural property of mankind , " Mr Wittman tells me , when I ask him why he chose such a dangerous job .
" Every country has a different cultural heritage and saving these things brings us closer together as human beings .
When it comes to art , it 's visceral .
It affects us in a deep , emotional way . "
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday , 13 December , 2008 at 1130 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We 've followed the Mega - D botnet throughout 2008 , from its amazing growth early in the year to its sudden deflation once its control servers were taken offline .
Mega - D never completely lost its potency , however , and has continued to eject spam into the Internet 's tubes for the past year .
Mega - D should 've been spent by now , but the recent disruptions to McColo and Atrivo earlier in the fall may have led spammers to revive other , secondary botnets and possibly to combine forces .
Phil Hay , lead threat analyst for Marshal8e6 has stated : " Spam from Mega - D has been ramping up over the last few days and reached up to 48 percent of all the spam we captured in our honeypot spam traps . "
As for Rustock and Srizbi , both remain offline ; Srizbi has yet to resurface following its abortive attempt to return to life last week .
" The Mega - D bots appear to have been upgraded and altered quite substantially by the people behind it , " Hay continued .
" It now uses templates we have seen before with Rustock .
" This could mean that the Mega - D spammers have looked at and copied from their rivals .
Or , it could indicate that the individuals behind both botnets are working in collusion or are one in the same . "
There seems to be a dispute , or at the very least , a different measurement , of how large Mega - D actually is .
Hay states that Mega - D traffic is up substantially , but MessageLab 's graph on botnet size , issued in their 2008 annual report , seems to point in a different direction .
MessageLab 's chart does n't cover anything past October 19 , so it 's possible that Mega - D has grown and evolved much more quickly than we 'd normally expect .
The good news , if you want to call it that , is that spam levels have yet to return to their pre-McColo takedown level .
MessageLab 's yearly report states that spam accounted for a total of 81.2 percent of all email for the year 2008 , down from a high in February of 82.7 percent , and down 3.4 percent from 2007 's 84.6 percent .
The long - term forecast for spam levels remains unchanged , but further ISP takedowns could change the expected scenarios if enough of them can be properly coordinated .
The fact that spam levels remain depressed nearly three months after Atrivo and a month after McColo is proof that these sorts of efforts can have a lasting short - term effect , as opposed to causing a mere blip in spam volume .
I expect we 'll see more takedown initiatives in 2009 — success tends to breed success , and spammers are going to have an increasingly harder time finding safe haven .
The takedown trends of 2008 could be the beginning of a genuine white hat offensive against the deluge .
A Post By : Darren Rowse
Some are very basic while others go a little deeper – but all have been selected from our archives specifically for beginners and new camera owners .
Enjoy .
Introductions to Useful Modes and Settings on Your Digital Camera
1. Digital Camera Modes Explained – I spoke with a family friend recently who had just bought a new point and shoot camera .
She came up to me with her camera when no one was watching and embarrassedly asked me if I could tell her what all the little icons on the dial on top of her camera meant .
This article explains what each of these most common digital camera modes means and does .
Knowing them can take your shots to the next level .
2. Aperture and Shutter Priority Mode – this introduction talks you through these two very useful settings that can be found on many digital cameras .
Aperture and Shutter Priority modes take you out of Automatic mode giving you more control over your images – but do n’t thrust you fully into manual mode – they are great settings to explore and master .
3. Introduction to White Balance – one of the most common problems that I see in beginner photographer images are shots with incorrect color .
We ’ve all seen them – portraits where your subjects teeth and eyeballs ( and everything else ) has a yellowish tinge .
Learn what causes this and how to combat it with this tutorial on White Balance .
4. Understanding Histograms – ‘ histograms are scary ’ – this is what one reader said to me recently when they discovered that they could view these little graphs or charts on their camera .
While they might seem a little technical it is amazing how simple a histogram is to interpret .
Know what you ’re looking for and with just a glance you ’ll know if your image is under or over exposed .
It ’s a useful tool to master .
5. Automatic Exposure Bracketing ( AEB ) – this feature is another of those often unexplored settings that many cameras have built into them that will allow you to get well exposed shots in even the trickiest of lighting situations .
Other Basic Camera Techniques
6 . How to Hold a Digital Camera – this beginner tutorial covers a topic that most camera owners skip over without realizing that it is a foundational lesson in photography .
Get this wrong and it can impact the quality of your shots .
7. Shutter Release Technique – another ‘ basic ’ or ‘ beginner ’ type tip that many do intuitively – but which can drastically improve your photography if you do n’t do it .
8 . How to Use Focal Lock – yet another beginner technique that many of us take for granted yet which is at the core of how all digital cameras focus automatically .
Get this wrong and you ’ll take a lot of shots of out of focus subjects and in focus backgrounds !
9 . How to Take Sharp Digital Images – ‘ my shots are fuzzy ’ – it ’s a common problem that we ’re asked about at DPS so we wrote this tutorial to refer people to to help them get the sharpest images that their camera can take .
10 .
Shooting with an In Camera Flash – flash photography with an in built flash can lead to some terribly blown out images – here are a few tips on how to avoid them .
On a similar topic – here ’s 7 Strategies for Avoiding Flash Blow Out .
11 . How to Get Shallow Depth of Field in Your Digital Photos – a great technique to learn if you ’re into many types of photography ( portraits , macro etc ) is how to control the depth of field in your shots and make your main subject ‘ pop ’ out by making your background nicely blurred – this tutorial talks you through how to do it .
12 . Understanding Exposure – this post talks new camera owners through the three main elements of Exposure .
Once you ’ve read it also check out our introductions to ISO , Aperture and Shutter Speed .
Camera Care and Maintenance
13 . How to Avoid a Dirty DSLR Sensor – one of the fastest ways to ruin every single shot you take with your new DSLR is to end up with a dirty image sensor .
This tutorial gives some basic tips on how to ensure it stays as clean as possible .
14 . How to Clean a DSLR Lens – as much as you try to protect them – lenses tend to get a little grimy over time .
This tutorial shares some basic tips on how to clean them up so that your shots will be as clear as possible .
15 . 7 Digital Camera Predators and How to Keep them at Bay – this tutorial talks you through 7 of the most common ways that digital cameras get damaged – what to look out for and what preventative action to take to avoid them .
Composition Tips
16 . The Rule of Thirds – whether you know it to follow it or break it – it ’s something you should at least know about .
17 . Points of Interest – an image without some visual point of interest in it is unlikely to hold the eye of anyone viewing it .
18 . Getting Horizons Horizontal – the perfect way to ruin that lovely sunset or landscape shot is to make it lean to one side .
Get your Horizon Horizontal !
19 . Fill Your Frame – this is not applicable to every shot you take but many photographers could drastically improve their photography by getting in close to their subject and filling their frame .
20 . Getting Backgrounds
Right – the background of your shot can make or break your image .
This tutorial talks you through a number of things to look out for and techniques to use to get them just right .
21 . Adding Randomness to Your Photos – learn how to set your images apart from everyone else ’s by injecting creativity , variety and a little randomness into your shots .
Of course the above 21 Settings , Techniques and Rules for beginner camera owners just scratch the surface of all there is to learn about the art of photography .
Subscribe to our blog here ( via email or RSS ) to get more free daily tips to help you keep improving and learning .
Our Guide to Getting Creative Control Of Your Camera
If you ’re looking for a complete guide to getting control of your camera then you might like to check out our course – Photo Nuts and Bolts which walks you through everything you need to know to start taking beautiful photos .
Here ’s the intro .
Join this great new dPS course here .
You or someone you know has probably had an internal malady examined with a magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) machine .
Lying in the claustrophobic confines of the room - size magnetic doughnuts that make MRI possible can be stressful , but the diagnostic value of the resulting high - contrast pictures of the various soft tissues inside the body makes up for any angst .
A more generalized version of the technique , nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) , also offers enormous benefits , enabling scientists to characterize the chemical compositions of materials as well as the structures of proteins and other important biomolecules without having to penetrate the objects under study physically .
In final Iraq visit , Bush ducks a pair of shoes Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday December 14 , 2008
Print This Email This
In his surprise final visit to Iraq this weekend , President Bush got unusual reminders of his lack of popularity in some quarters .
They were about a size 10 .
An Iraqi journalist throw his shoes at Bush during a meeting with Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki in Baghdad .
Bush ducked both throws and neither leader was hit .
Yelling " This is the end ! " and calling Bush a " dog " in Arabic , the man was later identified as Muntadar al - Zeidi , a correspondent for Al - Baghdadia television , an Iraqi - owned station based in Cairo , Egypt .
Bush smiled uncomfortably and Maliki looked strained .
" It does n't bother me , " Bush said , trying to calm down flustered reporters that quickly apologized for the actions of their colleague .
" I did n't feel the least threatened by it . "
" So what if the guy threw his shoe at me ? " Bush told a reporter on Sunday .
" Let me talk about the guy throwing his shoe .
It 's one way to gain attention .
It 's like going to a political rally and having people yell at you .
It 's like driving down the street and having people not gesturing with all five fingers ... These journalists here were very apologetic .
They ... said this does n't represent the Iraqi people , but that 's what happens in free societies where people try to draw attention to themselves . "
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino suffered a black eye from a microphone that hit her in the ensuing chaos .
The shoe - thrower was wrestled to the ground and taken away .
In Arab culture , throwing shoes is a grave show of disrespect .
According to colleagues , al - Zaidi had survived a kidnapping by Shiite militiamen last year .
After U.S. troops pulled down a statue of former dictator Saddam Hussein in 2003 , Iraqi bystanders tossed shoes at it , according to news reports at the time .
During his visit to Iraq , Bush called the Iraq war hard but necessary for the protection of the United States and the freedom of the Iraqi people , adding that the two nations are on " solid footing . "
" The war is not over , " he said .
This video is from MSNBC , broadcast Dec. 14 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Before we had a preschool / playgroup in our community , we used to take turns gathering in each other ’s homes for “ mommy / daddy and me ” socialization gatherings .
On one occasion , a mother brought a bag full of toy soldiers to the play date at my house .
I was extremely uncomfortable as the shooting and killing of these little plastic guys ensued .
As a child , I never played with toy soldiers or guns , as typically these toys are reserved for boys .
As a parent , I have consciously chosen to avoid such toys for my son , as I believe “ peace begins in the home ” .
Why would I want to promote violence in my child ’s play time ?
[ social_buttons ]
Luckily , my children are not growing up with real life violence surrounding them like the children of Iraq .
It is natural for such violence to enter into children ’s dramatic play ; however , children in Iraq are often mistakenly assassinated for their toy guns .
That ’s why the organization La’Onf ( the Arabic translation for the word nonviolence ) has worked to get war toys banned in the Muthanna province .
Peaceful Tomorrows , an organization founded by family members of September 11th victims , explains :
One example of La’Onf efforts to apply nonviolent principles in practical ways in the interests of children is the campaign against war toys .
In too many instances soldiers shot and killed children who were carrying toy guns that looked like real guns .
The campaign began with programs in which children could trade in their toy guns for soccer balls .
It then expanded into lobbying efforts .
La’Onf ’s campaign has now resulted in legislation banning the sale of war toys in the province of Muthanna .
La’Onf activists hope to see national legislation passed in the near future .
Many Americans would view such a ban on war toys as a loss of freedom or an interference of parental responsibilities .
GI Joe has been a household name since 1964 in the US .
Does playing with GI Joe promote violence in children and adults ?
Psychologists warn violent video games affect children ’s aggressive behavior “ because ( 1 ) the games are highly engaging and interactive , ( 2 ) the games reward violent behavior , and because ( 3 ) children repeat these behaviors over and over as they play ” .
Would n’t the same be true for dramatic play with toy soldiers and guns ?
Image : monohex on Flickr under a Creative Commons License
Washington — Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert did n’t do anything wrong — but he should have kept his mouth shut .
That was the reaction of several Jewish leaders to Olmert ’s public boast January 11 .
He said he left Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice “ shamed ” by getting President Bush to block her at the last moment from voting for a Gaza cease - fire resolution that she herself had hammered out over several days with Arab and European diplomats at the United Nations .
Olmert bragged of having pulled Bush off a stage during a speech when he called on the phone and demanded the president ’s intervention .
Administration officials , however , have sharply challenged Olmert ’s account .
“ I have no problem with what Olmert did , ” said Abraham Foxman , national director of the Anti-Defamation League .
“ I think the mistake was to talk about it in public .
“ This is what friendships are about .
He was not interfering in political issues .
You have a relationship , and if you do n’t like what is being done , then you go to the boss and tell him . ”
Douglas Bloomfield , a former chief lobbyist for the Washington - based pro-Israel lobby the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , dismissed the episode as “ a spitting match between two lame ducks . ”
“ This reinforces the perception that the Israeli prime minister and Israeli leaders have easy access to the leaders of the U.S. , ” Bloomfield said .
“ It is a fact that the Israeli prime minister can get the president on the phone .
Not every prime minister in the world can do that .
It is no secret that Israel tried to influence the U.S. regarding U.N. votes .
It reinforces what the rivals of Israel say about the enormous clout Israel has in Washington , and I see nothing wrong with that . ”
But Bloomfield added , “ It is a mistake to talk about it . ”
Rice , according to press reports , worked hard with Arab and European diplomats to come up with a Security Council resolution calling for a cease - fire in Gaza that all could support .
She finally gave her approval to a draft calling for an “ immediate , durable and fully respected cease - fire , leading to the full withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza . ”
But the January 8 vote was delayed just before it was to take place , as Rice was called away to the phone .
When she returned , she abstained on behalf of the United States — contrary , other diplomats said , to her earlier commitment .
The measure , Resolution 1860 , was adopted 14 - 0 , with only America in abstention .
In public remarks afterward , Rice stressed that her government nevertheless strongly supported the resolution .
“ We decided that this resolution , the text of which we support , the goals of which we support and the objectives that we fully support , should indeed be allowed to go forward .
I believe in doing so , the council has provided a roadmap for a sustainable , durable peace in Gaza , ” Rice said after the January 8 vote , explaining America ’s decision to abstain .
Olmert ’s call to Bush aside , there were hints of internal wrangling within America ’s administration over the resolution .
In a January 11 CNN interview , Vice President Dick Cheney voiced disbelief in the U.N. ’s ability to end the fighting in Gaza .
“ I think we ’ve learned , from watching over the years , that there ’s a big difference between what happens at the United Nations in their debates and the facts on the ground in major crises around the world , ” Cheney said .
Israel and Jewish groups , including Aipac , the ADL and the American Jewish Committee , opposed the draft ’s language , which they saw as one - sided .
They also felt that the draft stood in contrast to Israel ’s demand not to give it equal standing with Hamas in the resolution .
During a January 5 conference call with Jewish activists , Malcolm Hoenlein , executive vice chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations , gave special priority to blocking the international body from taking a stand on the Gaza issue .
“ We need to work hard to ensure the Security Council does n’t pass a resolution , ” Hoenlein said .
It was in Ashkelon , in southern Israel , that Olmert gave a speech in which he said that on hearing of the draft that Rice had developed with her U.N. colleagues , he immediately called Bush , just minutes before the U.N. vote .
He was told that Bush was giving a speech in Philadelphia and could not talk .
“ I said , I do n’t care ; I have to talk to him , ” Olmert told the crowd , which included reporters and TV cameras .
Bush , according to Olmert , was called off the podium and immediately agreed to look into the issue .
“ He gave an order to the secretary of state , and she did not vote in favor of it — a resolution she cooked up , phrased , organized and maneuvered for .
She was left pretty shamed , and abstained on a resolution she arranged , ” Olmert told the crowd .
A furious White House and State Department condemned Olmert ’s account as inaccurate , and the State Department called it “ totally , completely untrue . ”
Rice termed it “ a fiction . ”
In a January 13 press briefing , spokesman Sean McCormack said Rice had decided a day before the vote that she would not veto the resolution .
McCormack also stated that Rice made the choice to abstain after she consulted with National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley and with Bush .
The decision by Rice not to outright veto the January 8 Security Council resolution , as the United States has the power to do under Security Council rules , triggered angry and unusual criticism from Jewish groups that have praised Bush during most of his eight - year White House tenure .
Aipac issued a statement January 6 condemning the U.N. resolution and criticizing the Bush administration for not using its veto power and instead “ succumbing to pressure exerted by Arab states . ”
The ADL expressed disappointment with the administration in a written statement : “ We expected the Administration to abide by its longstanding commitment to fighting global terrorism and the scourge of anti-Semitism , and Israel ’s role on the front lines of that fight . ”
The tough words from Israel and Jewish groups toward the outgoing administration will make little difference for Bush and Rice , who leave office January 20 .
But they will serve as a message to the incoming administration led by President - elect Barack Obama and his choice for secretary of state , Hillary Rodham Clinton .
“ This is a battle that needed to be taken , ” Foxman said .
“ We do n’t win all our battles , but we ca n’t simply accept that the Security Council is what the Security Council is . ”
The culture of corruption in Illinois is so rampant that the indictment today of Gov Blagojevich is just the tip of the iceberg !!!
Please do not be fooled by the media coverage of this event !
It is important for you to understand the culture in which Obama was weened and schooled ; the big money , wheeling dealing , hard knock school of Illinois politics !
Gov. Blagojevich is just particularly open and crass in his selling of favors and gov .
jobs for campaign donations but it is and has been going on at all levels of our government ; city , county and state , here in Illinois since Abe Lincoln walked the land !
Why is Illinois so dang corrupt ?
There are several reasons , one is that there has been a dynastic maintenance of power and control in the political institutions for decades which has not allowed for reform at any level ; the Daleys and Madigans out there , very similar to the situation in Alaska .
But also our campaign finance laws in Illinois are so lax , weak and unregulated that pretty much anything from anybody can be called a campaign donation .
There are absolutely NO limits .
The corrupt politicians refuse to actually do anything about this except for the most superficial slaps on the wrists .
Geez , we are going on our 3rd Governor to be shipped off to the Governor 's wing of the penitentiary , you would think that they would be seriously talking about reform in this state , but nah !
That is why Blagojevich was so bold , because literally everyone is doing it , all over Illinois .
The Feds have been investigating Blagojevich since 2003 , for 5 years , what the heck were they waiting for ?
Has anyone asked themselves that question ?
Well you can bet your booty that Obama had something to do with this indictment , at this time !
It is just too coincidental and I do n't believe in coincidences !
Please do not be fooled and stop drinking the Obama Koolaid !
He has been friends for a long time with all the same politicians and campaign fund raisers who are being indicted right now and have been indicted recently ; Tony Rezko and Blagojevich are just two of the most egregious , they are all on the take and they have all been influential with Obama !
So what is the answer , Publicly Financed Elections at every level of government !
We can pay for the campaigns at the front end and get politicians who are not beholden to anyone or any corporation in public office or we can pay even more for the corruption on the back end !
You decide !
Please educate yourselves at www.publiccampaign.org.
We have a cancer of corruption throughout our government , the cure is Publicly Financed Elections , please jump in and help move this issue in your state , your city and at the Federal level !
Thank You , Dr. Lora Chamberlain
Image by Pulpolux !!!
via Flickr
The most common argument I hear when arguing for the exploitation theory with Anarcho - Capitalists is the concept of Risk which supports the idea that the Capitalist deserves a share of the profits , even though he is not putting any labour in , himself .
The argument usually goes somehow like this .
Me : ‘ The Worker is being exploited because he ’s not receiving the full results of his labour ’
AnCap : ‘ The Capitalist deserves part of the profit because he took the risk with his capital to start the company .
If the company fails , the Capitalist has lost his money .
If the company does well , he deserves to be rewarded for taking such a risk ’
As I have to deal with this a lot , I think it might be worth writing my objections to the concept and how it does not counter the exploitation theory .
Risk does not exist once the Return of Investment has been made
We start on the situation where the Capitalist has wealth but not yet bought any means of production .
He decides on a venture that he assumes will be able to make a profit and builds a factory to produce the product .
At this point , we assume that his risk is that he might have judged wrongly and there might actually not be any margin for profit so he will end up not making up his investment on the factory .
Lets assume however that he was right and the new company does make a profit .
This profit of course comes from taking part of the surplus value created by the workers and our Capitalist would claim that this is warranted since he deserves to make back his investment .
But the Capitalist will not stop there .
When ROI has been made , and all his investment has been returned to him in the form of profit over time , the capitalist will continue to exploit the workers in order to continue making more money , over his initial investment .
At this point , this exploitation cannot be claimed to be justified because of the risk , as there is no more “ risk ” to speak of .
Even if the company were to go under , the Capitalist will leave with as much wealth as he came in .
You may claim that the Capitalist is worse off because he has not grown any richer from this venture and because present wealth is of more value than future wealth , then he has come out at a loss .
Fine , I say , how much money does the capitalist deserves before the factory passes over to the workers ?
Two times his investment ?
Five ?
Ten ?
Of course for the Capitalist , the answer is that it is never enough .
Any wealth the company makes is deserved because of the initial “ risk ” .
But any worker can see how absurd this is .
The profit the capitalist has taken over the years from all the workers of the factory has paid the initial investment many times over , but the worker still does not own anything .
Even though the workers have done all the work to make this company productive , they do not deserve to own it at any point simply because the capitalist was the one who had the money at the start .
The worker is taking a risk as well
Apologists of risk like to point out that the worker is not taking any risk at all , and this is why his wage is reduced .
If the company fails , only the capitalist has lost any money ( which as I pointed out above , will not be true after a while ) while the worker can simply go out and find another job , keeping all the money he made from wages .
But how true is that ?
Does the worker really not take any risk ?
Of course he does .
First of all , the worker is usually paid at the end of the month for the work he put during .
If a company is facing financial troubles then it ’s quite probable that wages might be pushed back one or more months during which the workers must use their savings to survive .
They will be pressured to do this “ for the good of the company ” .
If the company ends up failing after all , the workers have now lost their wage (s ) .
That is a risk .
The AnCap will claim that this is illegal and so on but the worker will not get paid either if the capitalist goes to jail .
This very real and practical risk of the worker is never rewarded like the risk the Capitalist takes .
But that ’s not the only loss the worker has .
He might have moved areas simply because he wanted to get this job .
He might have left a more secure job in favour of the new one which failed , and any number of other risk factors .
None of these are worth reward by AnCap thiking however , as the only thing that counts is the chance of the capitalist losing his investment .
The reward is big , the risk is low .
The AnCap will claim that the Capitalist deserves huge rewards simply because he ’s the one taking the huge risks .
But if these risks are so large why does n’t the capitalist share them in order to avoid stressing himself ?
Why does he not allow the workers to share the risk ( which they already do anyway ) .
The answer of course is because the rewards are much much higher than the risk which is generally low .
We ’re not talking about gambling here where you have , say , 1 in 36 chances to make 36 times your money .
We ’re talking about a situation where “ market research ” allows you to foresee where the ball will go to ( and you have something like 1 in 10 chance to judge that incorrectly ) and where the reward has no upper limit .
It is no wonder then that the Capitalist takes “ risks ” and does n’t want to share those “ risks ” with anyone .
If I am in a casino and I have 1 in 10 chance to not make 10 times my bet , then we ’re not talking about risk anymore , especially not when I can simply put 10 different bets and assure that whatever happens , I ’ll get out much 90 times wealthier .
Of course , the real risk in this situation does not fall on the capitalist , it falls on the system as a whole .
Because when such a chance opens , every capitalist jumps onto the table and bets .
And since only 1 in 10 can ever lose money , the casino soon runs out of money and goes bust .
Replace “ casino ” with economy and you basically have the reality of a capitalist crisis .
“ If the risk was low , then the workers would take it themselves . ”
The AnCap of course will counter my above point as such : ‘ Well , if the risk is so low , why do n’t you take it yourself then ?
The fact that the workers do n’t band together to pool the resources and take the risk is proof that they do not want it and that it ’s not as low as you claim . ’
The reason why workers do not take the risk themselves is that the capital that is required to have such a low risk is far beyond their capabilities to save .
The known low risk investments have already been claimed and the Capitalist who owns them will request far more than the workers can ever accumulate through labour .
The not so well known investments require money to simply discover them .
Without this market research , your chances in the capitalist roulette are not 10 in 1 anymore but 1 in 10 , and unlike the capitalist , you only ever have one chance to bet .
The only chance the worker or a cooperative then is left with , is to stumble upon an opportunity which has not been tapped already and thus the cost to enter it is low enough .
This is how almost all recent self - made capitalists achieved it , from Bill Gates , to Steve Jobs to Larry Page .
But this is about as practical for the majority of workers as is playing the lottery .
To get back to our casino example .
Imagine a casino where the minimum chip costs as much as a well - off worker can make in a lifetime .
Not only that , but if you have enough money , you may be able to bribe the croupier to tell you where the ball will land .
When you win , you get paid with the money of people who are not playing .
A well - off worker would be hard pressed to simply afford the minimum bet and even then he will still not have enough to bribe the croupier .
Epilogue
I hope I have provided you some arguments on why the candy of “ risk ” that the Capitalist will use at every opportunity is flawed .
For me , this does not even begin to defeat the theory of exploitation as the the risks of capitalism are negatively proportional to the Capital one has .
I will leave you finally , with one quote from the Barefoot Bum who helped me round out this piece
If risk is all - important , why ca n’t the people get together and spread out the risk , instead of concentrating the risk in some capitalists , and allowing them to have tremendous power as a reward for taking risks ?
That ’s basically what socialism does :
Take all of these differentials — risk , surplus value , political power , etc. — and spread them out to all the people , instead of concentrating them .
If it was a good thing to take political power concentrated in the king or the oligarchy and spread it out among the people in a democracy , why should n’t it be a good thing to take economic power concentrated in the capitalist oligarchy and spread it out to the people ?
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
It has been a terrible few weeks for those who use Britain 's railways .
Shutdowns on Boxing Day infuriated many passengers , then prices rose ahead of inflation and last week the new £ 9bn West Coast main line between London and Glasgow was struck by a series of power failures .
This is hardly encouraging , especially when trains are the most environmentally sound method of travelling around Britain .
The West Coast line , unveiled in its upgraded state less than a month ago , is supposed to allow an extra 1,000 trains to run a week at a new top speed of 125 m ph .
Instead of experiencing such luxury , thousands of cold and stranded commuters went nowhere .
Network Rail , in charge of the track , blames faulty overhead power lines .
But Virgin Trains , which operates the London to Glasgow route , argues the underlying cause could be simpler to identify : Britain 's aging rail network cannot cope with the demands being placed upon it .
Virgin has a point .
Last year , there were more than 1.2 billion journeys on the railways , almost double that of 1992 , two years before the privatisation of British Rail began .
In the next five years passenger numbers countrywide are expected to increase by another fifth .
All this takes place on a limited network .
In the 1960s , after the controversial Beeching report , a quarter of Britain 's railways were torn up .
With 25 % less track and such burgeoning passenger numbers , it 's no surprise the system is beginning to fail .
The operating companies say that on the current network they cannot do any more to make trains run on time .
Privately , Network Rail agrees that it 's time to stop tinkering and make bold changes .
Less than half the network is electrified , which means many passengers still rely on dirty , slower and less efficient diesel trains .
Additional lines are required .
Gordon Brown spoke in this newspaper of the need " to build tomorrow today " .
Here is his opportunity .
For there comes a point when passengers refuse to pay for bad service , and many will reach it with the latest rise in fares .
Rail companies already sense the coming decline in numbers .
As Observer Business reports today , the big operators are to ask Geoff Hoon , the transport minister , to let them reduce services as passenger growth declines .
What may be a wise tactic during the slump is not a strategy for the future .
And passengers will return only if there is a better rail network .
A decision should be made about what sort of railway network we want and who should pay for it .
Not passengers , who have little tolerance for further fare rises .
Travelling by rail in Germany , Switzerland and Holland is more pleasant and cheaper than in Britain because those countries offer far greater levels of public subsidy .
Given the dire state of the government 's finances , it would be unwise simply to throw money at this problem .
Yet , at a time when public money for the railways is diminishing , subsidies for drivers and air passengers remain in place .
Duty on car fuel has been frozen while aviation fuel is not taxed at all .
Since rail travel is demonstrably better , both socially and environmentally , this makes no sense .
This week we expect to hear that a third runway at Heathrow has been given the go ahead .
The Observer has argued against the expansion , but if that battle is lost , Gordon Brown must transfer the subsidies enjoyed by motorists and air passengers to the rail network .
The Tories ' plan for a direct 180 mph rail link between London and Scotland is a good one .
While it would cost at least £ 15 bn to build , it should draw passengers off domestic flights , an increasingly reprehensible way to travel .
The prime minister spoke of the need to make environmental investments in response to the economic downturn .
A new high - speed rail link , built before the new runway at Heathrow is completed , would be a good start .
QR Code Link to This Post
One morning in class , after a night of cheap beer and tacos , I had a rumbling in my bowels that told me I had one massive fart brewing .
I was trying to decide if I should try and hold it , or do a “ one cheek sneak ” and let it out , when my uptight , prim and proper professor called on me to answer a question .
This is the worst timing in the world for this .
I am trying to concentrate on the question at hand , while the rumbling in my gut turns into a legion of butt demons doing a whirling dervish in my colon , screaming for release .
Then it happened : a chorus of ass - trumpet loud enough to bring down the walls of Jericho .
I farted so hard it hurt .
There was a burning / itching sensation that made me think I blew out my sphincter for good .
The noise was amplified by the hard wooden seat on the desk .
After the echoes died down , I looked up at my professor .
She had a look on her face I will never forget .
It was a look of complete shock , disgust , and revulsion .
And then the horror .
The HORROR .
I started …. Laughing !
Not just a chuckle or giggle , we ’re talking , wild - hysterical - “ stop or I ’ll pee myself ” laughter .
And the more I laughed , the more I farted .
By this point , there was a cloud of butt bouquet so thick you could taste it .
Eyes tearing …. nose burning …. belly hurts from laughing … I had to get out of there .
I needed an obscure corner of the world to curl up and die of embarrassment in .
To make my humiliation complete , as I stood up and tried to extricate my gargantuan buttocks from the little desk , I got stuck .
The desk was pasted to my ass like a bug on a windshield .
I HATE IT WHEN THIS HAPPENS !!!
Tank of toxic ammonia coolant thrown from station more than a year ago
NASA astronaut Clayton Anderson , an Expedition 15 flight engineer , tosses a hefty unneeded ammonia tank the size of a refrigerator ovebboard from the space station during a July 23 , 2007 spacewalk .
The tank is expected to reenter Earth ’s atmosphere on Nov. 2 , 2008 .
A piece of space station trash the size of a refrigerator is poised to plunge through the Earth ’s atmosphere late Sunday , more than a year after an astronaut tossed it overboard .
NASA and the U.S. Space Surveillance Network are tracking the object – a 1,400 - pound ( 635 - kilogram ) tank of toxic ammonia coolant thrown from the international space station – to make sure it does not endanger people on Earth .
Exactly where the tank will inevitably fall is currently unknown , though it is expected to re-enter Earth ’s atmosphere Sunday afternoon or later that evening , NASA officials said .
“ This has got a very low likelihood that anybody will be impacted by it , ” said Mike Suffredini , NASA ’s space station program manager , in an interview .
“ But still , it is a large object and pieces will enter and we just need to be cautious . ”
NASA astronaut Clayton Anderson threw the ammonia tank from the tip of the space station ’s Canadian - built robotic arm during a July 23 , 2007 , spacewalk .
He tossed away an unneeded video camera stand overboard as well , but that 212 - pound ( 96 - kilogram ) item burned up harmlessly in the atmosphere early this year , Suffredini said .
NASA expects up to 15 pieces of the tank to survive the searing hot temperatures of re-entry , ranging in size from about 1.4 ounces ( 40 grams ) to nearly 40 pounds ( 17.5 kilograms ) .
If they reach all the way to land , the largest pieces could slam into the Earth ’s surface at about 100 mph ( 161 kilometers per hour ) .
But a splashdown at sea is also possible , as the planet is two - thirds ocean .
“ If anybody found a piece of anything on the ground Monday morning , I would hope they would n’t get too close to it , ” Suffredini said .
Known as the Early Ammonia Servicer , or EAS , the coolant tank is the largest piece of orbital trash ever tossed overboard by hand from the space station .
Larger unmanned Russian and European cargo ships are routinely destroyed in the Earth ’s atmosphere over the Pacific Ocean after their space station deliveries , but those disposals are controlled and preplanned .
The recent destruction of the European Space Agency ’s Jules Verne cargo ship was eagerly observed by scientists hoping to glean new information on how objects behave as they enter Earth ’s atmosphere .
Observers aboard two chase planes caught photographs and video of the double - decker bus - sized spacecraft ’s demise , but no such campaign is possible with the returning ammonia tank .
The last object to re-enter Earth ’s atmosphere with prior notice was a small asteroid the size of a kitchen table that exploded in midair as it flew over Africa on Oct.
7 .
It ’s taken more than year for the ammonia tank to slowly slip down toward Earth due to atmospheric drag .
During its time aboard the station , the tank served as a coolant reservoir to boost the outpost ’s cooling system in the event of leaks .
Upgrades to the station last year made the tank obsolete , and engineers were concerned that its structural integrity would not withstand a ride back to Earth aboard a NASA space shuttle .
Instead , they tossed it overboard , or “ jettisoned ” it in NASA parlance .
Suffredini said that while astronauts have accidentally lost a tool or two during spacewalks , the planned jettison of larger items is done with the utmost care to ensure the trash does n’t hit the station or any other spacecraft as it circles the Earth .
Engineers also make sure the risk to people on Earth is low , as well .
“ As a matter of course , we do n’t throw things overboard haphazardly , ” Suffredini said .
“ We have a policy that has certain criteria we have to meet before you can throw something overboard . ”
In the event the tank re-enters over land , NASA advised members of the public to contact their local authorities , or the U.S. Department of State via diplomatic channels if outside the U.S. , if they believe they ’ve found its remains .
By Tariq Malik
Senior editor
updated 8:15 p.m. ET Oct. 31 , 2008
Source : msnbc
by | |
If you are anything like me , you suffer a death of a thousand cuts when you see something on GoogleEarth and want to know how tall it is .
For instance , you can measure the diameters of Iran ’s heavy water exchange columns ( 3.5 m ) but if you could only measure their height then maybe you could tell what their capacity was .
It would seem a simple thing for Google to just to tell you the date and time of any individual pixel on a scene and then you could calculate the sun ’s elevation .
After all , they know which picture is contributing to each part of the Earth ’s surface and each picture has a time stamp embedded in its geographical information .
Be that as it may be , they do n’t seem to want to do it .
But there is often — not always , but often — a date stamp on the bottom of the screen .
I thought ; why not use what ever you are interested in measuring as a Sun Dial to tell the “ time ” of the image ?
That ’s exactly what my program calculateHeightFromShadow does !
You can download it for free at my website ’s download page .
( Unfortunately , you also have to download and setup GUI_missileFlyout before you can use this height measuring program .
This is because the MATLAB run library has to be on your computer and my website does not have the storage to allow me to put both up independently . )
So , what about those Iranian heavy water exchange columns ?
They are approximately 50 m high .
( And the final distillation tower is 130 m tall . )
I ’ve noticed , while checking out this program against various landmarks , that there is an approximately a 10 % error associated with this measurement .
This seems to be dominated by unlevel ground effects ( the shadow terminating on buildings or on a hill side ) and problems picking out the right starting point for the .
Perhaps surprisingly , this is really difficult !
At least if you want to do better than 10 % .
There is also something else to note .
I ’ve started to wonder about some of those dates listed by GoogleEarth .
I ’m not sure , but I ’m beginning to think some of those dates are wrong , or at least do n’t apply to some of the scenes they are linked to .
However , this seems to be true only for Western cities where there is plenty of coverage and perhaps they are n’t particularly concerned about getting the date right .
I ’ve checked the program against the Eiffel Tower , the Arc de Triomphe , and the Xichang SLC ’s service tower ; all of which I know the heights for and I get within +- 10 % .
I also tried checking it against the St. Louis Gateway Arch but this has proven to be very difficult , either because its difficult to judge the correct spots to measure with a curved arch or , just perhaps , it is the wrong date on GoogleEarth .
After all , the date stamp says it ’s June , but some of the trees in the area are clearly without leaves .
If I use a March date , then I get a reasonable height for the Arch .
By the way , you can see an amusing example of the problems associated with knitting together different scenes if you look at the bridges across the Mississippi just to the East of the Arch ; in particular , look at the Martin Luther King Bridge .
I ’d say it was because the camera “ tilt ” was different between the two different images while looking at elevated objects , but I ’ve seen the same thing on surface roads .
Have fun !
ps
It only works with windows , Sorry Mac users !
Cleaned and processed caviar is packaged for distribution and sale in a sterile preparation room of France 's caviar fish farming " Sturgon " in Saint Genis de Saintonge , southwestern France , December 12 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Regis Duvignau
ROME ( Reuters ) - Down - and - outs and hard up pensioners in Milan will enjoy a rare Christmas treat this year : choice beluga caviar confiscated from traffickers .
Italian police seized over 40 kg ( 88 lb ) of the delicacy , worth some 400,000 euros ( $ 558,300 ) , from two men who last month smuggled it into the country from Poland for sale in the shops of Milan and the rest of the wealthy Lombardy region .
The head of the local forest police who carried out the raid kept the bounty in barrack fridges for several weeks , but realized it would soon go bad .
“ Tests showed us the food was still perfectly OK to eat but it could n’t be stored much longer , so we decided to give it to the poor , ” Juri Mantegazza told Milan daily Corriere della Sera .
A small amount of the sturgeons ’ eggs have been kept for further analysis while the rest has been sent to voluntary associations , charity kitchens and old people ’s homes .
“ Everything that comes our way is very welcome , even though most of our guests do n’t even know what those little black balls are , ” said Virginio Colmega , a priest who helps run the House of Charity in Milan .
The border area between the two countries remains heavily fortified Communist North Korea has said it is scrapping all military and political agreements signed with the South , accusing Seoul of hostile intent .
South Korea 's government had pushed relations " to the brink of a war " , the North 's cross - border relations body said on state media .
Seoul expressed regret at the move , while the US called it " unhelpful " .
Relations have deteriorated since South Korea 's President Lee Myung - bak took a harder line approach to the North .
One agreement the North said it was to scrap covers the maritime border in the Yellow Sea .
The two countries ' navies fought bloody skirmishes in the area of the de facto border in 2002 and 1999 .
" All the agreed points concerning the issue of putting an end to the political and military confrontation between the North and the South will be nullified , " the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said .
TROUBLESOME SEA BORDER Known as Northern Limit Line Position in Yellow Sea declared by UN in 1953
Not recognised by North Deadly naval skirmishes along the line in 1999 and 2002 Regularly breached by North 's fishermen
It said that the situation on the Korean peninsula had reached a point where there was " neither way to improve [ relations ] nor hope to bring them on track " .
The North has stepped up rhetorical attacks on the administration of South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , who has promised to stop the free flow of aid to the North unless it moves to end its nuclear weapons programme .
Earlier this week , North Korea criticised the appointment of a new South Korean unification minister , describing the choice of Hyun In - taek as evidence that the South wanted to intensify confrontation between the two Korean states .
The BBC's John Sudworth in Seoul says some analysts believe that Pyongyang is trying to build up tensions with the South in order to give itself more negotiating power with the new US administration .
HAVE YOUR SAY North Korea is an isolated state and when it is n't getting enough attention acts like a petulant child .
Anders , uk A more pessimistic analysis suggests that the rising tension does raise the possibility of small - scale military clashes , says our correspondent .
Regrets
" Our government expresses deep regret , " said Kim Ho-nyoun , spokesman for South Korea 's unification ministry , which handles cross - border affairs .
" We urge North Korea to accept our call for dialogue as soon as possible , " he said .
RECENT TENSIONS
Dec 07 : Lee Myung - bak wins South Korean presidential election .
Vows tougher line on the North March 08 : North expels S Koreans from joint industrial park after Seoul says it will link its aid more closely to the nuclear disarmament issue April 08 : N Korean media warns President Lee his tough stance could have " catastrophic consequences " July 08 : Pyongyang rejects President Lee 's offer of direct talks Oct 08 : Military officials from both sides hold first direct talks since President Lee took office Nov 08 : N Korea says it will close land borders , suspend tourism trips and the joint train service because of " relentless confrontation " from Seoul Dec 08 : N Korea enforces stricter border controls and expels hundreds of South Koreans from the joint industrial zone A spokesman for the US state department , Robert Wood , said the North 's rhetoric " is distinctly not helpful , but that 's not going to deter us from continuing our efforts to achieve denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula " through long - running talks between the Koreas , regional powers and the US .
The two Korean states are still technically at war because their three - year conflict ended in a truce , not a peace treaty , in 1953 .
The peninsula remains divided by a heavily fortified Demilitarised Zone , with thousands of troops stationed on both sides of the border .
Relations improved in the past decade , with North Korean leader Kim Jong - il meeting with then - South Korean President Kim Dae-jung in a historic summit in 2000 .
But tensions have been high since Mr Lee took office in Seoul nearly a year ago pledging to get tough with Pyongyang .
He began rolling back his predecessors ' " sunshine policy " of unconditional aid to the North .
The North responded by cutting off talks , suspending key joint projects and stepping up criticism of Mr Lee whom it calls a " traitor " .
" Never to be condoned are the crimes the Lee group has committed against the nation and reunification by bedevilling overnight the inter-Korean relations that had favourably developed amidst the support and encouragement of all the Koreans and ruthlessly scrapping the inter-Korean agreements , " the North said on Friday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This week I ’d like to share with you 20 iPhone apps you might find interesting if you are a designer , blogger & freelancer .
Some apps seems odd at first , but works surprisingly well once you get going .
So below you will find some useful organizational tools , others we thought might help inspire or motivate creativity , while the rest we have included simply because they will keep you connected with your team or your clients effectively while you are on the go .
Better Management
OmniFocus for the iPhone brings task management to your fingertips .
Keep track of actions by project , place , person , or date .
Bring up a shopping list , agenda items to discuss at work , tasks for home , and any other lists you need .
Using your location , OmniFocus can create a custom list of actions to complete nearby .
Buying groceries ?
OmniFocus can show you the closest grocery store and create an instant shopping list .
Download App. Here
WordPress for iPhone allows you to create and edit content on your WordPress blog with support of offline use .
Download App. Here
Search & Stay Updated
Get the most advanced google search experience for your iPhone now with voice and My Location .
Features include :
Voice search for the web Fast access to google services like Mail , Earth , Photos , Talk , Reader and more .
Search with My Location - search for nearby businesses and more with specifying where you are When you type , get time - saving suggestions for contacts , web shortcuts , history , word completions
Download App. Here
Byline allows you to read the latest news from your favorite sites and blogs on your iPhone or iPod Touch , even when you ’re offline .
Two way syncing with google reader .
Browse new items , starred utems , notes and folders in separate lists .
View up to 200 items from each list when you ’re offline , including embedded images .
Offline browsing lets you access complete web pages linked to by notes , starred items and new items .
Built - in web browser for online and offline browsing .
Download App. Here
Getting Things Done
Jott is a free voice - to - text transcription service .
So now instead of typing out your long emails using iPhone ’s keyboard , all you have to do is start speaking into the recording interface and it ’ll show up in your Jott notes .
You can then forward the Jott e-mail to whomever you want .
This will save you a lot .
Features include :
Voice - to - Text Notes Email & Text Reminders To Do Lists Hands - free Email & Text Group Messaging
You can get started Here
Evernote for iPhone ( and iPod Touch ) lets you capture any moment or idea as it happens , wherever you may find yourself .
And , thanks to Evernote ’s amazing cloud - based sync , you can recall it all any time from your iPhone , Mac , PC , the Web , or other mobile device .
Features include :
Create and edit new notes on the fly Snap a photo right into your account Record a quick voice memo Easily access all of your notes Select notes for offline viewing
You can get started Here
Stores notes and send emails using ShapeWriter , by enabling you to enter text into the iphone by tracing word shapes rather than typing letters which is more efficient than letter - based handwriting recognition .
Download App. Here
Mocha VNC provides access to a VNC Server .
Using your iPhone , you can connect to a Windows PC or Mac OS X and see the files , programs , and resources exactly as you would if you were sitting at your desk , just on a smaller screen .
Features include :
Another cool key board Extra keys as ALT , CTRL , Option and Apple key 8 and 32 bit color modes Zoom and scroll as the Safari browser Mouse Support
Download App. Here
Mount your iPhone or iPod touch as a wireless drive on any Mac , Windows , or Linux computer .
Drag - drop files between your iPhone or iPod touch and your computers .
Features include :
View documents in many common formats .
Prominent display of available space Stable , high - quality viewing of very high - resolution image files Page Up and Down buttons that accelerate while held down
Download App. Here
Air Mouse instantly transforms your iPhone or iPod touch into an in air , wireless mouse for your computer !
Sit back and surf the web , browse your photo library or control your music player from the comfort of your couch .
Features include :
Motion sensing air mouse touchpad keyboard left and right mouse buttons
Download App. Here
Stay Connected
The only IM / messaging client you will need .
Have Google Talk , AIM , Skype , MSN , Yahoo , ICQ , Twitter , plus VoIP calls over Wi-Fi .
So now you can tweet , call your clients over skype , chat on your favorite IM tool and get your work down when you are outside with your iphone .
Features include :
VoIP Calls over WiFi Instant Messaging Dynamic contact list with real - time contact availability SIP integration
Download Fring Here
Thumbtacts allows you to search your contacts using one hand .
To find a contact , touch an option ( a letter or character string ) to proceed to the next set of available matches .
Download App. Here
Calm Down and Clear Your Mind
Brain
Toot is a brain game that will give you a simple and fun way to help challenge and stimulate your brain .
It includes 16 brain training games to give you a mental exercise to test your memory , math , visual and thinking skills .
Download App. Here
Binaural beats helps you concentrate , relax or fall asleep by inducing the brain to perceive different brainwave states such as : beta ? alpha , theta , delta .
Combining with different nature sounds , you can make your own themes for many purposes such as : Sleep induction , study aid or headache treatment etc .
Blocking noise from the outside world , no more distraction !
Download App. Here
Design Tools
Now you can use your iPhone as a ruler .
You can measure any object by placing it on the device screen or just next to it .
By moving each line limiter one after another you can get a more accurate measurement .
In addition it is possible to switch between centimeters and inches on the information screen .
Ruler always saves your latest measurement and you can turn back to it any time .
Download App. Here
Palettes is a powerful iPhone productivity tool for creating and maintaining color palettes .
Turn your iPhone into a portable color creation tool .
Now you can create a color palette anywhere at anytime .
Features include :
Grab colors from a photograph , a website , or add colors using any one of 5 color models Quickly find matching colors with support for many different color schemes .
Browse , search and import palettes from COLOURlovers.com
Download App. Here
Since most designer or developer use CSS , HTML , Flash or other media - centric technologies , you will need to have a tool for finding the exact colors you want to use and converting between various scales and formats .
Cliqcliq Colors is a noce small app. in your iPhone for managing colors .
Features include :
Email palette in txt , bmb , aco and ase Camera integration and automatic color extraction multiple select for color deletion from palette .
Download App. Here
PixelPipe is a free and fully loaded photo sharing app that lets users easily send and geotag their photos to any of 50 supported destination sites including Twitter , Flickr , YouTube , Seesmic , Facebook , FriendFeed , Tumblr , WordPress , and FTP sites .
Download App. Here
Now you can upload all your photos to Photobucket to share online with your team or clients .
You can share with your team over email , IM , Myspace or most leading social networking and blogging websites .
Download App. Here
beamME is a free and universal electronic business card exchange application .
beamME allows you do send your personal or business card from your iPhone to any other mobile device or computer , including BlackBerries , Android phones , Treos , Macs , PCs and more .
Download App. Here
Pay Online
The PayPal application allows you to send money to anyone you want using your existing PayPal account .
The Paypal application is also great for checking your balance while you are out .
Download App. Here
Many people have expressed a hope that Barack Obama will be an improvement over George Bush and that he will roll back some of George Bush ’s excesses .
They see in Obama a man who understands nuanced argument , who at least acknowledges that those who oppose his policies can have good reasons and arguments for doing so .
However , those who are so hopeful are doomed to have their hopes dashed .
Barack Obama may give of good vibes , but a review of his policy papers show nothing more than a few crumbs of freedom thrown to the people .
Make no mistake , under Barack Obama ’s leadership , the federal government will seize more wealth , violate more liberties and wreck the economy more thoroughly than George Bush did .
The Obama administration will permit , nay encourage , the looting of the treasury by their cronies to a degree that not even the Bush administration dared to .
Reading his policy aims , I see that he offers us no quarter , no accommodation .
He demands that the American people hand over more of the wealth they create , and threatens them with more pervasive monitoring and violence in order to ensure their compliance with his edicts .
He wishes to rework society – to impose his vision of how society ‘ ought ’ to be organized – using the state security apparatus to impose his dreams .
In every policy proposal , one sees the same theme , the expansion of government , in size , in scope and power .
Typical is his proposal as to how the government will begin respecting civil liberties : rather than ordering the justice department to respect civil liberties in the court system by voluntarily complying with historical precedents governing government power , rather than announcing his intention to rip out the listening rooms used by the NSA to eavesdrop on the communications of the citizenry , he announces his intention to create a ‘ civil liberties board ’ , with subpoena powers .
If the attorney general of the United States lacks the power to enforce respect for civil liberties , or even worse , is disinclined to respect them , how will the addition of this board alter the calculus ?
No , this board will provide sinecures to political allies and something to point to when questioned about his respect for civil liberties while allowing the Justice Department , the Defense Department and the Department of Homeland Security to continue the business as usual , that of exercising their powers lawlessly and without limit , in furtherance of the public and private aims of the officials staffing them .
Nowhere in his policies does he announce his intention to relinquish control of anything that the government currently controls .
That which the Federal Government controls today , the government will continue to control under the new administration .
Much of which is currently out of its control today they will seek to bring under its control .
According to the Obama administration , the current economic crisis warrants expanding government spending well beyond George Bush ’s record - breaking levels .
Only in passing does he acknowledge the need to raise money for this spending , which will have to be either through increased taxation , borrowing or via the printing of new money .
The U.S. economy will not provide enough in taxes or in loans to pay for this spending .
It is incapable of it .
Thus , we will see the Federal Government borrowing from anyone who will loan it money , and when those sources of funding dry up , from the Federal Reserve , which pays for the bonds it purchases with newly printed money .
The ‘ inflation rate ’ , so called , already near 10 % according to the calculation method in use in the 1970 ’s will rise to much higher levels .
In the meantime the standard of living will stagnate , and in all likelihood decline .
Nor is there any plan to end this spending once the economy exits the crisis .
This , like the Global War on Terror , is yet one more open - ended emergency .
And when these policies fail to have their intended effects , as unemployment continues to soar and prices continue to rise , it is inevitable that the Obama administration will blame people who it sees as standing in the way of their policies .
The Obama administration will be tempted to go after bankers , intellectual opponents , industrialists , and corporate offices in exactly the same manner as when FDR excorciated bankers and industrialists .
And , like Wilson , FDR , Nixon , Clinton , and many others , the Obama administration will be tempted to use the state security apparatus against these enemies , citing the economic state of emergency to justify it .
So now the U.S. will not only be under a permanent state of emergency against external enemies , it will be in a state of emergency .
This time the enemy wo n’t be people living a continent away …
It will be us .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Greenwich
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I love you .
I first laid my eyes upon you in the Dec - Jan issue of " Clipper Magazine " .
As I was thumbing through I stumbled across page 26 where your eyes met mine , I looked away quickly but I know you saw me stare ... I saw you , too .
I tried to be casual , flipping through the rest of the magazine with my thumb still marking down page 26 , but could n't stop thinking about you , my precious Shel Dental Advertisement Girl .
After reaching page 10 or so I turned back to sneak a quick peak but alas , you caught me !
I again looked away in embarrassment , closing the magazine and quickly putting it to the side .
I am now here , trying to get my work done yet I can't help but spend every single second of my time thinking about you , oh beautiful Shel Dental Advertisement Girl .
So here I am - thinknig about you , lines of poetry flowwing through my head and urges of lust permiating from my genitals .
I want you , I love you - you are my everything and my only thing .
Oh my soft , passionate , sensual Shel Dental Advertisement Girl - how I love thee .
Please Shel Dental Advertisement Girl , please ... if you read this get in contact with me .
I have the desires of a thousand men burning deep inside of me and you are the sole fuel for the fire .
I know the feeling is mutual , Shel Dental Advertisement Girl - I see it in your eyes .
I love you and I want to be with you ... forever .
Love , Nick
TrekMovie is not the only website to get an exclusive new image from the Star Trek movie .
In fact there are five more .
UPDATED : All five images are now up , showing the crew in various locations plus one of Nero .
See below
Bridge crew !
UGO ’s image is of everyone but Spock on the bridge of the Enterprise .
Goto UGO for more .
The crew of the USS Enterprise ( click to see much more )
Spock is still working on his emotional control
You do n’t want to get Spock angry !
AICN got a great shot of Kirk ( Chris Pine ) getting a new kind of pinch from Spock ( Zachary Quinto ) .
Goto AICN to see more .
Kirk and Spock ( click to see much more )
Here ’s Nero
JoBlo.com got a shot of the villain Nero played by Eric Bana .
Nero ( click to see much more )
JoBlo also talked to Star Trek producer Damon Lindelof about the image , here is part of what he said about Nero ’s crew .
I think that perhaps they look like pirates in a way that they are tattooed and do n’t wear uniforms but in my own brain , I look at pirates as people who kinda hang around and they rob other ships and they ’re more interested in booty , plunder and pillaging and those sorts of things .
Especially since the PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN movies , they ’re sort of a fun-loving drinking lot .
None of those things would describe this particular group of non-Vulcans .
These guys have a very specific mission .
They ’re not interested in material wealth .
They ’re interested in something else entirely .
See the rest at JoBlo.com
UPDATE : Kirk on Ice
IGN was given an interesting shot of Kirk getting out of some kind of pod in some kind of frozen location .
Kirk gets chilly ( click to see much more )
Damon also talked to IGN about the icy Kirk , here is one tidbit :
This is right around the midpoint of the movie .
One of the things that ’s at the heart of the Trek universe … is the idea of the away team .
The idea that it ’s not just about people shooting around in a starship , but they also go down to these planets ..
See the rest at IGN.com
UPDATE 2 : Kirk in the chair
Possibly the best for last MTV gets a shot of Kirk in the Captain ’s chair , with the irascible Dr. McCoy ( Karl Urban ) at his side .
Kirk in command !
( click to see much more )
Here is part of what Lindelof had to tell MTV :
When asked why Kirk was wearing black instead of the standard yellow captain ’s shirt , Lindelof said that the black uniform was , in fact , a captain ’s uniform — and the color was “ significant ” to the story surrounding this scene .
See the rest at MTV.com
UPDATE 3 : Sulu
On Friday Yahoo Movies updated their gallery and it includes an additional photo of Sulu ( John Cho ) .
Sulu looks concerned ( click to see much more )
UPDATE 4 : More Spock
On Friday AICN got a ‘ cutting room floor ’ image from EW .
Spock looking airbrushed ( click to see much more )
The USS Kelvin
And in case you missed it , here is the exclusive image Paramount gave to TrekMovie.com
And here it is …
Exclusive effects shot from ‘ Star Trek ’
( click to enlarge )
NEW :
and one more image of the USS Kelvin from Entertainment Weekly
Click to bigify
… and that is all the new images … for now .
SUMMARY / COMMENTARY :
( While the Scriptural references are certainly not subjective , my commentary may be and sometimes is somewhat subjective . )
If Scriptural references appear , the full text appears at the end of the Summary / Commentary .
( 2006 ) , PG - 13 [ " Hard " R - 13 * ] -- ... making little sense is typical of stories which counterfeit the Truth ...
Cast / Crew Details Courtesy Internet Movie Database
Production ( US ) : Columbia Pictures , Imagine Entertainment , Brian Grazer / John Calley
Distribution ( US ) : Sony Pictures Entertainment , Sony Pictures Releasing
Director(s ) : Ron Howard
Producer(s ) : Dan Brown , John Calley , Brian Grazer , Todd Hallowell , Kathleen McGill , Louisa Velis
Written by : Akiva Goldsman ( screenplay ) , Dan Brown ( novel )
Cinematography / Camera : Salvatore Totino
Music : Hans Zimmer .
Martin Terefe
Film Editing : Daniel P. Hanley , Mike Hill
Casting : Janet Hirshenson , John Hubbard , Jane Jenkins
Production Design : Allan Cameron
Art Direction : Giles Masters , Tony Reading
Viewed At : Driftwood Theater 6
I am so sorry this report has taken so long to complete , a full seven days after viewing it and a full six days after its opening .
I could not hope to list all of the trouble experienced .
I fully believe getting this single analysis report published was plagued with more obstacles than any other of the more than 1000 other reports we have done .
Hint :
It all has to do with lack of donations / funding .
Something tells me the adversary did not want this report published .
That the adversary is actively involved in creating so many obstacles , especially to this report , makes sense since we are fighting the adversary quite probably in his most sensitive spot -- his attacks of Jesus through His little ones .
It makes sense also since this film has the potential for doing a g - r - e - a-t deal of Spiritual damage to our youth who have become , also by the adversary 's doing , more worldly than ever at younger and younger ages every year .
I suspect most of our readers have the caliber of faith and understanding to be able figure this out without me explaining it further .
I am glad to have read that secular reviewers made comments such as " clueless " about this film .
That makes it easier for me to say it made little sense .
But making little sense is typical of stories which counterfeit the Truth and manufacture their own from it by strategically adding facts among the fiction to make it appear factual .
The story may be fiction , but a bad influence does not have to be real to influence badly .
Louvre curator Jacques Sauniere ( Jean - Pierre Marielle ) is brutally murdered by Silas ( Paul Bettany ) , a masochistic , self mortifying , self scourging albino monk working for Bishop Aringarosa ( Alfred Molina ) , a bishop of questionable ethics and intent .
Silas claims to be doing the work of God .
In this fictional The Da Vinci Code Opus Dei is a covert society charged with keeping Christ 's marriage to Mary Magdalene ( Charlotte Graham ) and their daughter , Sarah a secret .
By the way , there are no monks in the real Opus Dei , a Catholic organization .
And there has been no cover - up since Jesus was not married .
Nor did He have a daughter .
Sauniere is mutilated and his body covered in symbols with meanings not clear to the police .
His body is found positioned as da Vinci 's Vitruvian Man and shown in full frontal nudity several times with only a bright light hiding his genitals .
Before Sauniere dies , he leaves a trail of clues to the " secret . "
Visiting symbology professor Robert Langdon ( Tom Hanks ) is called in by police Captain Fache ( Jean Reno ) to interpret the symbols on Sauniere 's body , one of which is the pentagram .
See Back to School Special for more information on the pentagram .
Note that the pentagram is the symbol on the cover of the Satanic bible .
Also note , mom / dad , that the rock [ music ] hand gesture ( the Mano Cornutto or Horned Hand - see Back to School Special ) is also on the cover of the Satanic bible .
Satan sneaks into your child 's life in many ways .
This " 13 " movie may very well be just one .
Aiding in the investigation is police cryptologist Sophie Neveu ( Audrey Tautou ) .
Due to a series of confusing happenings , Langdon and Neveu fall under suspicion for the murder .
On the lam , Langdon and Neveu are thrown into the middle of " the greatest cover - up in human history . "
That " cover - up " being the claim that Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene and had a daughter , Sarah ; that this manufactured bloodline of Christ is the Holy Grail .
Pulled into the mix by Langdon is his old friend and Grail researcher , Sir Leigh Teabing ( self avowed " gay " , X - mutant and Rings wizard , Sir Ian McKellen ) .
It is McKellan who narrates the counterfeitings of the Bible .
[ Rev. 22:18 , Rev. 22:19 ]
Some of the counterfeitings of the True Word include " " Maybe human is divine " , " What matters is what you believe " and " Your god does n't forgive murderers .
He burns them . "
The film even relies on da Vinci 's painting of The Last Supper being 100 % accurate and true .
Note that the painting was painted by someone who was not there and without any hint of Holy Inspiration as to the content of the painting .
Some sources claim da Vinci painted the John character as androgynous and effeminate enough to say it is Mary Magdalene .
That da Vinci painted John to appear feminine does not prove it was Mary .
It just shows that da Vinci envisioned John that way .
Besides , if the Apostle John was actually supposed to be Mary Magdalene , where then is John in the painting ?
Where then is the twelfth Apostle ?
There are so many things I would like to tell you about The Da Vinci Code , but there is only so much space .
Please bear with me , though , for a short foundational sermon .
Satan is the greatest trickster of global impact mankind has ever known .
His first trick was mixing God 's Truth with lies in fine - sounding argument and smooth philosophy in defiance of God 's Word [ Col. 2:4 , Col. 2:8 , Rom. 16:18 ] as he beguiled Eve into eating the forbidden fruit .
One of Satan 's great tricks is to convince many that God does not exist , keenly mixing that trick with the trick of convincing many others to think they do n't need God : that we can deal with life and death all on our own ; that nothingness lies on the other side of our last breath .
Satan seasoned that trick with leading some of us to believe that whatever we choose to believe is the truth .
As I typed this in I noticed it is used in The Da Vinci Code by the way : " What matters is what you believe . "
Frosting for that trick is Satan convincing many others that even he does not exist .
Yet another great Satanic trick on mankind is to convince many that there are more than one god ... and goddess .
And that we , ourselves , are gods .
This is also used in The Da Vinci Code : " Maybe human is divine . "
Masterful is the adversary , who does not say we are sinners , in convincing many that sin is not really sinful or that sin is relative : that there are no moral absolutes ; that morality is relative .
[ Rom. 3:23 ]
Yet another of Satan 's great tricks is convincing many that the Bible is no more than mortal man 's attempts to control the populations with fear and calling it interpretation of God 's Word thus making His Word seem subject to the personal preferences and social pressures of the time the Inspired pen was put to paper .
Satan has even convinced many that God can be measured by our own standards : that He must live up to our expectations ; that we can comfortably be Christians on Sunday only ; that God 's Word is optional and can even be discarded when it gets in our way .
Another very successful trick of Satan 's is to convince us at a young age that we do not have to answer to any authority , especially parental .
That makes it easy for us to not submit to Jesus when we mature -- and be comfortable with it .
Arrogantly .
Satan has also influenced many into thinking we are free to sin because of the freedom of choice God gave us : " Why would God give you the freedom of choice if you cannot use it ? "
Amidst it all , Satan has tricked even the firmest of believers that as they have their heels dug in , steadfast in their faith they may freely compromise God's Word by situationally redefining it , counterfeiting it and conditionally applying it to fill their own bellies .
All in the name of " interpretation " and the human frailty of they who put pen to paper for God . [ Rom. 16:18 ]
And the greatest of all of Satan 's tricks is to convince us we have matured beyond the need for the Word written in a 2000 - year old book ; that we are immune to his tricks thus leading us by the nose into sin and away from Jesus while we think we are wise .
[ Rom. 1:21 - 22 ]
These are just a few ...
I believe the master trickster has engineered yet another trick to draw more people away from the True Word .
The Da Vinci Code , like Dogma and others which embolden people into Spiritual destruction is , whether intentional , another trick of the adversary to pull and keep people away from Christ and those weak in faith to falter .
Even if just a little bit .
A little bit is enough for the one whose only reason for existence is to steal , kill and destroy .
[ John 10:10 ]
Because if he can be successful once , he 'll do it again .
And again .
And again .
All the while we thinking we are wise to his tricks .
[ Rom. 1 - 22 ]
End of sermon .
I would love to have " given " The Da Vinci Code a final score of zero -- it is that offensive to the Word of He who took the nails for you and I : to the Word of He who spent three days in Hell so you and I would not have to spend one moment there .
But the objectivity of the CAP analysis model could not care less about my subjective opinions .
I can not give scores .
Films earn the scores they get based solely on content when applied to His Word .
The Da Vinci Code earned a final score of 40 .
That score makes this film truly equivalent to many R-rated features since all the R-rated features in the comparative baseline database earned scores of 54 and below out of 100 .
Indeed , looking at the scoring distribution ( the CAP thermometer display ) , the Wanton Violence / Crime and Offense to God investigation area scores could not have been lower .
But the content in the other four investigation areas pulled the final score up out of the pits of scoring
Hell where , in my opinion , this film belongs .
The producers appear to attempt absolution from accountability for corrupting the Gospel by telling us up front this film is fiction .
Again , a bad influence does not have to be real to influence badly .
But to make claims of fact in the film confounds the grasp for literary safety in fiction .
For example , to claim Mary Magdalene was Jesus ' wife based on " gospels " which were rejected from the Bible is a huge and wild grasp .
And the film claims it was the " church " - a group of men - that decided which Books would form the Bible .
The Holy Bible is the inspired Word of God .
That is the Bible , not just the contents of each Book but which Books as well . [ 2 Tim. 3:16 ]
As I mentioned above , there is so much more to tell you about The Da Vinci Code but this report is already too long .
* Please * look deeply into the listing in the findings / Scoring section before you decide what age stratum , if any , might be suitable for this film .
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
SCRIPTURAL APPLICATION(S )
If needed to focus or fortify , applicable text is underlined or bracketed [ ] or bold .
If you wish to have full context available , the Blue Letter Bible is a convenient source .
If you use the Blue Letter Bible , a new window will open .
Close it to return here or use " Window " in your browser 's menu bar to alternate between the CAP page and the Blue Letter Bible page .
CHAPTER /VERSE
Col. 2:4 I tell you this so that no one may deceive you by fine - sounding arguments .
Col. 2:8 Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit , after the tradition of men , after the rudiments of the world , and not after Christ .
Rom .
16:18 For such people are not serving our Lord Christ , but their own appetites .
By smooth talk and flattery they deceive the minds of naive people .
John 10:10
The thief [ Satan ] cometh not , but for to steal , and to kill , and to destroy : ... Rev. 22:18
For
I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book ,
If any man shall add unto these things , God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book : Rev. 22:19
And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy , God shall take away his part out of the book of life , and out of the holy city , and from the things which are written in this book .
Rom .
3:23 For all have sinned , and come short of the glory of God ; Rom .
16:18
For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ , but their own belly ; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple .
Rom .
1:21 - 22
Because that , when they knew God , they glorified him not as God , neither were thankful ; but became vain in their imaginations , and their foolish heart was darkened . [ 22 ]
Professing themselves to be wise , they became fools , ... 2 Tim . 3:16
All scripture is given by inspiration of God , and is profitable for doctrine , for reproof , for correction , for instruction in righteousness :
*** Selected Scriptures of Armour against the influence of the entertainment industry ***
Ps. 12:8
The wicked freely strut about [ e.g. , create progressively vile / offensive entertainment with impunity and no consequences and present it to younger and younger audiences every year ] when what is vile is honored among men [ when enough people continue to defend it , embrace it , pay for it , enjoy it , want it , submit to it .
I call attention to Ps. 12:8 to warn of the creeping desensitizing power of " entertainment . " ]
Col. 2:8 Beware lest any man [ by his influence ] spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit , after the tradition of men , after the rudiments of the world , and not after Christ .
1 Cor. 15:33
Be not deceived : evil communications corrupt good manners .
Rom .
5:19
For as by one man 's disobedience many were made sinners , so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous .
Jude 1:4
For there are certain men* crept in unawares [ secretly slipped in among us ] , who were before of old ordained to this condemnation [ whose condemnation was written about long ago ] , ungodly men , turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness [ a license for immorality ] , and denying the only Lord God , and our Lord Jesus Christ .
[ * men : anthropos { anth ' - ro - pos} , generic , a human being , whether male or female ] Matt .
25:40
And the King shall answer and say unto them , Verily I say unto you , Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren , ye have done it unto me .
Luke 17:2
It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck , and he cast into the sea , than that he should offend one of these little ones .
[ Offend : skandalizo { skan - dal - id ' - zo} - scandalize ; to entice to sin ; to cause a person to begin to distrust and desert one whom he ought to trust and obey ; to cause to fall away . ]
Ps. 119:133
Order my steps in thy word : and let not any iniquity have dominion over me [ let no sin rule over me ] .
John 14:15
If ye love me , keep my commandments .
1 Thess .
5:22 Abstain from all appearance of evil .
[ " Evil " includes all things that are sinful . ]
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
As always , it is best to refer to the Findings / Scoring section -- the heart of the CAP analysis model -- for the most complete assessment possible of this movie .
FINDINGS / SCORING :
( The objective heart of the CAP Analysis Model , independent of and insulated from the Summary / Commentary section . )
Wanton Violence / Crime ( W )
firearm threats to control / coerce / force compliance , many , some to the head and face masochistic bloody gore ( self mortification ) , repeatedly mutilated body , repeatedly reckless driving with endangerment and property damage to avoid lawful capture familial fighting with weapons medieval warfare physical brutality , repeatedly , some graphic self - inflicted scourging gore , repeatedly graphic traffic collision with deaths , including of children gunfire to intimidate into obedience gunfire to kill , repeatedly additional reckless driving graphic battle assault , repeatedly beatings of varying intensity violent police maneuvers kidnapping , repeatedly , including at gunpoint police brutality / corruption knife to throat , twice gunfire killing threats to kill , repeatedly firearms for defense , repeatedly
Impudence / Hate ( I )
eight uses of the three / four letter word vocabulary convenience lies , repeatedly deceit unauthorized entry child sneaking
Sexual Immorality ( S )
statue nudity , repeatedly full rear and side male nudity with full frontal nudity , genitals masked by lighting , repeatedly woman in men's room picture nudity prostitutes talk of anatomy below navel skin threatening exposure of that which follows intercourse - covered except for back of female man in towel only
Drugs / Alcohol ( D ) :
smoking cooking drugs drinking
Offense to God ( O )
denial of that which appears on the cover of the Satanic bible is used as a Satanic symbol ( the pentagram ) superstition evil masquerading as good , repeatedly portrayal of Constantine as the determining factor of the content of the Bible portrayal of the council which decided on the books of the Bible as much like demons dancing around a boiling cauldron .
Also suggesting there was no holy Inspiration to deciding which Books form the Bible .
claim that Jesus was only man , not God in man ( Emanuel ) , repeatedly portrayal of the painting " The Last Supper " as holy fact rather than one man 's interpretation claim of the holy Grail is a bloodline through progeny of Jesus rather than the cup that caught Christ 's blood and body fluids from His wounds on the Cross , throughout claim of Mary Magdalene was not a prostitute claim of Mary Magdalene being Jesus ' wife by using a word that translates to " friend " and " associate " as well as " spouse " , repeatedly claim of other " gospel " books being as credible as the Books of Matthew , Mark , Luke and John , repeatedly claim of Mary Magdalene as the one to carry on the " church " , repeatedly claim of Mary Magdalene being pregnant by Jesus as He hung on the Cross claim of Sarah being Jesus ' daughter by Mary Magdalene , repeatedly claim of nothing said about Magdalene being Jesus ' wife and Sarah being
His daughter being " The greatest cover - up in history " claim of " living descendant (s ) of Jesus " , repeatedly display of the " cross of the world " blaming " church " for men's choices to murder " I am the messenger of God " twice " Your god does n't forgive murderers .
He burns them " " Christ sacrificed His Life for the betterment of humanity .
So , too , may His seed " nearly continuous claim of Mary Magdalene being Christ 's wife and the progeny , the phantom bloodline , being the holy Grail use of " Christ be with you " to bless evil zodiac " Jesus must be shown for what He was ... man " plus many additional comments about Jesus being not God but just a man portrayal of the need for a guardian of the Grail using a living descendent of Jesus to do it " The holy Grail herself " , repeatedly " You are the last living descendent of Jesus Christ " " Maybe human is divine " " What matters is what you believe "
Murder / Suicide ( M )
gunfire murder with gore blade murder murder by poison
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
There are currently a record number of unemployed college graduates seeking work .
So many , in fact , that they outnumber high school dropouts on the job hunt .
In November the number of people with a higher degree who were out of work rose to 1.413 million from 1.411 million in the previous month , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Comparatively , there were 1.282 million unemployed high school dropouts , up slightly from 1.273 million in October .
" College graduates are not going to get away unscathed , " said Dean Baker , director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington , DC , " everyone is being hit by this . "
While the manufacturing and construction industries were hardest hit by layoffs last month - 85,000 and 82,000 jobs lost , respectively , according to the Labor Department - it is the professional and business services category that many economists view as a barometer for overall economic activity .
In its November jobs report , the Labor Department said that firms in the business and professional services category cut 136,000 jobs , the largest one - month drop on record .
Additionally , financial services jobs fell by 32,000 , another record decline .
Those job cuts are hitting college educated workers the hardest , according to Dr. Reena Aggarwal , a professor of finance at Georgetown University 's McDonough School of Business .
" A lot of the job losses are the more higher paying jobs and it's just going to mean far fewer dollars flowing into the economy , " she said .
A glass half full
But even though business and professional services saw significant layoffs , the unemployment rate among those with a higher degree held steady at 3.1 % in November .
The overall unemployment rate rose to 6.7 % from 6.5 % in October .
" You 're still less than half as likely to be unemployed if you have a college degree , " Baker said .
" The numbers say , despite these conditions , we still have a strong job market within the professional skills category , nearly 97 % of college - educated workers are employed , " said Janette Marx , senior vice president of Ajilon Global , professional staffing firm .
Going forward , " you may see an increase but it will probably remain at half or less than half of the overall unemployment rate , " Marx said .
Experts agree that overall unemployment is likely to rise substantially in the months ahead .
The Labor Department announced that the economy shed 533,000 jobs in November , the largest monthly job loss total since December 1974 .
The year 's total job losses is now 1.9 million , not including the slew of large - scale job - cut announcements on Thursday .
But Baker said college graduates should n't panic , yet .
" In a way , there 's been a little bit of a lead time , " she explained .
" Students understand this is not going to be a market where they will have three or four offers . "
Jennifer Van Grove is a Social Media Strategist .
She authors a blog about San Diego , technology , startups and social media at JenniferVanGrove.com .
Google Maps has become the standard mapping utility for everything from getting directions and finding nearby food options to viewing the surface of the moon .
Are you getting the most out of your Google Maps experience ?
Keep reading to get some helpful hints on how to maximize ( or minimize ) all your mapping desires .
Make sure to leave us a comment and let us know about the Google Maps mashups , tips , and tweaks you love .
The Basics
Search
Be specific .
You 'll find what you 're looking for if you type exactly what it is you want to map .
If you 're looking for gas stations , which is especially handy when using the mobile version on the road , just type " gas . "
Based on your present view ( city , state , zip etc ) , you 'll see gas stations pop up in the same vicinity .
Once you 've clicked on a specific location you can get directions , search nearby , save for later , or edit the location by either flagging it as inappropriate , moving it , or claiming it as your own business .
Do n't forget to drag the little man icon onto the map for street view ( where available ) , or select " More " to view photos and / or wikipedia entries associated with your search .
Keyboard Shortcuts
You can use your keyboard 's arrow keys to move your view slightly North ( up arrow ) , South ( down arrow ) , East ( right arrow ) , or West ( left arrow ) .
For a bigger jump , use the page up and page down keys to dramatically move North and South .
The home key will jump
West and the end key will help you navigate further East .
Likewise , the + key will zoom in and the - key will zoom out .
You can also zoom in and out with a mouse or the two finger touch ( up and down ) on a Mac.
Simple right ?
Advanced Tricks
Map an Exact Intersection
Should you choose to map a specific intersection without street numbers , simply type " STREET1 at STREET2 , CITY , STATE " for a map of that intersection .
Use Extensions
There 's a variety of Firefox extensions that you can install to make your mapping mission a little more seamless .
I personally prefer Ubiquity for my mapping shortcuts .
You can select an address on any page , initiate the Ubiquity command screen , qualify your query with " map , " adjust the map to your liking , and insert it in an email .
Love it !
Reference API Tutorials
Should you choose to leverage the API to create your own concoctions , you might want to reference both the Google Maps API Tutorial , and Google Map Parameters mapki to the get the most out of your mashup .
More Advanced Tricks
The PCMechanic video below has a few handy tips for using Google Maps , including configuring Firefox for quick access to google maps ( :30 ) , using saved locations ( 1:12 ) , and finding latitude / longitude coordinates ( 1:55 ) .
Maptastic Mashups
One of the coolest things about Google Maps is that users can create and submit their own custom maps , which means you can have immediate access to these super cool mashups simply by clicking " My Maps " ( it 's right next to " Get Directions " ) .
Think of this area as your own online map community .
It 's where you can find your saved places , search in - between destinations , and browse pretty useful utilities from weather information to disaster - related maps .
Search in - between
Search in - between is so simple , but so incredibly useful .
Just add it your maps , select it , type in exactly what you want ( like " gas " ) , add the two location end points , and you 'll get a map of all the gas stations on your route .
This is an especially convenient app for road trips ( I used the search in - between feature on my two cross- country drives , it really comes in handy when navigating unfamiliar territories ) .
Plus , if you have an iPhone you can utilize the iPhoneSender Safari bookmarklet or Firefox extension to save all your fabulous search queries and send them via email , with a phone - friendly link , for safe keeping and easy access on the go .
GasBuddy
GasBuddy , from GasBuddy.com , is a featured mashup that lets you type in the city , state , or zip where you want to search for gas prices and locations .
It 's another standby for me .
Cheap gas is a godsend in this economy , and GasBuddy is my little angel .
Places of Interest
Places of Interest is another nifty little tool that maps pretty much anything of interest including bars , ATMs , food ( by food type ) , and even places of worship .
This custom map supports viewing of up to 5 different options at one time .
The action - sports enthusiast may enjoy Outdoor tracks by GPSies.com , which includes custom maps for a variety of activities including hiking and jogging trails , geocaching locales , and maps for more intense adventure seekers interested in climbing , mountain biking , and winter sports .
Google Moon
For the moon walker in you , there 's always Google Moon .
With geologic and topographic charts , and elevation options , you 'll feel like a real universe aficionado .
Mashups You Love
I always poll my smart and savvy Twitter network when I need to find the best in web - related goodies .
They recommend :
HousingMaps.com
A clever little mashup , HousingMaps.com shows Craigslist listings across the country .
Users can filter by city , price , housing type , listings with pictures , and any additional keywords .
The end result is a detailed map with housing options side - by - side with a color coded text list .
( Recommended by @searchguru )
Gmaps Pedometer
Gmaps Pedometer is a simple site that lets you calculate the distance between specific points you plot on the map .
You can turn mile markers , elevation , and the calorie counter on or off based on your personal needs .
In addition , you can save your favorite routes for future reference .
( Recommended by @shanehale7 & @ CatherineLarsen )
Robocall Tracker
The Twitter Robocall Tracker : Map of Robocalls is a mashup of a variety of open APIs with the purpose of plotting reported robocalls ( you know those annoying prerecorded calls you can't avoid ) .
Users can report a call , view other reported calls by locale , and listen to the actual audio from a handful of reported calls .
All reported incidents are screened and associated with the name of the Twitter user who submitted the original report .
( Created by @ EndTheRoboCalls )
Mobile Map Goodness
The beauty of Google Maps is that you 're not restricted to browsing at home .
Google Maps for mobile works on a wide variety of phones including the iPhone , and all phones with Windows Mobile and Android operating systems .
The mobile version supports a majority of the standard Google Maps functionality including My Location ( regardless of whether or not your phone has GPS ) , Street View , Directions ( public transit ) , walking , or driving , Business Listings , and Traffic information .
Wikitude AR Travel Guide for Android
G1 owners ( and future Android users ) have the added bonus of being able to play with Wikitude AR Travel Guide , an augmented reality app with location - based Wikipedia content .
I have n't had the opportunity to test it , but according to their website , one bonus is that " users may hold the phone 's camera against a spectacular mountain range and see the names and heights displayed as overlay mapped with the mountains in the camera . "
Check out the video below for a really neat peek at what this app can do .
Um yeah , can I get that on my iPhone please ?!?
Now It 's Your Turn ...
Tell us about the mashups you use , the tricks you live by , and the tweaks that make you weak in the knees .
SPRINGFIELD - Police vice detectives served up a special order to a 24 - year - old city man Wednesday night , arresting him on drug and weapons charges in the drive - through lane of a Page Boulevard fast food restaurant , police said .
Detectives , led by Sgt. Neil Maloney , moved in and arrested Jamel Ralleek Davis , of 18 Carver St. , while he was in his car at Burger King , 755 Page Blvd. , said police Capt .
C. Lee Bennett .
Davis was charged with possession of cocaine with intent to distribute , possession of a firearm without a license , possession of ammunition without a firearms identification card , and possession of a firearm with a defaced serial number .
Police observed him engaged in drug activity in the parking lot and moved in to arrest him , Bennett said .
Top Gear to shift down a gear after Clarkson and co are hit by the credit crunch
Top Gear is to become the latest casualty of BBC budget cuts , the show 's producer has revealed .
Economies at the corporation could mean an end to the motoring show 's famously over - the - top car stunts .
Top Gear is BBC2's most watched programme , attracting audiences of up to 8 million in the UK in its Sunday night slot .
A new series is scheduled for spring 2009 .
Extravagant : Jeremy Clarkson smashed a lorry through a brick wall at 56 miles per hour this year - which would cost a fair amount to stage
It is estimated that the show currently costs £ 100,000 per episode to produce .
However , Andy Wilman , the channel 's executive producer , said that economies would have to be made .
Past stunts have included presenter Jeremy Clarkson driving a truck through a brick wall , while his co-presenter Richard ' Hamster ' Hammond suffered brain injuries after he crashed while driving a jet - powered drag - racing car at 288 mph on the show .
He has since recovered .
Nearly fatal : Richard Hammond was left badly injured after this Vampire jet car overturned
Extravagant : Last year , Clarkson , May and Hammond raced from Resolute , northern Canada to the North Pole
Referring to the likelihood of cutbacks , Mr Wilman writes in his blog on the Top Gear fansite : ' No point in moaning about that .
All shows are suffering and nobody 's got a pot to p*** in any more anyway , so no reason why we should n't suffer as well .
' Our problem though is that there is no fat to trim off the show , in that we waste almost nothing behind the scenes and the old cliche of " every penny goes on screen " is actually true .
' So in 2009 , the budget cut has to affect what you watch and Clarkson has had a brainwave in making this as painless as possible .
Every penny is on the screen :
In the Top Gear Winter Olympics Special in 2006 a Jaguar XK was pitted against a speed skater on a frozen lake in Norway
Globe trotting : the team have traveled around the world , including for this Botswana episode
' Basically instead of trimming back a little bit on every show - losing a helicopter here or a truck crash there - we 'll endeavour to make 13 of our 14 shows as per the usual Jerry Bruckheimer standard and then the last one , when we only have a tenner left , will be utter , utter sh**e .
' But they had fun singing songs in the dark during the Blitz , so let 's see what happens .
Great stuff may come of it .'
The BBC is already slashing its programming budget by as much as 30 per cent in some areas after it admitted it was facing a £ 140 million funding shortfall caused by inflation and rocketing utility bills .
Expensive stunts : A Citroen is overturned and blown away by the jet blast of a Virgin Atlantic Boeing 747-400 in 2004
Despite this Clarkson , 48 , signed a lucrative contract earlier this year , reported to be worth £ 2 million a year , to present Top Gear .
Hammond , 39 , and fellow co-presenter James May , 45 , also agreed new deals worth £ 25,000 and £ 20,000 a show respectively .
A BBC spokesman declined to give any figures but said : ' Like every programme across the BBC , Top Gear is engaged in delivering efficiencies .
' But viewers can be assured that the next series will be as compelling and exciting as always . '
The strict budget of the show was in evidence in Top Gear 's Vietnam special , when Clarkson and the gang were forced to buy scooters after realising they could n't afford second hand cars in the country .
The trio had been given 15 million dong ( £ 600 ) each to buy ' wheels ' and soon realised that cars are very expensive in Vietnam and that bikes , to Clarkson 's horror , are more affordable .
Jeremy Clarkson ( left ) in Vietnam this October where he said ' It 's the only motorbike I 've ever had ' and ( right ) a few weeks earlier in September making tracks near his Cotswolds home
The constraints led to self - confessed bike - hater Clarkson having to be shown how to get the scooter started , let alone keep it standing .
However despite his professed ignorance it appears Clarkson , who declared on TV , ' I can't ride a bike ' and ' It is the only motorbike I 've ever had ' , may have put in some practise beforehand .
For back in September he was seen out and about on a navy Vespa near his Cotswolds home - just weeks before he travelled out to Ho Chi Minh City to film the Christmas episode .
The BBC had no official comment to make on this discrepancy when contacted by Mail Online .
Unsteady as he goes : Clarkson enrols the help of an Australian to teach him how to start the scooter
The premise for him fumbling around on the lime - green Vespa in Vietnam 's largest city was when he and his co-workers were told to buy second - hand ' wheels ' to cross 1,000 miles of the country .
When he failed to start the scooter , eager onlookers offered the confused presenter tips on how to get going .
He paid particular attention when a blonde Australian tourist stepped in to help .
He then grumbled to BBC2 viewers that it was only ' after an hour ' that he managed to set off .
Credit crunched : Richard Hammond , Jeremy Clarkson and James May will have to tone down their stunts on the popular BBC2 show
I ’m all for intelligent economic stimulus .
And some of the things that the Democrats put in the latest economic stimulus bill look promising .
Among them :
$ 550 billion for states .
This brings money to the locals , and helps with a bottom up approach that I think is more likely to help than a top down approach that has been taken so far .
.
This brings money to the locals , and helps with a bottom up approach that I think is more likely to help than a top down approach that has been taken so far .
Extending unemployment benefits .
( Too bad the self - employed do n’t qualify . )
. ( Too bad the self - employed do n’t qualify . )
Help subsidizing Cobra health care for those who lose their jobs .
What I ’m not thrilled about in the economic stimulus plan is the measure to introduce $ 275 billion in tax cuts .
Tax cuts right now are a Bad Idea .
First of all , the small amount that people would be getting — by way of a slightly larger paycheck — would be too small to make a difference in their household budget , and contribute very little to the stated goal of stimulating the economy through consumer spending .
The amount of money their talking about in each paycheck , furthermore , is n’t enough to keep anyone in foreclosure trouble from folding .
Secondly , we are spending Lots Of Money right now .
That means that cutting taxes now will necessitate a raise later .
Just as people adjust to their new income level , they will be socked with increased taxes as all of this spending comes home to roost .
Politically , this is stupid .
It sets up a major problem for whoever finally has to raise taxes while trying to make us face the music that all this crazy budgetary voodoo has to be squared away .
I know that Congress badly wants to spend money in an attempt to stave off a full - blown Depression .
And I know that Barack Obama is trying to get them to spend it in a more useful way than they have done so far .
But they are both wrong about tax cuts :
No matter how many people think they are a grand idea , tax cuts are a bad idea on an economic stimulus level and on a future practicality level .
I ’m not an economist , so maybe I ’m way off base here .
But it just seems like the “ real ” economists have n’t exactly done the economy any favors .
I stand by my assertion that what we really should have is an individual economic stimulus .
General Motors did not apologize for anything in its first trip to Congress more than two weeks ago to plead for a federal rescue .
The company ’s only problem , it insisted , was the current financial crisis .
“ What exposes us to failure now is not our product lineup , or our business plan , or our long - term strategy , ” Rick Wagoner , G.M. ’s chief executive , said in his testimony .
On its return visit to a skeptical Congress this week , however , General Motors bowed its head .
“ G.M. has made mistakes in the past , ” Mr. Wagoner told Congress , and named three : agreeing to expensive union contracts , not investing enough in smaller cars and failing to convert its plants so they could build more than one type of vehicle .
It was an unusual concession from a company that has rarely felt the need to apologize for anything , given its bragging rights as the world ’s largest automaker with operations in 35 countries , and as a company that has built 445 million vehicles and sat atop corporate America for much of its 100 - year history .
Nick Clegg says the PM's jobs initiatives have been ' pointless '
School and college leavers aged 16 - 24 will " bear the brunt " of Gordon Brown 's " economic mismanagement " , Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has said .
He accused the prime minister of " pointless initiatives " and warned against a " poisonous legacy " of unemployment for the next generation .
At a one - day conference in London he also outlined plans for better college funding and tackling student debt .
Last week Mr Brown announced a scheme to create 35,000 more apprenticeships .
But the prime minister 's efforts will not create a single new permanent job , Mr Clegg added .
Today 's school leavers could be the first generation in living memory " to end up worse off than their parents " , he claimed .
' On the scrapheap ' According to the Lib Dem leader , two million young people who grew up under a Labour government live in poverty and are now being " hit hard by the recession " .
He added : " After having already suffered under Gordon Brown 's failure to sort out our education system , this generation now bears the heaviest brunt of his economic mismanagement .
" We have to make sure this recession does not leave a poisonous legacy for teenagers and young adults .
We must not allow a whole generation to end up on the scrapheap of long - term unemployment . "
We cannot always prevent people losing their jobs but we can help people finding their next jobs
Gordon Brown
He also questioned the effectiveness of Mr Brown 's efforts to boost the economy - including a £ 140 m government scheme to boost apprenticeships - claiming it would not lead to a single new permanent job .
Promising internships to graduates does nothing to address the fear of permanent unemployment , he said .
He also claimed the government is creating new apprenticeships when " thousands of existing apprentices are being thrown off their courses " .
In a reference to Mr Brown 's plan to help 500,000 people into work or training , announced at a " jobs summit " on Monday , he added : " He tries to bribe businesses struggling to keep their heads above water with £ 2,500 to take on the long - term unemployed - that wo n't create a single job . "
The Lib Dems say they would scrap that plan and put all additional funding into new apprenticeships .
Mr Clegg told the BBC he wants to transform the entire education system , starting with the very young and improved childcare and smaller infant class sizes .
He also said the Lib Dems would provide better college funding to give students the same support as in universities and would tackle " crippling " student debt .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
University of Nottingham scientists are currently testing the new material A material that can be squirted into broken bones , where it hardens within minutes , has been developed by UK scientists .
The toothpaste - like substance forms a biodegradeable scaffold over which the body 's own bone grows .
Its makers , from Nottingham University , said it could help remove the need for painful bone grafts in many cases .
They are working to start clinical trials in the UK , and expect it to be used in the US within 18 months .
The " injectable bone " won a prestigious medical innovation award last week , and is the brainchild of Professor Kevin Shakesheff , from the University of Nottingham .
Its advantage over traditional bone cements is in the hardening process .
While conventional cements give off heat as they harden , killing surrounding cells , and making them unusable in some parts of the body , this polymer does not .
The material has the texture of toothpaste at room temperature , and when it rises to body temperature , this is enough to trigger the hardening reaction .
The fact that it does n't heat up when in the body ... is a significant breakthrough
Mr Andy Goldberg , orthopaedic surgeon Professor Shakesheff said it was easy to inject into the right part of the body without a surgical incision , unlike bone grafts , which use bone taken from another part of the patient 's body , such as the hip , to plug a damaged gap .
" Not only does the patient need to be opened up , he or she is left with a damaged area - using this would avoid that .
" We believe we can just insert the needle , follow it to the right spot and inject the polymer , which will fill the desired area , and set as hard as the bone on either side .
" Because the material does not heat up , surrounding bone cells survive and can grow . "
Some limitations remain - even though the polymer is as hard as bone within minutes , the join between itself and old bone is weaker , and a leg fracture fixed this way would still need metal pins to stop it shearing apart when the patient tried to walk .
However , he said that the lack of heat as the substance set meant that it could potentially be used in other applications where a tough scaffold was needed to support the growth of new cells .
This could one day even stretch to other damaged areas such as the heart , he said .
' Fantastic potential ' Mr. Andy Goldberg , a consultant orthopaedic surgeon and a co-founder of the Medical Futures awards , which honoured the invention last week , said : " This technology has fantastic potential .
" As an orthopaedic surgeon , being able to work with a substance that is flexible , as opposed to using hard bone will make a real difference .
" The fact that it does n't heat up when in the body , like many other injectable substances is a significant breakthrough . "
Professor Shakesheff has created a biotechnology firm to help develop and market the invention , and is now working to prove its safety so that it can be used in hospitals .
He said that the swiftest route to market was in the US , where the product could be available some time in 2010 .
Professor Richard Oreffo , a specialist in musculoskeletal science at the University of Southampton , said that the material had potential .
" As I understand it , the advantage it has is that the patient 's own cells and growth factors can be delivered with it , and because everything happens at room temperature , they are delivered intact to the patient . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Unfinished Swan is being developed by my new company , Giant Sparrow
The game 's homepage has moved here
CNN guest : Bush Bible comment shocked evangelicals David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday December 11 , 2008
Print This Email This George W. Bush 's recent statement that he believes the Bible is " probably not " literally true has apparently left many Christian conservatives reeling in shock .
David Brody of the Christian Broadcasting Network told CNN "s John Roberts on Thursday , " I think a lot of social conservative evangelicals were surprised -- probably grabbing the smelling salts as we speak . "
Bush made the controversial statement during a Monday interview on ABC's Nightline .
When asked whether he thinks the Bible is literally true , he replied , " Probably not .
No , I 'm not a literalist , but I think you can learn a lot from it . "
One blogger at the conservative Washington Times , commented the next morning , " I already have an e-mail from a former Bush administration official who writes , ' This just completely alienated his evangelical supporters . ' "
Bush further stated in the interview , " I think that God created the Earth ... and I do n't think it 's incompatible with the scientific proof that there is evolution . "
Brody suggested that Bush may have merely been referring to what creationists call " microevolution " -- small - scale changes that do not rise to the level of creating new species .
However , he did n't appear altogether confident , telling Roberts , " The problem was , the president did n't seem all that -- if you want to use the word -- coherent on the subject . "
Brody , who has written that Bush would " have had to go into damage control mode " after these comments if he were still running for office , said that the remarks definitely " would have been an issue " in 1999 , when Bush was actively seeking the support of the religious right in his bid for the presidency .
Brody concluded by suggesting , with what appeared to be a note of bitterness , that " George Bush has always been -- quote -- ' good ' on the ' life ' issue with social conservatives and good with the marriage issue .
And it seems that he had cover because he had the public policy positions down . "
Some evangelicals , however , claim they were not surprised by Bush 's remarks .
A blog titled " The Moral Collapse Of America " pointed out after the interview that " George W. Bush 's religious beliefs are not compatible with evangelical Christianity , " because " Bush has openly said many times that Christians , Muslims and all other religions pray to the same God . "
" Evangelical Christians were conned into thinking that Bush was ' one of them , ' " the Moral Collapse blogger concluded .
" the reality is that he is n't one of them and he never was . "
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Dec. 11 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
What is Cryptol ?
Cryptol is a domain - specific language for specifying cryptographic algorithms .
A Cryptol implementation of an algorithm resembles its mathematical specification more closely than an implementation in a general purpose language .
Here is a comparison of a portion of the SHA - 1 hash function specification and its representation in Cryptol :
Cryptol SHA - 1 implementation
f : ( [ 8 ] , [ 32 ] , [ 32 ] , [ 32 ] ) -> [ 32 ] f ( t , x , y , z ) = if ( 0 <= t ) && ( t <= 19 ) then ( x && y ) ^ ( ~x && z ) | ( 20 <= t ) && ( t <= 39 ) then x ^ y ^ z | ( 40 <= t ) && ( t <= 59 ) then ( x && y ) ^ ( x && z ) ^ ( y && z ) | ( 60 <= t ) && ( t <= 79 ) then x ^ y ^ z else error " f : t out of range "
The Cryptol implementation unambiguously captures both the English description and the mathematical specification below :
SHA - 1 specification
From page 10 of NIST 180- 4 .
LOS ANGELES 
When Ben Silverman , co-chairman of NBC Entertainment and its associated production studio , addressed a meeting of reporters in July , he confidently predicted that “ Heroes , ” the network ’s biggest prime - time drama , was going to get even bigger .
Although the series had been off the air since the writers ’ strike last year , Mr. Silverman said that Tim Kring , the creator of “ Heroes , ” had successfully addressed the problems that had plagued the show ’s second season  confusing plotlines , scattered characters , questionable leaps in logic , all of which led to a shrinking audience from the critically acclaimed first season .
“ We ’re really confident , and we ’re excited to see the audience respond and come back , ” Mr. Silverman said , “ and we think it ’s going to be its biggest year ever . ”
That has not happened .
With ratings for “ Heroes ” down 20 percent from those of a year ago and regular third - place finishes in total viewers for its time slot , NBC took action last week , midway into the show ’s third season .
Two co-executive producers were fired : Jeph Loeb and Jesse Alexander , who also served as senior writers and oversaw much of the script development .
by Joe Thorne
Criticism of Israel is not anti-Semitic , and the vast majority of our movement is not anti-Semitic , but it is a terrible reality that some anti-Semitism has been pulled along in its wake [ 1 ] .
Therefore , we have a duty to acknowledge and oppose this .
In fact , if we do not , we renounce the right to say we are true fighters against the brutality in Gaza .
There have been countless placards equating the Star of David to the Nazi swastika .
( Some of the people doing this may intend nothing bad by it ; but its real meaning is still distasteful , the Star of David is a symbol of the Jewish people , not the state of Israel [ 2 ] ) .
I have a Jewish friend who has been beaten , and many others have experienced violence , insults and spitting .
On the demonstration of Saturday 10th January , to my disgust , I heard one shout of ‘ death to all Jews ’ – although the surrounding crowd immediately booed in response .
We should support the Gazans against Israel ’s murderous assault , not because they are of any particular faith or background , but because they are people .
For the same reason , we must condemn those who few who want to turn a movement against a massacre into a movement for a massacre , or even low - level thuggery .
Assaults on Jewish people , Zionists or not , bring disrepute on our movement ( just as the assaults by right wing Zionist activists on pro-Palestinian demonstrators have brought shame on the other side ) .
Assaults and insults have nothing to do with liberating Palestine .
All they do is harden the sense of isolation experienced by British Jews , and spur the conviction that they must defend themselves at home , and Israel abroad .
Only those who oppose anti-Semitism really support the Palestinians as real , living people , rather than the ‘ Palestinians ’ as an abstract idea with which to beat Israel , or Jews .
Those who really support the Palestinians acknowledge and respect what is human in them ; that is the same thing which is human in all of us .
And those who see this cannot hate any ethnic group .
There are Israeli citizens who would go to prison rather than serve in the occupation forces of Israel , and others who have been shot by the Israeli army protesting with Palestinians .
Some of the best propagandists on behalf of the Palestinian people are Jewish , including Avi Shlaim , Noam Chomsky , Uri Avnery , Adam Keller and Norman Finkelstein – although we may disagree with some of their views .
There were many Jews – and at least one Jewish Israeli citizen – in the crowds besieging the embassy gates last weekend .
There would have been more if our movement did not contain a real strain of anti-Jewish hatred .
It is real .
It is not simply a myth dreamt up by Zionist propagandists , this strain is real .
I have seen it , and though it is a minority trend , it is sickening .
It is cowardice to ignore it .
There are grey areas .
I do not personally think that everyone who waves a Hizbullah flag is necessarily anti-Semitic , because the people who hold these banners do not generally understand , or have not fully considered , the implications of what they are saying .
They may take any number of different positions on what the politics of Hizbullah in fact are .
When people chant ‘ from the river , to the sea ’ , they could mean many things .
Are they , like Hizb ut - Tahrir , in favour of the invading Arab armies crushing Israel ?
Or are they in favour of a one state settlement based on democratic rights for all ?
In fact , most people are probably not that sure .
There is an ongoing contest for the grounds on which these ideas will be understood .
As socialists , I argue we should contend in that .
Many people seem to feel a certain hesitation in speaking out against or confronting anti-Semitism ( right there and then , when it is heard or seen ) , partly because that accusation has been over used by Israeli chauvinists and partly because they are almost shocked into silence .
But we must have courage in our convictions .
Jews , Israelis , all people , must be part of our movement , but there is no place for racism of any kind .
We must offer our solidarity , physical if appropriate , to all Jewish people targeted because of their background ; and should continue to argue for a movement based on the international unity of all those under attack by capitalism , nationalism , and war .
In Isaac Babel ’s words , we should struggle for “ the international of good people ” , not only in defence of Gaza , but in defence of us all .
On this basis , we must continue to involve ourselves in the movement against occupation and massacre in Gaza .
[ 1 ] Technically , Palestinians are ‘ Semitic ’ too : but ‘ anti-Semitism ’ is commonly understood to mean hatred of Jewish people , and I use that conventional understanding here .
[ 2 ]
In any case , the comparison is wrong .
In terms of scale , the Nazis killed hundreds of times as many more people .
Furthermore , while Jewish Israelis are under the influence of the sort of nationalist chauvinism which is common to most wars , including those fought by this country , they are not , in general , tacitly or otherwise , in support of the extermination of an entire people .
To be sure , in a very real way , the Palestinians are dehumanised by many Israelis ; and on some level all nationalisms have features in common ( including those of Britain , Russia , etc. ) .
But Palestinians have not been dehumanised in an equivalent way to the Jews in Nazi Germany ; there is no broad acceptance of a programme for extermination .
These are real , and important differences .
Slogans such as “ Zionism = Nazism ” , or similar , are hysterical , absurd , and prevent us reaching out to everyone who is fond of neither hysteria nor absurdity .
Wingsuit Base Jumping
The three things I want to do before are I are skydiving , base jumping , and scuba diving .
If I went base jumping enough times I would definitely want to try out one of those wing suits .
The footage at 1:30 is unbelievable .
This is the closest humans can get ( at least for right now ) to really flying .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
On a late fall afternoon on the western edge of the Netherlands , coastal engineer Marcel Stive stands atop a 40 - foot dune .
He stares out beyond the posse of wet - suit - clad surfers wading into the breakers of the North Sea .
Where the surfers see inviting waves , Stive sees dry land — and a distant storm .
He points south toward Rotterdam , Europe 's busiest port .
Arm outstretched , Stive rotates 180 degrees to face the shoreline running north .
" As far as you can see , in both directions , we 're going to push the coast out 3 , maybe 4 , kilometers , " he says .
" We have to — to keep the water out . "
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
The dunes here alongside the village of Ter Heijde are among the weakest links in the complex network of natural barriers , dams , levees , canals , pumps , and storm - surge barricades that keep this lowest of low countries dry .
More than half of the Netherlands sits below sea level , and if a megastorm were to break through these not - so - formidable dunes , the water could inundate Rotterdam and surrounding cities within 24 hours , flooding thousands of square miles , paralyzing the nation 's economy , and devastating an area inhabited by more than 2 million people .
For more , visit wired.com / video
Global warming is a cause for serious concern in low - lying countries .
The Dutch are n't waiting for a catastrophe ; they 're taking measures to solve the problem now .
Stive is part of a Dutch team charged with reducing that risk .
Narrowing the gap between the Netherlands and North America by a couple of miles would be a start , and as a bonus it would create valuable new real estate for recreation and development .
Also on the drawing board are massive new storm - surge barriers and reinforcements around cities like Rotterdam and Dordrecht , built on the marshy delta where the Rhine and Meuse rivers meet the sea .
" If you see a certain future , you must react , " Stive says .
And as he sees it , that future looks wet .
Yet the chance of a breach at Ter Heijde is actually quite low , about 1 in 10,000 in any given year .
( In the lingo of storm protection , that 's known as a 10,000 - year flood . )
The coastline and river deltas of the Netherlands are arguably the best - protected lowlands in the world , and the Dutch are a little miffed at Al Gore for suggesting in An Inconvenient Truth that their homeland is as vulnerable to rising seas as far less protected places like Bangladesh and Florida .
To Stive and other sea-rise hawks , however , 1 in 10,000 has become too risky .
They want to crank up defenses in some critical areas to the level of 1 in 100,000 .
" To understand risk , you must consider the value of what would be lost , " says Stive , a pink - faced man of 57 years who heads the coastal engineering and water research centers at Delft University of Technology , just north of Rotterdam .
The half of the country that is below sea level — including the area behind these dunes — generates about 65 percent of its GDP .
That 's nearly $ 450 billion a year .
A deadly flood hit the Netherlands in 1953 , covering more than 600 square miles and killing more than 1,800 people .
Photos : Getty Images
There is , of course , another factor to take into account : Global warming is increasing the odds of a catastrophic breach .
That means the risk calculations need revamping .
New projections of sea - level rise and other potential consequences of climate change , coupled with the aftershock from Hurricane Katrina , have prompted Dutch officials to ask a very big question :
What would it take to climate - proof our country for the next 200 years ?
In 2007 , the parliament assigned a team of experts , dubbed the Delta Committee , to come up with an answer .
The group 's final report , published in September , proposes a combination of aggressive new steps — extending the coastline and building surge barriers — and time - tested strategies like fortifying levees .
The cost : about $ 1.5 billion a year for the next 100 years .
Of course , a 200 - year plan seems absurd .
Two centuries ago , it would have been impossible to predict how civilization and the planet would look today .
But the Dutch insist that the project is prudent and rational .
If they start now , the costs will be minimized and disaster , perhaps , averted .
After centuries of damming , pumping , barricading , and redirecting water , the Dutch water masters are laying the foundations for what may be the most ambitious act of territorial defense in history .
In so doing , they are giving engineers and urban planners from New Orleans to Singapore a preview of what it will take to keep rising waters at bay .
" We have the safest river delta in the world , " Stive says .
And , he adds , they want to keep it that way : " We will completely control the water . "
Floods may be among today 's more ominous climate - driven hazards , but the Dutch know better than anyone that they 're nothing new .
Below a bridge crowded with bicycles in the groovy Amsterdam neighborhood of Jordan , canal boats full of beer - soaked vacationers glide past a heavy black gate .
On the side of the bridge is a small block of white marble , high above the waterline , with a horizontal cut across the middle .
It shows the high - water mark of 1682 and is accompanied by an inscription reading , Zee dyks hooghte zynde negen voet vyf duym voven stadtspeyl .
Translation :
The sea dike level is 9 feet 5 thumbs above city level .
The 327 - year - old gauge is high and dry today because in 1932 Amsterdam 's labyrinth of canals was sealed off from the ocean by the 19 - mile - long Afsluitdijk ( Enclosure Dam ) .
That feat of engineering created Lake Ijssel , one of the largest freshwater lakes in Europe .
It also cut Amsterdam off from tidal changes and storm surges , permanently lowering the city 's waterline .
How to Climate - Proof a Country The Dutch have laid out a 200 - year plan to defend against rising sea levels .
Here 's a look at the major upgrades .
— David Wolman 1 // Raise the Lake
At low tide , the North Sea now drops far enough that gravity can drain excess water from Lake Ijssel .
But that wo n't work if the oceans rise .
The plan : build up the height of the lake 's enclosure and raise the water surface by up to 5 feet .
2 // Extend the Coast
To fend off swelling seas and raging storms , engineers want to push the coastline out by as much as 2.5 miles .
Dredging ships would suck up ocean sand and dump it on the edge of the beach , adding 400 square miles to the country .
3 // Dam the Waters Rotterdam , Europe 's busiest port , is already protected by an extensive network of dams , dikes , and dunes .
The new plan would augment that system , raising the height of existing structures and adding four giant flood barriers .
Infographic : The Department for Information Design at Copenhagen Some 3 billion people — at least half the world 's population — live in coastal areas vulnerable to the worst effects of global warming : harsher storms , rising sea levels , flooded deltas in winter , parched deltas in summer , and less sensational but equally serious problems like salt water infiltration of underground aquifers .
By 2025 , when the human population reaches 8.5 billion , the number of coastal dwellers is expected to be closer to 6 billion .
Success in holding back the sea has earned the Dutch an international reputation as experts in reclamation and flood protection .
But that knowledge has been acquired through painful experience .
In February 1953 , a massive storm surge inundated 600 to 800 square miles of the country , killing 1,835 people .
After the disaster , the government devised a plan so that the people of the Netherlands could confidently say : never again .
The initiative triggered a 30 - year campaign of bulwark construction , known as the Delta Works , to reduce the country 's flood vulnerabilities .
Dams and levees were built to cut tidal areas off from the open ocean , shortening the exposed coastline by nearly 450 miles .
The flagship projects are the 22 - year - old Oosterschelde storm - surge barrier and the 11 - year - old Maeslant barrier , a gate made up of two giant arms , each nearly the size of the Eiffel Tower .
In the event of calamity - level storm waters , the barrier will close off the mouth of the New Waterway leading into Rotterdam .
The megastructures are impressive , but what may prove to be the most visionary aspect of the Delta Works is the statistical approach that guided the designs .
How high should we build the levees ?
How strong should a surge barrier be ?
The Dutch decided to base their answers to these questions not merely on the fact that storms are destructive and the Netherlands low , but also on economics .
With the help of renowned Dutch mathematician David van Dantzig , the 1953 task force calculated safety levels using an equation that is now seared into the minds of Dutch engineers : risk = ( probability of failure ) x ( projected cost of damage )
This kind of risk analysis is common today in fields like nuclear power , aerospace , and chemical manufacturing .
But back in the 1950s , accounting for the projected cost of damage when developing flood protection was novel .
The power of this simple formula is that it produces economically rational public - safety decisions :
Less value , less protection .
Dutch law now requires this principle to be used to determine the strength of flood defenses throughout the country .
Since the dunes at Ter Heijde sit between the sea and a vulnerable but economically vibrant area , a safety level of 1:100,000 is called for .
More rural parts of the country require safety levels of just 1:1,250 or lower .
In a Rotterdam office built atop a levee on the New Meuse river , Cees Veerman is sketching lines on a map of the Netherlands .
A farmer - economist - politician , Veerman is the head of the new Delta Committee .
He was only 4 years old the night of the 1953 flood , but he remembers his grandfather racing into the kitchen to grab a knife .
" He was about to run out and cut the cattle loose and move them to higher ground , " Veerman recalls .
The townspeople in his South Holland village of Nieuw - Beijerland assumed the storm waters would rise gradually .
Instead , a wall of water bulldozed through the dikes .
Their lives were in danger , but there was little to do except pray .
Suddenly , the water level began to drop — their prayers had been answered .
" Everyone was shouting , ' The water is falling ! ' "
It was n't a miracle , though ; the water had merely barreled through the far - side levees , relieving the buildup at the Veerman family farm while inundating areas farther inland .
To climate - proof the Netherlands for the next two centuries , Veerman and his team first needed to gather the best possible data .
Most existing projections of sea - level rise look at the oceans as a whole , not at specific regions .
So the Dutch commissioned their own forecasts .
Developed by some of the engineers and ocean experts on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( the group that shared the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with Al Gore ) , the models predict that the North Sea will rise 40 centimeters by 2050 , between 65 centimeters and 1.3 meters by 2100 , and up to 4 meters by 2200 .
Veerman talks about Dutch can - do the way generals talk about staying the course in a prolonged military battle .
" People say sea - level rise will push us back into the hinterlands , " he says .
" We say no , we can manage with 1 , 2 , even 3 meters .
But we have to act . "
With a black pen , he inks in an expanded coastline on the map laid out before him .
Extending the country westward will be a colossal reclamation effort : Dredging ships , working just offshore , would spend the next century vacuuming up roughly 121 million cubic meters of seafloor sand every year and spraying it toward the shoreline , where wave action would then deposit it at the water 's edge and " naturally " build the beach outward .
Over the course of 100 years , the project would add about 400 square miles to the Netherlands — roughly equivalent to 17 Manhattans .
Next , Veerman sketches in future storm - surge barriers , adds a new channel for diverting the flow of the Lek River , and draws a line connecting a small chain of islands off the northern coast that may someday be linked up to form a giant buffer against the North Sea .
He also circles a swatch of farmland near the confluence of the Rhine and Meuse rivers .
Global warming does n't just bring a threat from the ocean ; greater precipitation in the Alps is expected to increase the amount of water flowing through Europe 's major rivers , raising the flood hazard from within .
Veerman explains how this circled area will be converted back into wetlands , giving the rivers room to flood in a place that makes sense — not downtown Rotterdam .
Then he brings his pen north to Amsterdam .
At present , when water levels in nearby Lake Ijssel get too high , water managers release the excess through the Enclosure Dam and into the sea .
Gravity is currently able to move the water during periods of low tide , when sea level falls below that of the lake .
But that will stop working as the ocean rises .
One option is to pump the water out , but the expense would be prohibitive .
Instead , Veerman wants to raise the level of the lake on pace with the sea , as much as 5 feet by 2100 .
From the air , you can see why this would be a bitter pill for Amsterdam 's booming satellite towns — especially the posh developments along the lakeshore , which would have to be fortified by higher dikes .
But the price tag on the proposed lake project , as much as $ 8.2 billion over the next 100 years , is only a fraction of what it would cost to build and run a pump system or to repair damages if the lake overflowed into 10,000 living rooms .
Today , life around the periphery of Lake Ijssel — and throughout the Netherlands — looks so peaceful , it 's hard to envision disaster .
Because of that , protests seem inevitable .
Environmentalists will no doubt be hostile to the idea of a century - long dredging project , relocated farmers will put up a fight , and condominium owners around the lake may resist anything that interferes with their views .
But Veerman and his colleagues are convinced that bold measures now are necessary to prevent calamity tomorrow .
The wind rips through the dark skies above New Orleans .
Hurricane
Ike is hours from making landfall at Galveston , Texas .
New Orleans should receive only a glancing blow , but residents are hardly at ease : Tropical storm and tornado warnings are expected to last through much of this September afternoon and evening .
Just two weeks ago , Hurricane Gustav forced an evacuation of 2 million people and pushed the city 's unfinished levee system to the brink .
On the east side of the Inner Harbor Navigation Canal , Mathijs van Ledden climbs a muddied slope toward a recently constructed flood wall .
Behind him are the devastated blocks of the Lower Ninth Ward , an eerie mixture of abandoned lots , weed - covered foundations , and a few refurbished or newly built houses .
The canal connects the Mississippi River to the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway and Lake Pontchartrain .
The flood wall was built soon after Katrina , to plug what was one of the most catastrophic failure points along the city 's roughly 350 - mile network of levees and floodwalls .
Van Ledden , an engineer with the Dutch consulting firm Haskoning , has been in New Orleans since 2006 .
His job : Run wave and water models for the US Army Corps of Engineers to help determine the necessary height of new defenses .
Shouting over the wind , Van Ledden , 33 , says a stormy day is ideal for touring the city 's flood - protection maze .
He leans over an older flood wall that runs perpendicular to the new , higher one .
Ike has raised the water level in this canal 5 or 6 feet above normal .
" During Gustav , the level was all the way up to here , " Van Ledden says , placing his hand just below the top of the wall .
" And Gustav was just a friendly wake - up call .
In 50 years , if the sea level goes up 1 or 1 ½ feet , the level for that storm would be here , " he says , holding his hand well above the top of the flood wall .
To make sure that does n't happen , the Corps is planning to build a giant storm - surge barrier between Lake Borgne and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway .
The barrier 's gates would close during extreme storms , blocking lake water from funneling up into this narrow canal .
After Katrina , Congress ordered the Corps to bring the city 's hurricane protection system up to 1:100 levels by 2011 .
If a 1 percent per year chance of system failure sounds high — compared with existing 1:10,000 defenses in the Netherlands — that 's because it is .
" One - hundred - year protection is quite a risk , " Van Ledden says .
Statisticians will tell you that over the course of a 30 - year mortgage , the chance of a 100 - year flood hitting the city is more than 25 percent .
The 1:100 standard takes projected sea - level rise into account , but not economic impacts and repair costs .
( Hurricane Katrina caused upwards of $ 150 billion in damage . )
Putting it in a clear plastic baggie magically makes it safe :
Mind you , I had packed the stuff safely .
It was in three separate jars : one of charcoal , one of sulphur , and one of saltpetre ( potassium nitrate ) .
Each jar was labeled : Charcoal , Sulphur , Saltpetre .
I had also thoroughly wet down each powder with tap water .
No ignition was possible .
As a good citizen , I had packed the resulting pastes into a quart - sized “ 3 - 1 - 1 ” plastic bag , along with my shampoo and hand cream .
This bag I took out of my messenger bag and put on top of my bin of belongings , turned so that the labels were easy for the TSA inspector to read .
Lamborghini presented new car model which is the fastest of all time .
The limited edition Edo Lamborghini LP 710 Audigier , of which only five will be created , is a car engineered to the highest standards , combined with Christian Audigier ’s unusual themes and unparalleled sense of color .
The base car , a Lamborghini Murciélago LP 640 , is totally disassembled .
The adaptations to the engine , aerodynamics , wheels , tires , exhaust system and interior are made to measure at edo competition within a three month time frame .
The name says all and it is really a limited edition .
All of them should acquire a highest speed up to 360 km /h .
The Limited Edition Edo Lamborghini LP 710 Audigier to date comes for a cool € 495,000 ( US $ 692,500 ) .
A volcanic eruption in 2005 displaced thousands of people
Lava flow from a volcanic explosion in Ethiopia 's remote north - eastern Afar region has covered a record area , researchers say .
Satellite photos show the lava covered about 300 sq km ( 115 sq miles ) .
According to Addis Ababa University , Monday 's eruption prompted a minor earthquake , but there were no reported injuries or damage to infrastructure .
When Mount Erta Ale , Ethiopia 's only active volcano , erupted in 2005 , it displaced thousands of people .
It is in the Danakil Depression , one of the lowest and hottest places on earth , which is known for its salt mines .
The trailer for Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun Li. Based on the legendary video game by Capcom , Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun Li brings a new dimension to a world and characters beloved by millions .
Devastated by the kidnapping of her father , Chun -Li takes to the streets of Hong Kong , embarking on an epic quest for justice – and hurtling toward a confrontation with a seemingly unstoppable foe .
AROUND THE WEB
MUMBAI -- India has accused a senior leader of the Pakistani militant group Lashkar - e - Taiba of orchestrating last week 's terror attacks that killed at least 172 people here , and demanded the Pakistani government turn him over and take action against the group .
Just two days before hitting the city , the group of 10 terrorists who ravaged India 's financial capital communicated with Yusuf Muzammil and four other Lashkar leaders via a satellite phone that they left behind on a fishing trawler they hijacked to get to Mumbai , a ...
( CNN ) --
The Food and Drug Administration has begun blocking the import of milk products from China in an effort to ensure that products contaminated with melamine do not enter the U.S. market .
Over 53,000 infants in China were made ill after consuming infant formula containing melamine .
The agency , in an alert posted Wednesday on its Web site , ordered the " detention without physical examination of all milk products , milk - derived ingredients and finished food products containing milk from China due to the presence of melamine and / or melamine analogs . "
The agency listed dozens of products , including cereals , snack foods , cheese , ice cream , carbonated drinks , candy , puddings and pet foods as potentially contaminated with melamine , which is used in the manufacture of plastics and fertilizer .
The agency said it learned in September that more than 53,000 infants in China became sick after consuming infant formula containing melamine .
Nearly 13,000 were hospitalized and at least four died of illnesses involving the formation of kidney stones and crystals and related complications , it said .
It said water is added to milk to increase its volume , and melamine is added to the mixture to boost its nitrogen content so that it appears to contain more protein .
Learn more about chemical melamine »
" These contaminated milk components appear to have been dispersed throughout the Chinese food supply chain , " the agency said .
More than 13 countries in addition to the United States have reported finding contaminated milk products from China , the FDA said .
All About Food Safety • China • Food and Drug Administration
年末になると仕事だけでなくクリスマスや大掃除などで大忙しの毎日だろう。年越しそばを食べた後には、正月ぐらいはゆっくりしようと考えてしまう。しかし、お正月こそ家族全員で遊ぶ絶好の機会なのだ！
お正月となれば、お年玉をあげたり、初詣に行ったり、子供たちと接する時間も長い。せっかく子供たちと一緒にいるのだからその時間を大切にしようじゃないか。
そこで今回は、お正月ならではの遊びにひと工夫して子供たちと一緒に楽しむ方法をご紹介しよう。
子供たちと一緒にたこ揚げをしよう
お正月の遊びと言えば、何を思い浮かべるだろうか？
gooランキングを見てみると、子供のころ好きだったお正月遊びランキング、残したい日本のお正月遊びランキングともに「たこ揚げ」が1位である。
筆者も子供のころ、たこ揚げをやって楽しかった思い出がたくさんある。
夏休みに紹介した紙飛行機もそうだが、子供たちは広い大空に自分で何かを飛ばすことで、自然とふれあっていて心地よいと感じるのかもしれない。
そんなたこ揚げだが、最近ではゲイラカイト（三角形のたこ）が500円ぐらいで売っているので、比較的手軽にたこで遊ぶことができる。しかし、買ったたこをそのまま飛ばしても面白くない。ビジネスパーソンたるもの子供と遊ぶためにはいろんな工夫をして楽しませたいではないか。
そこで、手作りのたこを子供たちと作って、一緒にたこ揚げをしてみることにした。
どんなたこを作るか？―― 「 ぐにゃぐにゃだこ 」
たこといったらどんな形を想像するだろうか？
一般的に飾りなどでよく見るたこは角たこと呼ばれる四角形のものだが、六角形やひし形など形状もいろいろある。また、たこをつなげて飛ばす、連たこも見たり聞いたりしたことがあるだろう。
しかし、このようなたこは手作りすると難しい。骨組みと糸目、帆になる紙などがバランスよく組み合わさっていないとうまく飛んでくれない。そこで今回は子供でも簡単に作れる「ぐにゃぐにゃだこ」と呼ばれるたこを紹介しよう。ぐにゃぐにゃたこは、2本の棒の間にビニールを張るだけの単純な構造なので、初めての人でも失敗することなく作れる。
構造はシンプルで、見た目はあまり飛びそうにもないのだが、実はものすごくよく飛ぶたこなので期待してほしい。
1|2|3|4 次のページへ
Copyright © ITmedia , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
See if this is about right for you :
You start your day working on one project .
An idea hits you , so you start working with that idea .
While working with that idea , another idea hits you and you start working with it .
At the end of the day , you ’ve got a slew of open idea loops – but you still never actually finished the first one you started with .
You frantically write down all of the ideas on your ToDo list and unplug , defeated .
The next day you start the process all over again .
Ain’t being a Creative Giant grand ?!
Project Statuses and Shuffle Overhead
Let ’s change that habit today .
From here on out , I want you to make a commitment to drive a particular creative project to the shareable good enough stage before you start working on another one .
This will be hard , but I ’ll explain why it ’s important that you do so .
For simplicity ’s sake , I ’m going to call ideas that need some work to make them shareable “ projects ” — let ’s not get too wrapped up into whether they require multiple actions or ten minutes or anything like that .
There are only a few statuses that projects can be in :
Active : Projects that you are actively pursuing at the moment .
An active project is one in which the only thing that ’s keeping it from being done is you , for whatever reason that may be .
On Hold :
These projects are waiting on something else .
It could be somebody , some resource ( i.e. money ) , or just the fact that it ’s a project that has stalled to a certain point for whatever reason .
Completed : Self - explanatory .
Dead :
Why have a dead category ?
Because some projects are neither completed , on hold , nor active .
A perfect example is a project that you ’ve decided to abandon .
It ’s important to know what ’s in your project graveyard so you do n’t keep trying to work on it .
This category gives you hard edges ; hard edges can save your sanity .
A Shuffled Project Is n’t Necessarily Closer to Done
Let ’s return to the problem of project shifting .
What happens when you shift projects is that you move the current project from the “ Active ” category to the “ On Hold ” category .
The only way you can complete the now “ On Hold ” project is to switch it back again to the “ Active ” project , at the expense of the other project .
Note that neither project is necessarily closer to completed or dead — they ’ve just been shuffled .
This is displacement at work .
Shuffling projects around means you ’ve worked on them more without being any closer to being done .
( Tweet this . )
What you may not directly realize is the amount of cognitive overhead this shuffling causes .
Each new project adds a bit of overhead , and at a certain point , you spend more time and effort on the overhead than you do on the actual working on the projects .
A symptom of this is unclear To - Do lists , actionable emails that have lost meaning , and plans that no longer grip or relate to the actual active projects you ’re working on .
Project shuffling really gets bad when you think about …
PRODUCTIVE FLOURISHING
Project Inertia
Project inertia is much like physical inertia — a project in motion remains in motion unless acted on by an outside force , and a project at rest remains at rest unless acted on by an outside force .
As you work on a project , you start building momentum .
The ideas flow , the design completes itself , the words write themselves , etc .
During these periods , you may not need planners or a productivity system to keep you working on it — this is the play state that produces that creative euphoria that we yearn for everyday .
What keeps the project going is the amount of energy you put into it .
The second you switch projects , though , the project loses momentum .
If you can get back to it quickly , the loss is insignificant .
But the longer you wait to get back to it , the harder it is to get the project going again .
This is why it ’s so hard to pick up that half - finished creative project after you ’ve left it lay fallow for a while .
You do n’t get to pick it up where you left off — you get to pick it up near the beginning and have to get it going all over again .
This process takes far more energy than it would ’ve taken to keep pushing that half - done project to completion while it had momentum .
Releasing Ideas , Keeping Momentum
Given project overhead and inertia , the worst thing that you can do is work on projects until they ’re over the hump and then put them on hold .
You ’ll have to invest a lot more time and energy recovering those half - done projects than if you would have stalled them earlier in the process .
But the reality of creative work is that you ’ll run into a lot of ideas while working on a particular project .
Some of the ideas will be really valuable , and others wo n’t pan out — but the point is that you ’ll need to capture them one way or the other before they start causing you to lose focus .
You need to dump them and get back to what you were doing so that you do n’t end up losing an hour ’s mojo for a two - minute task .
This is where idea gardens come in — they allow you to have a safe place to quickly put ideas without the idea running off to whatever place lost ideas go .
The trick is to dump the idea with enough information that you can return to it but not so much that it draws you away from your active project .
Using our categories above , you want to shove it into the “ On Hold ” category as quickly as possible so you can get back to your active project .
( For those familiar with GTD , this is nothing new : it ’s just an Inbox . )
Releasing ideas this way allows you to safely capture your thoughts while retaining momentum on the project you ’re working on .
Give yourself a week to stay head - down in a project to finish it while you have inertia on the active project in question .
A week is n’t so long that you ’ll lose inertia on the on hold projects , but long enough that you can make meaningful progress on and potentially finish the one active project .
You may need more time per creative drive or you may need less .
The time is n’t that important — it ’s the balance of inertia that ’s doing the work .
I suspect that as you get better at this , the time you ’ll need to push a project through will become shorter ; anecdotally , I ’ve been honing this process myself and have noted shorter “ discovery to share ” periods .
What About Creative Illumination ?
There are times when you ’re wrestling with a particular idea and ca n’t get it out right .
It seems that my suggestion to drive a project to completion goes against the creative grain , as it were ; sometimes you just ca n’t push past a particular point with an idea .
When you reach that point , the best thing to do is to step away from it and put the project on hold .
Let your subconscious mind work it out , and in the mean time , do something unrelated to that idea .
Exercise , meditate , learn a new skill , or just pick up another project that ’s different enough from the blocked project .
After a certain point , you ’ll have an Eureka !
moment — when that happens , make that project active and drive it to done .
That moment comes with enough energy that you ’ll be able to get the inertia going all over again .
Realistically , though , every idea is not like this .
Most just require pushing through the creative red zone .
Cherish those ideas that cause you to wrestle — they ’re the ones that are the most valuable .
Understand that they may take more time to percolate and let it happen .
This is another benefit of closing project loops as quickly as possible :
You gain more clarity and mental energy such that the hard ideas work themselves out faster .
Inertia and the Holidays
You ’ve no doubt lost some project inertia during the holiday season — you can fight it and beat yourself up , or you can go with it .
This is a great opportunity to choose the project you ’re going to kick out the door and which you ’re going to drop or put on hold .
Make a commitment to drive one project to a certain shareable point in a week ’s time and do it .
At that point , pick another and do it again .
Seriously take a second to think about how much better things would be for you if you got one semi-major creative project done and out the door a week rather than twenty - something half - done in that amount of time .
A bird in hand is better than two in the bush , after all .
Get those ideas out of the bushes of your mind and into the hands of the people waiting to see what you ’ve created !
Bethesda has finally released the dev tools for Fallout 3 , the Garden of Eden Creation Kit , or GECK .
The name takes us back to the heady days of Fallout 2 , while the tools themselves take us into a future filled with pornomachina .
It ’s one of the cardinal rules of such things that if you give people vast powers of creation the first thing they ’ll do is strap huge cocks over everything .
Once that ’s run its course , the more productive among the unruly masses will buckle down and get to cranking out the porn .
The GECK has been available for a bit over a week now , so the first faltering attempts at Fallout 3 nude patches and clothing swaps have been replaced by a more skillful selection of nude patches and sexy mods .
So let ’s get started then , shall we ?
First of the clothing rack , there ’s this pair of cute little undies .
Ever wanted the Vault Boy on your backside ?
It ’s a retexture of another mod , the link to that is included .
Here you go .
How about a topless corset ?
Try these on , in a selection of colours .
There ’s also this charming disarmed slave collar for you to wear , which I for one think is the perfect touch for any outfit .
You ’ll also want to grab an old favourite , the nude painspike armour .
Just begging for an adjustment , really .
Speaking of adjustments , this here underwear pack also makes your character ’s boobs bigger .
Goes from B-cups all the way up to double - D. Rather nice .
You ca n’t just go around in your underwear all the time , though .
That ’s why you ’ll need this sexy sleepwear collection to help get you through the night .
This sleepwear armour patch adds an impressive armour rating to your sexy threads so you wo n’t feel so unprotected out in the big bad world .
Now , if you want to get everyone else around the wasteland into a special something , try this wasteland sexy clothing mod that modifies ordinary NPC outfits into properly tasteless versions .
This nude Fallout 3 armour mod will spread the joy to those NPCs who foolishly insist on wearing bulky armour in your presence .
You might also want to try this sexy armour mod as well .
There are also a slew of mod packs to improve the looks of those NPCs and your own characters .
Why not start off with this eye mod to put some colour in those windows to the soul ?
You ’ll also want to work on the bodies out there , since the standard model leaves alot to be desired .
Try this female body replacer to strip the underwear off those raider girls .
To put some variety into the wasteland honeys , take a look at this racial face replacer pack .
It includes bodies , too , but works best with other better body mods .
Such as this one , the Malos nude body replacer .
Seems popular , many other mods are designed to work with it .
But let us get down to the serious brass tacks .
With a dev editor in the community ’s sweaty and shaking hands , there ’s no reason to stop at simple texture swaps and replacements .
Here is the real meat , the cool stuff people have done to make the wasteland a true paradise of pornomachina .
Like , say , strippers .
Throw on this exotic dancer mod to add some dancing lovelies to Megaton .
You might also like this animation pack with new dances and poses .
If you need some dancers of your own , why , there ’s a new mod for purchasable slaves , which should come in handy , especially with the Slaves Stick Around mod .
You have to put all those new friends somewhere , so why not this personal vault designed to work with your companions ?
As always , we ’ll keep you updated on the latest Fallout 3 nude mods to hit the scene as they appear in the wild .
Happy trails , vault dwellers !
Visit our main page for daily news , videos , and commentary .
Melamine in Chinese - produced milk powder has sickened hundreds of thousands of children and added to a growing list of made - in - China foods banned across the globe .
Now , some scientists and consumer advocates are raising concerns that fish from China may also be contaminated with the industrial chemical .
China is the world ’s largest producer of farm - raised seafood , exporting billions of dollars worth of shrimp , catfish , tilapia , salmon and other fish .
The U.S. imported about $ 2 billion of seafood products from China in 2007 , almost double the volume of four years earlier , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
But industry experts and businesspeople in China say that melamine has been routinely added to fish and animal feed to artificially boost protein readings .
And new research suggests that , unlike in cows and pigs , the edible flesh in fish that have been fed melamine contains residues of the nitrogen - rich substance .
Melamine , commonly used in plastics and dishware , can lead to urinary problems such as kidney stones and even renal failure .
Advertisement
Last year , pet foods made with melamine - laced ingredients from China sickened or killed thousands of dogs and cats in the U.S.
This year , infant formula tainted with the chemical has been linked to illness in 294,000 small children and six deaths in China , according to China ’s Ministry of Health .
In the U.S. , fish from China can be found in the frozen food aisle in supermarkets and is served in posh restaurants .
“ China ’s a big place , and it does a lot of processing , and cheaply too , ” said Brian Dedmon , purchasing manager for the Fish King distribution plant in Burbank .
Fish King , which supplies hundreds of Southern California restaurants and has a store in Glendale , says it buys processed snow crab meat , squid and other seafood from China to meet market demand and because the price is competitive .
Dedmon says the company relies on government inspections , its importers and its own experience to ensure the fish it buys is safe .
Advertisement
“ We ’re definitely concerned about melamine , but by the time the fish gets to us , health issues should ’ve been taken care of by the government agencies and brokers that we go through , ” he said .
Not on the checklist
But even though some U.S. fish importers are voluntarily testing for melamine , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , which is responsible for ensuring the safety of imported fish , currently does n’t require seafood products to be screened for melamine .
Yet research from its own scientists has raised a warning flag .
Laboratory studies of melamine - fed catfish , trout , tilapia and salmon by the FDA ’s Animal Drugs Research Center found that fish tissues had melamine concentrations of up to 200 parts per million .
That ’s 80 times the maximum “ tolerable ” amount set by the FDA for safe consumption .
Advertisement
Iddya Karunasagar , a United Nations fish - product safety expert in Rome , said the FDA ’s research suggested fish would have to ingest large amounts of melamine to pose a health threat to humans , something that he considered unlikely .
But he said there were no data on melamine levels in Chinese - produced fish and animal feed .
Other scientists said testing of melamine in farm - raised fish from China should be made mandatory because of the dearth of information about melamine levels in Chinese feed and fish .
“ That ’s the problem ; no one has a clue how much concentration and for how long ” fish from China have ingested melamine , said Jim Riviere , director of chemical toxicology research at North Carolina State University in Raleigh .
“ There ’s an issue of relative human safety , ” he said .
“ It would be prudent to screen for melamine . ”
An FDA representative in Washington would n’t comment on why Chinese - produced seafood did n’t have to be analyzed for melamine when imported to the U.S.
Nor were FDA researchers made available to comment on their agency ’s findings , reported recently in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry .
Advertisement
Research undertaken by Riviere and others show that melamine in feed consumed by pigs and cows is excreted in the urine or otherwise flushed out , leaving virtually no trace of it in the muscle or meat of the animals .
But fish appear to be different , toxicologists say .
Fang Shijun , who has monitored the melamine problem for several years , says he believes that the adulterated products are being supplied only by small operators , which abound in China .
Like those who added melamine to milk and diluted it with water to increase profit , feed businesses can sell more by substituting melamine for real protein sources , especially with the cost of corn and other raw materials having soared in the last couple of years .
“ It is impossible to calculate how many of them have done that , ” said Fang , manager of feed research at Shanghai EFeedLink Information Technology , an agriculture consulting and research firm .
Advertisement
In the U.S. , aqua - cultured seafood from China can be found in restaurants and in markets that sell frozen shrimp , catfish fillets and roasted eel , among other fish .
U.S. importers such as Boston - based Stavis Seafoods , which sells products under the brand Foods From the Sea , are taking precautions and doing their own testing .
“ It ’s our reputation behind it , ” company Chairman Richard Stavis said .
Thus far , he said , the testing has not turned up melamine in the catfish and tilapia that Stavis buys from China .
U.S. importers have for some years been testing for a variety of antibiotics and substances , including the suspected carcinogen malachite green , which some Chinese fish farms use to control disease .
Since last year , the FDA has been restricting entry of shrimp , catfish , dace , eel and basa from China unless those shipments come with an independent lab report certifying the seafood is free of such additives .
Melamine is n’t included on that list of additives .
Advertisement
The Chinese government , facing increasing pressure from the public , has begun to crack down on melamine suppliers and has widened inspections to include feed .
And many Chinese exporters of farmed fish say government inspectors are coming around more often and examining samples .
But shipments of filthy and contaminated fish from China continue to be detained at U.S. ports , exposing holes in a food - safety system that analysts say is undermined by a lack of resources , corruption and unscrupulous businesses that will sometimes mislabel or reroute goods through other countries .
Last month , 26 containers of shrimp , crawfish , tilapia and other fish from China were refused entry in Long Beach and other U.S. seaports .
Inspectors cited a variety of reasons : salmonella , unsafe additives , unapproved drugs and labeling problems , according to FDA records on its website .
U.S. consumer advocates say the FDA has its own resource issues .
Advertisement
“ They ’re so understaffed at the borders that despite whatever orders they have , we ca n’t be sure that products are n’t just coming through anyway , ” said Jean Halloran , food policy initiatives director for Consumers Union , the publisher of Consumer Reports .
“ We need much better testing , ” she said , including of melamine in fish .
FDA officials last month opened three offices in China , part of a strategy to deploy agency staff in countries where many U.S. foods now originate and where they can work with local inspectors and the industry .
“ We can not inspect our way to import safety ; we have to roll our borders back and work with producers and have [ their products ] certified by people we trust , ” said Michael Leavitt , secretary of the U.S. Health and Human Services Department , under which the FDA operates , during a visit to China last month .
A food - source issue
Advertisement
Karunasagar , the U.N. 's fishery expert , said governments in China and elsewhere needed to tackle the problem at the source .
“ More than the fish , we should monitor melamine in the feed . ”
But that ’s easier said than done .
In the U.S. , commercial fish farms have to use feed from a handful of approved suppliers , but in China , there may be hundreds of thousands of sources for feed , said Steve Dickinson , an American attorney in China ’s coastal city of Qingdao who ran a salmon - farming business in Washington state .
Melamine has “ infected the whole system in China , ” he said .
More than 15 feed suppliers in various parts of China were contacted for this story .
Most of them declined to comment or said they did n’t add melamine .
But some of them said the practice of spiking feed with it had been going on for at least the last six years , with inspectors checking some types of feed products more tightly than others .
Advertisement
“ It is not so regulated , for example , in the fish powder industry , ” said Zhuge Fulai , manager of Lianfeng Protein Feed Plant in Shandong province .
Fang , the feed research manager in Shanghai , said adulterating feed was particularly rampant in 2003 and 2004 .
He doubts that many feed suppliers today are adding melamine , given the awareness and the government ’s publicized crackdown , but neither he nor anyone else thinks the problem has been eradicated .
“ We still need more government supervision , ” Fang said .
“ We need to have more random checks and to fully execute regulations and standards . ”
--
Advertisement
don.lee@latimes.com
tiffany.hsu@latimes.com
The sins of the father afflict unto the next generation .
The Godfather Part III , in which Michael Corleone strives to put the bad old days behind only to see his beloved daughter Mary take an assassin 's bullet in the chest .
In a curious case of life - imitating - art , director Francis Coppola handed the role of Mary to his own cherished offspring , Sofia , and thus delivered her to a storm of bad reviews .
Photograph : Kobal
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
People have all sorts of Jobs This Chap must be mighty brave or just plain daft in his work
People have all sorts of Jobs This Chap must be mighty brave or just plain daft in his work
Well , my goodness .
It looks as though the people in the path of that massive ash spill are going to be , um , immunologically challenged !
Yes , despite offical assurances , it turns out there 's all kinds of nasty stuff in the sludge .
And surprise , surprise - the EPA knew , because they 'd already released a study :
The risk assessment examined 181 coal combustion waste disposal sites throughout the country and found that unlined coal ash waste ponds pose a cancer risk 900 times above what the government considers " acceptable . "
The report also found that coal ash disposal sites release toxic chemicals and metals such as arsenic , lead , boron , selenium , cadmium , thallium , and other pollutants at levels that endanger human health and the environment .
" Clean " coal , huh ?
foaf+ssl : adding security to open distributed social networks
For the " W3C Workshop on the Future of Social Networking " , taking place in Barcelona January 2009
Contributors :
Semantic
Web vocabularies such as foaf permit distributed hyperlinked social networks to exist .
We would like to discuss a group of related ways we are exploring ( mailing list ) to add information and services protection to such distributed networks .
One major criticism of open networks is that they seem to have no way of protecting the personal information distributed on the web or limiting access to resources .
Few people are willing to make all their personal information public , many would like large pieces to be protected , making it available only to a select group of agents .
Giving access to information is very similar to giving access to services .
There are many occasions when people would like services to only be accessible to members of a group , such as allowing only friends , family members , colleagues to post a blog , photo or comment on a site .
How does one do this in a maximally flexible way , without requiring any central point of access control ?
Using an intuition made popular by OpenID we show how one can tie a User Agent to a URI by proving that he as write access to it .
foaf +ssl is architecturally a simpler alternative to OpenID ( fewer connections ) , that uses X.509 certificates to tie a User Agent ( Browser ) to a Person identified via a URI .
However , foaf + ssl can provide additional features , in particular , some trust management , relying on signing FOAF files , in conjunction with set of locally trusted keys , as well as a bridge with traditional PKIs .
By using the existing SSL certificate exchange mechanism , foaf + ssl integrates more smoothly with existing browsers including mobile devices , and permits automated sessions in addition to interactive ones .
The steps in the protocol can be summarised simply :
A web page points to a protected resources using a https URL , e.g .
https://juliette.net/location
The client fetches the secure http URL .
As part of that exchange the server requests the client certificate .
The client returns Romeo 's certificate , containing the little known X.509 v3 extensions section : X509 v3 extensions : ... X509v3 Subject Alternative Name : URI : http://romeo.net/#romeo
Because the connection is encrypted , Juliet 's server knows that Romeo 's client knows the private key of the certificate that is also passed in the certificate Something like : Subject Public Key Info : Public Key Algorithm : rsaEncryption RSA Public Key : ( 1024 bit ) Modulus ( 1024 bit ) : 00:b6:bd:6c:e1:a5:ef:51:aa:a6:97:52:c6:af:2e : 71:94:8a:b6:da:9e:5a:5f:08:6d : ba:75:48:d8:b8 : 01:50:d3:92:11:7d:90:13:89:48:06:2e:ec:6e:cb : 57:45:a4:54:91:ee:a0:3a:46:b0:a1:c2:e6:32:4d : 54:14:4f:42:cd:aa:05 :ca:39:93:9e:b9:73:08:6 c : fe:dc:8e:31:64:1c:f7:f2:9a:bc:58:31:0d : cb:8e : 56:d9:e6:da:e2:23:3a:31:71:67:74:d1:eb:32:ce : d1:52:08:4c : fb:86:0f:b8:cb:52:98:a3:c0:27:01 : 45:c5:d8:78:f0:7f:64:17 : af Exponent : 65537 ( 0x10001 )
Juliet 's server dereferences the URI found in the certificate , fetching a document .
The document 's log : semantics is queried for information regarding the public key published in the X.509 .
If this is successful , the server knows that the client has write access over that resource .
The position of the resource referred to by the URI is checked as to its position in a graph of friends in order to determine trust according to some criteria .
Juliet 's server can get this information by crawling the web starting from her foaf file , or by other means .
Access is granted or denied .
We have tested this on multiple platforms in a number of different languages , ( java , ... ) and across a number of existing web browsers ( Firefox , Safari , more to come ) .
foaf +ssl is one protocol that we would like to concentrate on due to its simplicity .
But there are a number of other ways of achieving the same thing , by using OpenID for example .
All of them require some extra pieces :
An ontology to describe what can be done with the data ( copied , republished , ... ) or what obligations incur in using a service .
An ontology to describe who has access to the service .
This would be useful to help people decide if they should bother trying to access it , or what else they need to do such as become friends with someone , or reveal a bug in the software somewhere .
Other things that might come up .
We will discuss our experience implementing this .
It has been years since groups such as the Montana Militia , the Posse Comitatus and the Sagebrush Rebels , and individuals such as Terry Nichols and Ted Kaczynski have made us wonder why so many " angry white men " populated our rural regions .
Many of us have forgotten the threat once posed by domestic terrorists and instead have turned our attention to foreign terrorists .
But we should never forget that in the late 20th century , ultra-Christian , antistatist and white - supremacist groups flourished in the states of the Pacific Northwest - called by many the " Great White Northwest " - the very region that Sarah Palin and her family call home .
Favorite Answer
... either / this / is a joke , or someone was messing with you .
4 chan is not something you can download , it 's an imageboard for discussing / viewing anime , manga , and hentai .
Try wikipedia next time .
By Evan Ackerman
One way to protect tanks from rocket propelled grenades is passively , by giving them more armor .
A more effective way is actively , but shooting down incoming rounds before they even make it to the vehicle .
It would be great if it were possible to do that with lasers , but it ’s not yet ( although we ’re getting closer ) , so in the meantime the army ’s Future Combat System will use a Quick Kill interceptor , a tiny little missile which pops up , locates the incoming round , orients itself , and fires , detonating the incoming round before it has a chance to strike the vehicle .
Good thing the Russians have n’t already come up with a decoy system …
VIA [ Danger Room ]
Sick of junk mail ?
Pay homage , then , to overstressed , overworked mailman Steven Padgett , who has confessed to a cardinal sin among the letter carriers tribe :
He failed to deliver .
“ Mailman Steve ” -- a pudgy , kindly 58 - year - old who toiled along a route in a rapidly growing neighborhood here -- was given probation in federal court this week for squirreling away at least seven years ’ worth of undelivered junk mail , which he had stacked in his garage and buried in his yard .
According to his attorney , Padgett felt overwhelmed by the torrents of “ direct advertising mail ” he was obligated to deliver as he contended with heart problems and diabetes .
Advertisement
It should come as no surprise that the U.S. Postal Service did not receive a single complaint from Padgett ’s customers about missing mail during the years he withheld pizza circulars , oil change discount notices and Chinese menus .
But when someone noticed bins of mail stacking up , the authorities were alerted , and Mailman Steve was charged with delaying and destroying U.S. mail .
The Postal Service notified hundreds of residents , but only one responded .
That customer , Kenna Reinhardt , wrote not to condemn Padgett but to honor him .
“ Mr. Padgett did not mean harm to any person , rather he overcompensated by doing his job better than anyone , ” Reinhardt said in the letter , which was entered into the record by U.S. Atty .
Josh Howard .
Readers who followed Padgett ’s travails in the pages of the Raleigh News & Observer responded on behalf of a grateful citizenry .
They thanked him for delivering his customers from unwanted mail .
Advertisement
“ That ‘ Mailman Steve ’ should get a commendation , ” Doug Kopp , one of hundreds of people who contacted local news media to praise Padgett , said in a call to the paper .
“ Steve Padgett for President ! ” another reader wrote .
Others offered to help cover Padgett ’s legal fees , to nominate him for awards and to ask that he deliver mail in their neighborhoods , the paper reported .
U.S. District Judge James C. Dever III could have sent Padgett to prison for five years and fined him up to $ 250,000 .
Instead , the judge gave him three years ’ probation , fined him $ 3,000 and ordered 500 hours of community service .
“ Today , you ’ll get credit for a life well lived , ” the judge told the mailman .
Advertisement
Padgett ’s efforts to spare the neighbors their junk mail were not much appreciated by the Direct Marketing Assn .
The 3,400 - member group considers such mail a boon for consumers seeking discounts and services and for small businesses seeking to target customers .
Eight of 10 people actually look at such mail , and a “ large percentage ” take advantage of coupons and discounts , said Sandy Cutts , the association ’s public affairs director .
And please do n’t call it “ junk mail , ” Cutts said .
“ We do n’t use the ‘ J ’ word . ”
The Postal Service also did not look kindly on Padgett ’s failure to deliver the “ standard mail , ” which accounts for half the volume of U.S. mail and a third of the service ’s revenue .
“ We do n’t consider it junk mail , ” spokesman David Partenheimer said -- just as newspapers do n’t consider the ads that flutter out of the daily paper to be junk , he added .
Advertisement
To those on his route , Padgett was the antithesis of the scheming , diabolical mailman , Newman , of “ Seinfeld ” TV fame .
In one famous rant , Newman claimed that mailmen embarked on killing rampages because the relentless volume of mail drove them insane .
“ Because the mail never stops , ” the character sputtered .
“ Every day it piles up more and more , but the more you get out , the more it keeps coming .
. . .
And then it ’s Publisher ’s Clearinghouse day . ”
Padgett , a grandfather of three , welcomed new residents to his route in burgeoning Apex , outside Raleigh , residents told the News & Observer .
He doted on children .
He gave treats to dogs and made sure packages were kept dry on porches .
Padgett was brought down by a utility worker who noticed bins stacked several feet high on the back porch of his home in Raleigh .
Postal authorities found hundreds of thousands of pieces of undelivered advertising , but no first - class mail such as letters or bills .
Advertisement
“ The work ethic that had served him so well . . . may have become his downfall , ” Andrew McCoppin , Padgett ’s lawyer , wrote to the court .
“ If his identity and self - concept was wrapped up in being the ‘ best mail carrier ’ for all of his customers and he could no longer succeed in that role , it would have been terribly difficult for him to admit that failing . ”
The lawyer added : “ In a misdirected effort to continue the illusion of the perfect mailman , he covered up his failure in a manner which probably seemed , at the time , to cause the least harm . ”
In court this week , Padgett apologized to fellow postal carriers for bringing unwarranted scrutiny to their delivery efforts .
He also thanked family members and customers along his route .
Thirty - two people sent letters of support .
“ It buoyed my spirits , ” the mailman said .
Advertisement
Though Padgett is now out of a job , News & Observer reader Bill Clark proposed a new line of work .
“ I ’m wondering if Padgett could get a job within the telephone routing network , ” Clark wrote , “ and screen the many calls I also do n’t care to deal with . ”
--
david.zucchino@latimes.com
High - speed rail advocates in California have long dreamed of the day when bullet trains would revolutionize transportation , and they 're counting on voters to pony up nearly $ 10 billion to bankroll what would be the nation 's first true high - speed rail line .
Proponents have been pushing high - speed rail for 25 years and always fallen short .
But they say a confluence of events – rising fuel prices , gridlocked roads , jammed airports and concern about global warming – present the best chance yet to bring bullet trains to America .
" We have a perfect storm ... those four factors make a perfect case for high - speed rail , " Ron Diridion of the state 's High Speed Rail Authority , recently told the San Francisco Chronicle .
We 've heard this before .
There once was talk of a bullet train between Los Angeles and San Diego , and of a line linking L.A. and Las Vegas .
Both were shot down .
Will things be any different this time , and will America finally follow Europe and Japan in embracing high - speed rail ?
If it does , it will require changing how we live and how our cities grow .
Proposition 1A would authorize $ 9.95 billion in bonds to finance the first phase of an 800 - mile high - speed rail line that would connect the San Francisco Bay Area with Los Angeles .
Several transportation , environmental and business groups say it would offer a faster , cheaper and greener travel while easing the strain on California 's notoriously backed - up highways and airports .
Trains would make the 400 - mile run between the two cities at about 220 mph ( considerably faster than the 150 mph top speed attained by the Acela Express linking Washington , D.C. with Boston ) .
The trip would take about 2 1/2 hours and cost riders $ 55 , according to the High Speed Rail Authority .
The project is expected to cost $ 32 billion , with extensions to San Diego and Sacramento adding another $ 10 billion .
State officials are banking on taxpayers , Uncle Sam and private investors sharing the costs equally .
Construction could begin as early as 2011 and trains might be running by 2020 .
Advocates claim the largest public works project in state history would create as many as 160,000 construction jobs and spur 400,000 more jobs once the system is up and running .
Some opponents warn the final tab could be closer to $ 80 billion .
Regardless of the final cost , taxpayer advocates and the California Chamber of Commerce argue California can't afford it .
Repaying the $ 9.95 billion bond issue over 30 years would cost $ 19.4 billion , with annual payments hitting $ 647 million .
That 's a lot of coin for a state that already spends 6.1 - percent of its budget on debt service .
Opponents also say final tab might be closer to $ 80 billion .
Even some rail advocates and transportation experts say the current proposal would never work .
" It 's technologically impossible to do what the High Speed Rail Authority claims can be done , for any amount of money , " Prof .
James Moore , director of the transportation engineering program at the University of Southern California , told the Los Angeles Times .
" When it comes to predicting the actual cost of systems like this , I just say a zillion and leave it at that . "
Voters may be leery of spending any money , given the state of the economy , the collapse of Wall Street and California 's budget deficit .
And then there 's the fact a Metrolink commuter train crashed in L.A. last month , killing 25 people .
That could make the high - speed line a tough sell .
Of course , it is n't enough to simply build a high - speed rail line .
As the Chronicle notes this morning , if bullet trains are going to work here like they do in Europe and Japan , California – and , by extension , America – must develop and live in denser cities while expanding public transportation .
" It 's a lifestyle change we 're talking about , " Noriyuki Shikata of the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs says .
" It affects how people lead their lives . "
It remains to be seen whether people are pony up for high - speed rail , let alone make the changes that might be needed to ensure its success , but polls show the proposition passing by a slim margin .
Post updated 11:45 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. PST .
Image by California High Speed Rail Authority .
Personal Statement of an Anonymous NSA Applicant
2 November 2008
First polygraph ( for pre-hire with NSA ) : Flew to D.C. , stayed at Marriott Hotel .
In the morning , I was bussed over to the NSA location with many other applicants .
After arriving , I easily passed the psychological test and cross examination .
I then had an interview with Human Resources .
I passed everything easily , and I figured that I would have nothing to worry about the polygraph the following day .
The next day , I arrived early and was able to take the polygraph exam early .
I was sent back to one of the polygraph rooms for examination .
I was asked the espionage questions and then the serious crime questions , but apparently I am a spy because I could not pass the espionage question .
By the way , I had just graduated from college , so I had not had time to be a spy yet .
I also could not pass the question about having committed a serious crime .
I was kept in the exam room for approximately three hours before they told me that I had not passed .
Second polygraph : Flew back to D.C. , took the polygraph again .
This time , I was seriously considering using the antipolygraph tricks to get through the test , but I figured that if I had been truthful up to this point then I should just continue and it would help me .
This was a mistake , I was 100 % truthful about everything ( sexual habits , drinking habits , drugs , etc. ) , and still they did not believe that I was telling the truth about the espionage and serious crime questions .
I failed the exam again after four hours of being interrogated .
Third polygraph :
Once again , I flew back to D.C. to take the polygraph again .
Obviously , I really wanted the job .
I once again considered using the antipolygraph tricks to get through the test , but decided that once again I would tell the truth .
I also decided that if I told them that I knew about the tricks , then it might help me .
I was wrong on that too , because once I told them that I knew of the tricks and I knew how the polygraph worked , then they suspected me of using the tricks to bypass the test !
Even though they told me that they did not work ( yeah , right ) , they still believed that my results were close to results from someone who would be using the tricks to get past the test .
All in all , I am glad that I had the experiences of the polygraphs to get everything off of my chest .
I am now glad that I did not get the job after all , because I would have had to undergo another of these interrogations every five years .
If they now believe that I am a spy who committed serious crimes , then what will they do if I can't pass it in five years ?
The polygraph that the NSA uses is seriously outdated and inaccurate .
Is teasing good for us ?
The New York Times thinks so .
But does Tatum Bass ?
She just got kicked out of her fancy boarding school because the popular girls did n't like her prom planning .
That 's what the New York Post is reporting today , at least .
The girl , a Miss Porter 's School student athlete from Beaufort , SC was harangued by a group of 13 mean girls into a terrible spiral of anxiety and despair , causing her to cheat on tests and skip classes to stay afloat and sane , which eventually got her expelled from the $ 43,000 per year lycée .
The former honors student had never displayed these untoward tendencies until the social clique , named after an old Russian death squad apparently , decided that she was being too uppity about the biggest , most important , most let 's - invite - those - baby - faced - boys - boarding - school - date - rapists - and - wear - nice - dressesest night of the year .
As Dr. Spock recedes in the rear window , fading to pebble size , our children continue to be more and more coddled .
Didja hear ?
What ruined , flabby , protected little simps they are , right ?
Anticipating a backlash to the whole sissy kid trend , I guess , the Times has now urged us that teasing and status negotiations are good , natural , enriching parts of the human experience .
So why the heck then ( wo n't someone think of the wolves ! ) the article smart - assedly asks , are schools cracking down with zero tolerance policies ( in the wake of teeny , tiny little hiccups like the Columbine massacre ) and companies imposing mean old sexual harassment rules ?
Well , I think it 's because , yes , maybe we are coddling kids a bit too much , but there 's a line and there 's an across - the - line that 's increasingly easier to get to and unfortunately , character building as it may be , some people go through unnecessary hell as youngsters .
Ms. Bass and her parents are suing the Farmington , Conn. , institution , hoping to get Bass ( like in Gossip Girl ! ) reinstated at the school and maybe , you know , some sweet ass damages money .
I wonder , Dacher Keltner ( who wrote the odious Times article that you really should read if you have n't gotten super angry yet today ) , what do you make of all this ?
Is this a story of the bad " bullying " you talk about , versus the all - important hierarchy - shaping " teasing " that you so praise ?
And , more importantly , I wonder : when you 're an anxious , self - conscious sixteen - year - old what the fuck , dear sir , is the fucking difference ?
Listening to music through earphones at high volumes can damage hearing
One in 10 people with personal MP3 or CD players could suffer permanent hearing loss because their music is too loud , according to an EU study .
Scientists say those who listen at high volume for more than one hour per day over five years risk permanent harm .
They say up to 10 million people across Europe , including many children and adolescents , could be affected .
The European Commission will now look into whether technical improvements could minimise hearing damage .
Between 50 and 100 million people are estimated to use personal music players on a daily basis .
The Commission asked the independent committee to conduct the study because of concerns over widespread use of music players among young people .
EU safety standards restrict the noise level of personal music players to 100 decibels but there is increasing concern about excessive exposure to music at high volumes .
Many listeners turn up the volume above harmful levels of over 89 decibels to block out noise from traffic or public transport .
Irrevocable damage
The EU Scientific Committee on Emerging and Newly Identified Health Risks concluded that between five and 10 per cent of listeners , equating to 2.5 to 10 million people , could be at risk .
EU Consumer Affairs Commissioner Meglena Kuneva , said , " I am concerned that so many young people , in particular , who are frequent users of personal music players and mobile phones at high acoustic levels , may be unknowingly damaging their hearing irrevocably . "
The Commission will now look into whether technical improvements could minimise hearing damage and consider changes to safety standards to protect youngsters .
Last year , the Royal National Institute for Deaf People found more than half of young people who use MP3 players listen for longer than that .
It tested the volume levels of 110 listeners and found 72 were above 85 decibels .
Richard Seymour is a writer better known , through one of those pseudonyms that throw employers off the scent of those blogging in work time , as " Lenin " .
The gall of the name gives a hint of the sly wit of his blog , Lenin 's Tomb , which has since 2003 been the online left 's most con sistent , trenchant and mordantly funny source of information and polemic , besides offering excursions into history and political philosophy .
" The Tomb " has been noted for attacks on the " pro-war left " , those liberals and ex-socialists associated with various convocations - the blog Harry 's Place , the Euston Manifesto - which argue that the " Islamofascist " enemy must be fought by any means necessary .
Essentially , this is the subject of Seymour 's first book .
The Liberal Defence of Murder would have been enjoyable enough as a cut - and - paste collection of tidied - up Tomb posts , but over and above this it is a freshly written , heavily footnoted and clearly obsessively researched history of 400 years of the " decent left " , from the Glorious Revolution of 1688 to Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003 .
This leads to minor flaws .
The transfer from Seymour 's pugilistic and waspish blogging manner to a more sober historical account leads to a slight loss of stylistic panache .
The moralistic title is also unfortunate .
Nonetheless , these are small gripes - Seymour overwhelmingly manages the transition from blogger to historian with great assurance .
Although by its own account the pro-war left emerged as a reaction to 11 September 2001 , thereby " changing everything " , Seymour restores a welcome sense of historical perspective to a discussion that too often shelters inside the shrill bubble of the media .
The overarching concern of this book is with the intellectual apologias for capitalist expansion and empire that have existed since the very inception of capitalism , whereby the barbarities of imperialism are justified with recourse to the need for civilising the barbarians - the recent pro-war left being seen as an extension of this , not as a new development .
The first chapter is concerned with how certain Enlightenment thinkers refused to extend their project to " savages " , and so we begin with the theoretical subordination of humanity to imperial property by Grotius and Locke .
The concentration on ideas and thinkers is never empiricist anti-intellectualism :
Seymour explains that others , such as Immanuel Kant , were far less convinced of imperialism 's murderously civilising influence .
The vicious imperialism of the 19th century is found to be the heyday of an enthusiastic , if rhetorically tortuous intellectual imperialism , exhibited by " humanitarians " such as John Stuart Mill and Alexis de Tocqueville .
The account makes clear the fit between rhetoric and a reality of starvation and exploitation .
The democratic ideal , it argues , curdled into " Herrenvolk ( master race ) democracy " solely for the conquerors , simultaneously pioneering a pseudo - scientific racial theory .
Even socialism , particularly in its more gradualist , reformist version , was not immune to an affection for the imperial bloodbath .
The Fabians and the Labour Party ( with noble exceptions such as Keir Hardie ) were very seldom opponents of empire or of war .
This combination of " pragmatism " and acquiescence or participation in the most senseless slaughter reached , in Seymour 's account , a bloody apotheosis in the First World War , enthusiastically supported by the German Social Democrats .
By contrast , the early Communist parties were unique in their principled opposition to the Great Game , at least until the sordid Comintern politicking of the 1930s .
Through these analyses , Seymour makes clear that , in keeping with George Orwell 's 1939 essay , the rhetoric of European liberalism always carried the unspoken clause " Not Counting Niggers " .
The chapter " Creating an Imperial Constitu ency " notes how the US consciously inherited the imperial mantle in the name of " progressivism " .
After 1945 a body of reliable liberal opinion willingly excused such events as the anti-democratic coups in Iran and Guatemala , via invocations of liberalism , human rights and the natives ' alleged inability to govern themselves .
Yet another chapter involves an intriguing discussion of the much - mythologised neoconservatives .
Charting the derivation of some neocons from an American post - Trotskyist milieu , Seymour makes clear that the notion of the neocons as a sinister intellectual cabal is an anti-intellectual overstatement .
Rather , they were just the most recent and vociferous of generations of allegedly rationalist enthusiasts for blood and soil , from Heidegger to Leo Strauss .
There is a concluding analysis of the recent pro-war left , from those preposterous ex-Maoists , the nouveaux philosophes , to Paul Berman ( whom we first meet writing in defence of the CIA 's Nicaraguan death squads ) , Michael Ignatieff and Christopher Hitchens , cheerleading wars in Yugoslavia , Afghanistan and , above all , the gro tesque catastrophe in Iraq .
Nonetheless ,
The Liberal Defence of Murder is probably more valuable as history than as polemic .
It delves into areas that are usually politely ignored , carefully uncovering liberalism and reformism 's own shameful record of collaboration with mass murder .
Besides , if ( as seems likely ) the new US Democratic administration rehabilitates " humanitarian " imperialism , this book will be essential reading as a reminder of previous form .
Many who just graduated from college have a huge financial burden in paying back student loans .
Add in car payments , rent , food , and utilities , the financial weight can be stressing .
It 's a good idea to examine options that could help relieve some of our financial burdens .
In this article , it 's about the student loans .
More specifically , it 's about private or federal student loan consolidation .
In order for colleges and universities to secure loans for a qualified student , they had to use several sources .
One bank does not typically issue an entire 4 - year loan or even a 1 - year loan .
Usually , it takes multiple banks or educational lenders to pay for a student through college .
That is why you 're writing several checks a month when paying student loans .
Of course , these loans carry with it different interest rates and different billing cycles .
They may also have different borrowers benefits .
You do n't have to be in a financial trouble in order to consider a private or government student loan consolidation .
Sometimes , it 's just smart money management .
On May 24 , 2002 , Agency officers dedicated the Route 123 Memorial to two fallen colleagues .
The Memorial is located on the west side of the Virginia Route 123 entrance ( alongside the outbound right lane ) .
For many CIA employees , waiting for the left turn light at the main entrance of the compound brings to mind the day when terror came to CIA ’s doorstep .
On January 25 , 1993 , at 10 minutes before 8 a.m. , a man named Aimal Kasi used an AK - 47 assault rifle to fire into the cars waiting in the two left turn lanes , killing two CIA employees : Lansing Bennett , a medical doctor in the Directorate of Administration ( now Directorate of Support ) , and Frank Darling , a communications engineer .
Their stars are on the Agency ’s Memorial Wall .
Three other CIA employees were wounded .
The shooting started a manhunt that lasted for four years .
A Devastating Attack
For his attack , Kasi used an assault rifle he purchased locally .
After firing at several cars , he calmly drove off .
Surprised that he was not immediately apprehended , Kasi returned to his apartment , packed , and flew back to his family home in Quetta , Pakistan .
His family bought protection for their son from an Afghan warlord and smuggled him across the border into Afghanistan .
At the time of the shootings , U.S. officials knew nothing of Kasi 's identity or affiliations .
Authorities identified Kasi as the shooter several days later , after his roommate filed a missing person 's report with local police .
Soon after , the FBI placed Kasi on the Most Wanted List , while the State Department posted a $ 2 million dollar reward for his capture : it was later increased to $ 3.5 million .
Yet , for four years , various plans to locate , track , and capture Kasi failed .
The Capture
As the years passed , Kasi assumed the United States had forgotten about him and began leaving Afghanistan to visit friends in Pakistan .
On June 15 , 1997 , acting on an informant 's tip , a combined FBI and CIA team lured Kasi to a meeting in the Dera Ghazi Khan District of Punjab , Pakistan to work out details of a supposed business venture involving smuggled arms and electronics .
As the plan unfolded , CIA headquarters established radio contact with a Chevy Suburban containing a joint CIA - FBI team sitting outside of a Chinese restaurant and hotel where Kasi waited to meet his alleged new business partners .
The appointed 4 p.m. meeting time came and went , as Acting DCI George Tenet anxiously awaited word .
At 4:30 , according to one account , the radio cracked " Base , base , this is Red Rover .
The package is aloft , the package is aloft . "
Kasi was in American hands .
Within moments ,
Tenet phoned the families of Kasi 's victims .
Tenet made a public announcement of the arrest two days later praising the four - year effort — and ultimate success — of the CIA , FBI , and State Department .
Justice and Closure
The Justice Department decided that local authorities in Fairfax County should try Kasi on capital murder charges since federal law did not then provide for the death penalty for terrorist acts .
In court , Kasi acknowledged his role in the shootings , but pleaded not guilty .
Convicted after a jury trial , Kasi received the death penalty , carried out by lethal injection at the Virginia State Penitentiary in Jarratt on November 14 , 2002 .
A permanent memorial to Frank Darling and Lansing Bennett was erected in May 2002 near the site of the shootings on Route 123 .
Put a Ring on It : What to Do When Your iPhone Is Not Ringing
Smartphones , no matter how solidly built like the iPhones , experience glitches every now and then .
One worrisome example is when your iPhone is not ringing .
That ’s clearly a grave issue because you ’ll miss out on important calls .
How do you solve this problem ?
So , what to do when your iPhone is not ringing ?
Do n’t panic .
Instead , examine if your iPhone has been turned to silent .
Look at its side and an orange stripe showing on the ringer button indicates that the phone is set to mute .
Flip the switch off and adjust the volume accordingly .
Is your iPhone on Do Not Disturb mode ?
Shown as a moon icon on your screen , you wo n’t receive any calls and other alerts ( the screen wo n’t light up when it is locked ) .
It ’s a useful setting when you are in an important meeting but be sure to turn it off or tweak it by going to Settings > Do Not Disturb .
The friend who tried to call you but said you wo n’t pick up should be able to contact you unless he or she is on your blocked list , right ?
To check , go to Settings , then Phone , and go to Call Blocking & Identification .
From here , you can unblock that friend ’s number .
Speaking of that friend , have you assigned him or her a custom ringtone ?
That ringtone might be corrupted and cause your iPhone to not ring .
Head out to Settings , tap Sounds , select Ringtone to change the specific ringtone .
It never hurts to check your iPhone settings .
Doing any of the above steps is precautionary and might save you dollars and a trip to the nearest service center .
Lastly , turn off your iPhone and turn it on – it remains one of the most foolproof solutions to bring your phone back to working order .
When the Tuskegee Airmen , the all - black force of elite pilots , emerged from combat in World War II , they faced as much discrimination as they had before the war .
It was not until six decades later that their valor was recognized and they received the Congressional Gold Medal , the highest civilian honor Congress can give .
Now , the roughly 330 pilots and members of the ground crew who are left from about 16,000 who served are receiving another honor that has surpassed their dreams :
They are being invited to watch the inauguration of Barack Obama as the country ’s first black president .
“ I did n’t believe I ’d live long enough to see something like this , ” said Lt. Col .
Charles A. Lane Jr. , 83 , of Omaha , a retired Tuskegee fighter pilot who flew missions over Italy .
“ I would love to be there , I would love to be able to see it with my own eyes , ” he said , chuckling on the phone as he heard about the invitation .
But , he said , he had a “ physical limitation ” and was not sure he would be able to attend .
In the end , the shame of Vice President Dick Cheney was total : unmitigated by any notion of a graceful departure , let alone the slightest obligation of honest accounting .
Although firmly ensconced , even in the popular imagination , as an example of evil incarnate — nearly a quarter of those polled in this week ’s CNN poll rated him the worst vice president in U.S. history , and 41 percent as “ poor ” — Cheney exudes the confidence of one fully convinced that he will get away with it all .
And why not ?
Nothing , not his suspect role in the Enron debacle , which foretold the economic meltdown , or his office ’s fabrication of the false reasons for invading Iraq , has ever been seriously investigated , because of White House stonewalling .
Nor will the new president , committed as he is to nonpartisanship , be likely to open up Cheney ’s can of worms .
Cheney has even had a pass on torture , the “ enhanced interrogation ” policy that he initiated in his first months in office .
“ Was it torture ?
I do n’t believe it was torture , ” he told The Washington Times on Monday , a week after the release of a unanimous Senate report concluding that the policies Cheney initiated indeed were responsible for torture .
In fact , the Senate committee concluded that the model for the Cheney - Bush interrogation policy was the torture practices of the Chinese communists during the Korean War .
But it ’s not torture when the U.S. president does it , according to the legal judgments that Cheney ’s chief counsel , David Addington , pushed through the administration .
Fortunately , Cheney ’s view of the unquestioned unitary power of the presidency was scorned by Vice President - elect Joe Biden : “ His notion of a unitary executive ” Biden said , “ meaning that , in time of war , essentially all power , you know , goes to the executive I think is dead wrong . ”
With Biden occupying Cheney ’s old office and presumably his secret bunkers as well , maybe we will , at last , learn a bit more of the nefarious truth about the man .
One place to start is with the statement of retired U.S. Army Col.
Larry Wilkerson , who was Colin Powell ’s chief of staff and who stated unequivocally that Cheney was the primary author of the torture policy : “ There ’s no question in my mind where the philosophical guidance and the flexibility in order to do so originated — in the vice president of the United States ’ office . ”
That lame - duck Cheney was bellowing his claim of innocence in a series of friendly interviews should have been expected .
For he , like the president he served , can use the self - proclaimed “ global war on terror ” as a convenient cover for eight years of treachery on all fronts :
“ If you think about what Abraham Lincoln did during the Civil War , what FDR did during World War II ; they went far beyond anything we ’ve done in a global war on terror . ”
Actually , neither of those presidents authorized the waterboarding of prisoners or the other explicit acts of torture approved by this administration largely under the vice president ’s direction .
But the true absurdity of Cheney ’s self - defense is in placing the nebulous war on terror at the same level of threat as the civil war that tore apart this country or the Nazi military machine that rumbled unstoppable across most of Europe , augmented by the military might of Japan .
The invocation of a “ global war on terror ” is a big - lie propaganda device that has no grounding in reality .
The proof that “ terrorism ” does not exist as an enemy identifiable by commonality of structure , purpose and leadership comparable to the World War II Axis or the Confederacy can be found in its use as a target to justify the invasion of Iraq .
An invasion billed as a response to the 9/11 attacks , which had nothing to do with Iraq .
The Bush administration , with Cheney in the lead , did not so much fight the danger of terrorism as exploit it for partisan political purpose .
The record is quite clear that the administration was asleep at the switch before 9/11 , blithely ignoring stark warnings of an impending attack .
But the hoary warmongering after 9/11 afforded a convenient distraction from the economic problems at home .
As I asked in a column on June 26 , 2002 : “ Has the war on terrorism become the modern equivalent of the Roman circus , drawing the people ’s attention away from the failures of those who rule them ?
Corporate America is a shambles because deregulation , the mantra of our president and his party , has proved to be a license to steal . ”
That is the true legacy of Dick Cheney and the president he ill - served .
Robert Scheer is editor in chief of Truthdig and author of a new book , “ The Pornography of Power : How Defense Hawks Hijacked 9/11 and Weakened America . ”
日本テレ ビ 「未来創造堂」で、元猿岩石の有吉氏が、「ケンタッキーフライドチキン茶漬け」が大好きという話をしているのを聞いて、異様にやってみたくなった。
ちなみに、有吉氏オススメの食い方は、
チキンは、ほぐさずに丸のままゴハンの上にのせる。
濃いめのお茶を、（チキンの上からではなく）、チキンにかからないように脇から注ぐ。
食ってるうちに、お茶がだんだんチキンの味になってくるので、お茶だけ飲み干して、新鮮なお茶を継ぎ足す。
Well , this is one effect of the housing meltdown I did n't see coming — a resurgence of hardcore sk8 culture .
Skaters in Southern California are repurposing dried - out pools in the backyards of abandoned , foreclosed homes , cleaning them out and transforming them into illicit skate parks .
Let a thousand reverse ollies bloom .
Snip from New York Times article by Jesse McKinley and Malia Wollan :
In these boom times for skaters , [ a 27 - year old Fresno skateboarder whose alias is Josh ]
Peacock travels with a gas - powered pump , five - gallon buckets , shovels and a push broom , risking trespassing charges in the pursuit of emptying forlorn pools and turning them into de facto skate parks .
" We can just hit them back to back , " said Mr. Peacock , who preferred to give his skateboarding name because of the illegality of his activities .
Skaters are coming to places like Fresno from as far as Germany and Australia .
Mr. Peacock said his floor and couch were covered by sleeping bags of visiting skateboarders each weekend .
Some skateboarders use realty tracking sites like realquest.com and realtor.com to find foreclosed houses with pools , while others trawl through satellite images from Google Earth .
On the Web site skateandannoy.com , where skaters trade tips about how to find and drain abandoned pools , one poster wrote about the current economic malaise .
" God bless Greenspan , " the post read , " patron saint of pool skatin ' . "
Nearly half of all primate species are now threatened with extinction , according to an evaluation by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
The study , which drew on the work of hundreds of scientists and is the most comprehensive analysis for more than a decade , found that the conservation outlook for monkeys , apes and other primates has dramatically worsened .
In some regions , the thriving bushmeat trade means the animals are being " eaten to extinction " .
The 2007 IUCN " red list " has 39 % of primate species and sub-species in the three highest threat categories - vulnerable , endangered and critically endangered .
In today 's revised list , 303 of the 634 species and sub-species - 48 % - are in these most threatened categories .
The two biggest threats faced by primates are habitat destruction through logging and hunting for bushmeat and the illegal wildlife trade .
" We 've raised concerns for years about primates being in peril , but now we have solid data to show the situation is far more severe than we imagined , " said Dr Russell Mittermeier , the chairman of the IUCN Species Survival Commission 's primate specialist group and the president of Conservation International .
" Tropical forest destruction has always been the main cause , but now it appears that hunting is just as serious a threat in some areas , even where the habitat is still quite intact .
In many places , primates are quite literally being eaten to extinction . "
The picture in south - east Asia is particularly bleak , where 71 % of all Asia primates are now listed as threatened , and in Vietnam and Cambodia , 90 % are considered at risk .
Populations of gibbons , leaf monkeys and langurs have dropped due to rapid habitat loss and hunting to satisfy the Chinese medicine and pet trade .
" What is happening in south - east Asia is terrifying , " said Dr Jean - Christophe Vié , the deputy head of the IUCN species programme .
" To have a group of animals under such a high level of threat is , quite frankly , unlike anything we have recorded among any other group of species to date . "
In Africa , 11 of 13 kinds of red colobus monkey have been listed as critically endangered or endangered .
Two - Bouvier 's red colobus and Miss Waldron 's red colobus - may already be extinct .
Overall , 69 species and sub-species ( 11 % of the total ) are considered critically endangered , including the mountain gorilla in central Africa , Tonkin snub - nosed monkey in Vietnam and grey - shanked douc langur from Asia .
In the endangered category are another 137 species and sub-species ( 22 % ) including the Javan gibbon from Indonesia , golden lion tamarin from Brazil and Berthe 's mouse lemur from Madagascar .
Species are judged to be in these categories if they have a small population size , are suffering rapid population declines and have a limited geographic range .
The apparent jump in the numbers of threatened primates from 39 % to 48 % has not in reality happened in the course of one year .
The major new analysis has filled in missing data that was not available previously , according to Michael Hoffman at Conservation International .
The last major assessment was carried out in 1996 .
" The situation could well have been as bad as this , say , five years ago , we just did n't know .
But now we have a much better indication of the state of the world 's primates - and the news is not good , " he said .
The review , which is funded by Conservation International , the Margot Marsh Biodiversity Foundation , Disney 's Animal Kingdom and the IUCN is part of an unprecedented examination of the state of the world 's mammals to be released at the IUCN World Conservation Congress in Barcelona in October .
However there was some good news for primates .
In Brazil , the black lion tamarin has been brought back from the brink of extinction and shifted from the critically endangered to endangered category .
This is the result of a concerted conservation effort which has also benefited the golden lion tamarin - it was downlisted to endangered in 2003 .
" The work with lion tamarins shows that conserving forest fragments and reforesting to create corridors that connect them is not only vital for primates , but offers the multiple benefits of maintaining healthy ecosystems and water supplies , while reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change , " said Dr Anthony Rylands , the deputy chair of the IUCN primate specialist group .
The scientists also came close to downlisting the mountain gorilla to endangered following population increases in their forest habitat that spans the borders of Rwanda , Uganda and Democratic Republic of Congo .
However , political turmoil in the region and an incident in which eight animals were killed in 2007 led to the decision to delay the planned reclassification .
Primates under threat
There are 634 species and sub-species of primate including apes , monkeys , tarsiers and prosimians .
Of these , 69 are now categorised as critically endangered , 137 as endangered , 97 as vulnerable and 36 as near threatened .
In Africa , 63 species or subspecies are in the top three categories ( 37 % of African primates ) .
The new assessment moved L'Hoest 's monkey ( Cercopithecus l'hoesti ) , which is found in Nyungwe National Park , Rwanda , from vulnerable to endangered , for example .
In Asia , 120 species or sub-species are threatened ( 71 % ) .
The grey - shanked douc langur ( Pygathrix cinerea ) in Vietnam has been moved from endangered to critically endangered .
In Madagascar , 41 species and sub-species are threatened ( 43 % ) .
The black - and - white ruffed lemur , ( Varecia variegata ) for example , was endangered and is now considered critically endangered .
In Mexico , south and central America 79 species and sub-species are listed as threatened ( 40 % ) .
The cotton - top tamarin ( Saguinus oedipus ) is now critically endangered , but was endangered .
Skip to comments .
McCain " Calms the Crowd " at Minnesota Town Meeting
Posted on by Sibre Fan
click here to read article
To : Sibre Fan
John McCain is a fornicating idiot .... I had over 200 missions in Vietnam ..... scared shitle$ $ of being shot down and taken a prisoner .... now I really know why ... they take your brain away !!
by 41 posted onby RVN Airplane Driver ( " To be born into freedom is an accident ; to die in freedom is an obligation .. )
To : Brian S. Fitzgerald
I ’m watching him say it now !
To : goldstategop
He must be thinking of all the reacharounds he ’s gonna ’ miss .
To : Sibre Fan
McCain is an ass !
It 's up to us to drag him kicking and screaming across the finish line .
Then it 'll be up to us to keep him from screwing up , but Gov. Palin will help in that respect too .
by 44 posted onby Slump Tester ( What if I 'm pregnant Teddy ?
Errr-ahh - Calm down Mary Jo , we 'll cross that bridge when we come to it )
To : Sibre Fan
John McCain : “ Ca n’t we all just get along ” .
LOL
by 45 posted onby Reagan Man ( " In this present crisis , government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem . " )
To : Brian S. Fitzgerald
It ’s on the news right now .
To : Sibre Fan
To : Brian S. Fitzgerald
Yeah - was wondering , but it ’s now showing up on multiple political blogs
http://www.politico.com/blogs/bensmith/1008/McCain_calls_Obama_decent_person_is_booed.html
http://www.boston.com/news/politics/politicalintelligence/2008/10/mccain_gets_a_l.html — and more - but ca n’t find video to confirm yet .
To : Sibre Fan
McCain just can not believe that Obama is the kind of man Obama really is .
McCain can't believe that the US would make such a man its President .
So he soft peddles the enormity of Obama ’s radical ties and allies , his corruption , his storm trooper tactics .
Many Americans can clearly see Obama for what he is .
Tragically , the Republican candidate for President can not .
To : Aggie Mama
You know - he does n't to offend his precious moderates and independents .
The red meat stuff he leaves up to Sarah .
He wants to be the good cop .
" Show me just what Mohammed brought that was new , and there you will find things only evil and inhuman , such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached . "
- Manuel II Palelologus
by 50 posted onby goldstategop ( In Memory Of A Dearly Beloved Friend Who Lives In My Heart Forever )
To : housedeep
I agree with you .
McCain cannot be seen as unprofessional and un-presidential .
Attack BO ’s ideas and associations .
There is so much wrong right there , Mc Cain has no need to attack him personally .
by 51 posted onby antceecee ( McCain ~ Palin '08 !!!!!
May
God have mercy on us and protect us from evil . )
To : Brian S. Fitzgerald
I just saw it .
McCain sucked the air right out of the whole damn rally .
by 52 posted onby 38 special ( I mean come on . )
To : Aggie Mama
I dont think McCain wants to win anymore .
I have never had the feeling that he ever wanted to win .
To : Sibre Fan
The MSM is running a story saying that the fired up crowds coming to see McCain or Palin speak are " an angry mob " and are " putting the swing voter off the GOP " because no one on the fence is going to be swayed by an angry unruly mob .
... So why do you think the MSM is delivering that message ?
Because an energized GOP scares the living heck out of them , that 's why .
Let 's stay FIRED UP !
To : ladyvet
I saw the whole thing .
It was pitiful .
4 or 5 speakers BEGGED him to FIGHT in the 3rd debate .
3 or 4 times , he asked the crowd to tone it down .
They ’ve gotten to him .
by 55 posted onby Warren_Piece ( Smart is easy .
Good is hard . )
To : goldstategop
Just saw the clip of McCain saying Obama is a decent man , not to be afraid of .
Yikes .
He could excoriate O without being over the top given all the evidence .
I will vote for Mac because he ’s not Obama and because Sarah Palin is in there for the future .
All of our bumperstickers have Palin highlighted .
by 56 posted onby NewHampshireDuo ( Earth - Taking care of itself since 4.6 billion BC )
To : Sibre Fan
McCain can’t surprise me with his idiocy anymore .
To : Brian S. Fitzgerald
I just saw the video on Fox ... McCain ... too stupid for his own good .
It makes me SICK we have to support this man .
Yeah , OK ... he is honorable etc. but where is the fire in his belly to STOMP THE RATS ???
God Help USA !
by 58 posted onby GRRRRR ( 2008 - A Year That Will Live in Infamy ... )
To : Sibre Fan
The Dems are right about McCain - he is erratic .
Pick a strategy and stick to it , McCain .
To : Slump Tester
I ’m voting McCain , but I look real funny wearing a clothespin .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Check out new trailer for super - dog “ ” For Bolt ( voiced by ) , every day is filled with adventure , danger and intrigue , at least until the cameras stop rolling .
When the canine star of a hit TV show is accidentally shipped from his Hollywood soundstage to New York City , he begins his biggest adventure yet , a cross-country journey through the real world .
Armed only with the delusions that all his amazing feats and powers are real , and with the help of two unlikely traveling companions , a jaded , abandoned housecat named Mittens ( voiced by ) , and TV - obsessed hamster in a plastic ball named Rhino , Bolt discovers he does n’t need superpowers to be a hero .
brings her vocal talents to the role of Penny , Bolt ’s human co-star on the television series .
made his directorial debut with “ Bolt , ” but has previously written scripts for otherfilms like “ ” and “ . ” [ flv width = ” 480 ″ height = ” 230 ″ ]
http://cache01-videos02.myspacecdn.com/52/vid_f0d866a459385b49e9382ba0a8a32b93.flv[/flv]
His new movie “ Bolt ” is scheduled to hit theaters on November 26th 2008 .
ISLAMABAD / NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - Since militants killed 179 people in an assault on Mumbai , India has withstood internal pressure to unleash a military attack on Pakistan soil .
Internal dynamics and diplomatic responses are still evolving since the November 26 - 29 attack .
With relations fraught between rivals who have fought three wars , here is a look at some scenarios that could unfold .
WAR
Highly improbable .
No one , except the militants , would want it .
Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee says India is keeping all options open , comments the Indian media have widely interpreted to mean that a military response is still possible .
But he has also said that war “ is no solution ” and accused Pakistan of creating “ war hysteria ” to deflect blame .
Tensions flared when Pakistan accused Indian warplanes of air space violations on December 13 and said its own fighter jets were scrambled .
India denies any incursion .
Pakistan has canceled army leave and shifted some troops from its western border with Afghanistan to the eastern border with India .
The two countries went to the brink of war in 2002 after Pakistani jihadi groups attacked the Indian parliament in 2001 , but ultimately the risk of nuclear conflict made it a crazy option .
Any kind of Indian military action is likely to provoke retaliation , either from jihadis or worse the Pakistani military .
India ’s strength lies in its ability to win global diplomatic support to pressure Pakistan to clean its house of jihadis .
Pressure on New Delhi to pursue a military option would rise if India was attacked again .
PEACE PROCESS
India has imposed a “ pause ” on a peace process begun in 2004 , which had brought better ties , and also canceled a cricket tour to Pakistan next month .
India wants Pakistan to crack down on groups analysts say have been favored by the Pakistani military ’s powerful Inter - Services Intelligence agency .
Pakistan denies any links to the Mumbai attacks , blaming “ non-state actors , ” and says India has provided no evidence for it to investigate .
India says it has given Pakistan specific details , including an account by the lone surviving gunman .
A crackdown like one by then military ruler General Pervez Musharraf in 2002 , which was widely regarded as a sham , will satisfy neither New Delhi nor Washington .
In what was seen in India as a tit - for - tat move , Pakistan media reported that several Indian nationals had been held after a bombing in the city of Lahore .
India then warned its citizens it would be unsafe to travel to or remain in Pakistan .
U.S. President - elect Barack Obama ’s incoming administration is expected to encourage settlement of the Kashmir dispute , a step seen as part of the process to stabilize Afghanistan .
India probably realizes it ’s better to engage Pakistan than ignore it in the long - run , and it would like to help civilian leaders establish authority over the generals .
U.S. pressure to move more swiftly in peace talks wo n’t cut much ice with India , so long as it feels uncomfortable about the durability of Pakistan ’s democracy .
In the short - run the Indian government has an election to fight by May , and will need to show its public results before it resumes the peace process .
NO WAR , NO PEACE
If , analysts say , the Pakistani military refuses to abandon old jihadi assets , there will be no war and no peace .
Instead there ’s a real danger both sides could use non-state proxies to destabilize each others ’ borders .
It would be a return to the pre-2002 era , and the world will be haunted by periodic crises between the nuclear - armed neighbors .
That , in turn , will complicate the West ’s efforts to stabilize Afghanistan .
Some jihadi groups that had been fighting Indian rule in Kashmir have built ties with al Qaeda and the Taliban in Pakistan ’s ethnic Pashtun tribal belt on the Afghan border , which the Pakistan army is struggling to control .
If these groups are allowed to thrive they will continue to provide gateways for alienated young Muslims to join a global jihad against their own governments .
REPERCUSSIONS FOR INDIA
The Indian government faces widespread voter anger at the security and intelligence failures that led to Mumbai .
The opposition BJP has made it a major campaign issue and many analysts expect an election backlash against the ruling Congress party .
But recent state poll wins by Congress , as well as the high - profile appointment of former Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram as the new home minister , have helped take the wind out of the BJP ’s sails .
The BJP has also been criticized in some quarters for being opportunistic in making terrorism an election issue .
The government has rushed through a tough anti-terrorism law , seen as a bid to allay public anger .
REPERCUSSIONS FOR PAKISTAN
Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani ’s offer on November 28 to send the head of the Inter - Services Intelligence spy agency to New Delhi following a request from Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh went down badly in some quarters of the military .
But since then there has been no indication the civilian government and military leadership are out of step , even if they disagree on whether the militants should be protected or dumped .
If the crisis worsened , it might bring any differences into the open , risky for a young civilian government dependent on army support for Pakistan ’s transition to democracy .
Pakistan already reels from an Islamist insurgency in the northwest .
A crackdown on militant groups like Lashkar - e - Taiba and Jaish - e - Mohammad based in the central province of Punjab could end up driving more of their fighters into the arms of al Qaeda and the Taliban in the northwest .
That would reinforce the insurgency in Afghanistan and pose more dangers for Pakistan .
The Purpose - Driven Warmongering
Created : December 04 , 2008 14:46 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Let ’s say a preacher appeared on a massively popular TV show and offered scriptural justification for an unprovoked attack on a foreign country .
What would you say ?
“ Oh , there goes Yusuf Qaradawi again ” ?
Or maybe , “ I truly hope these people turn away from bin Laden like some of their colleagues have “ ?
Or perhaps , “ How is it these fanatics ca n’t understand that they , in fact , are the evil people they seek to rid the world of ” ?
Ah , but you ’d be neglecting the cancer of religious extremism right here at home .
Matt Duss at the Center for American Progress takes note of pastor Rick Warren , who appeared on Sean Hannity ’s scummy little Fox News show to say that the U.S. has a divine obligation to attack Iran .
Here ’s the relevant exchange :
HANNITY : Am I advocating something dark , evil or something righteous [ by saying we should kill Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad ] ?
WARREN : Well , actually , the Bible says that evil cannot be negotiated with .
It has to just be stopped .
And I believe …
HANNITY : By force ?
WARREN : Well , if necessary .
In fact , that is the legitimate role of government .
The Bible says that God puts government on earth to punish evildoers .
Not good - doers .
Evildoers .
Am I drawing an equivalence between Rick Warren and Islamic extremists ?
Why , yes , yes I am .
That ’s because his statements are identical to those of the demagogic , fanatical preachers who motivate perplexed children into fighting religious wars .
As Duss observes :
[ I ] f this were a conversation between an Iranian TV host and an ayatollah in which they discussed scriptural justifications for “ taking out ” high ranking members of the U.S. government , you ’d probably see Sean Hannity running the clip on his show — while slowly shaking his head in pious disapproval — as evidence of what crazy extremists those Iranians are .
As it is , they ’ll probably be running this on Iranian TV as evidence of what crazy extremists those Americans are .
Somewhere , a student with the wrong last name or the wrong place - of - birth is being pulled out of line at an airport and questioned , while religious fanatics like Warren enjoy the deference of politicians , businessmen and media figures .
I ’ve been able to sketch - implement a version of FRP with a strange distinction : Env vs. Behavior .
I ’ll give you the intuition , then the rest of the article will develop the semantics more fully .
I thought “ backwards ” to discover this ( the word “ discover ” used under the assumption that it has some merit : questionable ) , from implementation , to concept , to semantics .
The semantics of Env a are plain ol ’ Time -> a , but with a caveat : there is no reactivity allowed .
I.e. an Env a yields an a only by looking at stuff “ now ” .
In the implementation , this is just a subtype of IO .
The semantics of Behavior are even less defined .
I guess it ’s semantics are Time ->
Time -> a , so it is given a “ start time ” and returns a time function .
It ’s sortof like a relative behavior , but shifting it around does not exactly preserve behavior .
The implementation is much like Reactive ( Env a ) , where Reactive is from the popular reactive library .
But through this exploration I am led to a very different implementation .
To formalize this silliness , first we need to add some composability and define these as transformations .
Let ’s just fix an e for the whole discussion , and then say the meaning of Env a is ( a subtype of ) ( Time -> e ) -> ( Time -> a ) .
Now it ’s easy to say what we mean by not allowing reactivity : an Env a is a function f of the form f r = g .
r for some g .
So to determine the value of f at time t , you look at its environment at time t and do something to the result .
No peeking at other points in its environment .
For Behavior , I want a scanl , but on continuous functions .
You can think of this as a generalization of integration .
For a continuous scan to be meaningful , I require its argument to be a continuous function f of type Real -> a -> a , such that f 0 = id .
By continuity I mean Scott - continuity : treat Real as an infinite - precision computable real , and then any definable total function is continuous .
Then I can find the integral function ∫f on the interval [ 0,1 ] by computing the limit :
f 0.5 . f 0.5 f 0.25 . f 0.25 . f 0.25 . f 0.25 ...
There is no guarantee that this will converge , or uniformly converge , or any of that good stuff .
But we will cover our ears and pretend that it always does .
If f :: Real -> Bool ->
Bool , once our precision goes past the modulus of uniform continuity of f ( the precision of the information that f will never look at to determine what to do ) , then ∫f will be constant .
So there is some notion of continuity preserved .
1
Okay , now we can say what a Behavior is !
The meaning of Behavior a is a transformation f :: ( Time -> e ) ->
Time ->
Time -> a of the form — hold your breath ( I ’ll explain ) — f r t0 = i . ∫ ( j r ) ( k ( r t0 ) ) , for functions i , j , k , where j is an Env function with the scan restriction j 0 = id .
Let ’s dissect : First , k ( r t0 ) is the initial value when the Behavior is started , which depends on the environment exactly when the Behavior is started and no other time .
j r is the integrand , which takes into account the “ previous ” value and the current environment ( only current because j must be an Env function ) .
Finally , the i .
out front is so we can compute things more complex than their final type ; i.e. a Behavior Bool could have more state under the hood than just a boolean .
This definition is very much like Haskell stream fusion ; we take a recursive definition and “ flatten it out ” into a state and an iterator function .
By imposing a simple constraint on the iterator function , we have retrieved continuity of the generated stream , and can also perform continuous stream fusion in the implementation !
I still have n’t figured out how to work events back into this model .
1 I ’m committing a blatant foul here .
Bool ->
Bool is a discrete space , so any continuous function from Real to it has to be constant to begin with .
So that paragraph was pretty much meaningless .
I still liked it to get a computational handle on things .
Brian.Kentosh.com
Electric Balalaika
This is an electric balalaika I built for my senior project in high school .
We had this project where after the AP tests where we could do whatever we wanted , and we were only graded on creativity and effort .
I 'd been learning balalaika for a while , and I 'd been trying to find if there were any electric balalaikas around .
I did n't find any , so I ended up making one as my project .
I was heavily inspired by Fender guitars in making this .
I made the body from alder and the neck from maple .
For the dimensions I measured my acoustic balalaika in order to produce an instrument that played like the original .
I made the pickup myself because pickups for three strings are not commercially produced , and then I put it inside a Telecaster pickup cover .
The instrument is far from flawless , but as my first real musical instrument , and without any predecessors to go by , I feel the end result was n't all too shabby .
Description : Forget Beijing and bring on hot topless women from the 80s competing in silly games .
Everybody is a winner here !
Views : 223822 Date : November 13 , 2008 Favorited : 21
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Ready for your Super Bowl party ?
Sure , you have drinks , hot wings , maybe even a favorite jersey .
But do you have an M - 16 , a Kevlar helmet and body armor ?
Pittsburgh Steelers fan Sheresa Coleman will watch the Super Bowl from the USS Mahan in the Gulf of Aden .
Not everybody is watching the game from the comfort of the family den .
Hundreds of thousands of U.S. troops will be deployed in remote war zones , on lonely oceans and at overseas bases -- all far away from an NBC affiliate .
So the military is going out of its way to make sure that many soldiers , Marines , airmen and sailors can watch Super Bowl XLIII live .
" Super Bowl day has really become a holiday , military - wise , over the last couple years , " said Petty Officer 1st Class Grant Shannon .
Shannon is from a town about an hour north of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , but is on board the USS Mahan , a destroyer deployed to stop pirates working off the coast of Somalia .
When they finish their duties , sailors like Shannon can head to the ship 's mess to watch the Pittsburgh Steelers take on the Arizona Cardinals .
The same is true for soldiers , Marines and airmen in combat zones .
" We can broadcast to every forward operating base in Iraq and Afghanistan , " said Andreas Friedrich , the deputy director of Armed Forces Radio and Television Services , which has been sending the Super Bowl to troops overseas since the first Super Bowl , broadcasting it live since 1981 .
Watch how troops will be able to watch big game »
All told , about 1 million American military personnel and civilians overseas will be able to watch the big game .
Some of those watching will be benefiting from the same technology that makes Predator Unmanned Aerial Vehicle missions possible .
A global broadcast system will beam the game to ships and submarines far out in the Pacific Ocean .
GBS is how pilots in the United States can watch and fly an unmanned vehicle over a battlefield halfway around the world , and then feed what they see to the battlefield commanders on the ground below .
Raytheon , the company that runs the system , will use one of its video channels to feed the game to several U.S. Navy submarines and ships in the Pacific .
Tens of thousands of sailors will be able to see the game via GBS , which first broadcast a Super Bowl in 2003 , according to Guy DuBois of Raytheon .
" It 's a pretty amazing feeling , when you get to do that , to watch it on the ship and knowing that everybody else is back home having a good time , just like we will be , " said Petty Officer 3rd Class Ryan Wright , a Cardinals fan from Arizona .
Wright is on board the USS San Antonio , an amphibious transport dock that is part of the anti-piracy task force .
A Steelers fan on board the USS Mahan agrees .
" It would be nice to be home and watch the game in my hometown , " said Seaman Sheresa Coleman of Pittsburgh .
" But it 's a great honor to support and defend the Constitution of the United States . "
One thing Wright and the other overseas Super Bowl viewers will miss is the legendary Super Bowl commercials .
Friedrich said the Armed Forces Radio and Television Services would have had to pay high fees for the rights to broadcast the Super Bowl commercials to an international audience .
Instead , the multimillion - dollar ads that some people consider the best part of the game will be pre-empted in favor of Department of Defense - produced ads and public service messages .
Still , even without seeing football - playing Clydesdales or movie - shilling monsters , those in uniform appreciate being part of America 's unofficial midwinter holiday .
" We have lots of sailors and Marines on board who have followed the season , " said Cmdr. Eric Cash , the commander of the USS San Antonio .
" Any time we can enjoy some traditional American sports like the Super Bowl , it 's always a great time for us , a good mental break and also a good time for people to get together and socialize . "
Just like home .
But you have to wonder -- does the ship 's galley have nachos or pigs in a blanket ?
All About Super Bowl XLIII • U.S. Marines Activities • U.S. Navy Activities • U.S. Army Activities
21 Craziest and Coolest Playstation 3 Designs
These Playstation 3
Designs may have at one time had some kind of hopeful future but ended up as simple cool and crazy PS3 Concepts and nothing more than a figment of someone ’s imagination .
I think these should still be appreciated for their creativity .
The list gathered below is nothing like the PS3 Mods collection or the PS3 Covers list , for these cool Playstations are truly on the drawing board only .
It is n’t like the mods that were actually made by some PS3 fans but actual dreams that stayed so .
Without bringing the tone down too much , I must admit that these 21 Playstation Designs are really on the cool side but a bit crazy to truly fathom .
They utilize the brand of the PS3 but bring a lot of style to the equation in some awesome ways .
PS3 Console Designs
1 . This first PS3 Design is actually pretty damn nice .
It looks as if it is a home entertainment receiver that can really deliver the good .
I am not sure about the specs and abilities , but just the innovative look alone of this PS3 really makes us ready to vote for it .
Image : GameSpot
I know that futuristic usually brings curves to mind , but what this cool PS3 concept has in style , it lacks in practicality .
It is the same thing we are used to but simply in a circle .
Now would you enjoy carrying this Playstation 3 to your car , a friend ’s house or move it to another room ?
I kind of makes it seem a little less appealing .
The following simply looks like a tricked out Sony DVD Player .
Not too much was done .
2 .
3 .
Images : Boardsus
Whoa , a cool PS3 Concept that really presses on the Sony blue factor .
I always thought that Sony electronics had a ‘ cool ’ factor with the black and blue combination , and these two following Playstation 3 design really illustrates it proudly .
The first is better in my opinion , since it provides something new .
The second is like a double PS2 … do n’t you think ?
4 .
5 .
Images : Playtstation 3 Fakes
An unidentified PS Concept has landed in someone garage , and I have no idea what it can do .
The controllers look cheesy and as if they will break at the first chance of gameplay danger .
And what would the plane - like sides get us ?
6 .
Image : Airmassive
Here are a few quick PS3 concepts that I guess remained as small thumbnail except the large one which is by Seymore Powell .
They seem a little more portable driven , perhaps inspired by the success of the PSP .
7 .
8 .
9 .
10 .
Images : BTConnect
PS3 Controller Design
The imagination definitely went free in the PS3 Ball controller .
All the buttons that are a given were granted , along with the cool PS3 style .
At first glance it looks amazing and futuristic , but will it also be comfortable for gameplay ?
11 .
The new PS3 controller design by Charlie Tang repositioned the left analog stick to take the place of the D - Pad in order to provide the gamer better control .
On the one hand , it seems logical but could it be adapted after years of getting used to it on the PS2 , let alone major game time on the PS3 ?
12 .
An Xbox 360 PS3 Controller or the PS3 Xbox 360 Controller , depending how loyal you are to the Playstation 3 .
A simple remake of the Microsoft controller to fit the amazing Sony platform .
13 .
The Lego PS3 Controller is a neat idea by allowing the player to rearrange it in their most comfortable way .
Imagine that , you get the Sony controller and able to break it apart , rebuilding it to fit the size and shape of your hand .
14 .
Credits : Joystiq
PS3 Buzz Controller for hopeful Playstation TV Games ; four players , four buttons each controller , one large buzzer each … sounds like a big happy family .
15 .
Image : GamersBlog
A 3D PS3 Controller would actually be something I would look forward to .
It may be the popular Wiimote that is making me think this way or perhaps a look ahead for Playstation Innovation .
16 .
Image : UnWiredView
An LCD Screen on the controller would be a step in the right direction … but analog sticks only ?
Where are the rest of the features .
Still , this PS3 Controller concept has a clean stile and seems ergonamically comfortable .
17 .
Image : Boardsus
Someone got really happy with the Photoshop for this PS3 Concept Controller .
With all the analog sticks displayed , I could n’t even imagine where to begin .
18 .
Image : FunnyJunk
A final PS3 Controller concept that makes a Playstation 3 Gun Remote .
Probably inspired by the Wiimote and Duck Hunt capabilities , it mat be something of a design that could be improved to something plausible .
19 .
Image : MaxConsole
PS3 Themes Concepts
A Scion XA Concept Car that si powered by a PS3 Console … what a combo ?
A Playstation 3 gaming console is installed inside , along with a 20 ″ LCD .
20 .
Images : Gizmodo
Seems like the kids got the last laugh from all these PS3 Concepts collection by getting to beat on this innocent PS3 Piñata .
I wonder if candy falls down when broken or would it be some PS3 Games .
21 .
Image : Lisa Torio
Here 's an audio recap of the recount events that took place today .
The audio is n't great , but the content is still discernible , despite some obvious background artifacts ; the time is presented as HH : MM:SS .
The first recording comes from a pseudo press conference conducted with two members of Coleman 's legal counsel , Tony Trimble and Fritz Knaak :
Coleman 's Counsel :
We see the number as much better from our point of view .
We 'll know more after we 've had this dialogue with the Secretary of State .
Reporter A : What 's your internal count at ?
Coleman 's Counsel :
Our internal count is a , something we do n't share .
Reporter B : Why is that ?
Coleman 's Counsel : Because we do n't , as a matter of policy ; very early on we decided .
Source : VoteForAmerica.net ( *.wav , 00:07:28 )
Video : TheUpTake.org via Qik.com ( 00:07:45 )
There are essentially only two reasons why they do n't want to reveal their internal count .
The most likely scenario is that their internal numbers actually show that they are trailing ; and secondly they simply do not have an internal count .
I find the second option very unlikely , basically impossible .
The campaign has demonstrated no restraint when it comes to declaring victory .
I think if they thought they were winning , we would all know that they thought they were winning .
Hence because they are not stammering about their lead , they are in fact , not in the lead .
The next event was the press conference conducted by Secretary of State Mark Ritchie :
Reporter A : Is it almost certain that there is not going to be a winner certified by January 6th , when they 're supposed to be sworn in ?
Is that being taken into consideration ?
Sec. Mark Ritchie : Absolutely not a consideration .
I have until November 2010 , personally .
The 5th and 6th [ of January ] we have scheduled from 2:00 to 5:30 both days [ for the canvassing board to meet ] .
... Reporter B : Can a winner be certified by January 6th ?
Sec. Mark Ritchie :
If the stars align ... Our top priority is accuracy and transparency .
And the timing thing is just not our issue .
You know I want to put an underline : we do n't care as long as it's accurate and is done in a transparent way .
Source : VoteForAmerica.net ( *.wav , 00:26:10 )
Video : TheUpTake.org via Qik.com ( 00:09:19 )
Finally the MN Supreme Court met to decide , once and for all , whether the case made by the Coleman campaign regarding the supposed inclusion of doubly counted ballots should be reexamined .
A decision has not yet been reached , but the Supreme Court is allowed to take as much time as necessary ; expect a decision by tomorrow evening :
Supreme Court Justice :
Where have you shown to us , that there is , there are [ more ] votes counted in any given precinct than the number of voters as would be determined under § 204C.20 .
Source : VoteForAmerica.net ( *.wav , 1:04:38 )
Video : TPT.org via MNCourts.gov ( 01:03:47 )
I personally find it very likely that the petition , as put forth by the Coleman campaign , will fail ; but I am not a great supreme court mind .
My verdict is based entirely on my interpretation of the proceedings .
With only mistakenly rejected absentee ballots left to tally in Minnesota ’s U.S. Senate recount , Democrat Al Franken has a 50 - vote lead over Republican U.S. Sen.
Norm Coleman .
The lead , Franken ’s largest since Election Day , buoyed the Franken campaign .
“ We are absolutely thrilled with where we stand , ” said Marc Elias , Franken recount attorney .
The Coleman campaign was less than thrilled .
“ We ’re faced with an artificial Franken lead , ” said Coleman recount attorney Tony Trimble .
The Coleman campaign has all but promised it will contest the election results in court because it believes more than 100 votes from Franken - friendly areas were double counted .
The 50 - vote lead is provisional because there are still rejected absentee ballots to count .
Those absentee ballots , which local election judges mistakenly did n’t count , are the latest focus of recount controversy .
In deciding a suit brought by the Coleman campaign over the absentee ballots the state Supreme Court ordered that mistakenly rejected absentee ballots could be included in the recount — but only if the two campaigns agree they should on a ballot - by - ballot basis .
While local officials believe there are about 1,350 wrongly rejected ballots , it ’s not clear how many ballots the campaigns will actually send to the state for counting .
Over the weekend , the Franken campaign had said it would be willing to have all those sent to the state .
This week , the Coleman campaign said it wanted officials to send about 780 of those to the state and examine another 550 .
Additionally , the Coleman campaign said there are another 654 ballots that should be counted but local officials did n’t include them on their list of about 1,350 .
But , according to the Secretary of State ’s office , the Coleman campaign did n’t get that list of 654 ballots to local officials by 3 p.m. yesterday which was the deadline to produce lists of additional ballots .
Trimble , of the Coleman campaign , said Deputy Secretary of State Jim Gelbmann would not allow those additional ballots to be counted , proving himself joined “ at the hip with Al Franken . ”
The absentee mess has meant that today , in at least some of the regional counting sites , which were to sort through ballots and send them on to the state , no counting is going on .
“ Things are not going as smoothly as we hoped , ” Gelbmann said .
He said that in St. Louis and Anoka counties , at least one campaign representative is refusing to begin the count because the campaigns had not agreed on the universe of ballots to be counted .
Rachel Smith , Anoka County elections supervisor , said in her county , which was also slated to deal with the absentee ballots from Isanti County , Coleman and Franken representatives had “ mutually exclusive ” demands .
The Coleman campaign would not participate in forwarding the ballots unless additional ballots — other than the one ’s the county identified as mistakenly rejected — were included .
The Franken campaign wanted only to include ballots the county had identified .
As a result , neither Anoka ’s identified 35 mistakenly rejected ballots or Isanti ’s six or seven were forwarded to the state .
“ We obviously would like those votes to be counted , ” Smith said .
“ But we also recognize that there is a process and we want to be following that process . ”
In Beltrami County , the sorting of absentees was completed this morning .
Kay Mack , Beltrami auditor / treasurer , said the campaigns and county officials today agreed to send seven absentee ballots to the state .
The county had identified another ballot it believed was mistakenly rejected but the Coleman campaign official there disagreed so that ballot will not be sent to the state .
The sorting of ballots is slated to continue in different locations across the state through Wednesday .
All agreed upon ballots are supposed to be sent to state offices for counting by Jan. 2 and counted by Jan .
4 .
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) -
An ancient underground water basin the size of Libya holds the key to Australia avoiding a water crisis as climate change bites the drought - hit nation .
People stand on a platform overlooking an underground spring known as The Bubbler Mound Spring which is fed by the Great Artesian Basin in South Australia , in this handout image made available December 16 , 2008 .
An ancient underground water basin the size of Libya holds the key to Australia avoiding a water crisis , and sustaining $ 2.4 billion worth of mining , farming and tourism , as climate change bites the drought - hit nation .
To match feature ENVIRONMENT - AUSTRALIA / REUTERS / Great Artesian Basin Coordinating Committee / Handout
Australia ’s Great Artesian Basin is one of the largest artesian groundwater basins in the world , covering 1.7 million sq kms ( 656,370 sq miles ) and lying beneath one - fifth of Australia .
The basin holds 65 million gigaliters of water , about 820 times the amount of surface water in Australia , and enough to cover the Earth ’s land mass under half a meter of water , says the Great Artesian Basin Coordinating Committee .
And it is slowly topped up with 1 million megaliters a year as rain filters through porous sandstone rock , becoming trapped in the underground basin .
“ There is probably enough water in there to last Australia ’s needs for 1,500 years , if we wanted to use it all , ” says John Hillier , a hydrogeologist who has just completed the Great Artesian Basin Resource Study .
But he and other experts warn that access to the basin ’s water supply is under threat from declining artesian pressure , which forces the water to the surface via bores and springs .
If artesian pressure falls too far , due to excessive extraction of water , the ancient water source will be unreachable , except through costly pumping .
Lying as much as two kms ( 1.2 miles ) below ground , some parts of the basin are 3 km deep ( 1.8 miles ) from top to bottom .
The basin was formed between 100 and 250 million years ago and consists of alternating layers of waterbearing sandstone aquifers and non-waterbearing siltstones and mudstones .
Basin water is extracted through bores and is the only source of water for mining , tourism and grazing in Queensland , New South Wales and South Australia states , and the Northern Territory .
The underground water spawns A$ 3.5 billion ( US $ 2.4 billion ) worth of production a year from farming , mining and tourism , says the Great Artesian Basin Coordinating Committee .
The mining and petroleum industry extracts 31,000 megaliters of basin water a year , which is used in production or pumped out as a by - product of mining , and is vital for future expansion .
Mining giant BHP - Billiton draws about 11,680 megaliters a year from the basin to operate its Olympic Dam gold , copper and uranium mine in South Australia .
It would treble water usage under a plan to double production , with the extra water drawn from the basin and a new desalination plant .
Swiss - based miner Xstrata Plc is looking at the basin as a water source for what would be Australia ’s biggest open cut thermal coal mine , at Wandoan in Queensland , which would supply 20 million tons a year , with a mine life of 30 years .
But the pastoral industry is by far the biggest user , taking 500,000 megaliters a year to water some of Australia ’s most productive farmlands .
Angus Emmott runs a cattle property called Moonbah in central Queensland and relies on basin water in times of drought .
“ The bores underpin the social and economic value of this huge inland area of Australia where there was n’t permanent fresh water , ” said Emmott .
“ With climate change , we will be more reliant on the Great Artesian Basin , so we ’re morally obliged to make the best use of that water ... so we do n’t waste it . ”
BASIN WATER THREATENED
Since it was first tapped in 1878 , an estimated 87 million megaliters has been extracted and up to 90 percent of it wasted .
As a result of falling water pressure , more than 1,000 natural springs have been lost and one - third of the original artesian bores have ceased flowing .
The extraction of ancient basin water into the atmosphere also contributes to Australia ’s greenhouse gas emissions , releasing 330,000 tons of CO2 annually .
A 15 - year Great Artesian Basin Sustainability project started in 1990 aims to protect the water supply and the hydraulic pressure necessary to access it .
Today , there are still some 3,000 bores which pour water into 34,000 kms ( 21,130 miles ) of open bore drains , with 90 percent of the water evaporating in the outback heat .
But more than 1,052 bores have now been controlled and tens of thousands of kilometers ( miles ) of open drains removed and pipelines laid , saving 272 gigaliters of water a year .
Farmers are now fencing off bores and using mobile telephone , satellite and computer imaging technology to control livestock access to bores and control bore flows .
“ Bores and springs that had previously ceased to flow have begun to flow again .
It ’s a huge change to land management and has allowed better pasture and stock management , ” said Emmott .
“ With the capping and piping program you do n’t get the bogging of domestic animals , you do n’t get the maintenance cost of drains and you do n’t get soil salination , ” he said .
SUSTAINABLE USAGE
Farmers and scientists say it is crucial that more work is done to avoid a water crisis in the Great Artesian Basin as there will be greater demand on basin water in the future .
“ It is absolutely crucial for the existence of communities that it is looked after , ” said Emmott .
“ We realize there is a lot there , but we need to look after it very carefully because it needs such a huge time for recharge that if we lose it now it will not recharge in human lifetimes . ”
A A$ 17 million long - term sustainability report on the Great Artesian Basin announced this month will look at how to ensure water for future mining , pastoral and environmental development .
The global commodities boom in recent years has seen mining activity over the basin increase dramatically and authorities expect the mining industry ’s extraction will continue to rise .
“ An expansion in exploration and mining activities in the area will place increased demands on securing groundwater allocations for economic development , ” said Andy Love , from Flinders University in Adelaide , who will lead the study .
“ Clearly a balance between development and environmental protection needs to be achieved .
However , this is not possible without increased knowledge about the amount of groundwater that can be safely extracted , ” said Love .
Just imagine you crack open a can of Coca - Cola only to discover it 's packed with crack cocaine .
Oh , it can happen .
Two airtight baggies of crack cocaine were stashed in two separate Coke cans on a U.S. flight from Montego Bay , Jamaica to Philadelphia on Friday , October 31 , 2008 .
How much drugs were actually found ?
16 ounces or about 450 grams of cocaine , discovered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) .
“ For many of us , it is the first time we ’ve witnessed narcotics smuggled in cola cans , but for each one of these unique smuggling methods we detect , it is one less concealment method bad guys can use , ” Allan Martocci , CBP ’s Director for the Port of Philadelphia said .
John McCain 's campaign is trying to paint Barack Obama as a big spender .
In a new radio ad , an announcer says Obama wants to implement " $ 863 - billion in new government programs — a 23 percent increase in the size of government . "
The percentage - increase claim is so far off base that we 're going to grant McCain several questionable assumptions — and then show that he 's still way off .
First , let 's allow McCain to argue that Obama wants $ 863 - billion in new government programs .
That 's based on a " Spend - O - Meter " list that the McCain campaign compiled from examining Obama 's Web site and his public statements , though the campaign 's handout put the total at $ 865.3 - billion .
PolitiFact examined a similar list compiled by the Republican National Committee in February , and found some reasons to quibble .
But for this exercise , we 'll ignore any spending cuts proposed by Obama , such as troop withdrawals from Iraq , and give McCain his $ 863 - billion .
Then , McCain contends that the $ 863 - billion can be split into four equal chunks of $ 216 - billion , for each year of an Obama presidency .
That 's questionable , because spending proposals take time to become law and get implemented .
And , because of inflation and population growth , spending programs tend to grow over time , not stay at constant levels , so earlier budgets are likely to be smaller than later ones .
But we wo n't deduct any points for that , and we 'll give McCain his $ 216 - billion annual figure for argument 's sake .
McCain 's campaign also says the right year for comparison is fiscal 2008 , which ends Sept. 30 .
We 'll give this one to McCain , too .
To recap :
We 've allowed McCain , unchallenged , to argue that Obama wants to raise spending by $ 216 - billion a year and that we 'll compare that total to fiscal year 2008 to determine how much Obama wants to increase the size of government .
This should be easy , right ?
Just figure out how much the government is spending in fiscal year 2008 , divide $ 216 - billion by that number , and we 'll have our answer .
Sixth - grade math .
According to a White House Office of Management and Budget report from July 2008 , the government 's total outlays for the year will be $ 2.942 - trillion .
So we divide $ 216 - billion by $ 2.942 - trillion and get ... 7.3 percent .
That 's not 23 percent .
Not even close .
So where does McCain get that figure ?
We asked the campaign for clarification , and spokesman Joseph Pounder said the campaign took $ 216 - billion and divided it by $ 933 - billion , which does equal 23.2 percent .
That 's the amount of discretionary spending in a catch - all spending bill approved by Congress in late 2007 and signed by President Bush .
Except that $ 933 - billion is n't even all of the discretionary spending for fiscal year 2008 — because that bill did n't include any money for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The real discretionary spending number for 2008 , according to the White House , is $ 1.13 - trillion .
( Take $ 216 - billion and divide it by that number and you get 19.1 percent . )
Furthermore , some of the spending increases that make up the $ 216 - billion are in mandatory programs , such as Medicare and Social Security , so the McCain campaign is n't even measuring discretionary spending consistently on the top and bottom of its fraction .
The McCain campaign 's preferred denominator does n't include current spending on those programs .
The result is like saying Alex Rodriguez has a lot more home runs this year than he did last year , without mentioning that this year , doubles count as home runs , too .
And lastly , how can McCain argue that an increase in discretionary spending is the same as an increase " in the size of government " ?
Here 's what Pounder had to say about that : " By size of government , we are referring to government spending outside of mandatory spending .
It 's the argument that outside of mandatory spending , this is the most immediate way that Barack Obama will have an impact on government spending and when you include his spending proposals it accounts for a 23 percent increase . "
That 's the equivalent of saying , " By size of government , we are referring to a government with no Social Security , no Medicare , no Medicaid , no food stamps , no federal employee retirement benefits and no interest on the national debt . "
The McCain campaign 's math is flat - out wrong .
So wrong , in fact , their precise 23 percent figure is n't merely a false claim , it 's Pants on Fire !
( CNN ) -- Bones found last week near where Steve Fossett 's plane crashed in eastern California 's Sierra Nevadas are those of the adventurer , authorities said Monday .
Fossett , seen here with his wife , Peggy , disappeared after a solo flight in 2007 .
Testing at California 's state crime lab determined that " two large bones " recovered Wednesday matched Fossett 's DNA , a spokeswoman for the Madera County Sheriff 's Department in California said .
Madera County Sheriff John Anderson said last week that confirmation that the bones were Fossett 's would allow authorities to conclude with certainty that Fossett is dead .
Fossett was last seen on the morning of September 3 , 2007 , when he took off from the Flying - M Ranch outside Minden , Nevada .
He was scouting locations for an attempt to break the land - speed record in a rocket - propelled car .
Searchers found the bones , Fossett 's driver 's license , a pair of shoes and a $ 100 bill on Wednesday , Anderson said last week .
The discovery site was a little more than a half - mile from where Fossett 's plane wreckage was found on October 1 in a remote area of the Sierra Nevadas at an altitude of 10,000 feet .
See map showing takeoff site , crash site »
The site of Wednesday 's discovery also is about a quarter - mile from where a hiker reported finding two aviation identification cards with Fossett 's name and $ 1,000 in cash in late September , Anderson said .
Animal chew marks were found on the driver 's license and the shoes , Anderson said .
He said the marks indicate that " animals possibly [ moved ] the body . "
Previous DNA tests on what were believed to be bone fragments at and near the crash site showed that the fragments were n't human remains , Anderson said .
The National Transportation Safety Board has been investigating the wreck .
Fossett made his money in the financial services industry but became renowned for his daredevil exploits .
Read about Fossett 's milestones »
Fossett was the first person to circle the globe solo in a balloon , in 2002 , and the first to fly a plane around the world solo without refueling three years later .
He also set world records in round - the - world sailing and cross-country skiing .
All About Steve Fossett • U.S. National Transportation Safety Board
Bernard L. Madoff ’s fraud is “ stunning , ” says the SEC .
It is a crime of “ epic proportions . ”
But , says the SEC , we have nothing to worry about .
The SEC caught the bad guy .
It “ moved swiftly ” to protect the integrity of the financial markets .
Nonsense .
The only thing “ stunning ” is that the SEC continues to condone and even fraternize with the organized mob of hedge fund miscreants who have destroyed hundreds of companies , wiped out the jobs of countless ordinary folks , and brought our financial system to the brink of ruin .
The Madoff case may one day prove to be “ epic , ” but right now it can best be described as “ pathetic ” – or just plain “ weird . ”
Apparently , the SEC began receiving tips from Madoff ’s enemies ( rival brokerages , private investigators working for rival hedge funds , etc. ) several years ago .
The commission made inquiries , but took no action .
Then , earlier this week , Madoff purportedly had some kind of nervous breakdown , announcing to his sons that he was a criminal .
If we can believe the news reports , the sons then called the FBI , which dispatched an agent to Madoff ’s apartment .
Madoff , dressed in a baby blue bathrobe and slippers , opened the door , and said , “ I know why you are here . ”
With that , the agent arrested Madoff , and within a few hours the FBI and the SEC had whipped out cases accusing Madoff of wrong - doing , but providing few details .
Indeed , it is clear from reading these cases that the FBI and the SEC know nothing about Madoff ’s market making and hedge fund firm except that two employees ( Madoff ’s two sons ) have made the vague claim that Madoff told them , vaguely , that his hedge fund was “ a giant Ponzi scheme . ”
Madoff ’s lawyer says his client has admitted to no such crime .
Children do not usually turn in their fathers to the FBI unless they bear other grudges .
And it is standard operating procedure for shady high - finance predators to sniff out and prey on feuding relatives who are in business together .
This in no way suggests that Madoff is clean , but it raises the possibility that even dirtier people orchestrated the demise of Madoff and his hedge fund in order to absorb his more lucrative ( and crooked ? ) market making operation .
An alternative explanation comes from Bill Cara , one of the nation ’s more perceptive business writers .
He concludes that Madoff “ is just the beginning .
I do n’t know , of course , more than you , but …I think he has in fact indicted himself to cause prosecutors to investigate the entire corrupt system . ”
Whatever the real story , it is clear that market makers are accessories to a scheme that is much , much bigger than Madoff .
The key players in this scheme are 20 or so mega - billionaire hedge fund managers , who operate with a supporting cast that includes not just market makers , but also smaller hedge funds , rogue prime brokerages , corrupt lawyers , dishonest journalists , bogus one - man credit rating agencies , dubious index trackers , bribed “ experts , ” skalawag statisticians , compromised professors , private investigators , crooked financial researchers , captured government regulators , hustlers , felons , thugs and mafiosi .
The mega - billionaires masterminded their scheme in the 1980s , and ever since , they and their progeny have been working together – raiding and destroying public companies for profit .
In the rubble of these attacks ( there are hundreds of examples ) one can almost always find evidence of unrestrained naked short selling ( people selling things that they do not possess – phantom stock , phantom bonds , phantom mortgage backed securities , phantom CDOs , all manner of phantom derivatives ) .
This is the organized exploitation of our national clearing and settlement system – a system that fails utterly to ensure that traders actually deliver that which they have sold .
If the SEC and FBI are looking for a “ Ponzi scheme ” of “ epic proportions ” – this is it .
Mr. Madoff surely knows something about this scheme .
Market makers ( Madoff ’s operation was among the better known ) are exempt from rules prohibiting naked short selling .
They can sell stock that they have not yet borrowed or purchased , so long as they are legitimately “ making a market ” ( i.e. maintaining liquidity ) — and only if they intend to settle the trade soon after .
In practice , however , billionaire hedge fund managers have rented market makers ’ exemptions to manipulate markets with phantom securities – a blatant crime that is rarely prosecuted .
While Mr. Madoff is talking to the SEC and the FBI , I am going to begin telling you more about the scheme that is bigger than Bernie .
Soon , I will name those 20 mega - billionaires , their supporting cast — and the man who is their guru .
The evidence is pouring in – there is much to reveal .
But for now , let me leave you with a quotation from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ’s “ Notice 93 - 77 . ”
Published in 1993 , it reads :
Shortly after the market crash of 1987 , “ then Treasury Secretary Nicholas F. Brady referred to the clearance and settlement system as the weakest link in the nation ’s financial system …
Gerald Corrigan , President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York noted : ‘ The greatest threat to the stability of the financial system as a whole was the danger of a major default in one of these clearing and settlement systems … ”
“ The connection between a crisis in the clearance and settlement system and the financial industry was highlighted by the bankruptcy in 1990 of Drexel Burnham Lambert Group … As described in the [ SEC ’s ] testimony before the Senate Banking Committee , near gridlock developed in the mortgage - backed securities market and in the corporate debt and equity markets where Drexel was an active participant . ”
Now that our financial system has come to a screeching halt , read those words for clues as to how much worse things can get – and whom we need to stop to prevent that from happening .
* * * * * * * *
Mark Mitchell is a reporter for DeepCapture.com .
He previously worked at the Wall Street Journal editorial page in Europe , Time magazine Asia , the Far Eastern Economic Review , and the Columbia Journalism Review .
Email : mitch0033@gmail.com
If this article concerns you , and you wish to help , then :
1 ) email it to a dozen friends ;
2 ) go here for additional suggestions : “ So You Say You Want a Revolution ? “
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) -
The next U.S. president , whether it is Barack Obama or John McCain , will likely shut down Guantanamo Bay prison camp but may decide to keep some prisoners indefinitely , a U.N. rights envoy said on Wednesday .
The prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and the system for trying its detainees , has been widely condemned by human rights groups and governments around the world , including close allies of the United States , who say it does not meet international legal standards .
Both candidates seeking to succeed President George W. Bush -- Republican Sen. McCain and Democratic Sen. Obama -- have pledged to close the detention center where some 255 suspected members of al Qaeda , the Taliban and associated groups are detained .
The prison once held as many as 600 detainees .
Martin Scheinin , U.N. special rapporteur for human rights in the fight against terrorism , told reporters he expected the next U.S. president to swiftly follow through on his promise to close down the prison .
This will lead to the “ release of those detainees who are ready for release , who have already been determined as posing no threat , ” said Scheinin .
It will also lead to trials for those suspected of serious crimes who have been deemed ready for trial .
“ I would expect the trials to be taken to ( U.S. ) federal courts , ” Scheinin said , adding that he was confident the suspects would receive fair trials .
But for those who are neither ready for release or trial , the new administration may decide to seek legislation to create a “ regime where indefinite detention would be continued . ”
“ I strongly recommend against that solution , ” Scheinin told reporters after briefing the U.N. General Assembly ’s Third Committee on social , humanitarian and cultural affairs .
He said the current legal basis for indefinite detention of terrorism suspects at Guantanamo Bay was deeply flawed .
“ But replacing it with an ex post facto law authorizing , after so many years , continued detention -- unavoidably it would be assessed by international human rights bodies as constituting a form of arbitrary detention , ” he said .
He also chided Canada for refusing to request extradition of a 22 - year - old Canadian captive who was 15 years old when he was detained after a firefight in Afghanistan in 2002 .
Scheinin said Omar Khadr was a juvenile at the time he was alleged to have thrown a grenade that killed a U.S. soldier .
“ It is troubling that Canada is not doing what other countries have done in order to get their citizens or even residents out of Guantanamo , ” Scheinin said .
By Sima Kotecha
Newsbeat US reporter
Reggie Love 's title is personal aide to the President of the United States but he 's often called the ' Body Man ' .
One of his jobs is to update Barack Obama 's iPod .
Other duties include playing basketball with the Commander - in - Chief , and keeping a close eye on his diet .
The role of the ' Body Man ' was dramatised in the American TV series West Wing where Charlie Young , played by Dule Hill , was never far from fictional President Josiah Bartlett .
But President Obama has another name for Reggie 's job - White House chief of stuff .
I 'm an extra set of hands if he ever needs it .
Anything I can help with to make his life easier is part of my job
Reggie Love explains what he does for Barack Obama
You might have seen Reggie .
He 's the 6ft 5in , 18 stone , shaven headed guy who 's usually walking beside or behind Barack Obama .
His job ?
To attend to all of the President 's personal needs .
In his bag which he sometimes slings over his shoulder , he carries a load of everyday things for the boss including a toothbrush , mouthwash , tissues , snacks - and of course , the iPod .
It 's likely those snacks include some of the President 's favourites : peanuts , raisins , and chocolate roasted peanut bars .
Not to forget the chewing and nicotine gum .
After all , Barack Obama used to smoke .
Reggie said : " I 'm an extra set of hands if he ever needs it .
Anything I can help with to make his life easier is part of my job . "
Fast rise
The 26 - year - old began working for Barack Obama a couple of years ago .
After getting his degree in political science and public policy , he landed a job in the then senator 's Washington DC post room , where he made less than £ 20,000 a year .
Within 12 months , Reggie got promoted to personal aide and found himself travelling across America on the campaign trail with the future president .
Reggie Love has travelled around the US with Barack Obama
That earned him a pay rise too .
He 's said to be on £ 75 k for his 18 - hour day , which starts at dawn with a workout with Obama .
And Reggie 's not one to mess with in the gym .
He can bench press 350 lbs ( 158kg ) .
He even used to play basketball and American football at a high university level .
Barack Obama 's described the fitness guru as " the best athlete I know " .
The two men may be 20 years apart in age but their love for basketball has brought them closer together .
During the primaries , they hit the court on the day of an election for good luck .
It became a strict ritual and when they did n't play , they ended up losing the primary like in New Hampshire and Nevada .
They apparently never talk about politics but sometimes sit on the couch and watch late night sports TV .
Reggie even has tattoos along the inside of his arms in honour of his boss and the Democratic party which say , My Word , My Bond , My Boyz , My Blood .
' Mentally gruelling ' President Obama reckons Reggie 's more than a personal assistant .
He said : " I 'll keep him as long as I can .
He 's like a real buddy to me . "
Last week , when President Obama walked into the Oval Office for the first time as leader of the nation , Reggie was photographed standing by his side .
But even though some may see Reggie 's job as glamorous , he 's said it 's mentally gruelling .
Barack Obama told reporters : " There are times he will take a pillow into the hall and sleep while he 's waiting for me to brush my teeth . "
But the PA 's enthusiasm and young blood is a good thing .
That 's what the President says .
He 's glad he has someone to keep him up to date with what 's hot and what 's not in the music scene .
He said : " Probably every morning there is at least one thing I forget in my room that he makes sure to grab .
" I would have lost my iPod a long time ago .
I have hipped him to Aretha Franklin and John Coltrane and he in turn has downloaded Jay - Z and Lil Wayne and some of these folks so that I am you know , not a complete fuddy duddy . "
As for girlfriends , Reggie 's apparently single but he 's thought to be one of Washington 's most eligible bachelors .
It 's not hard to see why .
Read : Cannabis law change comes into force
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
UPDATE : If you approve of what we did this week , and what to help make sure we can still do it in the future , please pledge to support us : http://www.pledgebank.com/supportmysociety
The vote on concealing MPs ’ expenses has been cancelled by the government !
In other words – we won !
This is a huge victory not just for transparency , it ’s a bellwether for a change in the way politics works .
There ’s no such thing as a good day to bury bad news any more , the Internet has seen to that .
Over 7000 people joined a Facebook group , they sent thousands of emails to over 90 % of all MPs .
Hundreds of thousands of people found out about the story by visiting TheyWorkForYou to find something they wanted to know , reading an email alert , or simply discovered what was going on whilst checking their Facebook or Twitter pages .
Almost all of this happened , from nowhere , within 48 hours , putting enough pressure on Parliament to force change .
Make no mistake .
This is new , and it reflects the fact that the Internet generation expects information to be made available , and they expect to be able to make up their own minds , not be spoon fed the views of others .
This campaign was always about more than receipts , it was about changing the direction of travel , away from secrecy and towards openness .
Today we stopped moving in the wrong direction .
Tomorrow we start moving the right way .
Sign up to our news mailing list ( box on the right ) to get updates on what mySociety gets up to .
Christmas Tragedy Cologne Man Kills Himself at Russian Roulette
It was a drunken act of madness that went tragically wrong :
An inebriated German man decided to play Russian roulette with a loaded revolver in front of his family at Christmas , and lost .
He ’s from the same family that produced President - elect Barack Obama .
He shares many of the same hopes and dreams .
He ’s even got the same name .
This Barack Obama , 26 , a cousin who was named after the president - elect ’s Kenyan father , was elated when someone with African roots rose to the world ’s most powerful job .
“ I felt I could do anything , ” said the lanky student , whose buddies now call him “ the President ” after his famous U.S. relative .
“ I felt anything is possible . ”
There is no question the U.S. president - elect ’s victory has encouraged countless Africans to reach for new heights .
But as the euphoria over his election begins to fade here , young Africans are beginning to see his inspirational story as bittersweet .
Advertisement
As the American Obama ’s success is institutionalized in pictures hanging in schools and buses and in speeches in parliament promoting change , many are coming to see his against - the - odds accomplishment as something that was really only possible in the United States .
In Africa , money , ethnicity and family connections still count more toward success than does hard work .
Bribes usually trump talent ; corruption tops integrity .
Young Africans hoping to follow in Obama ’s footsteps -- even those with the same name -- may face disappointment and disillusionment .
“ The hope might be false , ” said youth activist Joshua Nyamori .
“ Today Obama ’s story is not possible in Kenya .
If Barack ran in Kenya , he would have failed . ”
This month , the president - elect ’s young cousin finished his college exams and is now hitting the pavement in search of work as an electrical engineer .
But fewer than half of Kenya ’s university graduates find employment , and this Barack Obama is already feeling decidedly more somber about his future .
He can count only two of his friends in the last four years who have been hired after graduation .
Advertisement
“ We have diplomas but no jobs , ” he said .
“ It ’s almost a waste of time . ”
Yet all around him is Obama - inspired hype .
The mythology surrounding the presidential campaign is already as deeply rooted as the mango trees around Lake Victoria .
From the campus of Sen. Barack Obama Secondary School to Obama ’s ancestral homestead , teachers , parents and elders wag their fingers at the young , repeating the mantra :
See what can happen if you work hard ?
At Obama Secondary School , in rural western Kenya , officials say students were so electrified by the U.S. election that teachers are expecting to see an improvement in year - end test scores .
Advertisement
“ Young people are clamoring for change , ” said Principal Yuanita Obiero .
One of the school ’s top- ranking students , Lillian Boyi , 16 , wonders whether hard work will ever be enough .
She already studies 12 hours a day , six days a week , and dreams of attending medical school .
But a shortage of books means she must share with other students .
There ’s no computer or science lab .
On average , only two graduates a year from the school ’s senior class of about 40 students make it to university .
Nationwide , the odds are n’t much better .
Despite free basic education , fewer than half of Kenyan children make it to high school .
Fewer than 5 % go to college .
Even if Lillian is one of the lucky few , her parents , who are farmers , do n’t have the money for tuition .
Instead , as a girl in a rural area , she will face pressure to marry and have children .
Advertisement
“ In Kenya , you can work hard but still find yourself with nothing , ” she said .
After Kenya ’s disputed presidential election last year , frustration levels soared among young people .
Ethnic clashes killed more than 1,000 people .
Thousands more rioted , looted and burned their voting cards in protest .
Months later , a wave of riots and arson attacks swept across high school campuses nationwide , as young people protested poor conditions , teacher maltreatment and rigorous testing schedules .
President - elect Obama , just as he appealed to young people in the U.S. , became a role model for many Kenyans .
Advertisement
“ It ’s one thing when an older person here tells you , ‘ Hey , you can make it , ’ but they themselves have not made it , ” said student leader Otieno Alfred Ogweno , 18 .
“ It ’s different to see someone who actually has made it . ”
Ogweno is already modeling much of his life on the president - elect .
A straight - A student , he is prime minister in Kenya ’s mock Children ’s Parliament .
He ’s appeared on television defending campus protests and writes a newspaper column for teens .
Though he too is a distant cousin of the president - elect , his family is n’t rich or well connected .
He ’s a member of the Luo ethnic group , which has long been at odds with the politically dominant Kikuyus .
Obama ’s father ran into the same ethnic roadblock when he returned to Kenya from the U.S. and entered politics .
Inspired by Obama , Ogweno took a year off after high school last year to work as a youth organizer , setting up nonprofit money - raising ventures to help students earn cash for school fees .
Advertisement
“ My dream is to lead this country , and the continent , ” said Ogweno , who is planning to study law next year .
He ’s got so much energy , his foot almost never stops tapping and he speaks in rapid - fire bursts of words .
Teachers and adults , he said , often call him rude because he has an opinion on every issue .
But asked to name someone who has achieved the same success and overcome the same obstacles here that Obama did in the U.S. , Ogweno is stumped .
He could think only of a Kenyan minister who was assassinated .
“ That ’s a tricky question , ” he said after a long pause .
Even in his own family , unemployment is rampant and success stories are rare .
Advertisement
“ My uncle has a master ’s degree in engineering and now he ’s sweeping floors , ” he said .
Does Ogweno ever worry he might face the same fate ?
He thought about it and shook his head .
“ No , ” he said .
“ For me it ’s 110 % possible .
I will make it . ”
The story of the other Barack Obama , the young electrical engineering student , shows how the best - laid plans can come up against the harsh realities of Africa .
Advertisement
He entered the world with high expectations , named for the president - elect ’s successful father , an economist who died in a car crash the day after the young man was born .
He dreamed of becoming a doctor and thrived academically .
But his father died of malaria when he was a young boy .
Then in high school , he lost his mother to cancer .
An uncle made sure the young man finished his studies , and he applied for medical school .
But a Nairobi - based college twice rejected him .
The family blames tribalism and nepotism -- they ’re from the wrong tribe and refused to pay a bribe .
He ended up in a less prestigious polytechnic school .
Advertisement
“ It ’s all a matter of who you know , ” he said .
As the optimism he felt after the U.S. election begins to fade , he ’s looking at his situation a bit more practically and , perhaps , cynically .
He said he plans to ask relatives close to the president - elect if they ’ll help him get a visa to study in the U.S .
Nyamori , the youth activist , said it ’s not surprising that young people take away such lessons .
He said it might be another generation before Kenya offers the same opportunities found in the U.S. Still , he said , the inspirational story from across the ocean is vital .
“ Hope is the thing that gives you the strength to wake up , ” he said .
“ Even false hope is better than no hope at all . ”
Advertisement
--
edmund.sanders@latimes.com
James Franco Kisses David Letterman and Sean Penn ( VIDEO )
appeared on Friday night to talk about his new film Milk .
In the film , Franco 's character kissesplayed by
Letterman was very interested in the liplock scene and questioned Franco at length about the encounter .
Franco admitted to being very nervous about getting it right .
Letterman was incredulous and said , " Do you really want to be good at kissing a guy ? "
Franco smiled and said , " If you want it , I 'd be willing to kiss you right now . "
He moves in close and gives Dave a sample .
The film , which opens November 26 , tells the true story of California 's first openly gay elected official , Harvey Milk , a San Francisco Supervisor who was assassinated along with Mayor George Moscone by San Francisco Supervisor Dan White .
Check out the Letterman kiss and the movie trailer for Milk below .
Iceland has become deeply embroiled in the credit crisis Share trading in six of Iceland 's biggest financial firms has been halted temporarily , the country 's stock exchange has said .
The includes the country 's three biggest three banks , Kaupthing , Landsbanki and Glitnir .
Iceland 's government said it was drafting a plan to deal with the country 's financial crisis .
Banks now dwarf the rest of the economy , leaving Iceland heavily exposed to the global credit squeeze .
The Iceland Stock Exchange said it had decided to temporarily suspend trading to protect investors ' interests while waiting for a government announcement on its plans .
Sliding currency
The country 's largest banks have now agreed to sell off some of their foreign assets and bring them home , to help bolster the banking sector .
This money will be brought back into Iceland , in an effort to shore up the economy and prevent the currency , the krona , from sliding any further .
Last week , it lost a fifth of its value against the dollar .
The deal , which was announced by Geir Haarde , Iceland 's prime minister , came after frantic talks with political , financial and trades union leaders .
As the crisis in Iceland has unfolded , the government was forced to nationalise Glitnir , the third largest bank , last week .
The government is now trying to persuade the trade union pension funds to repatriate some of their funds too .
After marathon talks at his lakeside residence in Reykjavik , Mr Haarde announced part of a deal late on Sunday .
He said it had been agreed that Iceland 's banks had grown too big and now needed to sell off part of their overseas assets .
Banking troubles
The government also wants the trade unions to return a sizeable portion of their foreign - invested pension funds to Iceland .
To help stabilise Iceland 's troubled economy , the unions are also being urged to agree to wage restraint , despite the country 's inflation rate of 14 % .
But in return , the unions want Iceland to apply for EU membership - a move it has resisted for decades .
Iceland 's economy was traditionally based on fishing , but in the 1990s the banks boomed , expanding abroad and growing to several times the size of the national GDP .
The government stepped in to nationalise Iceland 's third largest bank , Glitnir , last week .
The nationalisation led ratings agencies to downgrade Iceland 's credit rating .
Analysts have warned the troubled banking sector may be too big for Iceland to be able to save .
What is your reaction to the financial crisis ?
Send us your experiences using the form below :
In most cases a selection of your comments will be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
In preparation for Charles Darwin 's upcoming 200th birthday , the editors of Nature compiled a selection of especially elegant and enlightening examples of evolution .
They describe it as a resource " for those wishing to spread awareness of evidence for evolution by natural selection . "
Given the continuing battles over evolution in America 's public schools — and , for that matter , the Islamic world — such a resource is most welcome .
However , I 'd like to suggest another way of looking at the findings below , which range from the moray eel 's remarkable second jaw to the unexpected plumage of dinosaurs .
They are , quite simply , wondrous — glimpses through an evolutionary frame of life 's incredible narrative , expanding to fill every possible nook and cranny of Earth 's biosphere .
After all , it 's hard to stir passion about the scientific validity of evolution without first captivating minds and imaginations .
And this is a fine place to start .
Almost , But Not Quite , a Whale .
The fossil record suggests that whales evolved on land , and intermediate species have been identified .
But what of their last terrestrial ancestor ?
In 2007 , researchers showed that Indohyus — a 50 million - year - old , dog - sized member of the extinct raoellidae ungulate family — had ears , teeth and bones that resembled whales , not other raoellids .
Image : Hans Thewissen / Nature
Out of the Soup .
Whales represented a mammalian return to the water , but an even more extraordinary transition was made by the first creature to venture onto land — and that was made possible by Tiktaalik , discovered in 2004 on Ellesmere Island .
Tiktaalik had a flexible neck and limb - like fins suitable for shallow waters , and , before long , land .
Image : Ted Daeschler / Nature
Dinosaurs of a Feather .
Archaeopteryx , found in 1861 , was long thought to be the first bird .
Then it was recognized as something closer to a dinosaur with feathers — but still unique for that .
In the 1980's , however , paleontologists digging in deposits more than 65 million years old in northern China found feathered dinosaurs which very definitely did not fly .
Some dinosaurs , it appeared , may have looked far different from our traditional conception — and feathers may first have served an insulating or aesthetic , rather than aerodynamic , purpose .
Image : Zhao Chuang & Xing Lida / Nature
A Toothy Finding .
In 2007 , University of Helsinki evolutionary biologist Kathryn Kavanagh showed that molars emerge from front to back , with each tooth smaller than its precedent .
Fodder for geeked - out dentists ?
Far from it :
Her model predicted tooth development of rodents with different diets — a perfect confluence of a small mechanical observation and observed evolutionary trajectories .
Image : Kathryn Kavanagh / Nature
The Beginnings of Bones .
Neural crest cells originate in the spinal cord before diffusing through our developing bodies , forming face and neck bones as well as sense organs and skin .
The fossil record , nearly bereft of embryos , provides little direct insight into these critically important stages .
But technologies that let researchers track cells during embryo development finally allowed them to watch the neural crest 's development , culminating in the attachment of head to the body at its front , while the back attachment springs from the mesoderm tissue layer .
With that established , scientists can decipher shared evolutionary histories from muscle attachments : the cleithrum , for example , a bony girdle found in fishes , lives on in humans as the shoulder blade .
Image : Wolfson Institute for Biomedical Research / Nature
Natural Selection in Speciation .
That differing selection pressures will cleave one species into two is a simple principle expressed in complex ways .
One of these is reproductive isolation — when , for example , one species of stickleback fish live in freshwater streams , and the other goes to sea .
Scientists found that stream - bound sticklebacks prefer larger mates , and genetic analysis confirmed that their populations are indeed diverging .
Image : Ellen Edmondson and Hugh Chrisp / New York State Department of Environmental Conservation
Lizard Games .
Take an island in the Bahamas , add a predatory lizard called
Leiocephalus carinatus , and the results are immediate .
Males among the lizard 's favorite prey , Anolis sagrei , soon became longer - legged , so as to better flee after drawing predatory attention during mating displays .
In contrast , more sedentary females became larger , making them harder to ingest — a neat display of sex-specific selection pressures .
Image : WikiMedia Commons
An Evolutionary Arms Race , Frozen in Time .
Predator and prey evolve together ; the adaptations of one driving adaptations in the other .
But how can one study this over time , in detail ?
Biologists from Belgium 's Catholic University of Leuven used water fleas and parasitic mites that had been preserved in the mud of a lake 's bottom .
The sediments were precisely dated and their inhabitants revived , allowing researchers to mix species from different eras and directly measure their developing capacity for infection and escape .
Image : University of Indiana / Daphnia Genomics Consortium
Gene Flow , With Purpose .
If dispersed by random animal migration , genes flowing across a region ought to dilute local pockets of genetic adaptation .
But migration is n't as random as it seems :
As seen in a population of great tits ( the bird ! ) tracked in Oxfordshire ,
England since 1970 , genes flow along channels of opportunity .
Individual birds picking nesting spots best - suited to their particular traits , producing local adaptations in tiny parts of the same small forest .
( These birds , incidentally , belonged to the same population that have shifted breeding times to match a changing climate . )
Image : University of Oxford / Science
Selection Finds Its Own Level .
Since natural selection favors traits that increase fitness , it seems that populations should eventually become genetically homogeneous .
But evolution is n't so one - dimensional :
When researchers adjusted the color frequencies of wild guppy populations in Trinidad , they found that unusual variants — regardless of color — had higher survival rates .
This is called frequency - dependent survival : selection favoring the rare and disfavoring the common , preventing a long - term homogeneity that — no matter how beneficial in the short term — might someday prove disastrous .
Image : Kimberly Hughes / Nature
Making Do . Though so often elegant , evolution can also be jury - rigged and provisional .
Witness the Moray eel , whose body is so long and narrow that — unlike other fish — the suction created when it opens its mouth is too weak to catch prey .
The solution : a second set of jaws and teeth that sprout from the skeleton around its gills .
It 's not pretty , but it works .
Video : Rita Mehta / sciencetranslator / YouTube
The Genes of the Finches .
The Galapagos finches whose beak adaptations were described by
Darwin — and later tracked , over decades , by Peter and Rosemary Grant —
are poster animals for evolution .
In 2006 , researchers found a
genetic unit underlying their oft - described progress : calmodulin , whose expression during embryonic development changes beak shape .
Image : Peter Grant and Arkhat Abzhanov
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
It 's hard to believe that Flash ended up on the good guy side because he must have been a boiling pit of impatient rage underneath that pantyhose .
To explain why I think so , I 'll use a story from my childhood .
In sixth grade , my school spent its special education funding on a used mechanical riding bull for the teacher 's lounge .
They wanted something to relieve tension between classes and since the janitor humped it on the showroom floor , they had no choice but to buy it .
This meant that all of the special ed wranglers were fired and the special needs students were mainstreamed into regular classes .
This made the curriculum change from American History to Coloring and slowed our education down to a rate so slow they did n't teach us a word to describe it .
In fact , by the time eighth grade came , we 'd still only learned 5 words for each letter of the alphabet .
With the exception of letters N through Z , which we had n't got to yet .
So when we were asked to describe our education to parents and evaluation boards , we only had our choice of GOOD , APPLE , and BEAR .
The point is , if Flash was a normal sixth grader , the rest of the Super Friends were a group of mainstreamed retarded children who slowed him down to the point of ...
BEAR .
It must have seemed like a year waiting for the rest of his hero friends to finish their sentences , and that 's not counting Apache Chief .
He talked so slow he had to give his audience an intermission when he was reading them a one panel Family Circus comic .
And thanks to a federal mandate from the Cartoon Native Preservation
Act , the show was legally required to give him at least two lines a week .
If you added up all time of our childhoods taken up in the silence between that damn guy 's words , we could have all learned how to needlepoint .
Now just think : if you were the Flash , every person you met would sound like Apache Chief .
SUPER THEATER !!
Time Travel
Video ( 1:03 )
Meet Kid Flash !
( Old School )
Video ( 1:02 )
High Speed Molecular Action
Video ( 1:02 )
vs. Blue Bolt .
Plus ... KITTY !
( Old School )
Video ( 1:55 )
Escape Into Space
Video ( 0:37 )
Outsmartting Gorillas
Video ( 0:50 )
vs. Space Hookers
Video ( 1:02 )
Windmill Insanity
Video ( 1:01 )
You 've probably seen normal everyday people suddenly go into an unstoppable rage because someone took 1.5 seconds too long to figure out the light turned green .
I 've personally broken my face headbutting an ATM in nearly every state in our great country because sometimes I swear the machine has to send a slow - moving ATM troll through a series of secret underground tunnels to find my money .
The Flash moves at about the speed of light , so in the one second it took for you to freak out in a movie line , approximately one hundred and five years went by from his point of view .
That means if you take all the time there 's been since Jesus was tortured to death to right now and add in the thousand years before Jesus where people worshipped half - eaten caveman babies , that 's how long a thirty second Pepsi girl commercial lasts for the Flash .
And I do n't care what theological horror stories you 've heard from your comparative religion course , three millenia of Pepsi girl kicks the shit out of any existing religion 's concept of hell .
The cartoon never really brought up the Flash 's frustration , and they never seemed to think his powers all the way through either .
If you drive a motorcycle at 80 miles per hour , your cheeks fill with air and it kind of feels like your face is trying to tear itself off .
And if a bug hits you at that speed it feels like tiny lumberjacks climbed onto your shoulder and are hitting your head with their adorable but deadly axes .
It hurts .
If the Flash really ran at the speed of light , you 'd find his body about 200 miles away from where the wind sheared his skin off , and he'd have a beachball - sized hole in his chest from where he hit a grasshopper at a zillion billion miles an hour .
His powers were n't close to the most insane part of the Flash , though ; his villains were .
There was no super villain equivalent of him like all the other heroes got .
No Admiral Fast or some kind of Time Master guy , or even just a dude with lots of fly paper he could lay down .
The Flash 's arch - nemeses were Gorilla Grodd and Captain Cold .
In someone 's crazy mind the perfect counter for super speed was an eskimo with a snowball gun and a talking monkey .
Why not .
The same logic worked for our Olympic hockey team when we countered the Russian team 's speed by finding a wingman that had a tail and a really fucked up hat .
Continue to the Flash Part 2 ->
The 5,000 - year - old Tyrolean iceman may have used bog moss as a prehistoric wound dressing , according to a new analysis of his body 's remains .
Suffering from an arrow wound and a deep cut to the right hand , the iceman , known as Ötzi , may have engaged in some ancient first aid using the moss , a well - known wound dressing used as recently as the 20th century .
" If he knew of the useful properties of bog mosses , as seems entirely plausible , then he may have gathered some to staunch the wound or wounds , " wrote James Dickson , an archaeobotanist at the University of Glasgow , and his team in the journal Vegetation History and Archaeobotany .
" Tiny pieces could well have stuck to the blood drying on his fingers and then he accidentally ingested some of them when next eating meat or bread as we know he did during his last few days . "
His medical skills , however , could n't prevent his death ; archaeologists believe he was killed by an arrow .
The analysis of the fauna found near or inside human remains has added new dimensions to the study of the diets and habits of prehistoric people .
The discipline has been particularly fruitful in the case of the iceman .
Archaeologists had previously identified both intestinal parasites in Ötzi 's colon and an anti-parasitic bark fungus that they believe he was using to treat himself .
Five samples of Ötzi 's intestinal tract formed the basis of the new study .
In total , six mosses were found in the bowels of the Iceman of the Alps , who has stirred widespread interest since his discovery in
1991 .
Some of the mosses , the scientists say , reveal aspects of the final days of this Copper Age man .
They believe that the iceman wrapped food in Neckera complanata , a fan moss , because it was found in all of the alimentary samples .
That prevalence suggests that it was used systematically and was n't just accidentally swallowed .
The presence of a different moss found in wet areas indicates that Ötzi drank brackish water in the days leading up to his death .
While the new Ötzi work focused on the digestive track , a separate study published this week in the * Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences *used a different technique to pin down the diet of Peruvians who lived 6,000 to 8,000 years ago .
The examination of starch grains scraped from dirty teeth recovered from an archaeological site revealed that agriculture was in full swing in the region during that time .
" We found starch from a variety of cultivated plants : squash , Phaseolus
beans ... pacay , a fruit from a cultivated tree and peanuts , " said one of the paper 's authors , Dolores Piperno , an archaeobotanist at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute and the National Museum of Natural History , in a press release .
The success of the study — it pushed back the cultivation of beans and pacay 1,000 years — and others like it ( e.g. , last year 's ancient chili pepper story ) show the power of starch - grain analysis , which has been around for decades , but with few practitioners .
The method , popularized by Piperno , could shed even more light on the diets and habits of prehistoric peoples .
" Starch analysis of teeth should greatly improve our ability to address other important questions in human dietary change relating to earlier time periods , such as possible differences between Neanderthal and early modern human diets and their roles in Neanderthal extinction , "
said Piperno .
See Also :
__Citations : __
1 . " Six mosses from the Tyrolean Iceman ’s alimentary tract and their significance for his ethnobotany and the events of his last days " by James H. Dickson , Wolfgang Hofbauer , Ronald Porley , Alexandra Schmidl , Werner Kofler and Klaus Oeggl .
Vegetation History and Archaeobotany : DOI 10.1007/s00334-007-0141-7
2 . " Starch grains on human teeth reveal early broad crop diet in northern Peru " by Dolores R. Piperno and Tom D. Dillehay .
* Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences * : DOI 10.1073/pnas.0808752105
* Image * 1 : Tyrolean iceman .
Credit : Franco Rollo / University of Camerino
* Image 2 .
Hymenostylium recurvirostrum from the sample of food residue taken from the rectum .
Credit : Vegetation History and Archaeobotany . *
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and webpage ; Wired Science on Facebook .
During 2008 , we 've tried to bring you the best how - tos for achieving more with social media tools : everything from Google products to blogging to online video to productivity and beyond .
Twitter , Facebook , StumbleUpon , Friendfeed , and Delicious all got the How - To treatment .
Today , as the year draws to a close , we bring you a hand - picked selection of Mashable 's social media How - To articles in 2008 ; some holiday reading , perhaps , or something to refer back to once you restart the daily grind in 2009 .
Enjoy !
Google How - Tos
How to Sync Google Services With Your Mobile Device
HOW TO : Use Google Reader Like A Rockstar
HOW TO : Get the Most Out of Google Maps
How to Preview New Google Chrome Features
How to Install Google Chrome Greasemonkey Scripts ( Windows Only )
HOW TO : Optimize a Pre-Existing Google AdWords Account
Facebook How - Tos
HOW TO : Add Facebook Connect to Your Blog in 8 Minutes
HOW TO : Search for Facebook Images Based on Shape , Color , Keywords
Twitter How - Tos
HOW TO : Build Community on Twitter
HOW TO : Win Friends and Twinfluence People
How to Improve Your Twinfluence and Twitter Grade
HOW TO : Quiet the Twitter Noise
HOW TO : Go Back in Time , Twitter - style
HOW TO : Turn Your Photos , Videos and Tweets into Stories
HOW TO : Use Twitter for Social Bookmarking
HOW TO : Track Expenses Using Twitter
HOW TO : Auto - Follow People on Twitter
Blogging How - Tos
How to Live Blog a Conference
HOW TO : Convert Your Blog Into a Podcast on iTunes for Free
HOW TO : Use Your Blog ’s Domain as a Lifestream
HOW TO : Market to Bloggers According to Timothy Ferriss
Online Video How - Tos
How to Live Stream Your Life : 20 + Tools and Resources
HOW TO : Create Online Video That Works
How to Master Screencasts in Seven Steps
HOW TO : Add Live Video to Your Applications ( Stickam API )
HOW TO : Convert Videos for Your iPhone ( or Any Mobile Device )
How to Get Incompatible Videos to Your Apple TV Without Lifting a Finger
Social Networking How - Tos
HOW TO : Save Time With Website Registration and Profiles
How to Connect Your Email Address to Your OpenID Account
HOW TO : Get the Most Out of StumbleUpon
HOW TO : Get the Most Out of FriendFeed
HOW TO : Get the Most Out of Technorati
How to Get the Most Out of LinkedIn
Business How - Tos
How to Track 500 Business Blogs in 10 Minutes a Day
How to Manage Your Social Profiles and Create Virtual Business Cards
How to Build Your Online Brand
How to Execute ( Against ) Your Resume
HOW TO : Market a Web Company in a Down Economy [ Video ]
HOW TO : Send Top Secret , Highly Classified Email Over the Web
Productivity How - Tos
HOW TO : Use Web - Based Office Tools Offline
How to Despam Your iPhone Email
25 Resources for Learning How to Customize Your Browser
10 Essential Sites for Tips and How - To’s
Social Media How - Tos
How to Turn Your Business Trip into a Social Media Experience
How to Know if You Should Fire Your Social Media Consultant
How to Measure Social Media ROI for Business
HOW TO : Grow a Startup 300 % in 3 Days ?
SocialMedian Tells All
How to Develop a Social Media Plan for Your Business in 5 Steps
Best of the Rest
How to Chase Hurricane Fay Online
How to Find a Babysitter Online
HOW TO : Patch Your Applications
HOW TO : Instantly iPhone-ize Your Website
HOW TO : Make a Widget From Any New York Times Feed
HOW TO : Find Your Way Around Any New City
Bonus : More of Social Media in 2008
It 's been a busy year , and Mashable has been recollecting the top social media companies and events of 2008 throughout the month of December .
We hope our coverage has helped you to make sense of the hectic pace of social media innovation ; here 's our take on the key themes and happenings ...
24 Most Underrated Websites of 2008
2008 on the Web : The 20 Key Events
8 Most Notable Redesigns of 2008
7 Promising Sites That Died in 2008
2008 in Review : Mashable 's 20 Most Popular Stories
Top image courtesy of iStockPhoto , Kronick
rm -rf Wallpaper Description : Dead computer .
Anonymous Uploaded by Anonymous on Jun 6 , 2007 .
rm-rf - Desktop Nexus Technology Download free wallpapers and background images : rm-rf. Desktop Nexus Technology background ID 8327 .
Dead computer .
Rating : 4.2 Wallpaper Comments ( 3 )
Posted by mary01 on 08/10/09 at 08:14 PM
Posted by twiggz on 02/20/09 at 11:15 PM
Posted by RAZVAN ( Guest ) on 11/11/08 at 04:06 AM View All Comments
+10 Wallpaper Statistics Total Downloads : 1,752
Times Favorited : 3
Uploaded By : Anonymous
Date Uploaded : June 06 , 2007
Filename : computer_dead.jpg
Original Resolution : 1280x1024
File Size : 110.86KB
Category :
Total Downloads : 1,752 Times Favorited : 3 Uploaded By : AnonymousDate Uploaded : June 06 , 2007
Filename : computer_dead.jpgOriginal
Resolution : 1280x1024 File Size : 110.86 KBCategory : Other Share this Wallpaper !
Embedded : Forum Code : Direct URL : ( For websites and blogs , use the " Embedded " code ) Wallpaper
Tags grim reaper , rm rf
Featured Female louisville_singles
30 / F / Louisville Louisville Singles are looking to meet other louisville singles ... babygirl
23 / F / louisville i am a very laid back person , i am very bubbly an love to hangout or go to ..
Leah
25 / F / Ballard
This is my favorite DATING SITE Born and raised in the Pacific Northwest , ..
Tara
28 / F / jonestown
About me ..
Hmm ,
This is always a hard question to answer and recently I.. Ruth
29 / F / louisville I am 29 years old originally from Sumner , WA .
I come from a Catholic ..
Featured Male louisville_guy
26 / M / Louisville Looking for LOUISVILLE SINGLES .
I tend to keep things simple .
At times ..
Matthew22
21 / M / Louisville
Let me start buy saying LOUISVILLE DATING rocks !
I get along with pretty ..
polo0219
29 / M / caneyville
Hey , girls im new to internet dating so be gentle .lol .
I 'm Jimmy by the ..
Dave
31 / M / louisville I am a self employed white male seeking a longterm relationship .
I sell ..
Bill
35 / M / louisville I enjoy life as it comes , try not to think about tomorrow until it gets ..
Carry a plastic bag in Delhi and you could be imprisoned for five years .
Officials in India 's capital have decided that the only way to stem the rising tide of poly­thene is to outlaw the plastic shopping bag .
According to the official note , the " use , storage and sale " of plastic bags of any kind or thickness will be banned .
The new guideline means that customers , shopkeepers , hoteliers and hospital staff face a 100,000 rupee fine ( £ 1,370 ) and a possible jail sentence for using non-biodegradable bags .
Delhi has been quietly filling up with plastic bags in recent years as the economy boomed and western - style shopping malls sprang up in the city .
There are no reliable figures for bag use but environmentalists say more than 10 m a day are used in the capital every day .
Not only are the streets littered with them , but polythene takes hundreds of years to decompose and creates demand for oil , which is used to make plastics .
At first the ban will be lightly implemented , giving people time to switch to jute , cotton , recycled - paper and compostable bags .
Newspapers in India quoted city officials as saying that the authorities did not " want people to be harassed and no prosecution will take place immediately ; [ once they ] understand that by using plastic bags they will be in contempt of court , they will start using other material " .
The first targets in Delhi will be the industrial units that manufacture the plastic bags in the capital , which officials say will be closed down .
Civil servants said that punitive measures were needed after a law prohibiting all but the thinnest plastic bags – no thicker than 0.04 mm – was ignored .
Although the government had originally concluded that plastic bags were too cheap and convenient to be disposed of , the authorities appear to have been swayed by environmentalists who pointed out that used bags were clogging drains and so providing breeding grounds for malaria and dengue fever .
There is evidence that prohibition of plastic bags can work .
Countries such as Rwanda , Bhutan and Bangladesh have all had bans enforced .
I ’m happy to announce the release of ruby - prof 0.7.0 , the superfast , open - source , Ruby profiler that helps you find bottlenecks in your Ruby code .
This release was a joint effort , with major contributions from Jeremy Kemper ( aka bitsweat ) of Rails fame and Hin Boen from CodeGear .
There are two major new features in this release , as well as a number of smaller enhancements and bug fixes .
For a full list of changes , take a look at the release notes .
The first major new feature is improved Rails profiling , which I ’ll talk about in a separate post .
The second major feature is significant internal changes that make it easier to integrate ruby - prof with IDEs .
ruby - prof is already being used by Aptana ’s RadRails and has been integrated into the next version of Code Gear ’s 3rd Rail .
As part of this work , Hin has built a user interface for ruby - prof that lets a user inspect individual methods to see how much time they took as well as how they were called .
One big problem though , previous versions of ruby - prof only kept track of aggregate data .
This made it impossible for Hin to create the user interface he wanted .
For example , look at this call sequence :
A / \ B K / \ \ C D B / \ C D
With earlier versions of ruby - prof , there was no way to tell what percent of the time spent in method C was a result of the A -> B ->
C call sequence versus the A -> K -> B -> C call sequence .
Or take another example :
A K | | B B | | C D
In this case , if you tried to reconstruct the call sequence from ruby - prof you would end up with this incorrect result :
A K | / B / \ C D
So working with Hin , I rearchitected ruby - prof to keep track of full call sequences .
Most likely you wo n’t notice any difference – the changes will only affect you if you use ruby - prof ’s api to present results in a custom way .
In that case , you ’ll have to update your code , which should only take a few minutes ( to see the api in use , take a look at the various printer classes that ship with ruby - prof ) .
Enjoy , and all feedback is welcome .
NEXT POST
Snack on This From yesterday 's post - guv meeting pool report : Asked about future cabinet selections he pantomimed a zipped lip .
As Emanuel came back , introducing himself as " Rahm , " Obama laughed .
" My minder here is getting nervous , " he said , snacking on a handful of nuts ....
Morning in America 26 January , 2009
This conversation did not happen .
I did have it ready in my head for the morning after inauguration , but circumstance did n’t allow it .
Oh well .
Picture of what Morning in America really means to me after the jump …
Yeah , bitches .
I was there .
New start from old wounds
By David Leon Moore , USA TODAY
PORTLAND  Monday morning , 25 years after the ferocious punch that changed both their lives and forced the NBA to get serious about penalizing violence , Rudy Tomjanovich is again coming up from behind Kermit Washington .
As he gets within arm 's length , Washington wheels and ... extends his right hand .
" Hey , Kerm , " Tomjanovich says , smiling warmly .
" Hey , Rudy , " Washington replies .
Rudy Tomjanovich ( left ) says he forgave Kermit Washington years ago .
By Robert Hanashiro , USA TODAY
Tomjanovich and Washington , on opposite ends of probably the scariest incident in NBA history , shake hands .
" Sorry about yesterday , " Washington says , referring to the game the Houston Rockets , coached by Tomjanovich , blew Sunday in Los Angeles to the Clippers .
" That 's life , " says Tomjanovich , in town for the Rockets game tonight against the Portland Trail Blazers .
They sit down , make small talk for a few minutes , then over the next hour in an exclusive interview talk openly and in - depth for the first time in one another 's company about the night of Dec. 9 , 1977 , at the Forum in Inglewood , Calif. , when Washington , in a game between his Los Angeles Lakers and Tomjanovich 's Rockets , nearly killed Tomjanovich .
The familiar , horrifying video clip has been shown thousands , maybe millions , of times .
Tomjanovich , then a 29 - year - old , 6 - 8 All - Star forward with a feathery shooting touch , rushing to the aid of teammate Kevin Kunnert , who tussled first with Kareem Abdul - Jabbar , then Washington .
Washington , then a 26 - year - old , 6 - 8 power forward , feeling someone rushing up behind him , turning and delivering a frightful right - hand punch that basically shattered Tomjanovich 's face and left him lying motionless in a pool of blood .
Those who saw it will never forget it .
Abdul - Jabbar did n't see it but has said he will never forget the sound of the impact .
Or the sound afterward , as everyone waited for a sign of life .
" It was the loudest silence you have ever heard , " former Rockets guard Mike Newlin recalled in the recently published The Punch , author John Feinstein 's riveting story of the fight and the lives of the two men involved .
The book has brought the incident back into the public eye and has brought together Tomjanovich and Washington , who never had a substantial conversation with one another until they read proofs of the book and started up a relationship that is getting more friendly with each passing day .
For years , both were haunted by that night .
And both have traveled difficult roads since then .
For years , it seemed , Tomjanovich , who had five surgeries in all , was known only as the guy who got nailed .
Washington , who was fined $ 10,000 and suspended 60 days without pay , was the hulking villain who nearly killed the popular Rudy T .
Tomjanovich , who retired as a player in 1981 , is now 54 and has rebounded wonderfully , coaching the Rockets to NBA titles in 1994 and 1995 and , a few years later , launching a life - altering recovery from alcoholism .
He coached the 2000 Olympic team to the gold medal .
Washington , who retired in 1982 , is 51 and has struggled in recent years , losing a lot of money on several business ventures , going through a divorce , failing to land what he says he is perfect for — an assistant coaching position in the NBA .
There are those who know both who worried they would never be able to find closure from their fateful clash .
Tomjanovich seems to have found it , seeming at times way too blissful for someone engaged in the day - to - day NBA coaching grind .
Washington is hoping that the book and this interview with USA TODAY will help him get there .
" It makes me happy that it 's really come to an end , " Washington says .
" With this article and the book , we wo n't be asked questions anymore . "
Tomjanovich interrupts .
" Well , there might be questions , " he says .
" But it will be more positive . "
Washington can only hope .
" People are saying nice things to me now , " he says .
" I 'm not used to people saying or writing nice things about me .
I 'm not as gun-shy as I used to be .
The thing is , Rudy 's happy .
Rudy 's gotten closure , so I 've gotten closure . "
Learning to let go
Forgiveness ?
That was a gradual thing for Tomjanovich .
An hour or so after the punch , he was in a hospital being told by a doctor that he was leaking spinal fluid from his brain , that he would n't play basketball the rest of the season , that he was headed up to intensive care , that indeed his life was in danger .
Tomjanovich wanted to rush back to the Forum and get in a few punches of his own .
" The doctor told me , ' Wait a minute , man , I 'm telling you something right now , ' " Tomjanovich says .
" You have to get on a path to healing , and any negative thoughts are going to hurt you .
That was the first time I got into this sort of sticking to the positive .
Before and after After the punch , Rudy Tomjanovich and Kermit Washington continued their NBA playing careers .
Tomjanovich , 29 at the time of the punch , played three more seasons with Houston .
Washington , 26 at the time , played another five seasons with Boston , San Diego , Portland and Golden State .
Their stats before and after the Dec. 9 , 1977 , incident :
Tomjanovich Before After Games 580 188 Points 18.1 15.3 Rebounds 8.7 6.0 Washington Before After Games 214 293 Points 6.3 11.3 Rebounds 6.7 9.6
" I was like anybody else .
I had a lot of negativity in my life .
Since then , over the years , I 've learned to look at life a different way .
I had to .
When I had to recover from drinking , you have to have a psychic change .
You have to change everything , from the inside out .
That disease is such a negative killer .
I had to learn to get rid of resentment , anger , being a martyr , being a victim .
I 've learned to let those things go . "
Any bitterness Tomjanovich felt toward Washington evaporated over the years , even though for a long time Washington did not seek him out to apologize .
Tomjanovich made that discovery when he was going through his treatment program in 1998 .
" There 's this step where you have to do a personal inventory on every resentment you have , every fear you have , " he says .
" I have to be honest with you , I did n't bring up Kermit .
That 's interesting now that I think back about it .
I did not have Kermit on my list of people I was resentful for .
" Not to be too philosophical , but if you 've got the right attitude , you do n't have to forgive anybody .
You 're not judging all the time .
You understand what I 'm saying ?
People make mistakes .
You know what ?
It ai n't my place to pass judgment on Kermit .
" He did say he was sorry , and that 's great .
But even if he did n't say he was sorry , I had to let it go for my own sake .
Or else I 'm playing God . "
Over the years , Washington has expressed his bitterness about being cast as the villain .
He has complained that Kunnert should have shouldered some of the blame , Washington says , for starting the fight .
To some , he has come across as unrepentant .
In the book , Washington is taken to task by Tomjanovich 's former teammate John Lucas for not apologizing for his attack more convincingly
" I wish he could just say , ' I 'm sorry .
I screwed up , ' " Lucas says .
" All the years , all I 've heard over and over again is , ' I 'm sorry , but ... ' "
Lucas , coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers , is a recovering drug addict who has counseled drug abusers .
" There 's no peace in ' I 'm sorry , but . '
You can't find peace until you truly understand that the only thing to say is , ' I 'm sorry , ' period . "
Washington listens again to the quote and says , basically , he 's sorry , period .
" Rudy realizes that I 'm sorry , and I 'm glad that he 's forgiven me , " he says .
" People say , ' Why are you saying that now ?
Because you want people to like you ? '
No , I 'm saying it because I 'm really glad that he 's doing well , and I 'm glad that maybe when I die , they wo n't have on my grave , ' The guy who hit Rudy Tomjanovich . '
" This gives me an opportunity to tell people I 'm sorry , publicly .
Not ' I 'm sorry , but . ' "
But there is a " but . "
Washington says his punch was simply instinct .
He felt threatened .
He responded .
" Rudy ran to help his friend , and I would have done the same thing , " he says .
" Unfortunately , I did n't know who he was and I turned and I swung and he was injured .
That changed everything .
" All of a sudden , I was ostracized , and I can understand that .
People hated me , which I understood .
They really hated me .
You could sense that .
Their eyes were looking at you like , ' I 'd like to kill you . '
" But I understood that .
I dealt myself a certain hand .
I had to live with that hand .
I could n't turn it in . "
He 's still playing that hand , and he says that 's keeping him out of the NBA .
Looking to the future
Washington graduated with honors from American University .
He was an assistant coach with Tom Davis at Stanford .
He ran Pete Newell 's Big Man Camp .
He is an acknowledged expert in weight training .
" Who knows , I might be a horrendous coach , but with my rÃ©Â ³ÂµmÃ©Â¬Â without the fight , I 'd have to get a shot , " he says .
" I 've even told coaches I would work for free for a year , because I know I can help players .
If I 'm no good , it costs you nothing . "
Washington , who lives near Portland in Vancouver , Wash . , took a coaching job last winter in China , where he got a long look at 7 - 5 Rockets rookie Yao Ming .
But his team ran out of money , and he headed back home .
He currently is working with the McKinsey River Basketball Academy and Conference Center in Eugene , Ore. , a basketball camp for high school , college and professional players .
And Washington travels once or twice a year to Africa with Project Contact , a charity he organizes that sends volunteer doctors and nurses to provide medicine and treatment .
Neither Tomjanovich nor Washington is getting any money from the book , but Washington is promoting a Vancouver bookstore ( somanybooks.net ) that is donating $ 2 a copy to Project Contact .
Washington is not sure where or when a career break might come .
But he believes he is making progress in restoring his image .
And he has a new friend .
" Rudy 's a good guy , a very good human being , and I did n't know that before , " he says .
" Any time Rudy might need anything , I would be there — guaranteed — for him more than anyone else . "
Tomjanovich , who has found peace , has high hopes for Washington .
" I can imagine a little bit what he 's been through , " he says .
" For me , the punch was like an event .
But for him , it was like a scar . "
The conversation winds down , and there are pictures to be taken .
They are encouraged to smile .
" Say Yao Ming , " Tomjanovich says , and they both laugh .
They shake hands again .
" Talk to you , Kerm , " Tomjanovich says on his way out .
" Yeah , " Washington says .
" I 'll come to your game tomorrow . "
ACME is a unique service called “ Tech - Direct ” .
If you have a simple problem , are not sure if you need a highly - trained Sub Zero refrigerator repair technician , like to do things yourself or just have a home appliance related question , call us 7 - days a week between 7 am and 7 pm and talk to one of our qualified service technicians on the phone .
Ca n’t get to a phone during that time ?
Simply Contact
Us via eMail and we will respond as soon as possible .
Our service technicians are committed to providing the most reliable and dependable service to our residential customers for all of their Sub Zero and Wolf appliance repair needs and our goal is to keep your Sub Zero refrigerator repair and Wolf appliances working properly for many years .
The heavy equipment maker , Caterpillar , announced layoffs on Monday and warned of a tough year ahead as a downturn that began in the United States metastasized into a full - blown global recession , gutting orders for its earth - moving equipment .
The world ’s largest maker of construction and mining machines , which also reported lower - than expected fourth - quarter earnings , said on Monday it was laying off 17,000 workers , and buying out 2,500 others , to reduce costs in the face of what it predicted would be the weakest year for business since the end of WWII .
The company said earlier that it was offering employees incentives to leave voluntarily , the company said .
The company cut its outlook for 2009 and seemed to raise the possibility that it would report a loss in the current quarter .
The news sent Caterpillar shares skidding 8 percent in premarket trading , pulling the broader market lower .
( CNN ) --
An ancient race that lived 2,700 years ago in the Gobi Desert may have been among the first to use cannabis for medical or religious purposes .
Researchers believe an ancient Gushi shaman may have consumed or burned pot for medical or religious purposes .
Nearly two pounds of the plant was found stashed in the tomb of a Gushi shaman .
It was high in the chemical compounds that provide its psychoactive properties .
" It had evidence of the chemical attributes of cannabis used as a drug , " said Dr. Ethan Russo , an author of a study published in the Journal of Experimental Botany .
" It could have been for pain control .
It could have been for other medicinal properties .
It could have been used as an aid to divination . "
The Gushi people were a Caucasian race with light hair and blue eyes who likely migrated thousands of years ago from the steppes of Russia to what is now China .
A nomadic people , they were accomplished horsemen and archers .
Chinese archaeologists excavating a network of 2,500 tombs near the town of Turpan in the Xinjiang - Uighur Autonomous Region unearthed the shaman 's grave , which contained the cannabis , along with a trove of artifacts such as bridles , archery equipment and a rare harp .
The shaman is thought to have been about 45 years old when he died .
Many of the bodies recovered in the area were found in an incredibly well - preserved , almost mummified condition .
The shaman , however , was a skeleton .
" The deceased was laid out on the bottom of this tomb on a little bier , " Russo said .
" This individual seemed to be very high status because of the variety and quality of the grave goods , including the equestrian equipment , the archery equipment and the large amount of cannabis . "
Russo said no pipe for smoking the cannabis was found in the shaman 's tomb .
Researchers think he might have eaten the cannabis or possibly put it on a burning fire to create fumes .
They do n't think it was used to make hemp clothing or rope , as some other early cultures did .
Genetic analysis of the plant suggests it was cultivated rather than gathered from the wild .
This find is not the first or the oldest example of ancient people using cannabis , but it may be the best studied .
" There may have been older finds of cannabis , but not with this level of scientific investigation attached to them , " Russo said .
All About China • Gobi Desert • Illegal Drugs
Artboard colours , why am I doomed to have a rectangle sitting at the bottom of every document and it being my responsibility for it to be sized beyond the bleed as a crutch for this lacking feature .
Having to check preview in every filter / modifier dialog box instead of the app being properly multithreaded to handle an expensive operation automatically without locking the UI up .
Hiding an object does n’t remove it from draw operations correctly , if a document contains a heavy object then EVERY interaction with that document will have a second pause while those hidden vectors are processed for some reason .
A4 and A3 paper sizes but not A5 … yet they include not one but two Kindle Fire resolutions as defaults .
( Ca n’t find any way to modify this list either )
Mother fucking multipage PDF import , NO EXCUSES !
Acrobat profits be damned !
Finally , when exporting for printing Illustrator puts unnecessary responsibility on the designer to make sure they save their document , then outline the fonts then save as a PDF then undo outlining the fonts to make sure that if they leave the doc open future changes do n’t happen to a flattened file .
Many designers have a Stockholm Syndrome about this saying you should just be expected to do that but I honestly do n’t understand why I have to perform this tedious dance every time I send a file to print and often I have had Junior Designers saving over .ai files with outlined fonts .
If they can have a seemingly pointless Save for MS Office menu item why do n’t they have a Export for Printers command that automates this and outputs a PDF to an / Exports / folder leaving the original file completely untouched .
When using software like After Effects the document workflow and export workflow are two entirely different processes , I do n’t see why in Illustrator they should occupy the same space when and overlap each other .
In a perfect world I would hit File > Export for Printing then get a dialog up with options for outlining fonts etc and where I want the file saved .
Then every time I hit the menu option after that it just exports another file on top of the last one with the same settings .
Making a small copy change for a client with the system I propose
Open File > Change Copy > Save File > Export
The current Illustrator workflow
Open File > Change Copy > Save File > Outline Fonts > Save As > PDF > PDF Dialog >
Make sure you close the document to discard the font outlining .
Feline Reactions to Bearded Men
by Catherine Maloney , Fairfield University , Fairfield , Connecticut , Sarah J. Lichtblau , University of Illinois , Champaign , Illinois Nadya Karpook , University of Florida , Gainesville , Florida Carolyn Chou , University of Pennsylvania , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Anthony Arena - DeRosa , Harvard University , Cambridge , Massachusetts
Abstract
Cats were exposed to photographs of bearded men .
The beards were of various sizes , shapes , and styles .
The cats ' responses were recorded and analyzed .
Findings of Prior Investigators
Boone ( 1958 ) found inconclusive results in studying feline reactions to clean - shaven men .
O'Connor and Brynner ( 1990 ) found inconclusive results in studying feline reactions to shaven heads .
Quant ( 1965 ) found inconclusive results in studying feline reactions to bangs .
Seuss ( 1955 ) found inconclusive results in studying feline reactions to hats .
Ciccone ( 1986 ) found inconclusive results in studying feline reactions to hairy legs .
Other related studies ( Smith / Brothers 1972 , Conroy 1987 , Schwartzenegger 1983 ) have since been retracted because the investigators were not able to reproduce their results .
Norquist ( 1988 ) performed a series of experiments in which cats were exposed to photographs of Robert Bork [ 1 ] ( not pictured here ) , a man whose beard is confined largely to the underside of the jaw .
After viewing the Bork photograph , 26 % of the cats exhibited paralysis of the legs and body , including the neck .
An additional 31 % of the cats exposed to the Bork photograph showed other types of severe neurological and / or pulmocardial distress and / or exhibited extremely violent behavior .
Because of this , we did not include a photograph of this type of bearded man in our study .
Materials
Five photographs were used in the study .
The photographs , reproduced here , display a range of different types of bearded men .
( As noted above , one type of bearded man was , however , excluded from use in this study . )
The test subjects were female cats , all between the ages of four and six .
214 cats participated in the study .
Three cats died during the study , due to causes unrelated to the bearded men .
Fifteen cats gave birth while viewing the photographs . [ 2 ]
Methods
Each cat was exposed to the photographs .
One photograph was shown at a time .
Each photograph was visible for a span of twenty seconds .
The photographs were presented in the same order to each cat .
While each cat was viewing the photographs , it was held by a laboratory assistant .
To ensure that the cats were not influenced by stroking or other unconscious cues from the assistant , the assistant was anesthetized prior to each session .
The cats ' reactions were assessed for changes in pulse rate , respiration , eye dilation , fur shed rate , and qualitative behavior .
Results
The results are presented in Table 1 .
The quantitative results are average values calculated over the entire feline subject population .
The qualitative results are broken out by percentages of the subject population .
Table 1 Pulse Rate : Runkel : + 42 % Crafts : unchanged Despradelle : +87 % Pritchett : +2 % Wiener : unchanged Respiration : Runkel : + 186 % Crafts : unchanged Despradelle : +317 % Pritchett : + 3 % Wiener : unchanged Eye Dilation : Runkel : +23 % Crafts : +1 % Despradelle : +31 % Pritchett : +3 % Wiener : unchanged Fur Shed Rate : Runkel : + 12 % Crafts : unchanged Despradelle : +19 % Pritchett : +2 % Wiener : unchanged Qualitative Behavior : Runkel : 52 % attacked photograph ; hissing ; spitting ; generally agitated behavior .
34 % fled .
14 % had no visible response .
Crafts : 2 % attacked photograph .
1 % fled .
1 % licked photograph .
94 % had no visible response .
Despradelle : 79 % attacked photograph ; hissing ; spitting ; generally violent , agitated behavior ; chaotic tail twitch ; screeching ; incontinence .
19 % fled .
2 % had no visible response .
Pritchett : 7 % attacked photograph .
1 % fled . 91 % had no visible response .
Wiener : ( 100 % ) No visible response .
Interpretation
Cats do not like men with long beards , especially long dark beards .
Cats are indifferent to men with shorter beards .
Cats are confused and / or disturbed by men with beards that are incomplete ( e.g. , Bork ) and to a lesser degree by men whose beards have missing parts ( e.g. , Crafts ) .
These interpretations are not categorical .
They are subject to several obvious qualifications .
The most notable are listed below .
Qualification A . This study excluded photographs of men with beards confined largely to the underside of the jaw ( see above discussion of Robert Bork ) .
While data are available from studies conducted by other investigators , those studies made use of a different methodology than the one we used in our study .
We are therefore hesitant to interpret our findings in light of the " Bork " findings , or vice versa .
Qualification B . This study was conducted with photographs of bearded men .
In a future study we intend to investigate feline responses to animate bearded men .
A large number of factors might produce significantly different results in the two studies .
In particular , there has been speculation that bearded men produce pheromones which could have a significant effect on cats . [ 3 ]
Acknowledgments
The author wishes to thank The MIT Museum Collection for allowing us to use photographs from its Bearded Men Collection and for generously granting permission to reproduce the photographs as part of this research report .
Special thanks to Sally Beddow for assistance in selecting appropriate photographs ( the Collection includes more than 71,000 photographs of bearded men ) and to Warren Seamans and Kathy Thurston .
Special thanks also to Lisa
Yane for coordinating the scheduling , travel and housing arrangements for the feline subjects and for obtaining medical clearances in connection with anesthetizing the research assistant .
Notes
Bork was a nominee to the United States Supreme Court .
Because of Bork 's distinctive beard , his photograph has been used in reaction studies with dogs , rats , and planaria ( flatworms ) and in bombardment studies with pigeons .
We excluded all data pertaining to the fifteen cats who gave birth while viewing the photographs .
The reproducibility of the GAVE BIRTH / DID NOT GIVE BIRTH data will be addressed in a separate , future study .
Photographs do not , of course , produce pheromones , but they do emanate airborne scents derived from chemicals used in the photo developing process .
Our study with animate bearded men will employ a strategy to eliminate this imbalance : before being shown to the cats , each bearded man will be immersed in a photochemical bath .
Bibliography
Boone , Patrick , " Cat Reactions to Clean - Shaven Men , " in Western Musicology Journal , March / April 1958 , vol. 11 , no.
2 , pp. 4 -21 .
Ciccone , Madonna Louise , " Feline Responses to Hairy Legs , " in Midwestern Sociological Review , January 1986 , vol. 32 , no.
1 , pp 51 - 79 .
Conroy , Gary , " Feline Responses to Ponytails , " in Urban Sociology Review , November 25 , 1987 , vol. 21 , no. 36 , pp. 302-321 .
Norquist , Winthrop Grover , " Feline Reactions to Supreme Court Nominees , " in Journal of Feline Forensic Studies , vol. 12 , no .
8 , August 1988 , pp. 437-450 .
O'Connor , Sinead , and Brynner , Y. , " Feline Responses to Shaven Heads , " in Journal of Head Trauma , May 30 , 1990 , vol. 42 , no. 17 , pp. 309-324 .
Quant , Mary , " Cat Responses to Bangs , " in Tonsological Proceedings , May 1965 , vol. 3 , no.
5 , pp. 251-262 .
Schwartzenegger , A. , " A Study of How Cats Respond to Body Hair , " in Mind / Body Review , December 1983 , vol. 3 , no. 12 , pp. 25-108 .
Seuss , Doctor , " Feline Responses to Hats , " in Veterinary Developmental Studies , July 1955 , vol. 32 , no.
7 , pp. 54 -62 .
Smith , J. , and Brothers , Joyce , " Feline Responses to Healthy Adults , " in Health Advice , September 1972 , vol. 51 , no.
9 , pp. 32-33 .
© Copyright Annals of Improbable Research ( AIR )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Thousands of protesters have attacked banks and shops in Athens and Greece 's northern city of Thessaloniki , angered by the police 's killing of a teenager .
Demonstrators threw petrol bombs , rocks and other objects at the buildings and at police , who responded with tear gas .
In Athens , many protesters have taken refuge in the Polytechnic university , protected by law from police intrusion .
The city centre is still strewn with glass after riots overnight triggered by the shooting in the Exarchia area .
Police said the first day of riots had left 24 police officers injured , one seriously , and 31 shops , nine banks and 25 cars damaged or burned .
It is everyone 's right to demonstrate and to advocate for their rights ...
But I stress , not by destroying the property of others
Prokopis Pavlopoulos
Greek Interior Minister
In pictures : Athens riots Eyewitness : Athens riot Six people were arrested , one of them for carrying a weapon .
Alex Hadjisavvas , the owner of a shop on Patission Avenue in central Athens , told the BBC businesses had been looted and the street resembled a " warzone " .
" The window was smashed , the shop front damaged and a large quantity of stock taken from inside has been used by the rioters as material to start street fires , " he said .
The unrest , the worst in the country in several years , later spread to Thessaloniki , Patras , and the islands of Crete and Corfu .
Police ' powerless '
After a lull in the fighting on Sunday morning , youths left the National Technical University of Athens , known as the Polytechnic , and joined thousands of leftist demonstrators and anarchists on a march towards the police headquarters on Alexandras Avenue .
See main locations of Athens protests
They passed close to where 15 - year - old Alexandros Grigoropoulos was shot dead on Saturday .
One banner called the police " murderers " .
One protester told the BBC he had been greatly angered by the actions of the police .
" It 's not the first time .
They always kill people - immigrants , innocent people - and without any excuse , " he said .
" They murdered him in cold blood . "
The unrest , the worst in several years , has spread throughout the country " I think [ the violence ] is justified .
Peaceful demonstrations cannot get a solution to the problem . "
The march soon turned violent , with protesters chanting " killers in uniform " and throwing petrol bombs at riot police , who fired back tear gas .
Several banks and shops were attacked , while a car showroom was set alight , trapping people living in the floors above .
Clashes also broke out near the parliament .
At least 34 people were injured as a result of the violence on Sunday , officials told the Reuters news agency .
At least 10 demonstrators were detained .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
As night fell , groups of protesters used rubbish bins and overturned cars to erect burning barricades in the streets around the Polytechnic , inside whose campus many have taken refuge in the knowledge that police are prohibited from entering .
The police said they planned to pull out of the area overnight in order to defuse tensions , although many officers were still deployed around the university late on Sunday .
Earlier , a march by more than 1,000 people on two police stations in Thessaloniki descended into violence when protesters attacked police and shops with firebombs and rocks .
MAJOR RIOTING IN GREECE 1973 - Brutal repression of student uprising in Athens helps bring down the military junta 1985 - Youths clash with police in Athens after rally marking 1973 uprising becomes violent and police shoot dead 15 - year - old boy 1991 - Riots break out across the country after a school teacher is killed during protests in Patras 1995 - Riots erupt after protest in Athens and revolt in prison ahead of 1973 uprising 's anniversary 1999 - Police clash with protesters opposing a visit by US President Bill Clinton to Athens 2003 - Youths battle police during an EU summit in Thessaloniki 2008 - Protesters battle police across country after an officer shoots dead a teenager in Athens
There were unconfirmed reports that a policeman was injured and banks and cars set on fire during protests in the western port of Patras .
Clashes were also reported on the islands of Crete and Corfu .
The BBC's Malcolm Brabant in Athens says Greece 's conservative government , which is currently reeling from a series of scandals and economic troubles , is desperately trying to calm the situation .
Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis has written to Andreas Grigoropoulos 's parents expressing his profound sorrow .
Interior Minister Prokopis Pavlopoulos , whose offer to resign was refused by the prime minister , has urged both protesters and police to act with restraint .
The two police officers involved in the shooting of the teenager have been arrested , and an inquiry is under way .
In a statement , the police said their patrol car had been attacked by about 30 youths and responded , with one officer firing a stun grenade and another shooting and fatally wounding the boy .
However , our correspondent says that nothing the politicians or authorities can say or do is likely to reduce the anger that is building .
A similar shooting incident in 1985 led to a lengthy vendetta between the youths and police , with violence continuing for years .
MAIN LOCATIONS OF ATHENS PROTESTS
Thousands of students , leftist demonstrators and anarchists on Sunday marched from the National Archaeological Museum and Polytechnic on Patission Avenue towards the police headquarters on Alexandras Avenue
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Recep Erdogan today received a hero's welcome when he returned home after storming out of a World Economic Forum debate following a clash with the Israeli president over Israel 's offensive against Gaza .
Thousands of people gathered at Ataturk airport , in Istanbul , to greet the Turkish prime minister , waving Turkish and Palestinian flags and chanting : " Turkey is proud of you . "
In a heated exchange , Erdogan told Shimon Peres the Israeli air strikes and invasion of the Palestinian territory were " very wrong " and said " many people have been killed " .
The incident came after a lengthy debate at the Davos forum about the Israeli offensive , in which at least 1,300 Palestinians were killed .
Erdogan tried to rebut Peres as the discussion was ending , asking the moderator , the Washington Post columnist David Ignatius , to let him speak once more .
" Only a minute , " Ignatius said .
Erdogan said : " I remember two former prime ministers in your country who said they felt very happy when they were able to enter Palestine on tanks .
" I find it very sad that people applaud what you said .
There have been many people killed .
And I think that it is very wrong and it is not humanitarian . "
Ignatius said : " We ca n't start the debate again .
We just do n't have time . "
When the Turkish prime minister said : " Please let me finish , " Igatius replied : " We really do need to get people to dinner . "
Erdogan replied : " Thank you very much .
Thank you very much .
Thank you very much .
I do n't think I will come back to Davos after this . "
The confrontation saw both Peres and Ergodan raise their voices , and stunned ther audience , which included Valerie Jarrett , a close advisor to Barack Obama .
" I have know Shimon Peres for many years , and I also know Erdogan , " the former Norwegian prime minister Kjell Magne Bondevik said .
" I have never seen Shimon Peres so passionate as he was today .
I think he felt Israel was being attacked by so many in the international community .
He felt isolated .
" I was very sad that Ergodan left .
This was an expression of how difficult this situation is . "
Amr Moussa , the former Egyptian foreign minister who now leads the Arab League , said Ergodan 's action was understandable .
" Mr Ergodan said what he wanted to say and then he left , " he added .
" That 's all .
He was right . "
Of Israel , he said : " They do n't listen . "
The Coleman campaign has long contended that ballots were counted twice in certain precincts due to clerical errors .
Within their election contest they explicitly address this issue , and for the first time reveal which precincts meet their double counting criteria ; the motion was filled on January 6th , 2009 .
The Coleman campaign also addresses a few other issues pertaining to appearing ballots and other errors .
The contents of this article will focus entirely upon Article 12 of the election contest , beginning on page 4 , and the Exhibits referenced therein :
12 . By way of example only , erroneously and wrongfully included in the vote totals certified by the Board were a significant and material number of : ( a ) Ballots which were counted twice during the Recount due to such Ballots being not marked as " DUPLICATES " and matched with its " Original " Ballot in contravention of Minnesota Statutes § 206.86 , subd .
5 . On information and belief , double - counting has occurred in numerous precincts throughout the State of Minnesota including , without limitation , the precincts described within Exhibit C attached hereto .
The Coleman for Senate campaign filed a Petition with the Minnesota Supreme Court seeking to avoid this double - counting , but the Minnesota Supreme Court , pursuant to Order dated December 24 , 2008 , held that the proper venue for resolution of this issue was an election contest .
A true and correct copy of the Minnesota Supreme Court Order dated December 24 , 2008 relative to double - counting of original and unmarked duplicate Ballots is attached hereto as Exhibit D ; ( b ) Ballots which were not counted on election night but were " found " and counted during the Recount ( despite lack of any chain of custody or other assurance or evidence of the reliability or integrity of such Ballots ) , which Ballots exceed the number of persons who voted in such precincts on Election Day .
This occurred in numerous precincts throughout the State of Minnesota including , without limitation , the precincts described within Exhibit E attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference .
True and correct copies of documents relating to these precincts are attached as Exhibit F hereto and incorporated herein by reference ; ( c ) Alleged Ballots which were not located or viewed during the Recount but which were " counted " during the Recount and included within Recount totals because they were deemed " missing " by the Board , despite any evidence that such alleged Ballots were actually missing and contrary to Minnesota case law .
This occurred in the City of Minneapolis Ward 3 Precinct 1 .
Accordingly , the Board erroneously and inconsistently certified election - night numbers from this precinct , despite the fact that the Board did not certify election - night numbers from any other precincts during the Recount , including , without limitation , the precincts identified within Exhibit C and Exhibit E attached hereto .
True and correct copies of documents relating to the City of Minneapolis Ward 3 Precinct 1 are attached as Exhibit G hereto and incorporated herein by reference ; ... ( f ) Ballots which were challenged by representatives of the Coleman for Senate campaign during the Recount , which challenges were erroneously and inconsistently rejected by the Board and therefore erroneously ruled by the Board as votes for Contestee Al Franken .
( g ) Ballots which were challenged by representatives of the Franken for Senate campaign , which challenges were erroneously and inconsistently upheld by the Board and therefore erroneously not ruled by the Board as votes for Contestant Norm Coleman .
Source : MNCourts.org
Articles 12.D and 12.E govern the improper inclusion or exclusion of wrongfully rejected absentee ballots .
These articles do not directly reference any supporting evidence due to voter protection laws .
The Coleman campaign may have internal data that supports this case , some of which they presented in Exhibit B , but the public release of this information must be cleared with the voter whose ballot they wish to publish .
As such , there is no publicly available information pertaining to the complete subset of wrongfully rejected absentee ballots .
Thus , any consideration involving Articles 12.D and 12.E are omitted .
The entire election contest contains seven exhibits ( A - G ) ; five ( C - G ) are referenced within Article 12 and are analyzed in detail below .
Exhibit A consists of three documents posted on the SOS website pertaining to the recount result .
The first document provides a scan of the Certificate of the Minnesota State Canvassing Board acknowledging the result of the recount as signed on January 5th .
The second document depicts a scanned copy of the recount results by county as of January 3rd .
The final document contains the Senate Recount Canvassing Draft as published on January 4th and presented at the January 5th meeting of the State Canvassing Board .
Exhibit B contains the Order of the Minnesota Supreme Court 's decision regarding absentee ballots on January 5th .
The Exhibit is then divided into Sub-Exhibits , B - 1 and B - 2 . Exhibit B - 1 is further divided into four groups , A - D ; each of which contains scanned copies of the secrecy labels located on the outside of absentee ballots .
Each subgroup contains ballots which were opened and counted during the recount .
Exhibit B - 2 contains scanned absentee ballot labels which were not opened and counted , but the Coleman campaign alleges that they should have been opened and counted .
Let 's begin by looking at the evidence the Coleman campaign presents in Exhibit C :
EXHIBIT C : [ Page 109 of 204 ] PRECINCTS IN WHICH DOUBLE VOTES WERE CERTIFIED BY MINNESOTA STATE CANVASSING BOARD
[ The County / Precinct is the only column listed within the legal brief ; the Errors and Margin column have been appended along with the Total row . ]
County / Precinct Errors Margin ( %) Dakota / Eagan P - 3 9 Col ( 4.11 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W2 - P5 4 Fra ( 49.14 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W3 - P5 4 Fra ( 41.11 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W5 - P6 2 Fra ( 66.18 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W7 - P6 12 Fra ( 36.66 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W7 - P7 9 Fra ( 25.25 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W8 - P7 11 Fra ( 65.00 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W8 - P10 2 Fra ( 61.48 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W9 - P2 6 Fra ( 59.37 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W10 - P2 11 Fra ( 53.81 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W10 - P4 5 Fra ( 57.14 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W10 - P7 1 Fra ( 59.38 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W10 - P10 0 Fra ( 52.14 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W11 - P7 9 Fra ( 42.02 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W11 - P8 22 Fra ( 31.88 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W12 -P8 14 Fra ( 47.00 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W13 - P1 0 Fra ( 29.93 ) Hennepin/ Minneapolis W13 - P3 1 Fra ( 43.13 ) Hennepin / St. Louis Park W3 - P12 1 Fra ( 25.98 ) Saint Louis / Cedar Valley 0 Fra ( 9.16 ) Saint Louis / Duluth P4 2 Fra ( 10.88 ) Saint Louis / Duluth ( Gnesen ) 1 Fra ( 5.72 ) Total 126 Source : MNCourts.org
These 22 precincts originate from an affidavit filed [ Original 18.6 MB ] in connection to the Coleman campaign 's December 19th request to the Minnesota Supreme Court to prevent any ballots from being counted twice .
Their original table included one additional precinct :
County / Precinct Errors Margin ( %) Hennepin/ Robbinsdale W - 4 1 Fra ( 27.56 )
I have no idea why the Robbinsdale precinct was removed from the election contest brief ; although it was the only one , of the 23 , to list " N/ A " as the challenge reason .
Within Article 12.A , the Coleman campaign justifies their inclusion of the 22 precincts included within Exhibit C based upon the Minnesota Supreme Court 's decision on December 24th in Exhibit D regarding unmarked duplicate ballots :
EXHIBIT D : [ Page 111 of 204 ] ... IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT : 1 . The petition of Norm Coleman for relief from the December 19 , 2008 decision of the State Canvassing Board rejecting challenges to unmatched original damaged ballots be , and the same is , denied .
But our denial of the relief requested does not constitute a binding determination in a subsequent election contest proceeding .
2 . Petitioner 's motion for a temporary restraining order be , and the same is , denied as moot .
Dated : December 24 , 2008 BY THE COURT Alan C. Page Associate Justice MAGNUSON , C.J. , and ANDERSON , G. Barry J. , took no part in the consideration or decision of this matter .
...
Source : MNCourts.org
The Minnesota Supreme Court essentially ruled that they could not definitively reach a decision regarding the double counting issue based upon the lack of evidence presented during the oral arguments and within the attached affidavits ( case # A08-2206 ) provided by the Coleman campaign .
The Coleman campaign provided just 20 precincts with anomalous voting errors , as listed in Exhibit C , but based upon my work there appears to be 351 precincts which meet the Coleman campaign 's classification , and likely the correct interpretation of double counted votes .
I 've compiled a comprehensive list of Minnesota 's 4130 precincts and the ad - hoc absentee ballot precinct into a series of tables , detailing these voting anomalies .
These tables are available for download below :
By Precinct : PDF , 588 KB
By County : PDF , 112 KB
Composite of All Precincts and Counties : PDF , 604 KB
Anomalous Precincts Sorted Alphabetically and by Errors : PDF , 200 KB
Had the Coleman campaign presented all 351 precincts , instead of cherry picking precincts likely to favor their cause , the Supreme Court may have reached a more favorable determination .
Instead the Coleman campaign is left fighting an election contest , which may have happened anyway .
Let 's take a look at a few possible outcomes regarding double counting in these 351 precincts :
Error Anomalous Won By Coleman List Precincts Franken Coleman Tie Gain Exhibit C 22 21 1 0 50.9 VoteForAmerica [ 1 ] 9 8 1 0 - 26.9 VoteForAmerica [ 2 ] 351 176 173 2 44.3 VoteForAmerica [ 3 ] 3 2 1 2 46.8 VFA Composite [ 4 ] 356 178 175 2 74.2 Maplewood P-06 1 1 0 0 13.2 St. Paul W - 3 P-09 1 1 0 0 3.9
(1) References non-zero entries within the " Total Voters 11/4 - Pre-Recount Results 11/17 " column of the " Anomalous Results " section from any of the precinct level PDFs provided above .
Maplewood P -06 and St. Paul W - 3 P-09 are not included in this list .
(2) References non-zero entries within the " Total Voters 11/4 - Final Recount Results 1/5 " column .
This list matches the classification used by the Coleman campaign within Exhibit C and is bolded for this reason .
Maplewood P -06 and St. Paul W - 3 P-09 are included in this list .
(3) References non-zero entries within the " Registered Voters 11/4 - Final Recount Results 1/5 " column .
Maplewood P -06 and St. Paul W - 3 P-09 are not included in this list .
(4) References non-zero summations of all three columns present within the " Anomalous Results " section from any of the precinct level PDFs provided above .
Maplewood P -06 and St. Paul W - 3 P-09 are not included in this list .
Note :
The ad - hoc absentee ballot precinct is not included in any of calculations above .
Minneapolis W - 3 P-01 is not included in any of the VFA error lists because there were no errors recorded in any of the three columns present within the " Anomalous Results " section from any of the precinct level PDFs provided above .
After the final day of challenge resolutions on Friday , December 18th , the Coleman campaign knew they trailed .
While the public was unaware of how the withdrawn challenges would lie , my guess is that both campaigns had a fairly good idea of their probable outcome ; which eventually resulted in a Franken lead of between 46 and 50 depending upon the day and the source .
The very next day , on Saturday the 19th of December , the Coleman campaign filed their case with the Minnesota Supreme Court containing their original list of potentially double counted ballots as discussed previously .
The Coleman campaign knew going into the filing that they trailed by about 50 votes and they knew that their list of double counted ballots would probably net them about 50 votes with just the wrongfully rejected absentee ballots left to count .
The Franken campaign had long attempted to include these wrongfully rejected absentee ballots because it would likely add to their vote total ; the Coleman campaign seemed to embrace this reasoning .
Had the Coleman campaign submitted a more comprehensive list of potentially double counted ballots , say a list containing 351 precincts , the Supreme Court may have reached a different conclusion .
The Coleman campaign could have lead going into the wrongfully rejected absentee ballots stage ; they would have then been in a position to essentially bypass the wrongfully rejected absentee ballots based on the Supreme Court 's later ruling .
The Coleman campaign could have been in a vastly superior position had they take into account the interest of all Minnesotans , rather than just the Minnesotans in a select 22 precincts .
Coleman would likely have been certified the winner and it would be Franken filing the election contest seeking to include the absentee ballots which the Coleman campaign would have likely vetoed .
Instead it is Coleman arguing for additional votes .
The following three Exhibits illustrate specific precincts in which the Coleman campaign believes systematic errors occurred that " artificially " benefited Franken 's vote total :
EXHIBIT E : [ Page 118 of 204 ] DESCRIPTION OF PRECINCTS IN WHICH MORE BALLOTS WERE COUNTED DURING THE RECOUNT THAN PERSONS VOTED ON ELECTION NIGHT Maplewood Precinct 6 : The election night totals indicated 1,396 votes cast ( inclusive of accepted absentee ballots ) .
However , the Recount tallied 1,564 votes cast although only 1,533 voters cast ballots according to the precinct 's record of pre-registered voters , election day registrants and accepted absentee ballots .
Hence , an excess of thirty - one ( 31 ) more votes than voters were certified by the Board relative to this precinct in the Recount .
St. Paul Ward 3 , Precinct 9 : The election night totals indicated 1,747 votes cast ( inclusive of accepted absentee ballots ) .
However , the Recount tallied 1,764 votes cast .
Hence , an excess of seventeen ( 17 ) more votes than voters were certified by the Board relative to this precinct in the Recount .
Source : MNCourts.org
I have absolutely no idea how the Coleman campaign arrived at the 1533 number described within the preceding quote .
The total voters per precinct data that I used in my calculations was accessed at the Secretary of State 's website on January 12th ; I compared this data to a subset of the same data as accessed on November 24th .
From this comparison , Hennepin County 's total voter data increased by 8 votes .
I could not identify which precinct (s ) were affected in Hennepin County as I do not have a complete set of precinct data from November 24th ; I have data from about 3400 of Minnesota 's 4130 precincts and a complete overview of the count by county .
Each of these 3400 precincts and all other counties remained completely unchanged from November 24th to January 12th .
It is entirely possible that the data available before November 24th presented different information and that is where the Coleman campaigns gets their 1533 figure .
The data provided in the contest brief relating to St Paul 's 3rd Ward and 9th precinct are much more agreeable to the data I used :
Maplewood P -06 St. Paul W - 3 P-09 Candidate Votes Votes DEAN BARKLEY ( IP ) 197 ( 14.24 % ) 223 ( 14.24 % ) NORM COLEMAN ( R ) 542 ( 39.19 % ) 563 ( 39.19 % ) AL FRANKEN ( DFL ) 628 ( 45.41 % ) 933 ( 45.41 % ) OTHER 16 ( 1.16 % ) 8 ( 1.16 % ) NOV 4TH TOTAL 1383 ( Fra +86 ) 1727 ( Fra +370 ) FINAL RECOUNT 1564 ( Fra +123 ) 1765 ( Fra +386 ) TOTAL VOTERS 1396 1747 FINAL - VOTERS 168 18
I think it 's fairly safe to say that something unusual happened in both of the preceding precincts .
While St. Paul W - 3 P-09 seems to be a standalone anomaly , that will eventually benefit Coleman , Maplewood P - 06 is another story .
The Coleman campaign further addresses this precinct , and the issues surrounding it in Exhibit F :
EXHIBIT F : [ Page 120 of 204 ] DOCUMENTS AND CORRESPONDENCE RELATING TO BALLOTS " FOUND " DURING THE RECOUNT BUT WHICH LACK ANY CHAIN OF CUSTODY OR VERIFICATION AS TO RELIABILITY ...
It is our understanding that you have not yet located any voter registration applications relative to the 171 additional ballots allegedly " found " in a voting machine in Maplewood Precinct 6 , despite your assertions to the Star Tribune ( in an article posted online yesterday afternoon ) that these applications had already been found .
...
According to the statistical information provided by the election judges to the Maplewood city clerk , a total of 1,396 persons voted on Election Day .
That was also the number of votes reported as cast by the summary statement tapes from the ballot counter .
Since the total voting reported by the election judges agreed with the total number of ballots cast on the summary statement tape from the ballot counter , there was no reason at the time to believe that there was any problem with either of these data .
At the conclusion of the recount for that precinct , it became clear that the summary statement tape did not accurately reflect the number of persons and how they had voted .
After reviewing the pre-registered polling place roster , the voter registration cards of election day registrants , and the accepted absentee ballot return envelopes , we have determined that the voter statistics submitted by the election judges were also in error .
We have determined from the recount that a total of 1,564 ballots were cast at that precinct .
From an examination of the voter registration and absentee voting materials , we can confirm that 1,560 persons voted .
It is possible that the other four voters were issued a ballot without signing the polling place roster , but at this point we do not know this for a fact .
We will continue to examine the materials in our possession and will inform you if we are able to resolve this matter .
...
Source : MNCourts.org
I honestly have no idea what to think of Maplewood P - 06 , but we do know that Franken gained 37 votes from the late inclusion of the 171 ballots referenced above within Exhibit F. Coleman 's entire case may rest on the possibility of these 37 votes affecting the outcome .
For now we 'll move onto another weird scenario discussed in the next exhibit :
EXHIBIT G : [ Page 129 of 204 ] DOCUMENTS AND CORRESPONDENCE RELATING TO CITY OF MINNEAPOLIS WARD 3 PRECINCT I ...
While only 1,896 ballots were produced , the figures furnished to the campaigns by Minneapolis elections official Cindy Reichert show that at least 2,028 people voted on Election Day .
The machine tape for Precinct 3 - 1 shows that 2,028 voters cast ballots .
Further , according to Ms. Reichert : 1,047 people signed the roster ; 932 people were new registrants ; and 50 absentee ballots were accepted .
The total of these is 2,029 .
Further , Minneapolis reported that 1,965 people cast votes in the U.S. Senate race .
In other words , there are 133 missing ballots .
...
Source : MNCourts.org
At first glance this Minneapolis precinct appears to mirror the situation of Maplewood P - 06 ; but the correlation between the number of acknowledged voters and the number of recorded votes on November 4th yields fairly conclusive evidence to support the assertion that 133 ballots were in fact lost .
There is additional evidence beyond this numerical correlation to support the lost ballot theory .
Minneapolis Elections Director Cindy Reichert stated that there were five envelopes containing ballots in Minneapolis W - 3 P - 01 ; of these five envelopes , the first is missing while the remaining four envelopes and the ballots contained therein were located .
A more official report from Hennepin County suggests that there may have actually been six envelopes ; the report also concludes that an envelope label " 1 of 5 " is likely missing containing the suspicious 131 ballots .
The reversion to original election day tally netted Franken an additional 46 votes .
Regarding Articles 12 .F and 12.G :
The Coleman campaign had an opportunity to re-challenge the challenge ballot determinations of the Minnesota State Canvassing Board on December 23rd .
The Coleman campaign presented a list of 16 ballots which they believed merited reconsideration .
They also included 24 similar ballots that they believed supported their objective .
The Board reviewed these 40 ballots , and nothing happened .
If past performance is any indication of future success , it does n't appear as though the Coleman campaign has a serious case regarding " challenges [ which ] were erroneously " ruled upon by the State Canvassing Board .
The ballots in question can be viewed on the StarTribune website , at least until they 're forced to close shop .
With Franken currently certified as the recount winner by 225 votes , Coleman faces a tough battle .
If we go through each Exhibit presented within this article and extract any votes that may potentially be added to any candidate , Coleman does not retake the lead :
Precinct Coleman List Gain VFA Composite [ 4 ]
74.2 - Maplewood P-06 Projection 13.2 - St. Paul W - 3 P-09 Projection 3.9
---------------------------------------------------------
Coleman's Best Case Double Counted Result 57.1 + Maplewood P -06 Late Inclusion of 171 Ballots 37.0 + St. Paul W - 3 P-09 Late Inclusion of 38 Ballots 16.0 + Minneapolis W - 3 P-01's 131 Lost Ballots 46.0
---------------------------------------------------------
Coleman's Best Case Election Contest Gain 156.1
Norm Coleman is unlikely to pick up enough votes during his election contest to overcome the current deficit .
Coleman may have to rely on absentee ballots if he hopes to mount any sort of comeback .
Based upon
Norm 's past performance in the realm of absentee ballots it will most certainly be an uphill climb .
The first step of the election contest occurred on January 12th when MN Supreme Court Justice Alan Page appointed the three member judicial panel tasked with presiding over the election contest ; the appointed members are as follows :
Elizabeth Hayden : Stearns County Judge , appointed in 1986 by Democratic Governor Perpich .
Denise Reilly : Hennepin County Asst. Chief Judge , appointed in 1997 by Republican Governor Carlson .
Kurt Marben : Pennington County Asst. Chief Judge , appointed in 2000 by Independent Governor Ventura .
The next step of the process occurs on January 21st when the panel will meet to address Franken 's motion to dismiss part of Coleman 's election contest .
This will not be granted , the election contest will proceed .
The actual contest will begin on January 26th but the actual agenda for that date has not yet been set .
OpEdNews
Original Content at click here
DIGG THIS
Safety from external danger is the most powerful director of national conduct .
Even the ardent love of liberty will , after a time , give way to its dictates .
The violent destruction of life and property incident to war , the continual effort and alarm attendant on a state of continual danger , will compel nations the most attached to liberty to resort for repose and security to institutions which have a tendency to destroy their civil and political rights .
To be more safe , they at length become willing to run the risk of being less free .
~ Federalist Paper No. 8 , in which Alexander Hamilton displayed an atypical ardor to defend liberty against state power .
" We no longer have a civilian - led government . "
This ominous conclusion comes to us from Thomas A. Schweich , who held the title of deputy assistant secretary of state for international law enforcement affairs in the Bush Regime , by way of a December 21 Washington Post op - ed column .
Lamenting " the silent military coup d’etat that has been steadily gaining ground below the radar screen of most Americans and the media , " Schweich describes the infusion of the military " into a striking number of aspects of civilian government " as " the most unnerving legacy of the Bush administration . "
Schweich is not an advocate of limited - government who managed to burrow deeply into the Bu’ushist Welfare / Warfare State ; he is an advocate of " soft power " imperialism , the supposedly benign variety that focuses more on hectoring foreigners about their shortcomings , rather than unceremoniously bombing them into blood pudding .
Oh , sure — even " soft power " imperialism involves the threat and occasional practice of bombing , but usually only amid cries of anguished reluctance following the performance of the proper multilateralist sacraments .
( For useful examples , consult the Clinton - era bombing campaigns in the former Yugoslavia . )
Schweich seems particularly miffed that the military shouldered aside the State Department ’s efforts to train civilian " law enforcement " personnel in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as the Pentagon ’s habit of Bogarting all of the boodle set aside for " reconstruction " projects .
But even though his protests have the sectarian flavor of bureaucratic in - fighting , Scweich validates his shocking announcement of the demise of civilian government with some very solid examples .
For instance , the military ’s domination of law enforcement training in Iraq and Afghanistan have created police forces that " have been unnecessarily militarized — producing police officers who look more like militia members than ordinary beat cops .
These forces now risk becoming paramilitary groups , well armed with US equipment , that could run roughshod " over civilian governments .
While this and other " military takeovers of civilian functions " took place " a long distance from home , " Schweich elaborates , the same all - devouring militarism is at work here as well .
Witness the huge and expanding role played by the military in narcotics enforcement , including the hugely expensive " Merida Initiative " through which the Bush Regime has collaborated with Mexico ’s narcotics syndicates ( which are , to use a common term on this side of the border , public - private partnerships ) to propagate unprecedented violence and misery in that country .
The most important example Schweich lists is the Pentagon ’s plan " to deploy 20,000 U.S. soldiers inside our borders by 2011 , ostensibly to help state and local officials respond to terrorist attacks or other catastrophes .
But that mission could easily spill over from emergency counterterrorism work into border - patrol efforts , intelligence gathering and law enforcement efforts — which would run smack into the Posse Comitatus Act … .
So the generals are not only dominating our government activities abroad , at our borders and in Washington , but they also seem to intend to spread out across the heartland of America . "
While Schweich ’s concern and candor do him credit , his warnings are tantamount to urging that we secure the barn door long after the prize stallion has fled , been butchered , and graced a Frenchman ’s dinner table .
The military " spill - over " into domestic law enforcement that he warns against began as a trickle in 1981 with passage of the Military Cooperation with Civilian Law Enforcement Act .
That trickle is now a cascade as voluminous and consistent of any found in Niagara Falls .
Once again , this is chiefly — but not entirely — due to the so - called War on Drugs .
The eyes of the military are upon you : Active - duty military personnel collect photographs of anti-war activists during a 2002 Washington , D.C. protest against the then - impending Iraq war .
For some time , military involvement in domestic intelligence gathering has included personal surveillance of political activists ; more recently , this has expanded to the use of spy satellites to monitor political protests on behalf of militarized law enforcement bodies .
While Schweich is properly alarmed by the way the Pentagon has created Iraqi and Afghan police forces that are little more than miniature armies of occupation , he apparently has n’t noticed that the same process is well underway here in the United States as well .
In some ways , Schweich ’s jeremiad is a good update and companion piece to Brig .
Gen. Charles J. Dunlap ‘s prescient essay " The Origins of the American Military Coup of 2012 , " published in the Winter 1992 — 93 issue of the U.S. Army War College journal Parameters .
Written in the form of a smuggled prison letter composed by " Prisoner 222305759 , " condemned to death for " treason " by the American military junta of Gen. E.T. Brutus , Dunlap ’s essay described many trends that he feared would culminate in " a military that controls [ the American ] government and one that , ironically , ca n’t fight . "
As government corruption and ineptitude grew , " The one institution of government in which people retained faith was the military , " explained Dunlap ’s literary stand - in .
The military was thus burdened with countless tasks unrelated to warfare — from law enforcement , to supplementing the work of doctors and teachers , from environmental preservation efforts to bolstering the financially stricken airline industry .
( Dunlap , incidentally , extensively documents how the military was either active , or planning to become involved , in all of those missions by the early 1990s . )
Likewise , the military ’s missions abroad were increasingly Operations Other Than War ( OOTW ) , a term that came into vogue subsequent to publication of Dunlap ’s essay .
At the same time , a cultural dissonance grew between the military and the public it was supposedly serving .
The structural defects in this new model military were displayed to painful effect in what the author describes ( by way of prediction , remember ) as " the wretched performance of our forces in the Second Gulf War , " particularly following Iran ’s intervention in 2010 : " Preoccupation with humanitarian duties , narcotics interdiction , and all the rest of the peripheral missions left the military unfit to engage an authentic military opponent . "
While the military was no longer well - suited to fight and win wars ( including , of course , patently unjust wars of aggression ) , its subtle and thoroughgoing integration into every element of domestic life made it perfectly suited to carry out a coup : " Eventually , people became acclimated to seeing uniformed military personnel patrolling their neighborhood .
Now troops are an adjunct to almost all police forces in the country .
In many of the areas where much of our burgeoning population of elderly Americans live — [ military dictator ]
Brutus calls them ‘ National Security Zones ’ — the military is often the only law enforcement agency .
Consequently , the military was ideally positioned in thousands of communities to support the coup . "
Very little of consequence separates the speculative world described by Dunlap from the one in which we presently live .
One institutional impediment is the Posse Comitatus Act ( or whatever remains of it ) , which was intended to prevent direct involvement of the military in domestic law enforcement .
But this measure , which was always a tissue - paper barricade at best , is all but extinct as we near the end of the Bush era .
And the ranks of military scholars are planted thickly with people devising arguments to destroy whatever may remain of the Posse Comitatus proscriptions .
In a paper published by the US Army War College in early 2006 , Lt. Col. Mark C. Weston of the U.S. Air Force Reserve points out that the Posse Comitatus Act has been perforated with " exceptions " practically since it was passed in 1878 .
( Just weeks after signing the act — passage of which was part of a deal that ensured his presidency — Rutherford B. Hayes deployed the Army to carry out police functions in New Mexico . )
One of the biggest exceptions deals with what could be called the use of " civilian " police as military proxies , since the Pentagon is permitted " to provide equipment , transportation , training , supplies , and services to law enforcement officials as long as it does not directly and actively participate in law enforcement tasks , " writes Weston .
Which is to say that it ’s permissible to militarize the police , as long as troops are n’t actually the ones pulling triggers and conducting arrests .
This is , once again , exactly the same procedure being used to create the Afghan and Iraqi " militias " described by Thomas Schweich .
There are six formal exceptions to the Posse Comitatus Act listed in Title 32 , Sec. 215.4 of the Code of Federal Regulations , Weston writes .
To that list , he rather audaciously adds " One final exception worthy of discussion [ namely ] the concept of martial law . "
Referring to the Supreme Court ’s 1866 Ex Parte Milligan decision , Weston insists that martial law can properly be said to exist only in " the absence of order , courts , and constitution … .
Martial law is the use of force by the military to maintain order by acting as the police , the court , and the legislature … .
If the courts are open then [ use of the term ] martial law is not appropriate . "
Most domestic deployments of the military do n’t cross the threshold of martial law , Weston maintains , and he eagerly recommends making it easier for the military to carry out such missions by repealing the Posse Comitatus Act ( or PCA ) .
From Weston ’s perspective , the PCA , which was never a good idea , has long since fallen into desuetude .
He insists that the Act should either be repealed outright or modified in such a fashion as to make it entirely inconsequential .
Posse Comitatus , Weston writes , is " a significant obstacle to unified action on homeland security … an impediment to agility and adaptability of the military to national defense … [ a hindrance to ] national values and national purpose . "
Yet he prefers to " modify " the Act rather than abolish it , apparently to maintain — for now — the useful fiction that military and police powers remain separate , with civilian officials firmly in control of the former .
In an October 2000 essay entitled " The Myth of Posse Comitatus , " Major Craig T. Trebilcock , a JAG officer in the U.S. Army Reserve offers an assessment quite similar to that of Lt. Col .
Weston :
The PCA is useless but not harmless , and best ignored if it ca n’t be dispensed with .
The only value of the PCA , according to Trebilcock , is the fact that " it remains a deterrent to prevent the unauthorized deployment of troops at the local level in response to what is purely a civilian law enforcement matter . "
For example , it can result in administrative punishment or even criminal prosecution of " a lower - level commander who uses military forces to pursue a common felon or to conduct sobriety checkpoints off of a federal military post . "
As of December 12 — when active - duty U.S. Marines conducted a joint highway sobriety checkpoint with California Highway Patrol officers — that example can be crossed off Trebilcock ’s list .
In his book An Empire Wilderness , Robert D. Kaplan describes a strategic planning session held at Ft. Leavenworth ’s Battle Command Training Program shortly after the April 1995 Oklahoma City Bombing ( a tragedy directly facilitated by several of the Regime ’s three - letter agencies ) .
One of the participants , a Marine Major named Craig Tucker , predicted that the threat of terrorism and domestic turmoil suggested that the military would have to " go domestic . "
While that prediction has been fulfilled , the process has yet to be fully consummated .
On the continuum described by none other than Gen. George S. Patton — who considered domestic military deployment as the " most distasteful " form of service — we are presently somewhere between routine involvement of military personnel " in connection with Domestic Disturbances " and " Martial Law . "
That continuum ends with " Military Government , " which differs from Martial Law in that it represents the complete abolition of civilian authority , as opposed to the enforcement of a civilian ruling elite ’s will through direct military force .
God forgive us , if He can : Iraqi mourners display the lifeless body of an infant killed during a chemical weapons attack by US occupation troops .
The burn marks on the child ’s body are the result of an attack using white phosphorous munitions .
In a 1932 essay on domestic military deployments , Gen. George S. Patton — who ironically took care to avoid needless civilian casualties during World War II — recommended the use of white phosphorous to suppress insurrection .
In administering either Martial Law or Military Government , Patton — predictably enough — prescribed the pitiless application of lethal force .
He digested his doctrine of domestic military missions into what he called " The Law and the Prophets of Riot Duty , " a canon that includes the following directives :
" Take no orders from civil officials — federal , state , or municipal . "
" You may and should cooperate with police or state troops who may be present ; but you and not they are the judge of the amount and character of this cooperation . "
" Should some orator start haranguing the crowd and inciting them to violence , grab him even if it brings on a local , small fight .
Small fights are better than big ones .
Words cunningly chosen change crowds into mobs . "
" Warn newspapers , theaters , and churches that if they encourage the mob , they are guilty of aiding them and that their leaders will be held personally accountable .
Freedom of the press cannot be construed as ‘ license to encourage ’ the armed enemies of the United States of America .
An armed mob resisting federal troops is an armed enemy .
To aid an enemy is TREASON .
This may not be the ‘ law , ’ but it is fact .
When blood starts running , the law stops . "
" If you have captured a dangerous agitator and some ‘ misguided ’ federal judge issues a writ of Habeas Corpus for him , try to see the judge to find out what he is liable to do … .
There ’s always the danger that the man might attempt to escape .
If he does , see that he at least falls out of ranks before you shoot him .
To be soft hearted might mean death to your men .
After all , WAR IS WAR . "
" As in all military operations , information is vital .
By the use of detectives , soldiers in civilian clothes , and friendly citizens , get all possible information about the condition within the city . "
" The use of gas is paramount … .
While tear gas is effective , it should be backed up with vomiting gas . "
“ Although white phosphorous is incendiary , it is useful in forming a screen for the attack of barricades and defended houses . "
" If you must fire , DO A GOOD JOB .
A few casualties become martyrs ; a large number becomes an object lesson . "
These admonitions , remember , were issued with respect to the use of military force against American citizens by a man revered as a patriotic hero by millions ( including some lately given to second thoughts ) — and who , ironically enough , was almost certainly assassinated by the same State he served with such ruthlessness .
Patton ’s model for a domestic counter - insurgency “ war ” during the last depression would probably resemble the approach used by the military in dealing with serious internal upheaval in the depression that has just begun .
Significantly , Patton ’s tactics track very closely with those employed to enforce US occupation of Iraq — including the use of hideous white phosphorous munitions .
That occupation is supposedly slated to end in 2011 — the same year , incidentally , when the military ’s 20,000 - man Homeland Security force is supposed to be fully deployed .
If the conclusion voiced by Thomas Schweich and other very credible analysts is correct — if , indeed , we are living under a de facto military junta , the nature of which will become clear as the economic collapse strips away all politically comfortable pretenses — we may soon learn , in the most painful way possible , that our military missions abroad have been carefully training the occupation force that will extinguish whatever remains of our liberty .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
In this report :
Who can go to heaven ?
How does one obtain eternal life ?
Trends in opinions about religious exclusivity
About the survey
A majority of all American Christians ( 52 % ) think that at least some non-Christian faiths can lead to eternal life .
Indeed , among Christians who believe many religions can lead to eternal life , 80 % name at least one non-Christian faith that can do so .
These are among the key findings of a national survey conducted by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life from July 31 - Aug. 10 , 2008 , among 2,905 adults .
The survey is designed as a follow - up to the Pew Forum ’s U.S. Religious Landscape Survey , conducted in 2007 , which reported that most Americans who claim a religious affiliation take a non-exclusivist view of salvation , with seven - in - ten saying that many religions can lead to eternal life while less than one - quarter say theirs is the one , true faith leading to eternal life .
But what exactly do these respondents have in mind when they agree that “ many religions can lead to eternal life ? ”
Is this primarily an example of most Christians ( who account for nearly 80 % of the U.S. adult population ) acknowledging that some Christian denominations and churches besides their own can lead to eternal life ?
Or are most people interpreting “ many religions ” more broadly , to include non-Christian faiths ?
The new survey asks those who say many religions can lead to eternal life whether or not they think a series of specific religions ( including Judaism , Islam and Hinduism ) can lead to eternal life , as well as whether they think atheists or people who have no religious faith can achieve eternal life .
The findings confirm that most people who say many religions can lead to eternal life take the view that even non-Christian faiths can lead to eternal salvation .
Indeed , among Christians who say that many religions can lead to eternal life ( 65 % of all Christians ) , the vast majority ( 80 % ) cite an example of at least one non-Christian religion that can lead to salvation , and fully six - in - ten ( 61 % ) name two or more non-Christian religions .
Even among white evangelical Protestants , nearly three - quarters ( 72 % ) of those who say many religions can lead to eternal life name at least one non-Christian religion that can lead to salvation .
The poll also finds that roughly one - third of Americans ( 30 % ) believe that whether one achieves eternal life is determined by what a person believes , with nearly as many ( 29 % ) saying eternal life depends on one ’s actions .
One - in - ten Americans say the key to obtaining eternal life lies in a combination of belief and actions .
The remaining one - third of the public says that something else is the key to eternal life , they do n’t know what leads to eternal life or they do n’t believe in eternal life .
But while the survey confirms that most Americans who are affiliated with a religion continue to adopt a non-exclusivist approach to faith , it also finds that the number of people saying theirs is the one , true faith that can lead to eternal life increased slightly between 2007 and 2008 , from 24 % to 29 % .
The increase is especially pronounced for white evangelical Protestants1 , among whom the figure rose from 37 % to 49 % , and black Protestants , among whom the number saying theirs is the one , true faith ( 45 % ) has increased 10 points since 2007 .
Who Can Go To Heaven ?
One of the most frequently asked questions to arise from the 2007 Landscape Survey findings is how the 70 % of religiously affiliated respondents who said “ many religions can lead to eternal life ” interpreted the phrase “ many religions . ”
For example , do Christians who express this view have in mind only Christians from denominations other than their own , or are they thinking more broadly of non-Christian religions ?
To shed light on this issue , the new survey asks those who believe that many religions can lead to eternal life a series of follow - up questions .
Responses to these questions show that most American Christians are not thinking only of other Christian denominations when they say many religions can lead to eternal life .
To the contrary , among those who say many religions provide a path to eternal life , strong majorities believe that both Christian and non-Christian faiths can lead to eternal life .
Among non-Protestants who say that many religions can lead to eternal life , roughly three - quarters ( 74 % ) say that Protestantism can lead to eternal life .
A similar proportion ( 73 % ) of non-Catholics who say many religions lead to eternal life say that Catholicism leads to salvation .
The numbers are only slightly lower for Judaism , with the overwhelming majority ( 69 % ) of non-Jews who say many religions can lead to salvation saying that Judaism can bring eternal life .
A slight majority of non-Muslims ( 52 % ) also say Islam can lead to eternal life , and a similar number ( 53 % ) of non-Hindus say the same of Hinduism .
Interestingly , although a majority who say that many religions can lead to eternal life believe that people with no religious faith also can achieve eternal salvation ( 56 % ) , far fewer ( 42 % ) say this about atheists .
Taken as a whole , these responses reveal that most American Christians , including evangelicals , have more than just other Christian denominations in mind when they say there are many paths to salvation .
For example , among white mainline Protestants ( 85 % ) , black Protestants ( 81 % ) and white Catholics ( 88 % ) , more than eight - in - ten of those who say many religions can lead to eternal life cite at least one non-Christian religion that can do so .
Significant numbers of white evangelical Protestants also believe various non-Christian religions can lead to eternal life , though these figures tend to be lower than those seen among other religious groups ; nearly three - quarters ( 72 % ) of evangelicals who say many religions can lead to salvation name at least one non-Christian faith that can do so .
White evangelicals who say that many faiths can lead to salvation are just as likely as other groups to cite Catholicism as a valid path to salvation .
However , evangelicals are less likely than other groups to say that non-Christian faiths can lead to eternal life .
About two - thirds of evangelicals ( 64 % ) who see multiple paths to salvation say that Judaism , for example , can bring eternal life , lower than the 73 % among mainline Protestants and the 77 % among white Catholics who say this .
And only about one - third of evangelicals who say there are multiple paths to salvation say that Islam ( 35 % ) or Hinduism ( 33 % ) can lead to eternal life , with fewer still saying that atheists ( 26 % ) can achieve eternal life .
How Does One Obtain Eternal Life ?
American adults express a variety of views on how people can achieve eternal life .
When asked to describe in their own words what determines whether a person will attain eternal life , nearly three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say that a person ’s actions are most important .
A similar number ( 30 % ) says that belief is the key factor in achieving everlasting life .
One - in - ten refer to a combination of belief and actions as necessary for eternal life , and almost as many ( 8 % ) cite some other factor as most important .
In addition , more than one - in - ten ( 14 % ) indicate they are unsure of what leads to eternal life , and another 7 % volunteer they do not believe in eternal life .
White evangelical Protestants stand out as the group most likely to name belief as the most important factor in obtaining eternal life , with 64 % expressing this view .
Nearly half of evangelicals ( 45 % ) are explicit in stating that belief in Jesus Christ is necessary for salvation , while another 19 % are somewhat more generic in their responses , citing belief in God or , more simply , “ belief ” or “ faith ” as most important .
An additional 10 % of evangelicals say that a combination of belief and actions are crucial for salvation , meaning that , in total , nearly three - quarters of this group ( 74 % ) identify an element of belief as necessary for salvation .
While white evangelicals look mainly to faith as the key to salvation , white Catholics tend to look to actions .
Nearly half of this group ( 47 % ) says that one ’s actions are the key to determining eternal fate , with nearly one - third ( 29 % ) saying that being a good , moral person is the key to everlasting life .
An additional 14 % of white Catholics identify a combination of works and faith as necessary for salvation , meaning that fully six - in - ten Catholics ( 61 % ) explicitly cite actions or works as integral to attaining eternal life .
White mainline Protestants and black Protestants are somewhat more evenly divided in their views of what is necessary for eternal life .
One - third of mainline Protestants ( 33 % ) name actions as most important and one - quarter ( 25 % ) say belief is most important , while 10 % say obtaining eternal life depends on a combination of belief and actions .
And nearly one - in - five ( 18 % ) in this group say that they are unsure about what leads to eternal life .
Among black Protestants , more than four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say faith is most important for achieving eternal life , while nearly three - in - ten ( 27 % ) identify actions as most important .
The survey also finds a link between respondents ’ views on what determines whether one achieves eternal life and views about what kinds of faiths lead to eternal life .
Among Christians who see actions as the key to obtaining eternal life , the vast majority ( 68 % ) name at least one non-Christian faith that can lead to eternal life , including 56 % who name more than one non-Christian faith that can lead to salvation .
By contrast , among those who see faith or belief as the key for obtaining eternal life , most ( 60 % ) either say that theirs is the one , true faith leading to eternal life or do not cite any non-Christian religions that can lead to everlasting life ; only four - in - ten among this group name at least one non-Christian faith that can lead to heaven , and fewer than three - in - ten ( 28 % ) name two or more such non-Christian religions .
Trends in Opinions About Religious Exclusivity
Although this survey finds that roughly two - thirds ( 65 % ) of religiously affiliated Americans continue to say many religions can lead to eternal life , this number is slightly lower than the seven - in - ten who said this in 2007 and is down 11 points since 2002 .
White Catholics and white mainline Protestants are the groups most likely to say that many religions can lead to eternal life , with 84 % and 82 % , respectively , expressing this point of view .
Attitudes on this issue among these groups have remained largely unchanged .
White evangelical Protestants and black Protestants , by comparison , have become noticeably more strict on this question over the past year .
Among both groups in 2007 , those saying many religions can lead to eternal life significantly outnumbered those saying theirs is the one , true faith ( 56 % vs. 37 % among white evangelicals , 59 % vs. 35 % among black Protestants ) .
Now , however , both groups are about evenly divided on this question .
Fewer than half of evangelicals ( 47 % ) say many religions can lead to eternal life , down nine points in the course of a year , while 49 % say theirs is the one , true faith .
Among black Protestants , 49 % take the view that many religions lead to everlasting life , a 10 - point decline since 2007 , while 45 % see theirs as the one , true faith .
The proportion of black Protestants taking the view that theirs is the one , true faith has doubled in six years ( from 22 % in 2002 to 45 % in 2008 ) .
Views on religious exclusivity are linked with frequency of religious service attendance , with those who attend frequently being significantly more likely than others to hold an exclusivist point of view .
Among religiously affiliated people who attend worship services at least once a week , about four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say theirs is the one , true faith leading to eternal life .
By comparison , fewer than half as many of those who attend worship services less often ( 18 % ) see their religion as the one , true path to eternal life .
This pattern is most noticeable among white evangelicals .
Among this group , most of those who attend church at least once a week ( 60 % ) say theirs is the one , true faith .
But among evangelicals who attend church less often , only half as many ( 30 % ) take the view that theirs is the one true faith .
Mainline Protestants who attend religious services at least once a week are also somewhat more likely than their less - observant counterparts to describe theirs as the one , true faith , though large majorities of both groups say many religions can lead to eternal life ( 75 % and 85 % , respectively ) .
The religious attendance gap is virtually nonexistent among white Catholics ; more than eight - in - ten weekly churchgoers and less - observant Catholics alike say many religions can lead to eternal life ( 85 % and 84 % , respectively ) .
About the Survey
Survey topline ( PDF )
Results for this survey are based on telephone interviews conducted under the direction of Abt SRBI , Inc. , among a nationwide sample of 2,905 adults 18 years of age or older , from July 31 - Aug.
10 , 2008 ( 2,254 respondents were interviewed on a landline telephone and 651 were interviewed on a cell phone , including 262 who had no landline telephone ) .
Both the landline and cell phone samples were provided by Survey Sampling International .
The combined landline and cell phone data were weighted using demographic weighting parameters derived from the March 2007 U.S. Census Bureau ’s Current Population Survey , along with an estimate of current patterns of telephone status in the U.S. derived from the 2007 National Health Interview Survey , using an iterative technique that simultaneously balances the distributions of all weighting parameters .
The weighting procedure also accounted for the fact that respondents with both landline and cell phones had a greater probability of being included in the sample .
For the full sample , the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence is plus or minus 2 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls .
1 In the current report , the figures from the Landscape Survey have been re-estimated based on respondents ’ race and self - identification as a “ born - again or evangelical ” Protestant in order to make them comparable to the results from the new survey .
By comparison , in the original Landscape Survey reports , respondents were classified into one of three Protestant traditions based on their denominational affiliation .
As a result , the numbers included in this report for white evangelical Protestants , white mainline Protestants and black Protestants differ slightly from the results reported for members of evangelical Protestant churches , members of mainline Protestant churches and members of historically black Protestant churches reflected in the original Landscape Survey reports .
Photo credit : Sébastien Désarmaux / Corbis
A group of scientists has urged the House of Lords to listen to scientific advice rather than the ranting of Home Secretary Jacqui Smith and reject her proposal to change the classification of cannabis from C to B .
In a letter to the Guardian , eight leading scientists call on the Lords to back an amendment tabled by Baroness Meacher which would delay any reclassification until the issue is re-examined .
The letter said : " Cannabis use has fallen in recent years , especially following its downgrading to class C in 2004 , and it is obviously unwise to risk reversing that trend .
The classification system must be credible - reclassification would send out an ambiguous message about the dangers of current class B drugs .
" Even more importantly , the move would be a sad departure from the welcome trend - established after the Phillips report into the BSE disaster - of public policy following expert scientific advice unless there is new evidence . "
The letter was signed by an ex-government chief scientific adviser David King , Professor Michael Rawlins , ACMD chair from 1998 to 2008 , Robert May , another ex-government chief scientific advister , Professor Gabriel Horne , chair of the Academy of Medical Science working group on addiction and Professor Colin Blakemore , a member of the UK Drug Policy Commission .
Smith 's scientific advisers - the ACMD - investigated alleged links between cannabis and mental illness and found there were n't any .
Despite this and evidence that cannabis use has fallen since it was downgraded by David Blunkett in 2004 , Smith said she wanted to upgrade the drug and ban the sale of paraphernalia like pipes and bongs .
Even the Home Office press release at the time said : " Cannabis use has fallen significantly across all age ranges and this is a testament to the success of the previous ten year Drug Strategy .
However , the reduction in cannabis use must not be allowed to reverse . "
The Association of Chief Police Officers also asked for flexibility in how it deals with people caught in possession of the drug . ®
If your children are spending all their free time on social - networking websites , do n't worry .
It is actually a " positive " thing , says Michael Birch , the founder of Bebo , one of the leading global brands in this new sector .
Birch , a 36 - year - old Briton based in San Francisco , argues that having children glued to these websites means that they are watching less " mind- numbing " TV and play fewer " mindless " computer games .
It also teaches them valuable skills .
" It 's fun , helping them learn to communicate , develop social skills , learning a lot of creativity .
They are becoming mini-publishers , creating videos and other stuff , " Birch says .
But is it safe ?
Bebo has appointed a full - time child - safety officer , who works with the Home Office and the police .
But Birch feels that " scaremongering and sensationalism " in the press , about paedophiles using these sites to meet and groom children , has not helped .
Children just need to follow the " common sense " that is used in the real world - the " do n't talk to strangers " mantra turns into " do n't meet up with people you do n't know " in the online world .
Parental supervision is necessary , he says .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The other worrying issue is cyber - bullying .
Birch points out that the internet means that , for the first time , parents can actually see the bullying going on and have a record of it .
Conversely , they need to make sure that their children are not using the web to be bullies .
Bebo , which only launched in July 2005 , is already the second most popular social - networking site in the UK , just behind MySpace .
And with 25 million users worldwide , Bebo provides some serious competition to MySpace , which leads the field with 100 million users .
In the US , Bebo is reckoned to be the number - three player , behind MySpace , and Facebook , which is popular among university students .
Should traditional media companies feel threatened ?
You bet .
Rupert Murdoch was so worried he paid $ 580 m for MySpace last year .
A report by the media regulator Ofcom found that the average 16 - to - 24 - year - old watched an hour 's less TV a day than older viewers last year because they were spending more time on the net .
Social - networking sites are used by more than 70 per cent of young internet users and 41 per cent of UK adult users , Ofcom said .
Bebo has a reputation as a site for younger kids , but the majority of its users are , in fact , over 16 .
In the UK , 28 per cent of them are over 35 , while an astonishing 40 per cent of MySpace users in this country are over 35 , according to data from Nielsen / NetRatings .
Birch says that teenagers tend to be early adopters of new technology but , as usage spreads , audiences become much older .
So it is not just teenage and kids ' media that will suffer , and television is just the initial victim , Birch warns .
" Consumers are spending a lot more time on these sites , to the detriment of television .
And , with that time , go the advertising opportunities .
The experience is becoming more like television anyway , with the upsurge in videos being put onto the sites . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Emap recently announced that it was stopping the celebrity gossip title Sneak because so many of its teen audience were spending time online .
Compared with traditional media , the cost - base for Bebo and other such sites is just fantastic .
" You do n't spend money on marketing .
If you artificially generate the community , it 's not a real community at all .
And you 're not paying for content , as that is generated free by users , " Birch says .
Bebo carries just a few banner ads and they are enough for it to break even .
It would be profitable if it stopped investing in infrastructure to grow .
So far , it has not really even bothered to develop the business side of things .
Birch insists that social - networking sites are not a passing fad .
" There 's a real utility to it , like phones and text - messaging .
It serves a real purpose .
Social - networking sites have replaced e-mail for many people . "
He must be pretty sure , as he has reputedly turned down mega - bucks - $ 750 m ( £ 400 m ) some say - to sell out to the US media giant Viacom .
Birch says he was " delighted " by the recent Google / MySpace deal , as it legitimised the advertising business model that is relied upon by social - networking sites , which are free to use .
That Google / MySpace deal did more than just validate the model .
It provided Murdoch with a tremendous return .
Google agreed to pay $ 900 m to put its ads on MySpace and some other News Corporation websites .
But the social - networking business is not a one - way bet .
Friendster was the first of this generation of community sites and used to be easily the biggest of them .
It is now a very distant player .
Birch says : " You need to get the product just right , to make it better , more addictive , and more fun , than the others . "
Whatever your opinion of Microsoft , you can't deny that it keeps up its public appearance when it comes to donations .
In 2007 , the software giant managed to donate $ 432 million throughout the year .
This year , the company gave away $ 498 million , according to information that blogger Joseph Tartakoff got from a Microsoft spokeswoman .
Those numbers include cash donations , as well as matching employee efforts ( in the US , Microsoft matches employee donations up to $ 12,000 a year and donates $ 17 for every hour an employee volunteers with a nonprofit organization ) .
In slightly related news , the Donors to the Presidential Inaugural Committee web page notes that Steven Ballmer and wife Connie Ballmer , along with William Gates and wife Melinda Gates , each donated the maximum $ 50,000 .
The two couples have donated a combined total of $ 200,000 .
Further reading :
Cheney admits authorizing detainee 's torture David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Monday December 15 , 2008
Print This Email This Outgoing VP says Guantanamo prison should stay open until end of terror war , but has no idea when that might be .
Monday , outgoing Vice President Dick Cheney made a startling statement on a nation - wide , televised broadcast .
When asked by ABC News reporter Jonathan Karl whether he approved of interrogation tactics used against a so - called " high value prisoner " at the controversial Guantanamo Bay prison , Mr. Cheney , in a break from his history of being press -shy , admitted to giving official sanctioning of torture .
" I supported it , " he said regarding the practice known as " water - boarding , " a form of simulated drowning .
After World War II , Japanese soldiers were tried and convicted of war crimes in US courts for water - boarding , a practice which the outgoing Bush administration attempted to enshrine in policy .
" I was aware of the program , certainly , and involved in helping get the process cleared , as the agency in effect came in and wanted to know what they could and could n't do , " Cheney said .
" And they talked to me , as well as others , to explain what they wanted to do .
And I supported it . "
He added : " It 's been a remarkably successful effort , and I think the results speak for themselves . "
ABC asked him if in hindsight he thought the tactics went too far .
" I do n't , " he said .
The prisoner in question , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who the Bush administration alleges to have planned the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , is one of Guantanamo's " high value targets " thus far charged with war crimes .
Former military interrogator Travis Hall disagrees with Cheney 's position .
" Proponents of Guantanamo underestimate what a powerful a propaganda tool Guantanamo has become for terrorist groups such as Al Qaeda , despite several Department of Defense studies documenting the propaganda value of detention centers , " he said in a column for Opposing Views .
" For example , West Points Combating Terrorism Center has monitored numerous Al Qaeda references to Guantanamo in its recruitment propaganda materials , " continued Hall .
" Improvements to Guantanamos administration of judicial mechanisms will not make its way into Al Qaeda propaganda .
Nothing short of closing Guantanamo will remove this arrow from its quiver . "
President - elect Barack Obama has promised to close the prison and pull US forces out of Iraq .
Cheney , however , has a different timeline for when Guantanamo Bay prison may be " responsibly " retired .
" Well , I think that that would come with the end of the war on terror , " he told ABC .
Problematic to his assertion : Mr. Bush 's " war on terror " is undefinable and unending by it's very nature , and Cheney seems to recognize this as fact .
Asked when his administration 's terror war will end , he jostled , " Well , nobody knows .
Nobody can specify that . "
This video is from ABC's World News , broadcast Dec. 15 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
With wire reports .
Julie Onufrak
Patriot Ledger
December 5 , 2008
Gulf Oil CEO
Joe Petrowski said on Wednesday that the price of oil could sink to $ 20 per barrel , and there is a chance gasoline prices could drop as low as $ 1 per gallon by early next year .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Speaking at a South Shore Chamber of Commerce breakfast at Lombardo ’s in Randolph , the Brockton native said that after speculators drove oil prices up , there is a chance that the market will overshoot on the way back down , resulting in much lower prices at the pump .
Gas prices have already sunk fairly rapidly this fall , reaching a statewide average of $ 1.85 for a gallon of regular - grade gasoline this week , following a plunge in crude oil prices .
Gulf Oil , which is based in Newton , is not an oil producer .
Gulf stopped producing oil in 1986 and stopped refining oil in 1992 , according to Petrowski .
He said the company is a “ fuel agnostic ” wholesaler , and will sell whichever fuels customers and distributors demand .
Though he said the company benefits from lower energy prices , he said he believes the price of oil should range from $ 40 to $ 60 per barrel , depending on economic activity , in order to keep pace with inflation .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Today is a fairly momentous day in the history of Ruby web frameworks .
You will probably find the news I ’m about to share with you fairly shocking , but I will attempt to explain the situation .
Before talking tech , and even going into the details of the announcement , I want to assure everyone that the incredible members of the thriving Merb community are top priority , and that this could not have been possible without every one of them .
Merb is an open , ever - changing project , and some its best ideas have come from not - core regular - Joe community members .
It ’s gotten where it has because of the community , and the community will get us even further in the future .
Your ideas , feedback and even complaints will be 100 % welcome in the future , just as they have been in the past .
I believe in the tremendous value an open community and just generally open attitude bring to the table , and am counting on those things to continue ushering in the future of Ruby .
On to the news : beginning today , the Merb team will be working with the Rails core team on a joint project .
The plan is to merge in the things that made Merb different .
This will make it possible to use Rails 3 for the same sorts of use - cases that were compelling for Merb users .
Effectively , Merb 2 is Rails 3 .
What does that mean exactly ?
Rails will become more modular , starting with a rails - core , and including the ability to opt in or out of specific components .
We will focus on reducing coupling across Rails , and making it possible to replace parts of Rails without disturbing other parts .
This is exactly what Merb means when it touts “ modularity ” .
We will port all of our performance improvements into Rails .
This includes architectural decisions that are big performance wins .
This project will also include the creation of one or more benchmarking applications , so we can more clearly see what optimizations have real - world impact .
As of Rails 3 , Rails will have a defined public API with a test suite for that API .
This was one of the major differentiators of Merb .
This will allow users and plugin developers to have a clearer , more stable API to build against .
It should also significantly reduce plugin breakage from release to release .
with a test suite for that .
This was one of the major differentiators of Merb .
This will allow users and plugin developers to have a clearer , more stable to build against .
It should also significantly reduce plugin breakage from release to release .
Rails will be retrofitted to make it easy to start with a “ core ” version of Rails ( like Merb ’s current core generator ) , that starts with all modules out , and makes it easy to select just the parts that are important for your app .
Of course , Rails will still ship with the “ stack ” version as the default ( just as Merb does since 1.0 ) , but the goal is to make it easy to do with Rails what people do with Merb today .
Rails will be modified to more easily support DataMapper or Sequel as first - class ORMs .
While ActiveRecord will ship as the default ORM , the plan is to make it drop - dead easy to drop in other ORMs without feature degradation ( to the extent possible , of course ) .
, the plan is to make it drop - dead easy to drop in other ORMs without feature degradation ( to the extent possible , of course ) .
Rails will continue their recent embrace of Rack , which is a really exciting development in the Ruby community that Merb got in on early and which we believe will improve the state of modular , sharable logic between applications .
In general , we will take a look at features in Merb that are not in Rails ( the most obvious example is the more robust router ) and find a way to bring them into Rails .
How will we do this ?
The plan is to start working on Rails immediately , and to continue fixing bugs and resolving other major issues in Merb in the interim .
We will also release versions of Merb specifically designed to help ease the transition to Rails 3 .
In particular , we will do Merb releases with deprecation notices and other transitional mechanisms to assist developers in tracking down the changes that will come between Merb 1.x and Rails 3 .
Expect a number of interim releases that get incrementally closer to Rails 3 , and expect parts of Merb ( most notably the helpers ) to be ported to run on Rails 3 in order to further reduce friction .
To be perfectly clear : we are not abandoning the Merb project .
There are many production applications running on Merb that are relying on both timely bug fixes and a clear path to the future .
If you ’re using Merb today , continue using Merb .
If you ’re considering using Merb for a project because it works better for your needs , use Merb .
You will not be left in the cold and we ’re going to do everything to make sure that your applications do n’t get stuck in the past .
If you ’ve already learned Merb , we will be working hard to make sure that you can parlay that knowledge into Rails 3 .
At Engine Yard , we fully intend to continue using Merb for our internal apps until Rails 3 is out , but we will be using those ( non-trivial ) applications to be sure the experience is smooth for everyone .
There will be no huge jumps and you will not need to rewrite your application from scratch .
Why !?
As you have probably gathered from the above , there are n’t any clear points that the Merb and Rails team disagree on anymore .
Merb has been around for roughly two years now , and we ’ve proved out our ideas by use in real - world applications ( like Yellow Pages , SproutCore , Powerset , Defensio , etc. ) .
Given this philosophical convergence , it just did n’t seem like there was much to gain by continuing to duplicate effort and spend time and energy fighting each other .
I think it ’s important to acknowledge the Merb community for building something super - awesome .
I really hope that we ’ll all stay in this together , help each other in the coming months and in the transition to Rails 3 .
Rails will be putting together a new evangelism team , which will include Matt Aimonetti ( Merb core team member and evangelist ) and a few other people doing Rails evangelism work .
This group will be responsible for , among other things , helping the community get where we ’re going .
Their job will be to listen to you .
This seems crazy !
Has this ever happened before ?
Interestingly , yes .
A very similar situation confronted the Struts developers several years back .
They had built a very popular framework in Struts , but a very active group of developers were really advancing the same ideas in interesting ways in a framework called Webwork .
The Webwork developers saw their project as “ Struts done right ” , just as we believe we ’ve improved on the implementation of Rails .
Eventually , the Struts guys and the Webwork guys came to the conclusion that they would be stronger together then apart , and merged the projects .
What became Struts 2 was effectively also Webwork 2 , but the two communities got together to build something better .
I believe that this merger will get the ideas that gave Merb momentum into the hands of many more people , and that really serves us all .
I ’m looking forward to the future .
Postscript
Father dies from rare flesh - eating infection after getting tiny cut on his arm
A father died of a rare flesh - eating disease which infected his body through a tiny paper cut on his arm , an inquest has heard .
Tony Williamson , 60 , developed the deadly blood infection necrotizing fascilitis , which affects fewer than one in a million people .
Within six days of cutting his arm , toxic bacteria had destroyed parts of the inner layer of his skin .
Carole and Tony Williamson :
The former engineer died within days of being infected by a flesh - eating bug
Necrotizing fascilitis is a more severe strain of the bug which struck down TV presenter Ben Fogle while he was filming in Peru earlier this year .
Today Mr Williamson ’s widow Carole , also 60 , spoke of her devastation .
Her husband of 30 years , who was in France on business when he died , had a year earlier been given the all - clear after battling lung cancer .
The couple had planned to retire next year to their home in the French countryside .
Mrs Williamson , a drama teacher , said : ‘ It was such a small cut when he left for France , I did n’t think twice about it and nor did he .
It was a quarter of an inch if that .
‘ To think that he had died from it was just unbelievable .
For weeks afterwards all I could do was read about this disease .
‘ Tony was a loving husband and father , and we had plans to retire to France .
I just wish he had been forced into seeing a doctor earlier . ’
NF is usually caused by the common bacteria Streptococcus , which can enter the body through the smallest of cuts or bruises .
It makes its way to through the tissue and causes an infection which eats its way through the layers of the skin and down to the muscle .
Unlike the more common blood infection septicaemia , there are no tell - tale marks on the skin , and the cut itself may not appear to be as badly infected as the skin underneath .
Tony and Carole on holiday in their younger days :
They had planned to retire to France next year
The mortality rate is around 70 per cent , as patients suffer shock , collapse and organ failure .
Patients can only be saved by early diagnosis , and often drastic surgery to remove all of the infected area .
Mr Williamson , a former aircraft engineer , was the boss of a removal firm , and was in France for one week , on a job for a family in Cannes .
Within a day of leaving Britain he was suffering flu - like symptoms , feeling nauseous and gradually become weaker and delirious .
His colleague on the trip told the inquest in Eastbourne the cut on his arm had become a large open wound around two inches long the day before he died .
On arrival in Cannes , Mr Williamson collapsed outside his lorry and an ambulance was called by his client .
He was rushed to intensive care , where doctors did not initially know what was making him ill .
Mrs Williamson , who lives with the couple ’s son James , in Seaford , East Sussex , was contacted , but her husband did not survive the night and the infection lead to a fatal heart attack on July 10 .
‘ I rushed to France but it was too late ’ , she said .
‘ When I finally heard what had killed him – necrotizing fascilitis - I had no idea what it was .
He had been sick , but thought it was food poisoning .
" I want to tell the world this bacteria exists and that it can , without treatment , kill in such a short space of time , so I can stop other people being widowed by it . ’
A post mortem examination in England confirmed NF as the cause of his death .
Today East Sussex coroner Alan Craze recorded a verdict of accidental death .
He said : ‘ This was a tragic case and an extremely rare case .
I have only seen one similar case in 10 years .
The bacteria ended his body through a trauma , albeit a very small one , and the chances of saving him beyond 48 hours of his death were very , very slim indeed . ’
Leading economist David Walton , a member of the Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Committee , died of the disease within 24 hours of diagnosis in 2006 .
Published online 12 December 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1300
News
Genes discovered for brain pathway that triggers onset of adulthood .
Two genes could be part of the neural circuitry that triggers the start of puberty .
Alamy
Four families from Turkey with a genetic disorder that prevents children developing normally into adults have helped geneticists to track down genes which trigger puberty .
The researchers , from Cukurova University , Turkey and the University of Cambridge , UK , have shown that the families have mutations in the genes responsible for either a peptide found in the brain , neurokinin B , or its receptor .
Eight children from the four families have a condition called normosmic idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism ( nIHH ) , in which they fail to develop normal secondary sexual characteristics in adolescence .
Males have a small penis and undescended testes but are otherwise physically and mentally normal .
The study , published in Nature Genetics1 , suggests that neurokinin B is key in stimulating the production of gonadotropin releasing hormone ( GnRH ) by the hypothalamus .
This causes another part of the brain , the pituitary gland , to release two hormones — luteinising and follicle stimulating hormones — that trigger the synthesis of various sex hormones in the testes or ovaries .
Timing is everything
Kemal Topaloglu and colleagues analysed the genomes of both affected and unaffected children within the four families and located two mutations in the TAC3 and TACR3 genes , known to encode neurokinin B or its receptor molecule .
They also introduced the receptor gene into cultured cells and found that it allowed calcium ions to flow into cells — a process that might help to trigger hormone production by the hypothalamus .
Cells with the mutant gene did n't see a similar influx of calcium .
Neurokinin B is the second signalling protein found to have a role in regulating GnRH production .
In 2003 American and French teams independently discovered that mutations in the peptide kisspeptin and its receptor GPR54 prevent normal development during puberty 2,3
But that mutation did n't explain all cases of nIHH , and various groups began looking for a second signalling factor .
" The cells responsible for GnRH production act like a clock in sending out pulses of hormone which go down to the pituitary , ' explains Stephen O'Rahilly , director of the Institute of Metabolic Sciences at the University of Cambridge , UK .
" But a continuous stream of hormone actually switches off the production of hormones further down the chain .
As the timing is so crucial , it is not surprising that you will have several different signalling factors to fine tune the process . "
Prolific peptide
Children affected by nIHH can be treated with hormones to undergo the normal changes of puberty .
Indeed , Kemal Topaloglu , lead author of the paper , was working in Cambridge before returning to Turkey to treat the children described in the paper .
Theirs is a very rare condition resulting from high rates of intermarriage in isolated rural communities .
But problems with premature or delayed puberty are much more common , affecting perhaps 1 in 10,000 children .
ADVERTISEMENT
Gaining a better understanding of the processes that trigger puberty will help in developing new treatments for these children .
The findings may also provide key information for controlling other hormone - regulated diseases .
However , neurokinin B is expressed by various tissues around the human body , and it may be difficult to develop treatments that hit specific targets without disrupting other organs .
" Key issues to be examined now are whether it is neurokinin B acting in the brain or elsewhere in the body that is critical for reproduction , and how this could be used for the safe manipulation of fertility in humans , " warns Allan Herbison , head of the department of physiology at the University of Otago in Dunedin , New Zealand .
" Unfortunately , neurokinin B is part of a family of peptides involved in a huge variety of physiological processes . "
About the author
( NewsTarget )
In April of 2008 , President Bush signed into law S.1858 which allows the federal government to screen the DNA of all newborn babies in the U.S.
This was to be implemented within 6 months meaning that this collection is now being carried out .
Congressman Ron Paul states that this bill is the first step towards the establishment of a national DNA database .
S.1858 , known as The Newborn Screening Saves Lives
Act of 2007 , is justified as a " national contingency plan " in that it represents preparation for any sort of public health emergency .
The bill states that the federal government should " continue to carry out , coordinate , and expand research in newborn screening " and " maintain a central clearinghouse of current information on newborn screening ... ensuring that the clearinghouse is available on the Internet and is updated at least quarterly " .
Sections of the bill also make it clear that DNA may be used in genetic experiments and tests .
Read the full bill : http://www.govtrack.us/congress/bill.xpd?bil...
Twila Brase , president of the Citizens ' Council on Health Care warns that this new law represents the beginning of nationwide genetic testing .
Brase states that S.1858 and H.R. 3825 , the House version of the bill , will :  Establish a national list of genetic conditions for which newborns and children are to be tested .
Establish protocols for the linking and sharing of genetic test results nationwide .
Build surveillance systems for tracking the health status and health outcomes of individuals diagnosed at birth with a genetic defect or trait .
Use the newborn screening program as an opportunity for government agencies to identify , list , and study " secondary conditions " of individuals and their families .
Subject citizens to genetic research without their knowledge or consent .
Read her entire analysis of the implications of this bill here : http://www.cchconline.org/pdf/S_1858_NBS-DNA...
Brase states that under this bill , " The DNA taken at birth from every citizen is essentially owned by the government , and every citizen becomes a potential subject of government - sponsored genetic research . "
All 50 states are now routinely providing results of genetic screenings to the Department of Homeland Security and this bill will establish the legality of that practice plus include DNA .
Ron Paul has also vigorously argued against this bill making the following comments before the US House of Representatives : " I can not support legislation ... that exceeds the Constitutional limitations on federal power or in any way threatens the liberty of the American people .
I must oppose it . " " S. 1858 gives the federal bureaucracy the authority to develop a model newborn screening program .
Madame Speaker , the federal government lacks both the constitutional authority and the competence to develop a newborn screening program adequate for a nation as large and diverse as the United States .
" " Those of us in the medical profession should be particularly concerned about policies allowing government officials and state - favored interests to access our medical records without our consent
My review of S. 1858 indicates the drafters of the legislation made no effort to ensure these newborn screening programs do not violate the privacy rights of parents and children , in fact , by directing federal bureaucrats to create a contingency plan for newborn screening in the event of a ' public health ' disaster , this bill may lead to further erosions of medical privacy .
As recent history so eloquently illustrates , politicians are more than willing to take , and people are more than willing to cede , liberty during times of ' emergency .
"
Patty Donovan was in a wheelchair and could only walk around her house with a cane .
She was on over 20 medications .
When told to " take the morphine , get in the wheelchair and learn to live with it " by a neurosurgeon , she knew her life had to change .
She is now almost a fanatic when it comes to healing through the use of " whole foods " and and natural remedies .
Since that time , she has spent countless hours researching nutrtion and alternative health .
After spending 30 years in the allopathic health care industry in both pharmacy and as an RN , she brings a unique perspective to Natural News readers .
Since committing to this new life style , she no longer uses even a cane , has gotten off over 20 medications , lost over 50 lbs and returned to work .
The new Genesis Coupe is a hot car , but Hyundai hopes to more than that .
Until the new Genesis Coupe will be available for sale , Hyundai wants to model or embrace the list of every fan of tuning .
For this reason , the Korean manufacturer has requested the help of several tuners .
So , after Genesis is modified by Rhys Millen Racing , Hyundai announced that a second car tuning will present a modified version of the coupe at SEMA and will be HKS .
And that was on .
The new Genesis Coupe is a hot car , but Hyundai hopes to more than that .
Until the new Genesis Coupe will be available for sale , Hyundai wants to model or embrace the list of every fan of tuning .
For this reason , the Korean manufacturer has requested the help of several tuners .
So , after Genesis is modified by Rhys Millen Racing , Hyundai announced that a second car tuning will present a modified version of the coupe at SEMA and will be HKS .
And that was on .
HKS Hyundai Genesis Coupe
It works on the propelled basis variant of the 2.0 turbo engine and will provide a turbo kit , turbo exhaust system , intake system and changeable suspension .
On the exterior , Genesis Coupe will receive a new bodykit designed by Ken Style , while the interior will have electronic systems that allow monitoring of consumption , the cost of fuel and many others .
Who Is That
If you enjoy this post , make sure you subscribe to Be A Good Dad to receive new posts in your email or feed reader
Pookie ’s speech teacher gave him a new homework assignment .
We are supposed to read a book with lots of pictures with him and then on each page ask questions like “ Who is wearing the green dress ? ”
“ Who is standing next to the river ? ”
Who questions .
Great job speech teacher .
I love when they send home homework like this .
Pookie is having conversations much better than he was a year ago but it is still not anything like you would expect out of a nearly 6 year old .
This is obviously a big deal because conversations are not just important for learning but just for socializing in general .
So we ’re working on it .
Pookie does a pretty good job but one of the interesting things is that he does n’t always answer the Who questions appropriately .
Sometimes you ’ll ask him stuff like “ Who is standing next to the river ? ” and he ’ll say “ Blue ” because the water in the picture happens to be blue or he ’ll say “ Right there ” and point at the river .
We see that a lot with Pookie where we will ask him a question and he will say something that makes sense based on the words in the question but has nothing to do with the actual question .
A lot of times if we just wait a few seconds or repeat the question , he ’ll give a more appropriate answer but not always .
So learning how to answer
Who questions is about more than being able to figure out which person to talk about but also just knowing that Who means that you should be talking about a person at all .
Think about that .
How many of you have to worry about explaining nuances like that to your 3 to 6 year olds ?
Most kids learn subtleties like that just by constantly being engaged in conversations .
That ’s right .
Most kids learn to have conversations by having conversations .
A lot of autistic children do not learn conversations that easily because they either do n’t have enough conversations to get enough practice or they just do n’t get those little subtleties just by hearing them over and over .
Some times it takes a little more work .
But that does not give kids with autism an easy out and an excuse to not have these conversations .
And it does n’t mean that parents / teachers should use the same techniques that would work with Geetle on an autistic child like Pookie .
Sometimes you just need to spend a little ( or a lot ) more time working on some of the automatic fundamentals that other people just learn through normal growing up magic .
I ’m looking forward to getting Who under control so that we can move on to What and Where and When and How and Why .
Be Sociable , Share !
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
November 17th , 2008
Via : Tulsa World :
U.S. Sen . Jim Inhofe said Saturday that Congress was not told the truth about the bailout of the nation ’s financial system and should take back what is left of the $ 700 billion “ blank check ” it gave the Bush administration .
“ It is just outrageous that the American people do n’t know that Congress does n’t know how much money he ( Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson ) has given away to anyone , ” the Oklahoma Republican told the Tulsa World .
“ It could be to his friends .
It could be to anybody else .
We do n’t know .
There is no way of knowing . ”
More : Bailout Oversight Panel Empty
Economy | Posted in Dictatorship Top Of Page
That is the other Georgia , it is the Republic of Georgia .
You live in the State of Georgia in the USA .
You are talking about the former Soviet Republic .
Not to be confused with .
Mike Adams
Natural News
Friday , Oct 24 , 2008
The FDA has been caught red -handed conspiring with the chemical industry to conclude that Bisphenol - A , the plastics chemical , is harmless to human health .
As revealed by the Environmental Working Group ( see below ) , the FDA based its evaluation of BPA on a report authored by the American Chemistry Council ( ACC ) , a trade group that represents chemical companies and plastics manufacturers .
The FDA ’s evaluation concluded that BPA was perfectly safe for consumers of any age , including infants .
This conclusion stands in direct opposition to the Canadian government , which declared BPA to be a toxic chemical on Oct. 18 and moved towards banning the chemical in baby bottles .
Even the U.S. National Institutes of Health says BPA may be dangerous , admitting it is concerned about BPA ’s “ effects on development of the prostate gland and brain and for behavioral effects in fetuses , infants and children . ”
How the FDA conspires with industry
The FDA , however , has never met a corporate - sponsored chemical it did n’t like .
Thanks to industry pressure , the FDA has once again stepped to the tune of private industry while betraying the safety of the American consumer .
This decision on BPA is the latest example of why the FDA has become an enormous threat to the health and safety of the American people .
Two days ago , NaturalNews reported the FDA ’s masterminding of an extortion racket that targets small health supplement companies and threatens their owners with imprisonment if they do n’t pay huge sums of money to FDA contractors ( http://www.naturalnews.com/024567.html).
It is now clear to most independent observers that the FDA is operating a criminal protect racket that seeks to multiply the profits of drug companies and chemical companies while betraying the health and safety of the American people .
FDA decision boards are routinely stacked with “ experts ” who are on the take from the corporations impacted by their decisions , and even while the FDA is giving the big thumbs up to deadly pharmaceuticals and cancer - causing chemicals , it is targeting health supplement companies with threats so severe they would be considered criminal if uttered by anyone else .
( Article continues below )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Thanks to the FDA , it remains illegal in the United States to even link to a scientific study on the health benefits of cherries if you happen to sell cherries .
Telling the truth about anti-cancer herbs can land you in prison , and placing a customer testimonial on your health product website can earn you a visit from FDA agents accompanied by armed SWAT - style assault teams ( http://www.naturalnews.com/021791.html).
The FDA , it seems , has turned reality upside down and is now telling us that all the poisons are safe while all the natural substances are dangerous .
Consider this :
According to the FDA :
• Aspartame is perfectly safe , but stevia is too dangerous to use in foods
• Vioxx is perfectly safe , but cherries are too dangerous to treat arthritis pain
• Chemotherapy is safe enough for everyone , but anti-cancer herbs might poison you
• Vaccines are so safe that we should inject all our teenage girls with them , but Vitamin D has no biological benefit whatsoever and has no effect on preventing infections
• Bisphenol - A is safe enough for babies to drink , but human breast milk is dangerous and outlawed from being sold
The FDA : Harming babies for profit
The number of babies that have been harmed or killed by the FDA is beyond accounting .
This agency , through its outright abandonment of its duty to protect the People , has established itself as the single most dangerous organization operating on U.S. soil , far exceeding the harm posed by criminal gangs , white - collar criminals or even terrorist cells .
In the United States today , bankers who steal the People ’s money go free .
Politicians who steal the People ’s vote stay in power .
And regulatory agencies that steal the People ’s health are given yet more money by Congress .
Is there no justice left in America ?
Is there no agency remaining that ’s willing to arrest the criminals who work for the United States government ?
When did the People surrender their freedoms to the jackals in Washington ?
“ Fascism should more properly be called corporatism , since it is the merger of state and corporate power . ”
– Benito Mussolini
“ Every government degenerates when trusted to the rulers of the people alone . ” — Thomas Jefferson
“ A truth ’s initial commotion is directly proportional to how deeply the lie was believed .
It was n’t the world being round that agitated people , but that the world was n’t flat .
When a well - packaged web of lies has been sold gradually to the masses over generations , the truth will seem utterly preposterous and its speaker a raving lunatic . ” — Dresden James .
What follows is the original press release written by the Environmental Working Group ( www.EWG.org)
Chemical Industry Wrote FDA ’s Glowing Assessment of BPA ; Chemical Lobby Admits Involvement in Drafting Agency ’s Position
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported today that internal documents from the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) show that an agency task force assessment of the toxic plastics chemical bisphenol - A ( BPA ) “ was written largely by the plastics industry and others with a financial stake in the controversial chemical . ”
The newspaper reported that the American Chemistry Council ( ACC ) , the Washington - based trade group that represents the $ 664 billion U.S. chemical industry , commissioned a review of all studies of the neurotoxicity of bisphenol - A and submitted it to the FDA .
The FDA then used that report as the foundation for its evaluation of the chemical on neural and behavioral development .
An FDA assessment made public last August asserted that BPA , a synthetic estrogen and component of polycarbonate and epoxy resin plastics , is safe for use in consumer products , including baby bottles and infant formula containers .
“ This latest revelation makes clear that no matter who is in the White House come January , he has to rebuild the FDA , ” said Environmental Working Group ( EWG ) President Ken Cook .
“ An agency that once epitomized independent , impartial expertise in the service of public health has degenerated to a disgraced stenographer for the chemical and plastics industry . ”
The FDA ’s stance conflicts with the position of National Institutes of Health ’s National Toxicology Program , which last month concluded that people are being exposed to BPA at levels which raise “ some concern ” for “ effects on development of the prostate gland and brain and for behavioral effects in fetuses , infants and children . ”
On Oct. 18 , the Canadian government , differing sharply with FDA ’s position on BPA brain toxicity , declared BPA a toxin , a first step in its efforts to restrict its use in baby bottles and formula .
The Journal Sentinel quoted ACC spokeswoman Tiffany Harrington as confirming ACC ’s involvement in drafting the agency ’s position : “ We are a stakeholder just like anyone else , ” Harrington said .
“ It ’s part of the process . ”
Earlier this month the Journal Sentinel disclosed that University of Michigan toxicologist Martin Philbert , Ph.D. , chair of a key science advisory panel guiding the FDA ’s continuing review of BPA ’s potential health risks , failed to disclose to the agency a $ 5 million gift from Charles Gelman , the retired head of Gelman Sciences , a medical device manufacturing company which used BPA in its products , to the university Risk Science Center which Philbert directs .
The FDA has said it will review Philbert ’s actions .
But it has rebuffed calls by EWG and other groups to halt a meeting scheduled for Oct. 31 until a top - down investigation of this matter is concluded .
At that meeting , Philbert is expected to make recommendations to the FDA Science Board on the safety of BPA in baby bottles , formula cans and other food packaging .
EWG is a nonprofit research organization based in Washington , DC that uses the power of information to protect human health and the environment .
It is hard for me to imagine the staffs of National Review , the Weekly Standard , and the Wall Street Journal editorial page actually , personally , physically torturing somebody , though a few might overcome their inherent wussiness and be able to do it .
Whether they would be able to do it themselves or not , however , it is difficult to escape the conclusion that they strongly believe that some people need to be abused .
It ’s also difficult to credit the notion that this belief does not involve a certain degree of sadism , if only vicarious .
How can I say such a thing ?
The semi-rational justifications for torture they employ in fact have no substance to them .
The first scenario is some variation on having a terrorist in custody who knows the whereabouts of a bomb that ’s about to go off in an hour or so , killing thousands or tens of thousands of people .
Would n’t you torture such a person to get the truth out of him ?
And if you ’d authorize torture in that situation , you ’ve acknowledged that a blanket ban on torture is n’t practical , prudent , or wise , since there is at least one instance in which you would use it .
The trouble with this scenario is that while it ’s the kind of thing a bunch of college students sitting around drinking and perhaps partaking of other substances might come up with as a thought experiment , there is no known instance of it having happened .
The likelihood of it ever happening this way outside of a movie script or spy novel is low to the vanishing point .
The second scenario is having a highly placed terror suspect who knows something about plans for future attacks .
Would you think about waterboarding him to soften him up so you could get information that might foil future attacks ?
Any number of people , including in the last few days the Journal ‘s editorial page , have claimed that ’s what happened with Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the presumed “ mastermind ” of the 9/11 attacks .
They waterboarded him once , and he could n’t wait to spill details of planned future attacks , all of which our crack security services prevented .
Of course nobody who claims to be in the know on this has offered any details on just which attacks were foiled , but we ’re not supposed to let that little detail induce a hint of skepticism .
Torture may be distasteful , but it works .
Do n’t you watch 24 ?
To which the obvious reply is :
Do n’t you realize Jack Bauer is a fictional character in a fictional set of stories whose scripts are not necessarily required to conform to reality ?
All the claims abut what KSM spilled after being waterboarded are vague .
We have heard nothing specific as to planned attacks ( which would have been changed once others knew he was in custody anyway ) , organizational information , or the identification of previously unknown al - Qaeda members .
I think we can be pretty sure that if they had more specific information they would have leaked it or announced it long ago .
One problem with all this lusting after torture is that there is no evidence that torture gets you reliable information .
This is not to deny that there might be reliable anecdotes of instances in which some kind of torture has produced reliable intelligence .
But it ’s a hit - and - miss proposition in which torture is likely to produce good information in a tiny minority of instances , if that .
The professional interrogators I have talked to say that taking somebody ’s clothes off and rendering him or her naked is a fairly effective method of speeding up an interrogation , but the other techniques are more likely to backfire than to produce reliable information .
When someone is being tortured  put in great pain or fear  they tell me , he or she will say anything to get it to stop , with the mostly likely “ anything ” being what they calculate the interrogator wants to hear .
That may or may not be the truth , but it ’s just as likely to be a lie .
The best way to get at the truth is gradually to win the detainee ’s confidence , which seldom happens in a single session .
Sorry .
Hard work and skill are the keys to success in almost every endeavor .
Shortcuts seldom work , and it ’s as true in interrogation as in most other activities .
It ’s worth remembering that the torture techniques the U.S. decided to authorize were reverse - engineered .
The SERE courses were designed to train U.S. special forces and other personnel to resist the kinds of techniques that had been encountered in the Korean War and other Cold War encounters , including Vietnam .
But those torture or torture - like techniques were not designed to elicit reliable information .
They were designed to get prisoners to confess to various things most U.S. military people would regard as untrue  that they were agents of a sinister international imperialist endeavor that systematically exploited poor people and operated on behalf of evil capitalist evildoers .
In other words , the techniques were not designed to get a detainee to say what he thought was true , but to get him to say things he thought were untrue  or , if accompanied by really skillful and sympathetic interrogation techniques , to get him to believe at some level they just might be true .
The torture techniques were not designed for intelligence - gathering purposes but for propaganda purposes .
So how likely is it that techniques designed to get a prisoner to say what he believes to be untrue will get him to spill what he believes to be true ?
What I ’m arguing is not based simply on theory .
The elements of the military that have studied interrogation and torture come to similar conclusions , acknowledging that the matter has n’t been studied closely in about 50 years since the military was committed to using non-torture interrogation techniques , but that most of what is known about torture is that it yields notoriously unreliable information .
In short , the premise that torturing somebody will yield reliable intelligence is so shaky that there must be other reasons for insisting so stubbornly that the better standards and traditions of the military ( let alone of a society that aspires to be civilized ) should be abandoned in order to authorize it .
The case for torture is so attenuated that it is difficult not to believe that something like sadistic impulses , whether vicarious or not , are at play .
So did the Bush era yield policies  and we have discovered that they came from the top rather than being requested by interrogators in the field  grounded in sadism and not much else ?
We may not have enough evidence to be as sure of such a conclusion as we would be of a proof in geometry , but a great deal of the evidence surely points in that direction .
Perhaps , then it is not such a surprise that various commentators are so upset that President Obama has issued orders that interrogators in all agencies stick to the Army Field Manual guidelines for interrogation .
Although a few of the torture advocates have been clever enough to make the case in ways that can be construed as rational  a little torture here and there could save many American lives and prevent incalculable damage  the real reasons for wanting to authorize torture are quite possibly much less rational , rooted in psychological tendencies and lodged firmly in the reptilian portions of the brain , virtually immune to mere reason .
That might explain also what is otherwise a rather puzzling phenomenon .
Conservatives and Republicans are howling not just over the limitation of torture but the closing of the Guantanamo prison .
Can it possibly be that they have made a political calculation that their best chance for gaining back power from the Democrats who have trounced them so decisively the last couple of years is to let it be known that they are on the side of indefinite detention and torture ?
Can they possibly believe that this is what a majority of the American people want to hear from political leaders ?
Stick with us ?
We ’ll be sure to preside over the abandonment of what is best and most admirable in American traditions ?
We ’ll make sure the United States tortures people ?
Is that a winning platform ?
Perhaps it is , though I refuse to believe it .
If positions in favor of torture are not taken because of a political calculation that they would be electorally advantageous , however , and if a reasonably informed analysis concludes that torture is not effective as a way to obtain reliable information , there must be deep - rooted , far less rational reasons for otherwise intelligent people to be so wedded to the proposition that torture is an essential tool in the “ war on terrorism . ”
Whether it is sadism , childhood memories of powerlessness that need to be countered by embracing power , or some other essentially psychological phenomenon , it is surely not a strictly rational position to take .
A rational analysis would yield the opposite conclusion , that torture is to be avoided not only because it provides a rationale for opposing forces to torture our military , but because it just does n’t work .
So do n’t be surprised if rational argumentation does n’t work with some of these people .
Opinions not rooted in a rational process can seldom be uprooted through mere argumentation .
It has been over a month since we heard much about Conficker , but the worm has reappeared with a vengeance over the past seven days .
According to Finnish security company F - Secure , more than one million PCs have been infected with the worm ( also known as Kido or Downadup ) in the past 24 hours , with a total of 3.52 million machines infected worldwide .
According to F - Secure , that 3.52 million is a conservative estimate .
The problem is n't so much with the older version of Conficker ( now known as Conficker .
A ) but with a new flavor , dubbed Conficker .
B.
Ars spoke with Roger Halbheer , Chief Security Advisor of Microsoft 's EMEA ( Europe , Middle East , and Africa ) ; he 's been monitoring ( and writing ) about the current spread of infections .
The skyrocketing infection rate is actually being caused by several factors ; Roger describes Conficker .
B as a " beast , " and Microsoft has built the following diagram to demonstrate how the worm functions .
Once run or given access to an unprotected machine , Conficker .
B begins searching for other systems or shares within the local network that it can infect .
Shared systems , removable drives , or unpatched systems are all eligible targets , as are machines with weak passwords .
This last bit is an important new feature of Conficker .
B ; a complete list of the passwords it checks for can be found here .
If Conficker .
B manages to successfully guess a password , it moves in and continues hunting for new targets .
Microsoft summarizes the new strain as follows :
Worm : Win32 / Conficker .
B is a worm that infects other computers across a network by exploiting a vulnerability in the Windows Server service
( SVCHOST.EXE ) .
If the vulnerability is successfully exploited , it could allow remote code execution when file sharing is enabled .
It may also spread
via removable drives and weak administrator passwords .
It disables several important system services and security products .
Roger confirmed that the Malicious Software Removal Tool ( MSRT ) has checked for and removed Conficker .
B since December 29 , 2008 , but it 's not possible to access any Microsoft website once Conficker .
B has infected a system ; the worm blocks access to multiple domains based on string identification .
If you 've got a system that 's infected , you 'll need to download the latest MSRT from Microsoft on a clean system and run it manually .
Not all AV scanners currently detect Conficker .
B , even if they 've been updated to detect Conficker .
A— I do n't have a list of specific solutions that can't currently catch the new worm , but all of Microsoft 's antimalware / antivirus products —
Forefront , OneCare , and the Online Safety Scanner — will find Conficker .
B if it 's present ( and you somehow have n't noticed ) .
If there 's a scrap of good news in all this , it 's that Conficker .
B is not a subtle worm .
Roger has provided some additional coverage on the worm that may be useful .
First and foremost , he recommends installing MS08 - 067 — this will not remove an existing infection , but it will guard against attack from either version of the agent , provided you are n't using weak passwords .
When Conficker .
A first appeared , we raised the question of whether or not Microsoft should force updates in certain situations , and what those situations might be .
In this case , even unilaterally enforced updates would n't solve the problem of weak passwords , but it would have undoubtedly cut the number of new infections we are seeing today .
The size of that reduction would be the point on which the value of forced updates would turn , and of course , that 's the one thing we can't predict ; there are holes in existing AV products that would allow Conficker .
B through , and the worm will attack and infect machines using weak passwords .
Depending on how you view the situation ; this second strain could reinforce the need for mandatory updates or blow a hole in the argument .
Part of the reason for the problem , however , must inevitably come back upon the users , IT administrators , or managers that opted not to install the patch .
As Roger writes : " If you decide not to roll out a security update which is so critical that we decide to go out of band , you play Russian Roulette with your network ...
The same is actually true if you do not run and maintain an appropriate Anti-Malware solution ... Now , if we look at Conficker .B :
This is really an ugly beast :
You need just one infected machine in your network in order to have it spread across your network fast and aggressively .
You can get it even through a USB - stick ... it just needs one unpatched / infected machine . "
Indeed .
Based on the characteristics of a worm such as this , even mandatory updates would only be one facet of prevention .
HOW do the Dutch handle a smoking ban ?
Here small cafes and bars join up to protest against the ban .
The smokers all pay a certain amount of money when entering the pub so that the pub owner can pay the fine , but the smoking simply continues .
In parliament some people start to say that the ban should be reversed , or at least be loosened for small pub owners who will go bankrupt because of it .
It is madness !
Dutch people never protest like this .
But apparently , they hate to be told what to do .
Maybe that is why we allow soft drugs as well .
My guess is that we will loosen the smoking ban , that smoking will be allowed in bars smaller than an x amount of square meters .
The Germans did the same , and I think it is the only way the Dutch will accept the ban in at least some places .
John Whitehead at Environmental Economics adds :
I must say i think the " smokers entrance fee " is a very clever way around the law and i applaud it entirely .
In fact it makes great sense economically .
If the fee is such that it decreases the demand for smoking in pubs such that it equates the marginal external cost of going to the pub ( including health damages of smoking ) to the demand for smoking in pubs then the Marginal cost is equal to the marginal benefit and you have a very nice equilibrium .
Perhaps the govt should formalise the fee .
They can use the extra revenues to cut income tax and gain a double dividend i.e. health benefits plus wider improvements in the economy .
My understanding is that such smoking bans are often about the health of the wait staff , which might not , in the absence of such bans , have recourse to jobs in a smoke - free environment .
But this is interesting , nonetheless .
" Those who want to treat the delay in creating a diplomatic exit strategy for the war in Gaza as if it were a divine decree must take into account that at the end of this determination are casualties .
For all of humankind ’s history , we ’ve been fascinated with hidden places .
Before they were a fun architectural addition to new homes , hidden rooms and secret passages served a purpose .
Most often , that purpose was to allow someone to hide or escape from some kind of danger .
At other times , though , they have served a much more sinister purpose .
Here are ten notable hidden chambers , secret rooms , and concealed passages from throughout history from priest holes to royal escape routes .
There are few cultures more mysterious than the Ancient Egyptians .
Their enormous monuments defy our ideas about ancient technology .
Countless explorers , marauders and archaeologists have struggled to uncover the secrets of the Giza Plateau pyramids for centuries .
The designers of the monuments must have anticipated this , because their ingenious designs allowed many mummified remains to lie undisturbed since they were initially laid to rest .
The pyramids often contain a decoy room filled with a few items to throw off tomb raiders , while the actual burial chamber is concealed .
Only with the progression of our own technology have we been able to detect the rooms hidden deep beneath the main passages .
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I , practicing Catholic rites was punishable by up to life in prison or even death .
Some brave Catholic priests roamed the country to visit loyal Catholics and perform services in their homes .
The Queen ’s men also roamed the country to catch Catholic priests in the act .
As a result , many homes featured hidden chambers called priest holes .
Priest holes were tiny , cleverly concealed spaces designed to hide a Catholic priest during raids and searches .
Searches could last for days or even weeks , and often involved experienced builders who were trained to look for hiding places .
Some priests were known to starve or suffocate in the cramped quarters while waiting out a search .
It 's easy to love Twitter , but sometimes you just wish you could get more out of its limited Web interface .
That 's where Greasemonkey scripts come in .
Using Greasemonkey scripts you can nest replies , silence noisy twits , retweet to other services , and more .
Here are over 20 that are sure to vastly improve your Twitter experience .
What are some of your favorite Greasemonkey based Twitter enhancements ?
Nested Twitter Replies - Provides you with nested replies so that you can better follow conversations as they happen .
The only flaw is that all replies are attached to the last post by the original poster , so if they tweet quickly , you could end up with some odd conversations .
Endless Tweets -
While this script will do a few things for you like show members on Google Maps if they have entered coordinates , the most exciting aspect is the pre-loading of extra pages .
As you reach the bottom of a page of a person 's tweets , instead of clicking to go to the next page , this script will add them to the bottom of the page for continuous scrolling .
Intercepter 1.2 - This replaces all TinyURLs with the actual URLs of the site they direct to so you will no longer need to guess what sort of site you are heading for .
Keyboard Shortcuts Enhancement - Gives you keyboard shortcuts in several different services , and with Twitter it will let you focus on the text area , advance pages and more .
Now Shoosh ! -
Ever follow someone because you felt you had to , but do n't want to be stuck reading their updates ?
" Now Shoosh ! " will hide their tweets from your view , and if you wish to restore them someday , you can .
Reverse Tweet Order - Reverse the order of tweets on a page so you see the oldest first .
A great way to catch up if you 're behind on reading your timelines .
Summize Replies -
For those times when you can't see your replies on Twitter , this will take you to replies directed at you on Twitter Search .
Twitter Friend Name Helper - Working like most contact lists , name suggestions appear as you type , eventually allowing you to click on the name of the person to complete your " @ " or " D " communication with them .
TwitPic Previewer -
Get a preview of a pic stored on TwitPic before you click on the link and head over to the site .
Twitter @ Reply To A Specific Message - Places a link in your reply to the post you 're replying to so people can see what your message is about .
Twitter Emoticons from Yahoo ! -
Replaces the plain old text emoticons with images from Yahoo .
Twitter Enhancements : Retweet This -
Adds a retweet option to the end of all posts for easier sharing of messages .
Twitter Enhancements : Retweet This to Plurk - Another retweet option that this time will copy a tweet over to the Plurk site .
Twitter Follower Sorter -
Allows you to sort your followers to see which of them you are already following and which you may have missed .
Twitter Profile Popup -
Hover your mouse over a person 's avatar and see a popup of their user profile .
Twitter Live Updater - Auto updates for home , replies and the public timeline without a need to refresh the entire browser .
Twitter Mod - Twitter
Mod does several things all from one handy script such as TinyURL preview , contacts list , profile popup and several more features .
Twitter Sidebar Replies -
Ever curious about what people say to a user that you are considering following or are just looking up ?
This script adds " @ " replies to them in the sidebar so you can get an idea of how they communicate with others .
Twitter User Classify -
Shows you with just a glance how a Twitter user rates on Evan Prodromou 's scale of TwitterCaster to TwitterSpammer .
Twitter_Lite - A
Twitter client you can open up anytime , anywhere on the Web by hitting shift - T. Gives you some abilities such as searching Twitter , looking up related items on Flickr , switching timelines and more .
Twitter Upgrade - Combines numerous scripts that do things like convert latitude and longitude to everyday locations , offline conversations , hashtags support and more .
Interested in more Twitter resources ?
Check these out :
illustration from hans von gersdorff ’s book ‘ feldtbůch der wundartzney : newlich getruckt und gebessert ’ , 1529
the combination of art and medical knowledge has been used to teach and protect communities since mankind ’s early years .
however , the desire to represent our inner physical selves in pictureshas not always been as strong as our need to speculate .
the contemplation of our internal workings has ranged from the mystical and spiritual to the surreal and then the informative .
in all these forms the manifestation of our inner workings in imagery reveals just as much about our outer worlds , our beliefs and lifestyles .
artist unknown
POZNAN , Poland ( Reuters ) - Clearing tropical forests to plant biofuels is a bad idea for the climate and reduces the diversity of animal and plant life , a study found on Monday .
“ Keeping tropical rain forests intact is a better way to combat climate change than replacing them with biofuel plantations , ” according to scientists from seven nations writing in the journal Conservation Biology .
Millions of hectares of forest land in South East Asia has been converted to palm oil plantations to produce biofuels -- seen as greener than fossil fuels because plants soak up greenhouse gases from the atmosphere as they grow .
But the study , released on the opening day of 187 - nation talks on a new U.N. climate treaty in Poland , said it would take 75 years for carbon emissions saved from using biofuels to make up for carbon released into the atmosphere by burning down a forest to clear it for a biofuel plantation .
And the balance would only be achieved after more than 600 years if the habitat was carbon - rich peatland , it said .
Planting biofuels on degraded grasslands , however , could lead to a net removal of carbon after only a decade .
“ Sourcing biofuel feedstock from crops such as palm oil simply does n’t make environmental sense , ” said Emily Fitzherbert from the University of East Anglia , England , who was one of the authors .
The spread of biofuel plantations in Asia has also led to a loss of habitat for species such as rhinos and orangutans according to the report , by scientists in the Netherlands , the United States , Malaysia , Germany , Indonesia , Britain and Denmark .
SUBSIDIES
“ Subsidies to purchase tropical biofuels are given by countries in Europe and North America supposedly to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions from transport , ” said lead author Finn Danielsen of Denmark ’s Nordic Agency for Development and Ecology .
The scientists said that plants thriving alongside palm oil in plantations were usually ones that liked bright sunshine while forest species such as lianas , orchids and native palms and others that favored shade died out .
They said that only one in six forest animal species could survive in plantations .
The authors called for the development of common global standards for sustainable production of biofuels .
And they said the problems were not just in South East Asia .
“ In Latin America , forests are being cleared for soy production which is even less efficient at biofuel production compared to oil palm , ” said co-author Faizal Parish of the Global Environment Center .
He said that reducing deforestation was a far better way for countries to fight climate change while also meeting their obligations to protect biodiversity .
-- For Reuters latest environment blogs click on : blogs.reuters.com/environment/
At first , Intel chairman Craig Barrett struck me as a testy old dude .
This would be fair , considering his company was about to announce a sudden 90 % plunge in profits .
So it 's understandable that , when I asked him about Nvidia 's recent coup , getting Apple to swap out Intel product for GeForce 9400 M chipset , he said with more than a hint of disdain , " You 're obviously a Mac user . "
Here 's a guy who is used to making judgments , and doing it quickly .
Advertisement
But when I told him I also built my desktop with an Intel Core 2 Duo Wolfdale chip , he reversed his decision .
Laughing , he said , " You 're alright for a kid that wears black Keds . "
This was n't his first reference to my sneakers — they were Adidas , actually — and it was n't his last either .
Advertisement
At 69 , he is definitely one of the oldest guys running a powerhouse innovation company like Intel , and when he 's sitting there in front of you , he conveys an attitude that he 's seen it all .
He hung up his labcoat for a tailored suit long ago , but talking to him , you can still tell that his degree from Stanford is n't some MBA , but a PhD in materials science .
Nerdspeak flows easily out of his mouth , and he closes his eyes while calmly making a point , like a college professor .
At the same , you get a sense of the agitation within .
After all , he 'll be the first to tell you that in business , he still lives by the mantra of his Intel CEO predecessor Andy Grove : " Only the paranoid survive . "
In the end , I really liked the guy .
He 's tough but fair , like an Old Testament king .
Here are excerpts from our conversation , chip guru to chip fanboy , about vanquishing your competition , the limitations of clock speed , the continuing rage of the multi- core race and how to keep paranoid in your golden years .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
What 's the endgame of the multi- core arms race ?
Is there one ?
If everything works well , they continue to get Moore 's Law from a compute power standpoint .
[ But ] you need software solutions to go hand - in - hand with software solutions ... There 's a whole software paradigm shift that has to be happen .
How involved is Intel in the software side of making that happen ?
Probably the best measure is that if look at the people we hire each year , we still hire more software engineers than hardware engineers .
Advertisement
Where do you see Larrabee , Intel 's in - development , dedicated high - end GPU , taking you ?
The fundamental issue is that performance has to come from something other than gigahertz ...
We 've gotten to the limit we can , so you 've got to do something else , which is multiple cores , and then it 's either just partitioning solutions between cores of the same type or partitioning solutions between heterogeneous cores on the same chip .
Advertisement
You see , everybody 's kind of looking at the same thing , which is , ' How do I mix and match a CPU - and a GPU - type core , or six of these and two of those , and how do you have the software solution to go hand - in - hand ? '
So what do you think of the competition coming from Nvidia lately ?
At least someone is making very verbal comments about the competition anyway .
Advertisement
Do you see Nvidia as more of a competitor than AMD ?
How do you see the competitive landscape now ?
We still operate under the Andy Grove scenario that only the paranoid survive , so we tend to be paranoid about where competition comes from any direction .
If you look at the Intel history , our major competitor over the years has been everybody from IBM to NEC to Sun to AMD to you - name - it .
So the competition continually changes , just as the flavor of technology changes .
As visualization becomes more important — and visualization is key to what you and consumers want — then is it the CPU that 's important , or the GPU , or what combination of the two and how do you get the best visualization ?
The competitive landscape changes daily .
Nvidia is obviously more of a competitor today than they were five years ago .
AMD is still a competitor .
Advertisement
Would you say the same competitive philosophy applies to the mobile space ?
Two different areas , obviously .
The netbook is really kind of a slimmed down laptop .
The Atom processor takes us in that space nicely from a power / performance standpoint .
Atom allows you to go down farther in this kind of fuzzy area in between netbooks , MIDs [ mobile internet devices ] and smartphones .
The question there is , ' What does the consumer want ? '
The issue is , ' What is the ultimate device in that space ? ' ... Is it gonna be an extension of the internet coming down , or there gonna be an upgrowth of the cellphone coming up ?
Advertisement
Are you planning on playing more directly in phones , then ?
Those MIDs look more and more like smartphones to me ...
All they need to do is shrink down a little bit and they 're a damn good smartphone .
They have the capability of being a full - internet - functionality smartphone as opposed to an ARM - based one — maybe it looks like the internet you 're used to or , maybe it does n't .
Intel and Microsoft " won " the PC Revolution .
There 's a computer on basically every office desk in the country .
What 's beyond that ?
Mobile , developing countries ?
Well , it 's a combination .
There 's an overriding trend toward mobility for convenience .
We can shrink the capability down to put it in a mobile form factor , and the cost is not that much more than a desktop , point one .
Point two , if you go to the emerging economies where you think that mobile might be lacking , really the only way to get good broadband connectivity in most of the emerging markets is not with wired connectivity or fixed point connectivity , it 's gonna be broadband wireless and that facilitates mobile in emerging markets as well .
Advertisement
So where does that take Intel going in the next five years ?
It 's pushing things like broadband wireless , WiMax ...
It 's broadband wireless capability , that 's the connectivity part .
It 's mobility with more compute power and lower energy consumption to facilitate battery life and all that good stuff .
And it 's better graphics .
That 's kind of Larrabee and that whole push .
You 've passed AMD on every CPU innovation that it had before you did , such as on - die memory controllers , focus on performance per watt , etc .
How do you plan to stay ahead ?
The basic way you stay ahead is that you have to set yourself with aggressive expectations .
There 's nothing in life that comes free .
You 're successful when you set your expectations high enough to beat the competition .
And I think the best thing that we have going for us is ... the Moore 's Law deal .
Advertisement
As long as we basically do n't lose sight of that , and continue to push all of our roadmaps , all of our product plans and such to follow along Gordon 's law , then we have the opportunity to stay ahead .
That doubling every 18 months or so is the sort of expectation level you have to set for yourself to be successful .
Would you consider that the guiding philosophy , the banner on the wall ?
That 's the roadmap !
That is the roadmap we have .
If you dissect a bit , you tend to find that the older you get , the more conservative you get typically and you kinda start to worry about Moore 's Law not happening .
But if you bring the bright young talent and say , ' Hey , bright young talent , we old guys made Moore 's Law happen for 40 years , do n't screw it up , ' they 're smart enough to figure it out .
Your Dog : Foods to Avoid
By Kymythy R. Schultze , CN
www.Kymythy.com
Question :
What foods and food ingredients should I avoid feeding my dog ?
Answer :
This is by no means a list of everything on the planet that ’s bad for dogs .
But it ’s a few of the things that should be avoided by themselves or as an ingredient in something else .
1. Chocolate .
This contains the alkaloid theobromine which is toxic to dogs .
It also contains caffeine and may contain sugar .
2. Dairy .
Dairy products include milk , cream , butter , cheese , cottage cheese , yogurt , whey , sour cream , kefir , casein , and ice cream .
Milk is a hormonal growth fluid produced by a mother for her young of the same species .
Dogs do not “ milk ” cows and , after weaning , have no need for dairy products .
A weaned dog is n’t equipped with the enzymes needed to digest the protein and sugar in dairy products .
Plus , studies with some animals show that casein ( a protein in milk ) interferes with the absorption of other nutrients .
3. Essential Oils .
Dogs are very sensitive to the potent essential oils that may be used on humans .
If you wish to use aromatherapy for your dog , check references for safety and always dilute them in a carrier oil .
Use caution with cleaning products that contain essential oils .
Also make certain your dog does n’t get into potpourri .
4. Grapes and Raisins .
These are tricky because no one is certain yet why there have been recent reports of toxicity due to grape and raisin ingestion .
Until we know more , they ’re best avoided .
5. Houseplants .
There are too many houseplants that are toxic to name here .
Some are n’t toxic but , personally , I presume one is until I find out otherwise .
Let your dog know that chewing on houseplants is definitely a “ no no . ”
If you like , you can provide a pot of fresh wheatgrass for safe nibbling .
6. Onions and Garlic .
Ingestion of onions and garlic are related to destruction of red blood cells .
They may also irritate the gastrointestinal system .
There ’s still debate about the harmful effects of garlic as many people including holistic vets have used it in dogs without problem , but I do want to inform you of the potential risk .
7. Raw Salmon .
Salmon poisoning is an infectious disease caused by a rickettsia that uses a parasitic fluke on salmon as a host .
It can cause serious illness and death .
8. Soy .
Soy is found in various forms in many products .
It contains compounds that may negatively affect dogs by interfering with nutrient absorption , normal growth , thyroid function , and hormonal development .
9. Sugar .
As discussed earlier , cancer cells thrive on sugar as do many other disease processes .
And sugar comes in many forms , including beet , raw , brown , cane , fructose , corn sweetener , corn syrup , date , dextrin , dextrose , glucose , lactose , maltose , manitol , polydextrose , sorbital , sorghum , sucanat , sucrose , turbinado , barley malt , molasses , honey , and maple syrup .
Xylitol , a sweetener made from carbohydrate should also be avoided .
10 . Yeast .
This is a fungus that many dogs cannot tolerate .
It may cause allergic reactions , bloating , digestive and urinary problems .
Different forms include brewer ’s , nutritional , baker ’s , torula , and primary yeasts .
About the author : Kymythy Schultze has been a trailblazer in animal nutrition for over two decades .
She is also a human nutritionist and has helped thousands of people and their pets live happier , healthier lives .
To learn how to easily prepare healthy meals for dogs , cats , and humans , check out her best - selling books : Natural Nutrition for Dog and Cats : The Ultimate Diet , The Natural Nutrition No-Cook Book : Delicious Food for You and Your Pets ! and her new book Natural Nutrition for Cats : The Path to Purr - fect Health .
Visit her website at www.kymythy.com.
The Chinese government has apparently made a New Year ’s resolution to crack down even harder on “ vulgarity ” on the web , sending warning shots to nineteen sites including the two most popular search engines in China : Baidu and Google .
Officials said that the sites had not done enough or acted quickly enough to prevent banned content from reaching otherwise pristine Chinese browsers .
In other words , search engines must avoid including links to such sites within their search results .
While we in the Western world often take the freedom of most information for granted , the Chinese government considers the following broad categories of information Illegal and Harmful :
Those against the basic principles of the constitution ;
Those that hinders national security and national unity ;
Those that instigates ethnic hatred and discrimination , and hinders ethnic unity and solidarity ;
Those that spreads obscene and pornographic content , content of gambling , violence , murder , terror , or criminal abetting , those that insults or libels the others , and violates the rights of the others , etc ; CIIRC is mainly focused on contents harmful to the healthy growth of minors , such as obscenity and pornography , gambling , violence , terror , criminal abetting , and contents that spread ethnic hatred , libelling and insulting , violating the others ’ rights , and violating intellectual property rights .
( Sic — and also sick , IMHO ) .
So the Chinese government entitles itself to suppress not only political dissent , but also anything it considers unhealthy .
There might be something to that — just think of how their policies could prevent many needless repetitive stress injuries to male elbows !
Nah — pornography is widely available in China , even though it ’s illegal .
This policy seems more like striking a moral pose to lend weight to their authority , as well as to show their citizens that political dissent is n’t the only thing they suppress .
It ’s all for your own good — you will learn to love Big Brother .
While the government is saying that “ stern punishment ” will be meted out to offending sites , it ’s unclear exactly what that will entail .
Chinese state television showed officials seizing equipment from an unknown office — but who knows if that was n’t staged for added effect ?
I wonder if [ GAS ] is banned in China ?
We ’ve got “ sex ” in our name and our domain , and we do n’t mind saying what we think .
Navigating over to greatfirewallofchina.org to find out , I was met with the following disappointing notice :
Because of the ever stricter measures of censorship China imposes on the Internet , the team of www.greatfirewallofchina.org at present can no longer vouch for the reliability of its test tool .
We have therefore decided to take the test tool offline .
Even what ’s censored in China is censored !
Radio Ecoshock is a brilliant weekly one - hour roundup of the big environmental and social issues of our time .
Alex Smith collects the best podcasts , conference recordings and original interview from a refreshing diversity of leading experts and authorities .
Many great ideas and fascinating commentary that you wo n’t hear anywhere else :
* “ the business model of the auto industry is broken ” — Dr. Peter Morici , Professor of International Business at the University of Maryland
* coal - fired power plants are dumping thousands of tonnes radioactive waste such as thorium and uranium into the air and on the land
* London - based Gwynne Dyer columnist , author , military historian on extreme climate change and resulting wars
* Dec 8 show — includes shameless but hilarious , twisted XMAS songs from the coal industry : “ Ho Ho Ho Clean Coal for the Holidays ” and “ Frosty the Coal Man ” .
Lots of supplemental information on the RE blog — Ecoshock Program Notes .
, the Japanese - based disc producer , has annouced that it will be bringingto the market , and that the boxset for the TV serieswill be the first video to use the combo disc .
The disc will only be a single layer Blu-ray on one side and a dual layer DVD on the other , but the company says a full BD - 50 dual layer on one side is possible .
Before its demise earlier this year , a good amount ofdiscs were combo discs as an effort to spur interest in the format and in HD in general .
The Infinity BD / DVD Hybrid discs will begin shipping in mid-February , and the 11 - episode Blu-ray boxset will retail for the equivalent of $ 408 USD .
The Videos
More soon !
Announcements on twitter ( or RSS ) ; check out the schedule to see what 's coming .
And I wish I could spell out just what that was , but you would n’t believe me , and the people at Sony might not invite me to any more screenings .
So instead of spelling out what happens in “ Seven Pounds , ” I ’ll just pluck a few key words and phrases from my notes , and arrange them in the kind of artful disorder Mr. Muccino seems to favor ( feel free to start crying any time ) :
Eggplant parmesan .
Printing press .
Lung .
Bone marrow .
Eye transplant .
Rosario Dawson .
Great Dane . Banana peel .
Jellyfish ( but you knew that already ) .
Car accident .
Congestive heart failure .
Huh ?
What the ... ?
Hang on .
What ’s he doing ?
Why ?
Who does he think he is ?
Jesus !
That last , by the way , is not an exclamation of shock but rather an answer to the preceding question , posed with reference to Mr. Smith .
Lately he has taken so eagerly to roles predicated on heroism and world - saving self - sacrifice  see “ I Am Legend ” and “ Hancock ”  that you may wonder if he has a messiah clause in his contract .
Which is not to say that he does n’t show range in these films , in which he credibly plays a research scientist , a dissolute superhero and , in this latest one , an I.R.S. agent .
An I.R.S. agent who wants only to help people .
This is a nice , small joke that provides a few grace notes of levity in what is otherwise a lugubrious exercise in spiritual bushwa .
For all its pious , earnest air , “ Seven Pounds ” cries out to be remade as an Asian horror movie , so that the deep , creepy grotesqueness of its governing premise might be allowed to flourish , rather than to fester beneath the surface .
As it is , the movie is basically an inverted , twisted tale of revenge .
Ben Thomas , Mr. Smith ’s character , is in essence a benevolent vigilante , harassing , stalking and spying on unsuspecting citizens for their own good , and also to punish himself .
Why such misery should also be inflicted on an innocent , affirmation - hungry audience  and also on the marvelous Ms. Dawson , who plays one of Ben ’s victim - beneficiaries  is another matter entirely .
But maybe I ’m approaching this in the wrong way .
Maybe “ Seven Pounds ” is n’t a spiritual parable about redemption or forgiveness or salvation or whatever , but rather a collection of practical lessons .
Do n’t drive while using a BlackBerry .
Fertilize your rose bushes with banana peels  sorry , that was a spoiler .
But please , whatever you do , do n’t touch the jellyfish .
Did Graham Greene invent film noir ?
I 've always secretly hoped the answer was yes .
It would be fitting that Britain 's miserable , morally conflicted poet of the third - class railway compartment could be established as the prime mover behind the darkest , nastiest and sourest cinematic style of all - rather than bullish American wordsmiths of the James M Cain and Dashiell Hammett stable .
We all know Greene had a hand in arguably the finest noir ever made , The Third Man , and the adaptations of Ministry of Fear , Brighton Rock and The Basement Room ( known in cinemas as The Fallen Idol ) are all noir classics of one kind or another .
But they were all a little late to the film - noir party , reaching cinemas between 1944 and 1949 .
A much better claim can be staked by the 1942 film This Gun for Hire , adapted — very loosely — from Greene 's 1936 novel A Gun for Sale .
In its page - to - screen trajectory , This Gun for Hire exactly resembles , and predates , James M Cain 's Double Indemnity , the film of which came out in 1944 .
You can theorise that the novelists , generally writing before the second world war broke out , sensed the slide to conflict well before the considerably more conservative film industry .
Or maybe they were just smarter .
Whatever the reason , A Gun for Sale made a great noir source , even if the resulting film does a fairly radical job on Greene 's original .
Unsmiling hitman Alan Ladd is a long way from the novel 's hare - lipped and twitchy Raven , while nightclub canary Veronica Lake vamps at levels unknown to Greene 's danseuse Anne .
And the yards of ultra hardboiled dialogue , courtesy of The Naked City 's Albert Maltz and The Asphalt Jungle 's WR Burnett , turn it into down - and - dirty American pulp .
Early though This Gun for Hire is in the noir canon , it 's still later than The Maltese Falcon , Suspicion and even Stranger on the Third Floor — the 1940 Peter Lorre vehicle normally considered the first of the classic American noir phase .
But Greene has a much earlier claim to noir fame ; he wrote an original script for a British crime thriller called The Green Cockatoo , which was released in 1937 .
The Green Cockatoo is one of those oft - mentioned , hardly - ever screened films , and the only way you can get to see it at the moment is to request it from the National Film Archive - which is exactly what I did .
So is The Green Cockatoo actually any good - and equally importantly , is it a genuine film noir ?
The answers are : sort of , and maybe .
Roughly contemporaneous to A Gun for Sale , Cockatoo has a similar commitment to the boiled - down essentials of the crime genre .
A girl witnesses a murder , becomes a suspect herself , falls in with a Soho tough - nut ( John Mills , doing the worst American accent this side of Vivien Leigh ) , and eventually realises he 's the murdered man 's brother .
Being a film , and a pretty fast - and - cheap one at that , much of the layered detail that Greene inserts into his prose is lost , so in many ways Cockatoo comes across as a pretty rudimentary entertainment .
On the other hand , some unmistakable Greene touches shine out — the girl , for example , is described as wearing a " cheap white mackintosh " , a fantastically redolent phrase that instantly puts you in that fabled Greene - land .
Alongside that , he hints at some interesting themes — the divided self , the moral crusader , the labyrinth of the city — that would become noir staples .
That said , it 's all topped off with a cheesy kiss in a railway compartment that belongs in a sappy romance .
So it 's perhaps understandable that The Green Cockatoo is n't numbered in the front ranks of noir , but Greene deserves points for trying .
There 's a direct line to later spivs - in - Soho films like Night and the City and The Small World of Sammy Lee , and therefore it 's well worth cherishing .
Click to view
One of the huge hunks of coolness that everybody is anticipating when The Day the Earth Stood Still lands in theaters this Friday is eco-conscious alien Klaatu 's sidekick , the deadly bot Gort .
In the original 1950s flick , Gort was a smooth , silver menace with a cylon - style eye glowing out of his wrap - around visor .
In the remake he's also giant , and one of his updated powers reflects today 's cutting - edge research in robotics .
( Mild spoilers ahead . )
Advertisement
One of the ways that Gort fights when he goes into offensive mode is that his entire huge body breaks down into a swarm of self - replicating microbots that look like metal insects .
These microbots are tiny , but visible to the naked eye , and they fly in a giant formation , breaking down all organic substances in their path ( buildings , trucks , humans ) .
Basically they seem like a flying gray goo , or a nanotech disaster that eats everything .
But they are n't .
They are actually more like swarming microbots , a technology that 's being developed in several labs across the world right now .
Advertisement
Most microbots look something like this one , a model used in the i-Swarm project where many tiny robots move in tandem and communicate with each other .
Bots like this are the size of an insect , and are intended to behave like them too .
They contain a microchip and can walk or fly , communicate via radio with each other or a home base , and may contain sensors that measure everything from the visual field to movement and sound .
Right now , these kinds of swarming bots could be used as surveillance devices - scatter them over a wide area of enemy territory , and they can sense the movements of tanks or troops .
Or they could be used in a disaster area to climb inside hard - to - reach areas to find out if there are any survivors .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Other types of swarming microbots , such as the magnetic swarming bots being developed at Carnegie Mellon , could easily become the tiny components of a giant robot like Gort .
These bots , which you can see in the video from New Scientist below , can bond together to form any shape using magnets along their edges that they can turn on and off at will .
So sometimes thousands of them might bond together into a giant robot shape .
Then they could turn off their magnets and break into a million tiny pieces that eat through hardened military bases the way Gort does .
Or that fly through Central Park in a massive , self - replicating swarm .
Gort is also based on the theoretical idea of a bot swarm that produces what 's called a " utility fog , " proposed by molecular manufacturing researcher J Storrs Hall and others .
Basically a utility fog is a highly - advanced version of the magnetic swarming bots .
But instead of magnets , they are covered in tiny robotic arms that can link many individual bots ( called foglets ) together in a lattice structure .
The bots are small enough that when they link together they would create what appears to be a smooth surface - just like Gort 's smooth , silvery body .
Advertisement
When they break apart , they form a " fog , " just like the flowing , oozing shape that Gort takes when he breaks down into the microbots and they fly back to New York City .
Explains Hall :
Imagine a microscopic robot .
It has a body about the size of a human cell and 12 arms sticking out in all directions .
A bucketful of such robots might form a ' robot crystal ' by linking their arms up into a lattice structure .
Now take a room , with people , furniture , and other objects in it — it 's still mostly empty air .
Fill the air completely full of robots .
The robots are called Foglets and the substance they form is Utility Fog , which may have many useful medical applications .
And when a number of utility foglets hold hands with their neighbors , they form a reconfigurable array of ' smart matter . '
Advertisement
Right now , the utility fog is just theoretical , but the i-Swarm bots and the magntic microbots are being perfected in the lab .
The ultimate goal is to create something like Gort , capable of taking many forms to get a job done .
Hopefully , though , our swarm bots will never have the job of scouring humans from the Earth .
SOURCES :
Shape - Shifting Robot Forms from Magnetic Swarms [ via New Scientist ]
Utility Fog [ via Nanotech Now ]
i -swarm [ via i- swarm ]
You may have noticed that the AP is reporting that Barack Obama ’s aunt ( who he does not seem to have a relationship with ) was denied asylum in the US four years ago and is now living illegally in Boston .
Convenient timing , ai n’t it ?
The real story , though , is down in the third paragraph of the AP story …
Information about the deportation case was disclosed and confirmed by two separate sources , one of them a federal law enforcement official .
The information they made available is known to officials in the federal government , but the AP could not establish whether anyone at a political level in the Bush administration or in the McCain campaign had been involved in its release .
That ’s about as transparent a red flag as an outfit like the AP is usually willing to give .
And there you have it .
Quite likely working in concert with the McCain campaign , a Bush administration official is leaking details on an immigration case to try to help McCain three days before the election .
It ’s shades of Bush I ’s riffling through Bill Clinton ’s passport files just before the 1992 election in a desperate last minute gambit as they were swirling down the drain .
Late Update : Note too that the story first got leaked to the Times of London , a Murdoch paper with a history of taking planted stories from Republicans for siphoning back into the US media .
LAS VEGAS ( Reuters ) Motorola
Inc unveiled a cell phone made of recycled water bottles on Tuesday , hoping to cash in on the trend for environmentally friendly products .
The company , which dropped to No. 4 in the global handset market in the most recently reported quarter due to a weak product line - up , said the W233 Renew eco-friendly phone would be sold by Deutsche Telekom ’s T - Mobile USA in the current quarter .
It did not disclose pricing for the phone , which will be showcased at this week ’s Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas .
Motorola said it was the world ’s first carbon neutral phone .
As well as using recycled materials for the plastic casing , the company also pledged to offset the carbon dioxide used in manufacturing , distribution and operation of the phone through investments in renewable energy sources and reforestation .
Motorola , which has lost market share by being slow to follow trends such as touchscreens and high - speed data links , also plans to showcase three different items at CES : a relatively large touchscreen tablet phone , a rugged phone , and a rechargeable cable TV remote control with a find feature .
The Motosurf A3100 touch - control tablet supports short - range , Wi-Fi networks and high - speed cellular connections and can be operated using a stylus , a trackball or touching the screen with fingers .
The device allows for video conferencing and updating of social network sites , and is to be available in Asia and Latin America during the first quarter , Motorola said .
It did not say which carriers had agreed to sell the tablet .
Motorola said its rugged Tundra VA76r phone , which includes a walkie - talkie style feature , would go on sale on January 13 at AT&T Inc , the biggest U.S. mobile provider .
The company ’s home electronics division will also introduce a rechargeable television set - top - box remote control .
The remote is wirelessly linked to a base station , on which a user can press a switch to trigger an audio - tone and a flashing light that would help locate the device if it goes missing .
Kitties 2019 !
Binaural Bathroom Break Box Inspectors Baked Broccoli Really REALLY Short ReSurfacing New Years Party !
Eyes Have It Cat Wall Cataracts Saved by Shots Kitties 2016 Aftermath Kitties this weekend !
Us Versus Us One Week Until Kitties 2016 One Week Until Kitties 2016 Hermit Mental Health Day Two Weeks !
Shared Pillow Fort Firewatch Egg Drop Souuuuuzzzz ....
Mmm Mystic Messenger Kitties is Coming !
Delay Smarts Gochi Show !
Poor Mans Lobster Fountain of Love Emoji Emo
What kind of name is Hermine ?
Lifeline Pokemon NoGo Laphroaig !
No Mans Sky The Return ! Papyrus Leaves a Bad Taste Catastrophe We Return ! Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title Needs Title
On with the show ... Coming Up for Air We Have Conversations Like This Analog Comic - Books Rumors of My Demise ...
Listen , Page Twenty - Four Listen , Page Twenty - Three Listen , Page Twenty - Two Listen , Page Twenty - One Listen , Page Twenty Listen , Page Nineteen Listen , Page Eighteen Listen , Page Seventeen Listen , Page Sixteen Listen , Page Fifteen Listen , Page Fourteen Listen , Page Thirteen Listen , Page Twelve Listen , Page Eleven Listen , Page Ten Listen , Page Nine Listen , Page Eight Listen , Page Seven Listen , Page Six Listen , Page Five Listen , Page Four Listen , Page Three Listen , Page Two Listen , Page One Eye Opener Work Hazards Another Doctor Visit Chicken Tonight Mugsy 's Nemesis ( Guest Comic by Ursula Husted ) Death From Above Joy Update Delay Everything is a Cat Toy Analog Strip - Gen Plays World of Tanks FBA Guest Strip Steak Dinners Worth Waking Up Ribs !
Too Much of a Comfy Thing Best Left Unsaid Sound Check Crazybeans ( April Fools Guest Comic by Rae Bruner ) Go Fetch Lightning Strikes Snap !
Splash ( Guest Strip by Fox Miller ) Salt Lick How to Prep For a Marathon Gen Hates Cellphones Deliberate Right the First Time Monologuing Roast Recipe Cat Fail Desperate Measures Musical Dicipline Hard to Read Sneak Attack Allergic Interruption Engineer Essentials Prime Time RL vs. VR Placeholder Getting Mugged Teasing Murphy Comparing Sizes Resolutions Possession Giving Joy Stamping Out Clingy Midnight Thoughts Spirit of Giving A Harsh Lesson Kitten Picking Getting Back on Track Dash Picking Up Habits Blocking Bile Giggity We 're Not Used to Affectionate Cats Where 's My Flying Car ? Marathon Aftermath Gaming Stream for Kitties !
Gen Deals With Trolls , Part 2 Gaming for Kitties !
Programmers Salad Sense Fuzzy Electric Death An Important Lesson Basket Weaving Tolerance Battle of Nola KITTIES A New Chapter WE LIKE CANDY Interlude Farewell , My Kitten ... Illness Has Its Advantages Bully Brain I Am Loved !
Do 's and Don'ts , Part One Cat Fud Feep Update Dangerous Creatures AAAAUGH !
Trolling For Advice Eaten by Bears Seventeen ( eighty - five ) Year Old Cat Ghosts !
TomixComix Guest Strip Here Comes The Rat Gen Can't Draw Guns Constructive Use Illogical Tea The Eyes !
The Eyes ! Alan Wake Filler Want Some Popcorn ?
Things Gen Says While Gaming Nailgun !
Upgrades Abuse of Chocolate Stages of Computer Hardware Installation Move Your Seat Coconut How Bounty Hunters Solve Disputes The Mousie Fifteen Years Together Always Follow The Directions And That 's When I Shot Him Substitutes Weekend Filler Matters of Taste A Little Time ( April Fools by Rae Bruner ! ) Rule of Thumb Injury Report FWA Filler ( Thank you Kittybird ! )
Tripping FWA 2012 preps !
Taking It Seriously Fun With Chemistry Hate Trifecta Steakhouse Bacon ( With special guest DustyRancourt ) Affectionate Dangers Home is Where ... Love The One You 're With Crowbar Chronicles Hard Headded Out of Touch Don't Make Eye Contact Wedge Salad Looking For Love In All The Wrong Places Gen is Bad at Booze Analog Again Bacon Blasphemy Take The Ball and Go Home Dungeon Crawl Experiment Dungeon Crawl MArathon She Will Murder Me Later Patience Is A Pain Why Ask Why ?
Holiday Humility He 's 25 % Cooler Now !
( Skyrim joke ) Tiny Helpers For Your Entertainment Cold ( turkey ) Comfort Thanksgiving 2011 Silence is Golden Heavy Hammer Comfy Shoes Non Disclosure Delayed Subliminal Influences Evil Mastermind Rinoa Up and Running !
The Comic is Out ! Never Marry an Engineer ( Analog Comic ) Anticipation ( Analog Comic ) Window Into Nature ( Analog Comic ) Gen Hates Technology What You Can't Have Preview , P5 What You Can't Have Preview , P4 What You Can't Have Preview , P3 What You Can't Have Preview , P2 What You Can't Have Preview , P1 NUUU !
Preps For the Big Day Clumsy Analog Comic 4 ( And hopefully final ) Guest Strip by Witchiebunny Analog Comic 3 Analog Comic 2 Analog Comic
It Can Happen to Anyone Better Than a Bluescreen So I Married an Engineer The Joy is the Journey Standeth Not Between Woman and Chocolate Traditions and Respite The Good Stuff We Make Our Bad Days Megaplex is Go! You Can Quit Anytime Yes , They Still Make It Hardware Hardships Eyes Up Here Another Q&A Rat Ownership Bug Bomb Blue Screen of Information Nostalgia Keeps Him Awake Gen Fails at Jumping The Hunter Circles Special Snowflakes Artistic Vices Learning Curve Hardware Upgrade The Many Faces of Feep Drawing Itself Saving Up Losing the Cook No Bad Day ... Nutritional Value The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 145 Hormel 's Law Can't Fight The Urge No Love for Lovebugs Two Greatest Enemies ( Gift Art from Tempestryder ) The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 144 I Can Haz ?
( Not ) Thinking With Portals The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 143 I Love You Fourteen Years April Updates Absence Makes the Cat Grow Fonder The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 142 Movie Heathen Not a Team Player Guilty until Proven Innocent What Day is Today ?
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 141 No Pirates Returning Home FWA Away !
Theological Questions Filler Ahoy !
Important Things to Do Gen's Con Tips # 2 The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 140 Nonverbal Communication Gen's Con Tips # 1 The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 139 Intimidating Oven Year Three Finished Convention Season Update Party Animals Feeping Creeps The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 137 Sleep Strangeness Second Down The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 136 Tannis Racket Growing Gracefully The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 135 Crackling Completion Asking For It The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 134 Better Left Unsaid Listen to the Lyrics The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 133 Short Temper Update Pending Holiday Haul Christmas 2010 Status Update Saint Nicholas
It 's Not Easy Being Blue Feep 's Nemesis Living in the Digital Age The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 132 All Growed Up Proper Maintenance The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 131 Energizer Ratty Hunting Tactics The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 130 Dexter Peterson Preview Lead a Horse to Water The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 129 Cat Cult Continued Cat Cult The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 128 The Most Wonderful Time Weakness of Tooth Blessing in Disguise Evil Incarnate The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 127 Sunshine Sting Drawing a Crowd The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 126 Happiest Place in Sweden Proof of Identity The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 125 Living On The Edge Natural Defenses The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 124 News Update We All Have Addictions Feep 's New Bed Anole Paranoia Kitty Crack Digital Cooties Cooking With Fire Alarm Cat A Word From the Management Flutter in the Ribs Hidden Distractions Old Couple I Don't Got ( Circadian ) Rhythm Only Fair Growing and Changing The Greatest Gift Laying Low The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 123 Silent But Deadly Vet Visit The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 122 Do n't Feed the Llama I'm Lucky Still recovering from the con Mad Rush !
Thursday will return Soon !
It 's Hypnotic Horrible Lies That Magic Trick U No Pets Fud The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 121 Happy Independence Cornish Game Hen Recipe Separation Anxiety Feline Persuasion
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 120 Too Little Too Luddite That Hard Drive in the Sky The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 119 By Reason of Insanity Strange Company The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 118 Does n't Miss What 's Missing Creative Differences The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 117 Profane Thoughts
When the Wolf's Away The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 116 Never Normal Shape Theory The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 115 Nauseatingly Nauseous Argh The Man Who Was Thursday , Sketch Break 1 The Patient One Wrong Soundtrack The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 114 How Does Your Garden Grow ?
Digital Nostalgia The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 113 Thirteen Years ( Crappily Colored in MangaStudio ) Mail Bag Time The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 112 Less Crazy ACHOO Syndrome The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 111 Cluttering Cleaning True Love , Chocoholic Style The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 110 Greener Grass FWA Shoutouts The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 109 Half Full , Half Empty , Half Crazy FWA 2010 The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 108 Curare Pasta Forced Break The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 107 Manic Muse WE STARVE The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 106 Culling Weaknesses Not Taking This Pity Trip The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 105 Sneezing Into The Abyss Someone Hit The Sugar Again The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 104 The Other Side of the Fling Fantasy Flings The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 103 Saying the Right Thing Artist Bane The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 102 Pen Problems Year Two Cover Preview The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 101 Conspiracy Theories 300 Comics !
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 100 Why Gen Can't Enjoy Her Sandwich Bad Reaction The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 99 Gen 's Cajun Pasta Recipe Useful Tools The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 98 Confusing Calling Misuse of Chalk The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 97 Stuffed Up and Stuck Up Happy New Year , 2010 The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 96 The Partridge Is In Hiding Merry Christmas 2009 The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 95 Holiday Holdout Digital Dollars The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 94 Lost in the Fireworks Take A Little Breath The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 93 Nice Things in Horrible Packages Little Forces of Destruction The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 92 Miles To Go Before We Eat We Are Thankful For ...
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 91 Weight Dispersion Fear of a Crock Pot The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 90 The Screwtape Letters The Threads of Insanity The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 89 Better Than Sugar Badge Bounty The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 88 Further Artistic Insanity How Not To Pet the Cat The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 87 Halloween Liberation Hair Sculpture The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 86 Aloe Owns You Bruise Fairy The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 85 Dangerous Chemicals Pocket Pet Peculiarities The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 84 Strange Attractions ( And Happy Birthday Liesl ! ) Artistic Eccentricities The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 83 24 - Hour Comic Finished !
The Dinosaur is a Lie The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 82 Exotic Tastes He 's My Liontamer The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 81 You Dirty Rat !
Desperate Dreaming The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 80 Feep Wake Up Service Ironic That He Is n't The Straight Man In This One The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 79 Working and Watching Don't go There ...
Oops !
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 78 Bottled Humor Making Dinner The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 77 The Master Versus The Evil Day Off The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 76 Not So Itsy Bitsy More Fixing The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 75 Line of Sight Issues The Perils of Vanity The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 74 Post PawPet Flop Smells like Breakfast !
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 73 Cat Bowling Missing The Point The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 72 Sleeping in Style Side Effects The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 71 Flower Beds and Cat Beds It Starts With A Keychain The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 70 It Goes Both Ways Childish Things The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 69 Engineer Mindset Shedding Issues The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 68 I pinch !
( And Am Affected By Viral Videos ! ) Potato Psychopath The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 67 Year One Collection Preview Anime Watching The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 66 Bringing Down Dinner Twitters Will Get The Joke ...
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 65 Cozy Disturbances Opinions Are Like ...
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 64 Lizard Physics Pet Names
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 63 Birthday Blunder Marriage Milestones The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 62 Complicated Relationship When Opportunity Knocks ...
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 61 Literary Sedation Spousal Sick Day The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 60 Predator Heart The Knight and the Apprentice The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 59 Great Responsibility Maundy Meanderings The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 58 Incredible Inedible Egg Bacon Wakin The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 57 The Internet Is For ... Cole Slaw Kitty The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 56 Skillet Steak Recipe Japanese Games The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 55 Silent Protest The Pirate 's Chest The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 54 Entertainment Addiction Taming Tidbit The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 53 One Year Old !
Miracle Mercenary The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 52 Lenten Celebrations Drawing Distractions
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 51 A Trip to the Faire Valentines 2009 The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 50 Fears and Phobias Before you die ...
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 49 Dibs Agressive Non-agression The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 48 Intuition Slim and Pretty The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 47 About That Cat The Least of the Most The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 46 About That Wolf Epiphany Chalk The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 45 Supertaster Discovery A Quiet Start The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 44 The Customer is Always Right , Right ?
All Grown Up ? The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 43 Merry Christmas , 2008 Gen's Christmas Mix Recipe The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 42 Try and Try Again Tormenting the Tormented The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 41 Strange Inspirations The Sleeping Evil The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 40 Conflicting Accomplishments Turkey Anxiety The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 39 Where There 's Smoke , There 's Blunt Force Man Torture The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 38 Digital Distractions Communication Technicalities The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 37 A Different Kind of Intelligence Test It 's Not Over Until It 's Over , and Its Never Over The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 36 Halloween Is Still Fun for Adults No Effort , No Candy The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 35 A Shock At The Door If It 's Free , It 's Tasty The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 34 100 comics !
( Color Image ) The Power of Bacon The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 33 The Mighty Hunter and the Sleeping ... Something Teaching the Wrong Lesson The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 32 Making Sacrifices Opposing Factions The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 31 Cat Television ( Coloring Sponsored by David Ellis ) The Power of Ice Cream The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 30 Monday Sensitivity It Passes The Time The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 29 Share and Share Alike It 's a Technical Issue The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 28 The Five Stages of Coping With Election Drama Pillow Hoarder The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 27 Farewell , little ones Might be in the wrong business The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 26 C is for Calorie
It 's not just about growing old The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 25 Season 's Change The Wedge ( Coloring sponsored by SkippyFox ) The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 24 The Many Uses For a Short Wife Overgenerous The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 23 How I Got My Name A Little Absent Minded The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 22 If the Shoe Fits It 's not the heat ...
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 21 Unfortunately , it Only Works on the Teenage Girl Demographic Quid Pro Quo The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 20 Slurpee Three Simple Questions The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 19 Must ... Not ... Kill ... Neighbors ... Bad Reaction
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 18 Happy Homecoming Cooking with Gen : Strawberry Cake The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 17 Clinging to Optimism Meow Meow Meow The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 16 Strictly Business
My cat has ... issues .
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 15 Reverse Movie Barometer Womanly Needs The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 14 Grump Elemental The Life of a Princess The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 13 Special Circumstances ( Coloring sponsored by Gabrielle ! )
No , Really !
The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 12 Embarrassing redeeming Qualities Obligatory Portal Joke The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 11 Mother 's Day Proper Manners The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 10 Blessing of the Beast It Works Every Time The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 9 The Thing With The Can Eleven Years The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 8 The Little Bully Streamlining The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 7 Punished for Trying False Friends The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 6 If it's on the Internet ... Forbidden Fruit The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 5 Differences in Taste The Pill Obsession The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 4 Time Management Gen 's Visit to PotC Online The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 3 Hot Stuff Titanium Rings The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 2 ALL ALONE !
Pod Coffee The Man Who Was Thursday , Page 1 My Cat is EVIL
DIXVILLE NOTCH , New Hampshire ( CNN ) --
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama emerged victorious in the first election returns of the 2008 presidential race , winning 15 of 21 votes cast in Dixville Notch , New Hampshire .
People in the isolated village in New Hampshire 's northeast corner voted just after midnight Tuesday .
It was the first time since 1968 that the village leaned Democratic in an election .
Obama 's rival , Republican John McCain , won 6 votes .
A full 100 percent of registered voters in the village cast ballots .
And the votes did n't take long to tally .
The town , home to around 75 residents , has opened its polls shortly after midnight each election day since 1960 , drawing national media attention for being the first place in the country to make its presidential preferences known .
However , since 1996 , another small New Hampshire town -- Hart 's Location -- reinstated its practice from the 1940s and also began opening its polls at midnight .
The result in Dixville Notch is hardly a reliable bellwether for the eventual winner of the White House or even the result statewide .
Though New Hampshire is a perennial swing state , Dixville Notch -- until now -- had consistently leaned Republican .
The last Democrat it picked was Hubert Humphrey over Richard Nixon in 1968 .
President Bush won the town in a landslide in the last two elections :
He captured 73 percent of the vote in 2004 ( 19 residents picked Bush while six preferred Sen. John Kerry ) , and secured 80 percent of the vote in 2000 ( 21 votes for Bush , five votes for Al Gore . )
But villagers expected the results to be close this year given Democrats now outnumber Republicans there .
The town picked both John McCain and Barack Obama for the New Hampshire Democratic and Republican primaries in January .
McCain ultimately won the state of New Hampshire , while Sen. Hillary Clinton upset Obama there .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama • New Hampshire
A 92 - year - old great - grandmother from Queens accidentally discarded a winning $ 1 million scratch - off lottery ticket – but a scrupulous supermarket clerk saved the day .
At a state lottery press conference in Flushing Meadows yesterday , Mary Alice Fallon , a regular customer at Deirdre Maeve ’s supermarket in Breezy Point , recounted how she bought three tickets on Nov. 24 .
The Far Rockaway woman scratched them , thought they were losers and asked the clerk to toss them .
But the employee , Chris Connelly , 24 , decided to double - check the tickets , so he scanned their bar codes on the store ’s lottery computer terminal .
And one , a “ $ 1,000,000 Mania ” ticket , “ popped up a winner , ” he said yesterday .
He had no idea it was a million - dollar winner , but he did have a clue it was n’t chump change .
The machine ’s instructions were for the winner to claim the prize at lottery headquarters , an indication the ticket was worth more than $ 600 , the threshold for income - tax reporting .
“ I told her , ‘ Wait , I think you have a big winner here . ’
I first thought maybe it was $ 1,000 , ” he said .
He scratched off squares on the ticket that she had missed , “ and there it was , a million dollars .
She was in disbelief , I was in disbelief , ” he said .
“ She kept asking , ‘ Are you sure , are you sure ? ’ ”
Fallon said she knew something was up when Connelly ’s face turned pale , then “ I was almost numb ” when she learned of her prize .
“ If it was n’t for Chris and his honesty , I could have thrown away $ 1 million without knowing it .
I guess someone was watching out for me , ” she said .
Connelly said he was n’t tempted to pocket the cash .
“ I know this woman well , ” he said .
“ She comes in every day .
It would have been bad karma if I kept it . ”
Fallon is divvying up her newfound riches – to be distributed annually over two decades , according to lottery rules – with her seven children .
After taxes , each one , or their designated heirs , will net about $ 32,000 a year , or $ 4,000 apiece , for the next 20 years .
“ What a way to end your life , ” she said .
Connelly has been working at his parents ’ grocery since graduating from Siena College two years ago .
Each of her children gave the honest , hardworking young man a $ 100 gift to thank him for helping their elderly mom find her fortune .
An appreciative Fallon “ hooked me up ” with the family ’s generosity , said Connelly .
The state lottery also announced five other $ 1 million scratch - off winners , including Queens resident Lucille Kimble , 89 , who is donating a portion of her winnings to a scholarship fund .
jennifer.fermino@nypost.com
CHICAGO  President - elect Barack Obama put the rancor and even some of the rhetoric of the presidential campaign behind him on Monday as he welcomed his chief Democratic adversary into his cabinet and signaled flexibility in his plans to withdraw troops from Iraq .
Introducing a national security team anchored by Hillary Rodham Clinton as secretary of state , Mr. Obama said a new strategic agreement with Baghdad put the United States “ on a glide path to reduce our forces in Iraq . ”
But while he reaffirmed his desire to pull out combat brigades within 16 months , Mr. Obama emphasized his willingness to consider options put forth by the military .
“ I believe that 16 months is the right timeframe , ” Mr. Obama said at a news conference , with Mrs. Clinton and Robert M. Gates , whom he is keeping on as defense secretary , as well as other appointees .
“ But as I have said consistently , I will listen to the recommendations of my commanders .
And my No. 1 priority is making sure that our troops remain safe in this transition phase and that the Iraqi people are well served by a government that is taking on increased responsibility for its own security . ”
Mr. Obama has long qualified his withdrawal pledge , but in the campaign the emphasis was on his intent to end the war .
Now that he is taking office in 50 days , he is calibrating his statements to leave room to maneuver , knowing that some senior military officers are wary of moving too quickly and that the defense secretary he just reappointed has cautioned about timetables .
Neil Gane , director of operations at the Australian Federation Against Copyright Theft ( AFACT ) , said the night vision scopes would be deployed at the majority of the 304 Australian cinemas screening the movie .
He said the film industry had become concerned over the past few months as " a number of big name movies that were the first to appear on the internet have been forensically matched to cinemas in Australia " .
He would not name the movies , citing ongoing investigations , but said that , for a number of years , movie studios had been adding " unique forensic markers " to film prints distributed to theatres , allowing them to trace any leaks back to a specific location .
For Australia 's release , financial rewards of $ 200 will be provided to cinema staff for catching pirates , who will be ushered out of the cinema or referred to police , depending on the seriousness of their offence .
But Gane said the industry was not only looking for the commercial pirates who sell their illegal camcorder recordings on DVD .
Even those filming short clips as a keepsake on their mobile phones would be targeted .
" The anti-camcorder strategy is to prevent any person from making an illegal copy of a movie from within a cinema .
This would include people making keepsakes or trophy copies on their cell phone or any other recording device , " he said .
" It would be up to police to decide whether there would be enough evidence to charge the individual . "
Under the Copyright Act , the maximum penalty for those found with a device for making an infringing copy is $ 13,200 .
In November last year , Sydneysider Jose Duarte , 23 , was fined $ 1000 for filming The Simpsons Movie on his mobile phone and uploading the footage to the internet .
AFACT said it was the first illegal copy of the movie to be intercepted anywhere in the world .
This month , seven of the world 's biggest film studios , joined by the Seven Network , launched an unprecedented crackdown on film and TV piracy by suing Australia 's third largest ISP , iiNet , for failing to prevent its users from downloading illegal content .
While Gane acknowledged that most of the illegal movie recordings came out of countries with lax copyright laws , such as the Philippines , he said he expected more cinemas to adopt night vision devices as Australia was increasingly showing movies before the US and Britain .
Australia opens around the world today but due to the time difference Australians will be among the first in the world to see the film , leading to an increased risk of illegal filming as pirates race to be the first to release the film online .
Night vision devices have been used in America for the past two years and in the Asia - Pacific they have been deployed in Singapore , Hong Kong , the Philippines , Thailand and now in Australia , Gane said .
" Traditionally , yes , we have n't had much of a camcorder problem in Australia .
However , with day and date releases of our member company major release titles , they 're often released in Australia before they 're released in the UK and America , " he said .
" Over 95 per cent of pirated movies that first hit the internet or are sold on DVDs originate from illegal recordings in cinemas . "
Anytime an officer is suspicious someone is carrying drugs or other illegal contraband , the person can be searched for " weapons . "
The officer has nothing to lose , now that the Supreme Court has spoken :
If the search produces no weapons , there 's no legal foul ball .
But if it produces drugs , the cop is rewarded with a felony bust .
You can read the Supreme Court 's reasoning in its opinion here .
When President George W. Bush wanted to get around the Constitution in order to raise and support his own private army to provide protection for Coalition Provisional Authority chief L. Paul Bremer , Blackwater was there .
When the president also wanted his own private army to operate on American soil , one of many disastrous moves by his administration during Hurricane Katrina , Blackwater was there .
When seventeen Iraqi civilians were gunned down by foreigners in Nisoor Square , Blackwater was there .
And now that pirates are ramping up their operations off the coast of Somalia , it looks like Blackwater will be there , too .
According to Blackwater Worldwide CEO and Founder , Erik Prince ,
there have been 66 shipping and insurance companies who have contacted Blackwater about providing security for their shipping fleets that must operate in dangerous , lawless waters .
And Blackwater is considering answering the call .
The question in my mind is “ To whom will they answer for their crimes ? ”
Blackwater has managed to avoid prosecution for many of its employees ’ abuses .
It helped that our own State Dept helped cover up several incidents .
And , because of the immunity protection granted by the State Dept ( can they even do that ? ) , the Justice Dept may not be able to prosecute anyone for the massacre in Nisoor Square .
So far , contractors working in Iraq have enjoyed immunity from prosecution for breaking Iraqi law , but that may change in the new “ security ” agreement .
But who will prosecute Blackwater employees when they accidentally sink a ship off the coast of Somalia that turns out not to be pirates , or anyone else doing something illegal ?
Given the company ’s track record , I say it ’s just a matter of time .
: : : : : : : : : :
Opinion
Drug warriors against the war
Last week saw the 75th anniversary of the repeal of Prohibition .
In Washington , Law Enforcement Against Prohibition ( LEAP ) - a group of former cops and drug - war veterans who have soured on America 's war on drugs - gathered to celebrate the anniversary , and to argue for an end to America 's current prohibition on marijuana and more serious drugs .
Essentially , they believe that the war on drugs creates criminals .
Richard Van Wickler , a onetime New Hampshire county corrections superintendent , noted during a LEAP conference call last week that despite America 's drug laws , 114 million Americans ( out of more than 300 million ) have used illegal drugs , 35 million of them in the last year .
The law is not much of a deterrent .
World Health Organization researchers found that 42.4 percent of Americans had tried marijuana - the highest ratio of any of 17 countries surveyed .
New Zealand , which has tough drug policies , scored a close second place at 41.9 percent .
Dutch residents can buy cannabis at coffee shops , yet less than 20 percent of Dutch respondents said they had tried cannabis .
Researchers concluded , " Drug use does not appear to be related to drug policy , as countries with more stringent policies ( e.g. , the United States ) did not have lower levels of illegal drug use than countries with more liberal policies ( e.g. the Netherlands ) . "
Meanwhile , drug prohibition does work , Van Wickler added , as " a wonderful opportunity for organized crime . "
LEAP also released a paper by Harvard economist Jeffrey Miron , who figured that legalizing drugs could save federal , state and local governments in the United States about $ 44 billion per year , while taxing drugs could yield $ 32.7 billion annually .
OK , but money is the least persuasive element in LEAP 's approach .
After all , the federal government could sell citizenship , set up a taxable market for selling organs or legalize prostitution to save and raise money - while turning Main Street into a hellhole .
But removing the criminal profit motive from the drug trade arguably could make America a safer , better country - if Washington and state governments went further than decriminalizing drugs , by legalizing and regulating them , and putting drug rings out of business .
Some pro-legalization advocates argue that legalizing drugs will decrease use .
I do n't buy that .
More likely legalizing drugs will increase usage , and that means that some teens will get sucked into a self - destructive vortex .
Only a stoned person would see that as good .
But it is not as if the system is without cost - and not just the $ 44 billion governments spend .
The black market fuels criminal gangs and crowns dangerous drug kingpins .
Eric Sterling , who founded the Criminal Justice Policy Foundation in part to atone for his role in helping Congress draft draconian federal drug laws in the 1980s , noted that the goal of those federal drug enforcers was " to raise the price of drugs and drive down the purity . "
The problem with that approach is that " higher prices mean that more people will enter the business . "
Meanwhile , marijuana today is far more potent than it was when Sterling worked for the House on drug policy .
The other downside of the system :
When authorities arrest and jail low - level offenders , they are branding lowlifes with permanent criminal records .
I asked LEAP leaders if , instead of pushing for an end to the prohibition of all illegal drugs , it would make more sense to push for incremental changes - say , legalizing marijuana , then waiting to see if the sky falls .
Or does n't .
Sterling agreed that a more incremental approach seems reasonable and more likely politically : " In my own vision , it 's harder to conceive of a regulatory system for cocaine and methamphetamine than it is for the others . "
But if people think President - elect Barack Obama will try to end the war on drugs tout de suite , guess again .
Sterling does not expect Obama to make " the political mistake Bill Clinton made with gays in the military " by pushing for change before the public demands change .
Only when business groups , labor unions and others denounce the drug war as costly and feckless , and demand an end to laws that empower drug cartels , will Washington pols even consider withdrawing in the war on drugs .
It is only when " those very powerful political actors speak up on this issue , then we 'll see the change .
And it 's going to be bipartisan change . "
Because there is no way to know for sure what will happen if Washington turns on the war on drugs , a go - slow approach makes sense .
That said , I do n't know many Americans who think that prohibition of alcohol worked - except for organized crime .
A newly released interview of Sarah Palin by KTUU and the Anchorage Daily News has left me speechless .
I had to listen to it twice before I could really believe it .
It ’s a little over nine minutes , but it ’s so filled with red meat , it ’s going to keep me busy all day .
Here ’s the first installment :
Remember “ per diem gate ” ?
It was one of Sarah ’s many “ gates ” that came to light shortly after her nomination , and was revealed at the same time as “ travel gate , ” both of which were discovered by the Washington Post back in early September .
It was a little embarrassing that we needed the Washington Post to discover our governor ’s dirty little financial secrets , but it was better to know than not know .
This one may not have incensed the average voter in the rest of the country , but up here , the implications were huge .
Alaskans are not pleased by fiscal shenanigans .
We are a frugal people and wasteful spending is not going to win you fans .
Fiscal conservatism is the mantra that gets people into office .
Remember former Governor Murkowski and his spendy private jet ?
Part of Palin ’s fiscal conservative label came from selling that jet , which had become a symbol of outrageous spending that a sitting governor charged to the state .
Here ’s the background :
Washington Post – Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has billed taxpayers for 312 nights spent in her own home during her first 19 months in office , charging a “ per diem ” allowance intended to cover meals and incidental expenses while traveling on state business .
The governor also has charged the state for travel expenses to take her children on official out - of - town missions .
And her husband , Todd , has billed the state for expenses and a daily allowance for trips he makes on official business for his wife .
Palin , who earns $ 125,000 a year , claimed and received $ 16,951 as her allowance , which officials say was permitted because her official “ duty station ” is Juneau , according to an analysis of her travel documents by The Washington Post .
The governor ’s daughters and husband charged the state $ 43,490 to travel , and many of the trips were between their house in Wasilla and Juneau , the capital city 600 miles away , the documents show .
Now , this is a sore spot with many Alaskans .
Palin is not a fan of Juneau .
She ’s there as little as she can possibly manage .
State lawmakers even wore buttons saying “ Where ’s Sarah ? ” in protest .
Working in Juneau is part of the job .
It is , after all , our state ’s capitol , even though some wish it was n’t .
There have been a couple attempts to move the capitol from Juneau to Wasilla , or another location that is on the road system .
But for right now , travel to Juneau by plane is just part of the package and everyone knows that going in .
From the Juneau Empire :
“ Palin has spent little time in Juneau , rarely coming to the state capitol except when the Legislature was in session , and sometimes not even then .
During a recent special session called by Palin herself , she faced criticism from several legislators for not showing up personally to push for her agenda .
Someone at the Capitol even printed up buttons asking , ‘ Where ’s Sarah ? ’ ”
Many Alaskans figured that the fact that Palin was charging the state a per diem fee , while in the act of shunning our state capitol so she could stay home in Wasilla would be her undoing .
THEN when we found out about her children showing up at events when they were uninvited , unexptected , and on the state ’s dime , that was just too much .
Swanky hotel rooms for her daughters , expensive multiple one - way flights … you could almost feel the fiscal conservatives , and budget watchdogs bristling .
She was going to be in biiiiig trouble .
So , right up front in this interview came the question :
Q : One of the things that came up during the campaign is that you charged the state per diem for time spent here in Wasilla .
Is that something that you are going to continue to do ?
Palin :
Oh , we ’ve always followed the law and fully disclosed all that and the choice there in many months of the Juneau mansion being replumbed and um all the …all the improvements being made in the infrastructure in the Juneau house where we were n’t gonna be there anyway , knowing that in the end it would have cost the state more money to do what other governors had done and that is either charge the state for hotel rooms or the state renting an apartment like they did for Governor Murkowski .
We said no , we just wo n’t sell our house knowing that we ’re going to spend quite a bit of time here , especially those months when the remodels were taking place in the Governor ’s mansion , and we would disclose my per diem .
We would n’t try to hide it .
But as long as this is about full disclosure , not trying to take anything from the state , just trying to do my job and part of my job is with the first family , having them with me at some of these events .
I ’m going to continue to do my job , and my family is going to continue to be a part of it .
She ’d rather work from home , so she did .
She says
It would have cost the state more to have her working in Juneau where her actual job was located , but she did n’t feel like being in Juneau , so she decided to work from elsewhere , and charge the state for meals and incidental traveling expenses despite the fact she was eating in her own kitchen and sleeping in her own bed .
And she charged the state for travel expenses to stay home .
And somehow this is OK .
And the state of Alaska paying for Bristol ’s fancy New York hotel and over $ 20,000 in family travel ?
That ’s OK too .
It was as though Sarah was caught with her hand in the cookie jar when mom and dad walked into the kitchen and turned on the light .
“ What do you have to say for yourself , Sarah ? ” ask Mom & Dad .
“ Well , Mom and Dad , I ’m not doing anything wrong , and I ’m fully disclosing the fact that I ’m taking cookies , and I ’m going to continue to do that . ”
Huh ?
This is one of those moments as a parent when you have to think long and hard about how you react , because there ’s obviously a fundamental lack of understanding about who is in charge , and how this relationship works .
So ….. what do Mom and Dad ( the State Legislature ) do ?
If you listen to legislators , they ’re sounding awfully concilliatory lately , and it ’s making those who want to hold Palin accountable uneasy to say the least .
I ’ve heard Democratic legislators saying that we all need to work together for the good of the state , and they ’ve worked with Sarah in the past , and we all need to march ahead and let the healing begin , and so on .
I ’ve heard them squirm around about the makeup of the new Legislature , and that there are n’t as many Democrats as they would have liked .
I ’ve heard them cite the fact that Alaska voters have given Palin a 61 % approval rating as evidenced by how many voted for the McCain - Palin ticket .
In other words , the Alaska State Legislature sounds an awful lot like the U.S. House of Representatives under George W. Bush .
If only things were different , we could hold him accountable to the law … . sigh … .
I am assuming that all members of the Legislature will be watching this video , and I hope that each and every one of them realizes what it is .
It is a dare .
As a matter of fact , it ’s a double - dog - dare .
The Governor has just said that she is going to continue being unethical , and she ’s going to do it right .
in. your . face .
“ What are YOU going to do about it ? ” says the child with her hand in the cookie jar .
So , what are you going to do about it , Mom and Dad Legislature ?
You have two choices .
1 ) Well ….. OK , honey .
But you really should n’t have done that .
You can keep taking cookies but you just need to let Mommy and Daddy know first , OK ?
Kiss on forehead .
2 ) Listen young lady .
We do n’t need any of your backtalk .
Put that cookie down and go to your room because we need to have a serious conversation .
It ’s your choice Legislature .
Alaskans are tired of corruption .
And do n’t forget that Palin may still have a 60 % approval rating , but before her VP run , it was over 80 % .
The more we know , the less we like .
And Alaska voters do n’t get to vote on the law .
It ’s not a popularity contest to see who has to obey the law and who does n’t .
Dealing with law is YOUR job .
That ’s why we put you there .
I hope there are some strong statements forthcoming from our elected officials .
I do n’t think I voted to have representation that gets cowed by a kid who just got nailed swiping cookies .
( More to come on this interview . )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Sir Terry Wogan is stepping down as commentator on the Eurovision Song Contest after three decades .
Fellow Irishman Graham Norton will take over for the 2009 contest , which will be hosted in Moscow .
Veteran presenter Wogan , 70 , cast doubt on whether he would be involved in covering the event again following this year 's contest .
He said it was " no longer a music contest " and that prospects for western European participants were " poor " .
The show has suffered from accusations of bloc voting , which was blamed by some for leaving Britain 's 2008 contestant , Andy Abraham , with only 14 points .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Wogan said he would be " sad to leave it all behind " .
He said : " I 've had 35 wonderful years commentating on the Eurovision for radio and television .
" From my first , in a small musichall in Dublin , to my last , in the huge arena in Belgrade , it has been nothing but laughter and fun .
" The silly songs , the spectacle , the grandiose foolishness of it all .
" Let 's hope that between ( Norton ) and the musical brilliance of Lloyd Webber , Royaume Uni will gather its proper share of ' Douze Points ' and bring the Grand Prix home to where it belongs . "
Norton described it as " an amazing job and a huge honour " .
He said : " Sir Terry is nothing less than legend and is an impossible act to follow , but somebody must and I just could n't say no .
" I can't wait to get to Moscow .
With a combination of cheap vodka and a language barrier what could possibly go wrong ? "
Jay Hunt , Controller of BBC
One , thanked Sir Terry for his work on the programmes .
" Terry has enhanced viewers ' enjoyment of Eurovision for many years , " she said .
" I am delighted that Graham Norton will now be bringing his wit to bear on this iconic music event . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
John McCain 's recent statement on embryonic stem cell research was ambiguous in some ways , but clearly misleading in another :
He equated human embryos with fetuses , and used language implying that farming fetuses for their tissues is a realistic possibility .
" I voted to ban the practice of ' fetal farming , ' making it a federal crime for researchers to use cells or fetal tissue from an embryo created for research purposes , " McCain said in a statement Monday in response to questions posed by ScienceDebate2008 , a nonpartisan science advocacy group .
That McCain would oppose experimentation on embryos fits with his political record .
Outside of tolerating Roe v.
Wade as a means to avoid unsafe abortions during his 2000 run for president , he 's been staunchly opposed to abortion , though conservatives worried during earlier stages of McCain 's campaign that he would adopt a pro-choice platform .
The vote mentioned in his statement came on the [ Fetal Farming Act of 2006 ] ( http://frwebgate.access.gpo.gov/cgi-bin/getdoc.cgi?dbname=109_cong_public_laws&docid=f:publ242.109 ) , signed into law by President Bush .
But though the bill was unanimously approved in the House and Senate , its sponsors were criticizedfor failing to make clear that " fetal farming " does n't exist .
Embryos used to produce embryonic stem cells are harvested after five days , when the embryo is still an undifferentiated blob of about 70 cells .
While there is no sharp line for when an embryo becomes a fetus , nine weeks is a good rule of thumb ; the industry standard for halting development on research embryos is two weeks .
No reputable scientist has supported fetus experimentation .
For McCain to revive the language of " fetal farming , " say bioethicists , was misleading .
" It brings to mind some sort of science fiction , human ectogenesis factory , " said Jesse Reynolds , biotechnology accountability project director at the Center for Genetics and Society .
He called the phrase " a misleading rhetorical element designed to fire up the [ conservative ] base . "
The United States has no federal law for halting embryo experimentation , but 14 days – the point at which an embryo evidences its first distinguishing feature , a crease down its center known as the " primitive streak " – is accepted in the research community .
California and Massachusetts both have 14 - day limits by law , as does the United Kingdom , and the National
Academies of Science recommends it .
Because stem cell lines are shared so widely in the research community , these standards have become a de facto universal law .
" Boasting of opposition to ' fetal farming ' is offensive , because it suggests that ' fetal farming ' was ever an activity in which scientists were engaged , " said bioethicist R. Alta Charo of the University of Wisconsin .
" They were not and are not ' farming ' fetuses , and this legislation was not merely unnecessary , it was deliberately misleading and inflammatory . "
Whether the statement was intended to satisfy pro-life members of the
Republican party is speculative , and the McCain campaign did not respond to queries for this article .
But fetal farming is a possibility only if fetuses are equated with embryos – something that McCain did in his description of " fetal tissue from an embryo created for research purposes . "
In scientific terms , embryos and fetuses are different and mutually exclusive entities .
Equating them fits within a pro-life framework defining abortion at any stage as murder .
" If you call the creation of an embryo for research ' fetal farming , '
that clearly conflates embryos , at whatever stage , with fetuses , " said
Thomas Murray , director of the Hastings Center , a nonpartisan bioethics think tank .
" It would seem to equate a five - day - old embryo with a fetus one day before delivery . "
Image : A five - day - old embryo , from the Institute for Stem Cell Research ; a 12 - week - old fetus , from Mitch / Flickr .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Transcript snip :
Palin : Obama … Barack Obama has an ideological commitment to higher taxes .
The lessons I believe we have taught our kids would start to erode .
Those lessons about work ethic , hard work being rewarded and productivity being rewarded …
Female yelling off - camera , in audience :
And he 's a ni***r !
Palin : And …and … … lessons about , um , the virtues of freedom and independence while being generous and compassionate with others .
Advertisements
In an interview with MTV , Barack Obama was asked about one of the hot button issues of this campaign , communities that pass laws banning saggy pants .
Obama was asked if people should be penalized for wearing saggy pants .
He answered , “ Here is my attitude : I think people passing a law against people wearing sagging pants is a waste of time .
We should be focused on creating jobs , improving our schools , health care , dealing with the war in Iraq , and anybody , any public official , that is worrying about sagging pants probably needs to spend some time focusing on real problems out there . ”
He also said that people should show some respect , “ Having said that , brothers should pull up their pants .
You are walking by your mother , your grandmother , your underwear is showing .
What ’s wrong with that ?
Come on .
There are some issues that we face , that you do n’t have to pass a law , but that does n’t mean folks can’t have some sense and some respect for other people and , you know , some people might not want to see your underwear — I ’m one of them . ”
Advertisements
That was pretty sharp answer from Obama .
It might sound silly to say this , but his answer on baggy pants highlights why he is winning this election .
He took a trivial question and turned it back to the big issues , the economy , education , healthcare , and Iraq .
His answer showed that not only does he have priorities , but he also has common sense .
Sure he sounded a bit like a dad telling the kids to pull up their drawers , but guess what ?
He is a dad .
One can picture him telling his kids to pull up their pants in the same manner someday .
Look , it ’s MTV .
Nobody expects hard hitting journalism from the network that asked candidate Bill Clinton if wore boxers or briefs .
The interesting aspect to think about is what if John McCain answered the same question the way Obama did ?
Would he sound like an angry old man , who is out of touch with those young whippersnappers ?
I think there has been a bit of subtle ageism in this campaign , but it is based on a perception that McCain has helped fuel by acting like an angry old man .
Obama ’s answer to a fluff question provided some insight into the kind of focus that should serve him well in the White House .
Every once in a while a candidate comes along who seems made for the job of president .
Ronald Reagan was one .
Bill Clinton was one , and Barack Obama is one .
Read the full interview here
Arnold today launches a pleasingly goofy campaign for ESPN360.com starring Billy Mays , the bearded infomercial guy usually seen shilling for OxiClean .
See all four ads here .
This genre 's been parodied to death , but the ESPN spots score by being even dumber than we 've come to expect .
They 're almost parodies of parodies , so unrelentingly stupid that they 're amazingly effective .
Mays is no different here than in any of his other ad gigs as he shouts exuberantly about the ESPN360 service , which lets you to watch your favorite teams online , " anywhere , anytime ! "
The " secret , " Mays confides , is the Internet connection .
In the ad below , his wife and daughter are seen with thick black beards just like his .
Nice !
Their grins and gestures seem forced , and their line deliveries are as insincerely sincere as possible .
Now that 's great bad acting !
Also noteworthy is the dead - eyed office drone who robotically explains that with ESPN360 , " My job is way less soul - crushing . "
Hey , we need ESPN360 at AdFreak !
Ow , my aching soul !
— Posted by David Gianatasio
Policeman used CCTV to find wife with lover ' before throwing her naked in the street '
A policeman attacked his wife and shoved her naked out of their front door after CCTV footage showed she was having an affair with his best friend , a court heard yesterday .
PC Andrew Liptrot , 47 , seized camera footage from two pubs where he suspected the couple had met before confronting his wife Karen at home .
He then grabbed the 38 - year - old British Airways stewardess and ripped her dressing gown from her body , the court was told .
‘ I had nothing underneath , ’ Mrs Liptrot said .
‘ He was holding my wrists and I was nervous .
I was scared .
He grabbed my arm and called me a slag and a whore . '
PC Andrew Liptrot arriving at Preston Crown Court .
He denied three charges of assaulting his wife , Karen , seen here leaving court
‘ He was dragging me down the hallway by my ankles and dragged me over the front doorstep .
He told me to stand up so everyone could see what a whore I was . ’
Peter Davies , prosecuting , said Liptrot , a crime prevention officer , eventually allowed his wife back into the house and ordered her into the bedroom where he attacked her again .
He swung her round by the hair , hit her in the left buttock and struck her on the temple but stopped the attack when she started to cry , the court heard .
Mr Davies said Liptrot attacked her again six days later when she refused to have sex with him .
The following day , Mrs Liptrot took her two children to her parents ’ house .
They called the police .
Yesterday Liptrot , from Lostock Hall , Preston , appeared in court to deny three charges of assault .
The court heard Liptrot had been married to his wife for six years and the pair had two sons , Harry , seven , and Charlie , four .
Outwardly they appeared happy but the couple ’s demanding careers meant they often spent long periods apart .
Mr Davies said the trouble began when Liptrot discovered his wife had left the car in Chorley , Lancashire , following a night out .
He said : ‘ The following Monday he was more annoyed when he found her mobile phone and a text message from one of her friends which revealed she had told that friend she did not love Mr Liptrot anymore . ’
The jealous officer confronted his wife in the kitchen and there was a scuffle during which she fell and hurt her back .
Preston Crown
Court heard that days later , while Mrs Liptrot was on a trip to Seattle , he used special software on his computer to access her mobile phone texts .
These revealed his wife was having an affair with his best friend , Darren Watson .
On February 26 he decided to visit the Applejax bar and the Sir Henry Tate pub in Chorley , where he believed the lovers had met .
Mr Davies said : ‘ Despite being an off - duty crime prevention officer in Accrington and not being involved in any ongoing police investigation he told the management of the establishments that he was investigating serious offences .
‘ As a result , and trusting him to be a police officer doing his job , they supplied him with hours of DVD footage . ’
Mr Davies added : ‘ Those discs were never taken to a police station .
Instead they went straight to his home so he could watch them to see if he could catch his wife and her lover together . ’
Mr Davies went on : ‘ Although Darren Watson was a friend and well known to him , he started to use the police computer at work in order to find out more information , perhaps private , perhaps incriminating , about Mr Watson .
‘ All police officers are permitted to access the police computer but only as part of the process of conducting investigations . ’
On March 18 , Liptrot returned from work to their home , where he again confronted his wife about the affair before shoving her out of the front door .
Rick Holland , defending , suggested Mrs Liptrot ’s injuries were caused by a kinky bondage session the night before .
He told her : ‘ You had bought a pair of handcuffs from Ann Summers and you and your husband were involved in consensual sexual contact .
You had handcuffs on your wrists and you suffered slight injuries . ’
The jury was told that Liptrot , who had been a police officer for ten years but resigned this month , had earlier pleaded guilty to seven counts of misconduct in a public office relating to accessing police files and obtaining the CCTV footage .
The trial continues .
Women are a rare sight at Iranian football matches
The leading Iranian football club has apologised for allowing its women 's team and its men's youth team to play each other .
Esteghlal football club , which was top of the Iranian league , said it had penalised three officials .
This was the first mixed football match since the 1979 Islamic Revolution , the Associated Press reported .
Mixed sports are strictly forbidden in Iran .
Women are not even allowed into football grounds to watch men's games .
' Moral values '
The match is reported to have happened earlier this month at a stadium in south Tehran .
Iranian media say the men's team won 7-0 .
But the head of the club 's academy , Alireza Mansourian , said the two teams had come into contact only briefly , after their training sessions overlapped .
" On examination , I concluded that the incident did not happen in the way it is alleged , " he said .
He insisted the club " is committed to moral values " .
The club announced on its website that three officials , including the women 's and youth team coaches , had been suspended and fined .
Mr Mansourian , a prominent former footballer , is also reported to have been fined .
The incident is said to be under investigation by the state - run sports governing body , which enforces gender segregation within sport .
The source code for AutoZone , the Objective - C Garbage Collector found in Mac OS X Leopard , is now available .
It has been released under the Apache v2 license .
This is the same collector that is found in Mac OS X Leopard 10.5.3 ( the collector was not updated as a part of 10.5.4 or 10.5.5 ) .
The garbage collector is not limited to Objective - C .
It is actually a fairly generic scanning , conservative , generational , multi- threaded , language agnostic , collector .
The implementation has certainly been tested and optimized with Mac OS X based applications .
Notably , MacRuby uses AutoZone to offer a common GC implementation across object graphs that span Ruby and Objective -C .
: link_pages issince version 2.1.0 !
Use wp_link_pages ( ) instead .
inon line
After hearing about a product named Netdoc from Scoble , Steve Maine takes the opportunity to reminsce about a similarly code - named project at Microsoft ( that has nothing to do with the new product ) .
He says :
The name “ Netdocs ” reminds me of my experience as an intern at MS in 2000 .
There was this mythical project codenamed “ Netdocs ” , and it was a black hole into which entire teams disappeared .
I had several intern friends who got transferred to the Netdocs team and were never heard from again .
Everyone knew that Netdocs was huge and that there were a ton of people working on it , but nobody had any idea what the project actually did .
I left Office just about the time that Netdocs really started going , but I do know a few people who invested quite a few years of their lives into it .
I ca n’t say that I know much more than Steve about it , but it did get me thinking about other “ black hole projects ” at Microsoft .
There was one I was very close to earlier in my career that I managed not to get myself sucked into and several others that I just watched from afar .
None I can really talk about since they never saw the light of day , but it did get me thinking about the peculiar traits of a black hole project .
They seem to be :
They must have absurdly grandiose goals .
Something like “ fundamentally reimagine the way that people work with computers . ”
Nobody , including the people who originate the goals , has a clear idea what the goals actually mean .
They must involve throwing out some large existing codebase and rewriting everything from scratch , “ the right way , this time . ”
They must have completely unrealistic deadlines .
Usually this is because they believe that they can rewrite the original codebase in much , much less time than it took to write that codebase in the first place .
They must have completely unrealistic beliefs about compatibility .
Usually this takes the form of believing you can rewrite a huge codebase and preserve all of the little quirks and such without a massive amount of extra effort .
They are always “ six months ” from from major deadline that never seems to arrive .
Or , if it does arrive , another milestone is added on to the end of the project to compensate .
They must consume huge amounts of resources , sucking the lifeblood out of one or more established products that make significant amounts of money or have significant marketshare .
They must take over any group that does anything that relates to their absurdly broad goals , especially if that group is small , focused , has modest goals and actually has a hope of shipping in a reasonable timeframe .
They must be prominently featured as demos at several company meetings , to the point where people groan “ Oh , god , not another demo of this thing .
When is it ever going to ship ? ”
They usually are prominently talked up by BillG publicly years before shipping / dying a quiet death .
They usually involve “ componetizing ” some monolithic application or system .
This means that not only are you rewriting a huge amount of code , you ’re also splitting it up across one or more teams that have to all seamlessly work together .
As a result of the previous point , they also usually involve absolutely massive integration problems as different teams try madly to get their components working with each other .
They usually involve rewriting the application or system on top of brand - new technology that has not been proven at a large scale yet .
As such , they get to flush out all the scalability problems with the new technology .
They are usually led by one or more Captain Ahabs , madly pursuing the white whale with absolute conviction , while the deckhands stand around saying “ Gee , that whale looks awfully big .
I ’m not sure we can really take him down . ”
Finally , 90 % of the time , they must fail and die a flaming death , possibly taking down or damaging other products with it .
If they do ship , they must have taken at least 4 - 5 years to ship and be at least 2 years overdue .
I ’m kind of frightened at how easy it was to come up with this list – it all just kind of poured out .
Looking back over 12.5 years at Microsoft , I ’m also kind of frightened at how many projects this describes .
Including some projects that are ongoing at the moment …
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
More
Email
Print
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
] ] >
According to the New York Times , Scarsdale High School has decided to get rid of their Advanced Placement classes , including AP Physics , replacing them with a new curriculum that cost “ $ 40,000 to bring in 25 professors from Harvard , Yale , New York University and other top colleges . ”
“ We have the luxury of being able to move beyond the A.P. , ” John Klemme , Scarsdale ’s principal , said in a recent interview .
“ If people called it a gold curriculum in the past , I refer to this version as the platinum curriculum . ”
What ’s the change in this new “ platinum curriculum ” as far as physics is concerned ?
As many as one in eight teens in the United States may take a virginity pledge at some point , vowing to wait until they 're married before having sex .
But do such pledges work ?
Are pledge takers more likely than other teens to delay sexual activity ?
A new study looked at the sexual behavior of hundreds of young people , some of whom took virginity pledges .
A new study suggests that the answer is no .
While teens who take virginity pledges do delay sexual activity until an average age of 21 ( compared to about age 17 for the average American teen ) , the reason for the delay is more likely due to pledge takers ' religious background and conservative views -- not the pledge itself .
According to a study published Monday in the journal Pediatrics , pledge takers are as likely to have sex before marriage as other teens who are also religious , but do n't take the pledge .
However , pledge takers are less likely than other religious or conservative teens to use condoms or birth control when they do start having sex .
In the new study , Janet Rosenbaum , Ph.D. , of Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore , Maryland , analyzed the large chunk of data used in all the studies that have looked at virginity pledges : the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health .
In this survey , middle and high school students were asked about their sexual behaviors and opinions starting in 1995 - 96 .
In the analysis , Rosenbaum compared 289 young adults who took virginity pledges in their teens with 645 young people who did not take such a pledge .
The researcher was careful to only compare teens who had similar views on religion , birth control and sex in general , regardless of whether or not they took a pledge .
Health.com :
What should I do if the condom breaks ?
Five years after the initial survey the study subjects were aged 20 to 23 .
Eighty - two percent of pledge takers denied ( or forgot ) they had ever taken such a vow .
Overall pledge takers were no different from non-pledge takers in terms of their premarital sex , anal and oral sexual practices , and their probability of having a sexually transmitted disease .
Both groups lost their virginity at an average age of 21 , had about three lifetime partners , and had similar rates of STDs .
" And the majority were having premarital sex , over 50 percent , " says Rosenbaum .
Overall , roughly 75 percent of pledgers and non-pledgers were sexually active , and about one in five was married .
Health.com :
Who 's most at risk for STDs ?
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Talking to your teen about sex
Unmarried pledgers , however , were less likely than non-pledgers to use birth control ( 64 percent of pledge takers and 70 percent of non-pledge takers said they used it most of the time ) or condoms ( 42 percent of pledge takers and 54 percent of non-pledge takers said they used them most of the time ) .
" There 's been some speculation about whether teenagers were substituting oral or anal sex for vaginal sex and I found that was n't so , " says Rosenbaum .
" But I did uphold a previous finding that they are less likely to use birth control and drastically less likely in fact to use condoms -- it 's a ten percentage point difference . "
Rosenbaum is concerned that abstinence - only sex education programs that promote virginity pledges may also promote a negative view of condoms and birth control .
The result may be teens and young adults who are less likely than their peers to protect themselves from sexually transmitted diseases and unplanned pregnancies .
Health.com : Sex and teens :
Test your knowledge
Federal funds for abstinence only education programs have increased from $ 73 million in 2001 to $ 204 million in 2008 .
About 25 states apply for such funds each year to educate teens , says Rosenbaum .
Sometimes programs are measured by how many teens take virginity pledges , not whether the teens stick to them , avoid sexually transmitted diseases or unplanned pregnancies , says Rosenbaum .
" Studies find that kids in abstinence - only programs have negative , biased views about whether condoms work , " she says .
Since such programs promote abstinence only they tend to give only the disadvantages of birth control , she says .
Teens learn condoms do n't protect you completely from human papillomavirus ( HPV ) and herpes , which is true , but they may not realize that they protect against all the " fluid - based STDs , " she says .
" People end up thinking you may as well not bother using birth control or condoms . "
Virginity pledges , along with a six - hour curriculum , were first introduced in 1993 by an evangelical Christian group , and a 1995 survey suggested that 13 percent of teens had taken such a pledge ( current survey data are lacking , says Rosenbaum . )
" Virginity pledgers are very different than most U.S. teens -- they are obviously more conservative , they have more negative views about sexuality and birth control and so , even if they did n't take a pledge , these would be teenagers who would be very likely to abstain anyhow , " says Rosenbaum .
About 40 percent of the study subjects were born - again Christians , she notes .
The new study does not suggest that virginity pledges are harmful , says Andrew Goldstein , M.D. , an obstetrician and gynecologist at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine , because they were not associated with an increase in STDs or unplanned pregnancies .
However , they do seem to be " useless , " says Goldstein , who was not involved in the study .
Promoting the pledges gives a " false sense of security and energy could be better spent in education , " he says .
" It is time to stop spending money on these useless programs and funnel it into safer - sex counseling . "
Health.com :
Six things your teen needs to know about sex
When it comes to advice for the parents of teens , Rosenbaum notes that just about every organization , from Focus on the Family to Planned Parenthood , offers a similar message .
" Parents should talk to their kids about their sex .
It should not be single conversation , it should be a continued conversation at the moments that are teachable moments , " she says .
" Parents tend to hope that schools will take care of it -- they can't , obviously . "
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
I think the referee was only sick of seeing this hair ( un ) cut .
The Supreme Court showed extreme and troubling deference to the views of the military , deciding to lift two restrictions on the Navy ’s use of sonar in training exercises off the California coast .
The sonar is used to detect extremely quiet diesel - electric submarines that might threaten a fleet .
But the noise is earsplitting  as loud as 2,000 jet engines , according to environmental groups  to acoustically sensitive whales and other marine mammals .
Most disturbing was the majority ’s strong statements of deference to the professional judgments of military officers .
A district court and appeals court in California had shown much more willingness to probe behind the military ’s claims .
They had concluded that the Navy could effectively train its strike groups even under the two restrictions it most vigorously opposed : that sonar be shut down if marine mammals were spotted within 2,200 yards and powered down during certain rare sea conditions .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Thierry de la Villehuchet , a hedge fund adviser and investor whose firm said he lost $ 1.5 billion investing with Wall Street adviser Bernard Madoff , was found dead in his office in an apparent suicide Tuesday , police said .
Police say
Thierry de la Villehuchet 's body had cuts on the wrist and bicep .
Emergency personnel discovered the body of the 65 - year - old French executive at 7:29 a.m. in the Madison Avenue office of Access International Advisors , police said .
Villehuchet suffered " cuts made to his arm , to his wrist and also to his bicep area , with a box cutter , " New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said at a news conference .
He also told reporters there were pills present , though it was n't clear whether any were ingested , and there was no suicide note .
Liliane Bettencourt , the world 's richest woman , is believed to have entrusted part of her $ 22.9 billion fortune with Madoff through Villehuchet , according to reports .
The 86 - year - old daughter of L'Oreal founder Eugene Schueller is thought to be an investor in a fund managed by Access International Advisors , although her investment is n't public .
Calls to Bettencourt 's foundation , Foundation Bettencourt Schuelle , were not returned .
Bettencourt joins other wealthy individuals from Europe and around the world who have lost money -- thought to include Spanish billionaire Alicia Koplowitz , Steven Spielberg and Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel .
Villehuchet 's body will be examined and a toxicology report issued Wednesday , said Ellen Borakove , a spokeswoman for the New York medical examiner .
Kelly read a statement from Access International Advisors ' attorney saying the firm lost $ 1.5 billion by investing with Madoff , 70 , a former Nasdaq chairman who is accused of operating a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme .
Reached by phone , Madoff 's attorney , Daniel Horowitz , had no comment .
According to the Securities and Exchange Commission Web site , Access International Advisors no longer registers with the SEC .
All About Bernard Madoff
A jury rejected the police account of the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes as the Brazilian 's family branded his inquest a " whitewash " .
After returning an open verdict today , the 10 jurors rejected a string of claims made by officers about the events leading up to Mr de Menezes being killed .
In a damning indictment , they dismissed claims by firearms officer C12 that he shouted " armed police " before opening fire .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The jury also disputed that 27 - year - old Mr de Menezes had walked towards officers before he was killed .
The jurors concluded that six police failings caused or contributed to the innocent man 's death .
Firearms officers shot Mr de Menezes at Stockwell Tube station in south London on July 22 , 2005 , after mistaking him for failed suicide bomber Hussain Osman .
As the jury returned its verdict after its sixth day of deliberations , the Menezes family accused coroner Sir Michael Wright of " presiding over a complete whitewash " .
In a stinging attack on the coroner , they said he " failed on every count " during proceedings .
A family statement , released through the Justice4Jean campaign group , said : " After three months of evidence , 100 witnesses and millions of pounds , the coroner , Sir Michael Wright , has presided over a complete whitewash .
" He has failed on every count of the purpose of an inquest investigation . "
After recording an open verdict , the jurors , who began considering their verdict at 2.40 pm last Thursday , ruled the following :
* Firearms officer C12 did not shout the words " armed police " before opening fire .
* Mr de Menezes stood up from his seat before a surveillance officer , known as Ivor , grabbed him in a bear - hug .
* But the Brazilian did not move towards officer C12 before he was seized by Ivor .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
They also concluded that six factors caused his death :
* A failure to obtain and provide better photographic images of the terror suspect Hussain Osman for the surveillance team .
* A failure by the police to ensure that Mr de Menezes was stopped before he reached public transport .
* The fact that the views of the surveillance officers regarding identification were not accurately communicated to the command team and the firearms officers .
* The fact that the position of the cars containing the firearms officers was not accurately known to the command team as the firearms officers were approaching Stockwell Station .
* There were significant shortcomings in the communications system as it was operating on the day between the various police teams on the ground and with New Scotland Yard .
* A failure to conclude , at the time , that surveillance officers should still be used to carry out the stop of Mr de Menezes at Stockwell Station even after it was reported that specialist firearms officers could perform the stop .
But they found that the following two factors did not play a part in his death .
* The general difficulty in providing an identification of the man under surveillance in the time available and in the circumstances after he had left the block at Scotia Road .
* The innocent behaviour of Mr de Menezes which increased the suspicions of some officers .
The jury of five women and five men could not decide whether pressure on the Metropolitan police in the wake of the suicide and attempted terror attacks in July 2005 caused or contributed to his death .
The family 's legal team confirmed a judicial appeal against the omission of an unlawful killing verdict was ongoing .
In a new interview his mother , Maria Otone de Menezes , said : " Justice has not been done yet . "
She also spoke of her belief that some officers lied to the inquest and called for the resignation of Cressida Dick , the senior policewoman who led the operation that ended in her son 's death .
It can be revealed now that the family resolved to have nothing more to do with the inquest and withdrew their legal team after losing a High Court battle to change elements of the terms of the verdicts available to the jury .
An appeal to introduce unlawful killing as an option was adjourned .
Proceedings were delayed by half a day by chaotic scenes in and outside court just before the jurors retired last week to consider their verdict .
Three of Mr de Menezes 's cousins stood up in the courtroom and revealed T - shirts displaying the message : " Your legal right to decide - unlawful killing verdict . "
As the verdict was returned , the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) confirmed it would carry out a review .
A statement from the watchdog said : " The IPCC will now review the evidence to see if there are any new issues to consider . "
Cheers were heard from Justice4Jean campaigners in the annex at the Oval cricket ground , south London , as the foreman revealed that the jury rejected police claims that the killing was lawful .
The coroner said he was preparing a report following proceedings when he would make his recommendations public .
He added : " It is only right that these proceedings conclude with me expressing sincere condolences to the family of Mr de Menezes .
" On any view in this case , this was a tragic and terrible event , the killing of an entirely innocent young man . "
Relatives were not in court for today 's verdict .
Responding to the evidence heard at the inquest , Mrs de Menezes , 63 , said : " Police officers made a lot of mistakes .
There were a lot of failures on their part .
" However , the one who was in command was , in my opinion , the one who made the biggest mistake because she was supposed to be in command of something and whatever she did , she did it wrong . "
Mr de Menezes 's brother , Giovani da Silva , 36 , added : " We will carry on fighting because what we want is justice . "
The inquest at the Oval cricket ground in south London heard details of a series of mistakes made by officers in the hours leading up to the fatal shooting .
For the first time the public was given a full account of the incident from key witnesses on board the Underground train where Mr de Menezes was killed .
The Metropolitan Police was under huge pressure after terrorists first murdered 52 innocent people in London on July 7 , 2005 and then launched further failed attacks on the capital a fortnight later .
On July 22 , the day after the failed second attack , a massive manhunt was under way to find Osman and the other on - the - run bombers amid fears they could attempt to strike again .
Osman 's gym card , found in a rucksack abandoned in the attack on Shepherd 's Bush Tube station on July 21 , led police to a block of flats in Scotia Road in Tulse Hill , south London .
Mr de Menezes , an electrician from a poor Brazilian family who had come to the UK in 2002 to make a better future for himself , was living in the same building with two cousins .
On the morning of July 22 , he apparently overslept and did not leave the house until 9.34 am , by which time he was late for a job in Kilburn , north London .
The Brazilian jumped on a Number 2 bus and transferred to a Northern Line Underground train at Stockwell station .
But a surveillance officer - who was urinating into a plastic container at the time - had watched him come out of the block of flats and judged that he might be Osman .
Police followed Mr de Menezes all the way to Stockwell , at which point Ms Dick gave the order that he should be stopped before he got onto a train .
At 10.06 am the Brazilian was shot dead by police marksmen using hollow - point bullets that killed him instantly .
Surveillance officers on the ground never positively identified Mr de Menezes as Osman , but commanders at New Scotland Yard believed they did .
The inquest heard dramatic evidence from the two police marksmen - who were given anonymity and the code names C2 and C12 - who fired the fatal shots .
C12 broke down in court as he relived the moment he shot Mr de Menezes fearing he was a suicide bomber about to attempt to murder all those around him .
He said : " I did not believe I had an alternative - and if I did not act , members of the public would be killed , my colleagues would be killed and I would be killed . "
Scotland Yard witnesses insisted the officers identified themselves by shouting " armed police " after boarding the train at Stockwell , but none of the civilian passengers recalled hearing this .
C2 and C12 expressed their regrets to the Menezes family during the inquest , but colleagues felt they had nothing to apologise for .
Chief Inspector Martin Rush , a senior firearms instructor who led the pair 's training , said : " They should be admired but they are actually being vilified and I think that is dreadfully unfortunate . "
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said : " The death of Jean Charles de Menezes was a profoundly shocking tragedy and the de Menezes family have my deepest sympathy .
" What we have learnt from the accounts of the tragic events that day reminds us all of the extremely demanding circumstances under which the police work to protect us from further terrorist attack .
" The Metropolitan Police remain in the forefront of the fight against crime and terrorism . "
Peter Smyth , chairman of the Metropolitan Police Federation Chairman , said the firearms officers were under " great " pressure and " believed they were doing the best they could " .
At the time of the incident - 15 days after the July 7 London bombings - fears of another terrorist attack were high , he said .
Mr Smyth said : " The officers had not just their own safety to consider but that of hundreds of innocent Londoners who could have become the targets of what , on the information they had available , they believed to be a terrorist who could well have been on the point of mounting an attack .
" It was on this basis they took their fateful decisions .
They believed they were doing the very best they could . "
The jury of five men and five women came to a majority of eight to two in delivering their open verdict .
Of the remaining 12 questions , the jury were unanimous on all but two of them .
Ghost of Christmas present : Madonna shows the strain on her pale and haggard face
Christmas can be stressful at the best of times .
For Madonna , who is nearing the end of a bitter divorce , the holiday appears to have been particularly exhausting .
The strain was showing as she headed out to dinner on Saturday with friends Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin in jeans and a bomber jacket .
Showing the strain :
An exhausted looking Madonna visited London 's Locanda Locatelli restaurant where she was joined for dinner by Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow
Her skin was stretched taut and she appeared pale and haggard , despite putting on a smile for photographers .
Madonna 's day had been a busy one .
She and her ex-husband Guy Ritchie and their children all attended the London headquarters of their Kabbalah religion - the first time the family has been pictured together since the split was announced three months ago .
Kabbalah day : With Lourdes , top right , and Ritchie and the boys , in white baseball caps
Guy , 50 , looked scruffy and tired but an onlooker said that ' they [ the family ] looked at ease with each other ' .
A source close to the couple said : ' They have had a lot to cope with since announcing their divorce in October .
' But they always agreed that the children would come first .
It has been a rough few months for all of them . '
The pair apparently agreed to call a truce to ensure that their sons Rocco , eight , and David , three , and Madonna 's daughter Lourdes , 12 , enjoyed the holidays .
Ritchie celebrated Christmas with the boys at his Wiltshire estate .
Lourdes spent the day with her mother at the family 's London home .
On Boxing Day , Ritchie took the boys back to their mother and stayed until the following day .
It is thought Madonna eventually plans to live permanently in New York but cannot take her two sons with her unless by permission of either Ritchie or an English court .
The Revolver director is keen for his sons to grow up and be schooled in England .
The singer , who has just completed her Sticky and Sweet World Tour , is taking all the children to the Maldives on holiday for New Year .
Scruffy : A tired Guy arrives at the centre with his sons and a nanny
News - 19/9/2018
First 802.11 aa firmware ever released !
To understand how it works and to have access to patches and firmware for supporting 802.11 GAT mechanisms go here !
News - 10/10/2016
HBSS firmware released !
Click here to download it and understand how to use it .
News - 29/7/2014
Localisation firmware released !
Click here to download it and understand how to use it .
News - 29/5/2014
Selective Jammer firmware released !
Click here to download it and understand how to use it .
News - 10/8/2010
Maranello firmware released !
Download it and all the necessary kernel patches here !
To begin using it read the README file in the kernel patches archive and refer to the text in the firmware source code to understand how it works .
News - 5/8/2009
News - 7/21/2009
News - 1/29/2009
News - 1/22/2009
We received reports about firmware problems with PCMCIA 4306 / 18 based cards .
We are working to support them .
New firmware version : improved handling of phy errors .
Now firmware is more stable .
New firmware version : the firmware is now compliant with header format 410 .
Firmware tested on kernel 2.6.29 - rc2-wl .
The firmware has been tested on Linksys WRT54GL and it works fine .
Known supported boards until now : 4306 , 4311 ( rev1 ) , 4318 and 4320
News - 1/21/2009
New firmware version : the archive contains firmware and initvals source code .
New firmware version was tested on kernel 2.6.29 - rc2-wl .
News - 1/14/2009
New firmware version : firmware has been tested with WPA2 - personal security mechanism ( both TKIP and CCMP ) and WPA - enterprise ( EAP - TTLS ) , and seems to work correctly .
Firmware was tested with 2.6.27 - rc5 kernel version on a 4306 and 4318 PCI device .
Please try it !
Initvals : you can download test binary initvals here .
They are still under development , so we currently supply only binary images .
Source code will be available as soon as possible , meanwhile please try them !
Welcome !
OpenFWWF , Open FirmWare for WiFi networks , is a project that wants to provide an easy and inexpensive platform to implement new Medium Access Control ( MAC ) mechanism , and wants to be a valid alternative to simulations and expensive ad - hoc platforms .
The combination of OpenFWWF and b43 driver is a complete and cheap tool that makes testing of new MAC easy achievable .
This site provides an open source firmware for Broadcom / AirForce chipset based devices .
Currently this firmware has been tested on 4306 and 4318 chipset revisions and with kernel 2.6.27 - rc5 ( module b43 from wireless - testing ) .
Firmware has been developed starting from specifications in http://bcm-v4.sipsolutions.net: we report here some information more we discovered , such as important interactions between the MAC processor , the hardware registers and the operating mechanisms that rules data frames along the transmission and reception paths .
This project has been successfully completed thanks to the work of reverse engineering available at http://bcm-v4.sipsolutions.net and to the tools that Michael Buesch makes available to the community .
What this firmware supports :
works in infrastructured mode as both station and AP , the latter requires hostapd
it is compliant with DCF access scheme in b and g modes , not tested in a bands
Preliminary testing shows that ad - hoc mode works as it does with proprietary firmware
What this firmware does not support :
does not implement RTS / CTS handshake procedure , must be disabled on module load
does not work with hardware cryptography acceleration , use without encryption !
does not work with dot11 QoS , must be disabled on module load
does not work with PCMCIA 4306 / 18 cards : we are still working to support them
You can download the firmware source code here Tools for compilation ( b43 - tools ) can be found here .
You can download last snapshot from the site or use git :
git clone http://git.bu3sch.de/git/b43-tools.git
How to use the downloaded firmware
To obtain an executable firmware , once you have installed b43 - tools , you need to type ' make ' from the firmware folder .
To make the firmware work properly you need at least 2 more files that must be extracted from original Broadcom drivers : b0g0bsinitvals5.fw and b0g0initvals5.fw .
To obtain these files you can follow the instructions at
in the section that refers to firmware version 4.80 .
You then need to put the executable firmware ( ucode5.fw ) , and the couple of files as above , b0g0bsinitvals5.fw and b0g0initvals5.fw , into / lib / firmware / b43 folder .
Remember that this firmware was only tested with the b43 driver coming with kernel version 2.6.27 -rc5 .
To make firmware work properly type :
modprobe b43 qos=0
If you need help :
If you need help , send a message to the OpenFWWF team
CHICAGO 
As workers at a window - making plant here prepared to spend a fourth night in the factory they had been told to leave for good , union leaders , bankers and company owners met into the night on Monday but the meetings ended without bringing about an end to the workers ’ peaceful but increasingly tense occupation of the plant .
The layoff of 250 workers last week at Republic Windows and Doors on the North Side with only three days ’ warning and without pay the workers say is owed to them had , by Monday , drawn the attention of nearly every politician with a connection to this city , numerous union and workers ’ rights groups and scores of ordinary people , who arrived at the plant offering families toys , food and money .
Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich , who met with the workers Monday morning , said the State of Illinois was suspending its business with the Bank of America , Republic Windows ’ lenders , and that the Illinois Department of Labor was poised to file a complaint over the plant closing if need be .
Political leaders on the Chicago City Council and in Cook County threatened similar actions .
Representative Luis V. Gutierrez said he was encouraging the Department of Labor and the Department of Justice to investigate .
“ Families are already struggling to keep afloat , ” Mr. Blagojevich said .
Workers here say they blame the operators of Republic Windows and Doors , a manufacturing company that was founded in 1965 , for giving them just three days ’ notice before closing last Friday , with no earlier hints to the employees that orders for vinyl windows and sliding doors had fallen off .
In May , Glastonbury - which has a population of 9,000 and which lends its name to the country 's largest rock festival , staged on a farm six miles outside the town - became the first place in the country to have a free wi- fi network installed in its town centre .
The £ 34,000 project is financed by county council and regional development agency funding ,
From a Frederic
Lee mass URPE email I just received :
As many of you may know , The New School Graduate Faculty building has been and will continue to be occupied autonomously by a large group of students since early yesterday evening .
This is only the beginning , and we need you here - either to join us in occupation or to show your support !
Why ?
The original idea of the University in Exile , and the New School in general , was to be a safe - haven for academic freedom and scholarship free of oppressive political regimes , be they in Europe or America , and to be a center for critical engagement with important issues of our times .
It was known for its deep thinkers , its innovative academics , and its committment to social and political justice as a bedrock of all other scholarship .
The New School , under its current administration , is no longer able to fulfill that role of critical engagement and dissent .
This continued betryal of our founding principles cannot be tolerated any longer , and the time has come to revive the University in Exile .
This is a call for student action !
So to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the freedom to drink , we present 10 great moments in the history of beer .
December 5 , 1933 was a great day in American history .
It was the day Congress ratified the 21st amendment and ended the Noble Experiment , Prohibition .
The word beer comes from the Latin word ' bibere ' meaning ' to drink ' .
The Greek goddess of agriculture , Ceres , is the root of the Spanish word for beer , cerveza .
Beer is the world 's oldest and most widely consumed alcoholic beverage in the world .
Great Moment 1 : Beer Discovered !
6 Century Mesopotamia : Ancient Samarians are the first civilized culture ( that we know ) to brew beer .
They called it a " Divine Drink " and offered it to their gods .
They were very smart .
Great Moment 2 : Spaten !
1363 : SPATEN -FRANZISKANER
Brewery opens in Germany .
The " modern- day " brewing tradition in Munich began in 1807 .
Great Moment 3 : It 's good for you !
May 1769 : Guinness exports the first 6 1/2 barrels of their soon to be legendary Stout .
The beer drinkers world would never be the same again .
Great Moment 4 : Big Break Through
1770 : Hydrometer invented :
The hydrometer transformed how beer was brewed .
Before its introduction beers were brewed from a single malt : brown beers from brown malt , amber beers from amber malt , pale beers from pale malt .
Using the hydrometer , brewers could calculate the yield from different malts .
Way to go beer science !
Great Moment 5 : Oktober is Munich
October 1810 : The original " Oktoberfest " occurred in Munich .
It began to commemorae the marriage of Crown Prince Ludwig and Princess Therese of Saxe - Hildburghausen .
( November 1993 : Baierman enters Hofbräu brewery for first time .
Exits with 3 large steins and 2 medium steins hidden in his baggy jeans . )
Great Moment 6 : Historic brewery opens
1829 : David G. Yuengling opens a brewery in Pottsville , PA .
Today it 's the oldest operating brewery in the United States .
Great Moment 7 : Horse become Icon
April 7 , 1933 : The Budweiser Clydesdales were first introduced to celebrate the repeal of Prohibition .
They proceeded to carry the first case of post - Prohibition beer from the St. Louis brewery in a special journey down Pestalozzi Street in St. Louis .
Great Moment 8 : Home Brew lives
October 14 , 1978 : President Jimmy Carter signs a bill that removes the restrictions on home brewing .
This allowed beer to be made in smaller quantities at home and allowed many of the craft brewers of today to get their start .
( Billy Beer among them . )
Great Moment 9 : Beer + Festival = Genius
September 1982 : First ever Great American Beer Festivals held in Boulder , Colorado .
Thousands flock to pay tribute to beer every year since .
Great Moment 10 : ' Forties ' rule
1990s : Although Malt Liquor had been around for a few decades , it 's 90s Hip Hop music that brings the ' 40 ounce ' to the forefront of pop culture .
Drinking 40 ounces of malt liquor becomes a right of passage for American youth ( including yours truly ) , regardless of the harsh taste .
Soon to be great moment :
January 1 - 5 , 2009 : World Series of Beer Pong .
Laura of 11D says this quote is making the rounds of Wall Street .
Owners of capital will stimulate the working class to buy more and more of expensive goods , houses and technology , pushing them to take more and more expensive credits , until their debt becomes unbearable .
The unpaid debt will lead to bankruptcy of banks , which will have to be nationalised , and the State will have to take the road which will eventually lead to communism .
Karl Marx , Das Kapital , 1867
It 's been fifteen years since I read Das Kapital , and I 'm not sure how much I retained even when I was young and hale .
But it immediately set off my fake alarms .
First , because it does n't sound remotely like anything I remember Marx saying -- his core thesis was that falling wages would immiserate the working class , not that they'd be done in by their overdrafts .
Second , because I do remember Marx spending huge chunks of Das Kapital grousing about the inadequacy of the housing supply for the working class , in very tedious detail .
( I now appreciate , as I did n't then , how valuable this is as a historic record .
But it 's quite something to wade through . )
And third , because no one in 1870 imagined the working class having access to bank credit .
Poor people might get some time from the landlord , or a few weeks at the butcher , or they might run arrears and pay on account , but they did not buy substantial goods on credit .
The first mass extension of credit to people who did not own land was the boom in installment buying that came in the 1920s .
Also , at least as I recall it , socialism was supposed to come ' round through violent revolution of the starving proletariat , not bank nationalisation .
But as I say , it has been a long time .
Also , the quote just does n't feel right -- it does n't sound like Marx .
I can't put my finger on why , exactly , especially since I 've only read Marx in translation .
I can say that it feels , like most of these hoaxes , a little too a propos , as if Marx were writing from the CNN green room .
And indeed , searching all three volumes for " houses " and " homes " , which are a pretty straight one - to - one translation , yields nothing that sounds remotely like this .
Every time I see one of these things , I wonder .
Who the hell makes them up ?
And why ?
What do you get from passing your mediocre musings off as the work of a long - dead revolutionary ?
" Sometimes I sing and dance around the house in my underwear .
Does n't make me Madonna .
Never will . "
~ Joan Cusack , Working Girl
As seen on TV , the Sea Shepherd Society is once again readying their boat in order to thwart the efforts of Japanese whalers
[ social_buttons ]
Just earlier this week the Japanese whaling ship called the Nisshin Maru left port to begin hunting and slaughtering an expected 1,000 whales .
Luckily enough , the Sea Shepherd Society has the whales ’ backs…er , fins ?
It ’s an annual confrontation between the society and the whalers , one that I ’m enormously grateful for !
It ’s been estimated that last year the tactics of the Sea Shepherd saved around half of the whales targeted by the Japenese fleet , approximating in a $ 70 - million dollar loss .
It was n’t easy Watson says , as he was shot during one of the forays .
“ I was wearing a bullet - proof vest , ” he told an Australian newspaper , “ but the bullet hit my badge ( an anti-poaching badge ) so I had this bullet and I jokingly gave it to the guy who played Grissom in CSI ( actor William Petersen ) – he ’s one of our supporters – and said ‘ Hey , take a look at this because no one else will . ’
I admit , I ’ve been blessed with the opportunity to interact with whales off the coast of Baja .
That ’s me petting one in the picture above .
I ’m far from religious but the experience is like that of seeing God .
It ’s beautiful and utterly unreal .
If only the Japanese were Mexican .
Let me give a shout out to my motley crew of whale watchers .
We ’re a gang of engineers , a Brit , a Sea World veterinarian , and some Asian guy – none of us really know what John does .
We ’re just a movie star short of being a Gilligan ’s Island spin off .
It ’s the perfect blend .
But make no mistake , it ’s not my interaction with these creatures that fuels my interest in their plight .
I find them majestic , yes , but the actions of the Japanese are inexcusable and just plain lame .
Luckily , I believe in karma and that there is a special version of Hell just for whalers .
In the meantime , we have Daryl Hannah .
Yup , Daryl Hannah — actress , activist , and part - time mermaid — is joining the Sea Shepherd crew this time around , headed by Captain Paul Watson .
The crew itself is made up of over 40 volunteers and a Animal Planet film crew .
Animal Planet will document the adventures for their hit television series Whale Wars .
The boat — the Steve Irwin — leaves port from Australia on December 1st .
Wish them luck .
[ Via : Ecorazzi ]
Photo : Jerry James Stone , San Ignacio Lagoon , Baja California Sur
By comparison , Bill Clinton had filled only one of those jobs by this point in his transition , and Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan only two .
Even the elder George Bush , who had the advantage of succeeding a fellow Republican , had picked just eight a month after his election .
George W. Bush , stalled by the Florida recount , had named a chief of staff at this point in 2000 but was waiting to find out if he would even become president .
Mr. Obama ’s advisers are acutely aware that moving too quickly can cause mistakes .
But accounts of the process emerging from participants suggest that the president - elect is trying to be decisive as well as methodical and secretive in filling out his administration , perhaps foreshadowing how he intends to run the government .
“ You do n’t have time to waste , ” said Rahm Emanuel , the incoming White House chief of staff , who was named to his post two days after the election .
“ This is the worst economic situation since the Great Depression and the largest commitment of troops overseas since Richard Nixon .
That ’s the world we ’re inheriting , and the president - elect said we do n’t have a moment to waste putting things together . ”
Aides said Mr. Obama had been determined to expedite the cumbersome selection and vetting cycle that had bogged down previous transitions , in the hope that Senate confirmation of top nominees would be accelerated .
They said he had been particularly committed to avoid what happened in 2001 , when many top national security positions were still unfilled at the time of the Sept. 11 attacks .
So far , none of Mr. Obama ’s appointees have run into serious controversies , although questions are being raised about the involvement of Eric H. Holder Jr. , the choice for attorney general , in Mr. Clinton ’s last - minute pardon of Marc Rich , the fugitive financier .
In other cases , Mr. Obama avoided difficulty by passing over early front - runners , among them John O. Brennan , a candidate for director of the Central Intelligence Agency , who could have run into trouble .
Trekkies have long argued about who is the best captain , Kirk or Picard , and what is the best ship .
I 'm not going to wade into that mess ...
Warning : NSFW .
About three or so dozen naked Cal students ran throughout the library in some sort of stress - relieving effort the other day .
It 's an annual tradition that inevitably gets captured on film and sent across the Internet , ripe for the masses to use for self - pleasuring .
You 're welcome .
Oh , and to check out last year 's nude run , go here .
By Haroon Rashid
BBC Urdu service
Western powers have accused the ISI of aiding Taleban militants Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi has said that the controversial " political wing " of the top secret service agency has been disbanded .
A senior security official used the term " made inactive " when asked about the Inter - Services Intelligence wing .
The political wing is widely believed to have been engineering domestic politics to safeguard what it considers national security interests .
This has led to the sacking of several elected governments , analysts say .
Mr Qureshi made the disclosure to the media in his home city of Multan on Sunday .
The news was welcomed in political circles .
Civilian control rejected A senior security official , requesting anonymity , told the BBC Urdu service on Monday : " The ISI is changing , it wants to keep out of politics and concentrate on counter - intelligence . "
However the official said that the wing had only been rendered inactive and its staff had not been given any new assignments .
[ The ISI ] is not screening ministers and governors for their eligibility anymore
Senior security official Historians say the ISI has been heavily involved in Pakistani politics since the 1950s , when the bureaucracy and the military emerged as the top power brokers .
But its activities to engineer domestic politics became more pronounced in the 1980s and 1990s .
The service is widely believed to have created an anti-Pakistan People 's Party alliance before the 1988 general elections to ensure that the PPP , which it considered to be a security threat , would not win a comfortable majority .
Lt Gen Pasha was appointed ISI head in September In 1996 , two ex-military politicians placed documents before the Supreme Court suggesting that the ISI funded anti-PPP factions before the 1990 elections , but the case never reached a verdict .
The ISI is also believed to have created a pro-army faction of the Pakistan Muslim League which came to power after the 2002 elections .
The ISI is also reputed to have been given the final say on the appointments of ministers and governors under political governments .
The senior security official confirmed on Monday that the ISI was " not screening ministers and governors for their eligibility anymore " .
Western powers have recently blamed some in the ISI for offering clandestine support to Taleban militants to destabilise Afghanistan .
An attempt by this year 's elected government to bring the service under civilian control backfired due to resistance from military circles .
It had to withdraw a move to place the ISI under the interior ministry .
ISI insiders believe the agency 's over - indulgence in politics has cost the service the trust of the public .
Nevertheless , analysts say that if the political wing is not actually disbanded , the threat of its revival will remain .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Even eight arms may not be enough to keep up with this brood :
After laying eggs two months ago , an octopus at the Ocean Institute in Dana Point has 300 tiny hatchlings .
The rice - grain - size baby octopuses have spent their first days of life floating around their tank and eating brine shrimp , said chief aquarium biologist Julianne E. Steers .
Now 4 millimeters long -- a little more than an eighth of an inch -- the creatures can grow up to 3 feet and live for about two years .
Their mother , a two - spot octopus native to the California coast , is nearing the end of her life cycle .
The species is named for the circular blue spots on the sides of the head .
Steers caught the hardy two - spot in September 2007 under a scientific permit to use it in educational programs at the institute .
She did n’t know if the female ’s eggs were fertilized , and the octopus has had no male companionship since she arrived at the nonprofit institute , which is dedicated to ocean education .
The creature can store male sperm for a year or more .
Advertisement
In the wild , just a handful of the young octopuses would survive ; Steers is hoping that about 30 of the institute ’s hatchlings will make it to adulthood , when they will graduate to eating crabs and other crustaceans .
Their mother -- unnamed , as are all the animals at the institute -- tended the eggs faithfully , cleaning and aerating them , without stopping to feed herself , Steers said .
And she did n’t have time for her usual entertainment : unscrewing jars to find treats , dismantling Mrs. Potato Head toys and taking apart Legos .
The hatching began Monday and has continued much of the week , with the mother hovering protectively during the process .
Advertisement
--
susannah.rosenblatt@latimes.com
at the idea that the HOUSING BUBBLE would burst and that we would have a recession .
Peter Schiff is almost laughed off the air when he predicts that the housing bubble will burst and banks will stop lending , pushing the US and World markets into a deep recession .
The fault - finding light of the Costco Supercenter in Marina Del Rey illuminated all the pock - marks and acne on the face of my pubescent supervisor .
His name was Tony , and he smelled like a mixture of liniment and vaginal secretions .
We stood in front of a table at the endcap of the Juice aisle , like two torpid dicks pissing in the wind , pathetic and wet from mixing up the Zipfizz .
For those of you not aware of Zipfizz , it ’s a synthetic powdery substance that dissolves in water ( much like cocaine ) .
It ’s sugarless and contains an assortment of vitamins and nutrients that will leave you with a putative “ buzz . ”
The flavors suck and personally I ’d rather drink ass sweat .
After fifteen minutes of trying to convince corpulent customers to put down that 34 gallon drum of Hellman ’s Mayonnaise and buy our product , I began to get sick .
Not physically ill like the queasiness that precedes the shits , more like I could feel part of my soul leaving my body .
I know now , the loss I felt that day was my dignity .
I had reached a new low , if standing there in a warehouse full of the country ’s unhealthiest products sold in bulk quantities at reduced prices was n’t enough , the fact that I was pushing Zipfizz on L.A. ’s finest - the vain , the pretentious , the narcissistic - in a hairnet , rubber gloves , and a Zipfizz T - shirt was .
Even my peers turned against me .
The handheld forklift operator - the white dude with the corn rows , the belly fat , and the Fubu jeans - ogled me with contempt .
I was subhuman .
But in that moment of despair , I had an interesting realization : it was amazing how many free samples of an energy drink I could feed a child before their parent ( s ) realized it .
From then on my mission was clear , disburse as many samples as possible to those greedy little mouths .
In essence , I was producing an army of human time bombs .
And , the thought of those wired up little mongrels going home and suddenly raising hell for their negligent parents after that “ 5 hour energy boost ” kicked in , put an insidious grin on my face .
Take that fuckers !
Apple ’s Apples … Talk About Geek Fruit
I have known for years that the iPhone was extremely popular in Japan , especially with the number of requests I got from friends asking me to send them one .
However , one very avid Apple fan , decided to show his love for the iPod and Apple in a different way .
An owner of a Fuji apple orchard printed up custom stickers of iPods and the Apple logo .
He then put the stickers on his Fuji apples while they were still young and on the trees .
A month later after the apples had matured , he removed the stickers .
As you can see the lack of sun reaching the apple cause them to keep the stickers original design .
No word as to what was done with the box of Geek Apples , but they did say they were quite delicious .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
OTL : The Worst Year Ever
EATTLE --
It is early June and Lorin Sandretzky is where so many of his beloved Seattle teams will spend 2008 : flat on his back and in dire need of medical help .
Big Lo is Seattle 's biggest sports fan , both figuratively ( local stores sell his Super Fan action figure ) and literally ( he stands 6 - foot - 8 and has weighed as much as 500 pounds ) .
In fact , he is so big a fan that the only reason he has never worn a Mariners replica jersey is because the team has never made one large enough to fit him .
Scott Cohen / US
Presswire Lorin Sandretzky 's first surgery in May laid him so low , friend Bryan Murphy says , " It was like it was n't really him -- it was a shell .
There was none of his enthusiasm , none of his personality .
We 're so used to seeing Lo so positive and cheering everyone . ''
At the moment , however , he is in Seattle 's Harborview Medical Center and his kind face is twisted in pain .
Following two emergency surgeries in the past three weeks , IV needles prick Lo 's massive biceps , while five ulcerated abscesses , including a horrific one that is 6 ½ inches long , 4 inches wide and 4 inches deep , disfigure his swollen left leg .
He has severe Type I diabetes , but no job and no medical insurance .
But he does have hope .
Amid all this misery ( will he lose his leg ? ) , one thought keeps Big Lo focused on the positive , one thought keeps him motivated to fight through the pain and anguish :
The Mariners are due back from a road trip .
" My thought throughout it was to go to a Mariners game and to do what I had to do to get better , " he says .
" That kept me going .
That I could go to a Mariners game . "
You know a city is having a bad year when its biggest fan is forced to draw inspiration from the possibility of watching Jose Vidro , Willie Bloomquist and Richie Sexson play the last - place Washington Nationals .
The thing is , though , Seattle 's sports year is n't even that bad yet as Big Lo lies in the hospital with summer approaching .
The Mariners are n't even halfway to becoming the first team to lose 100 games with a payroll of more than $ 100 million , nor have they fired their first manager of the season , let alone their second .
The Washington Huskies have yet to suffer a single one of their historic 12 losses or fire their coach or get called for delay of game on their first play from scrimmage .
( Delay of game on your first offensive play of a game -- how is that possible ?
What , did Kenny G play the national anthem ? )
The preseason magazines hitting the newsstands are picking the Seahawks to win the NFC West for the fifth straight year , not lose 11 games ( and counting ) on the way to saying goodbye to their coach , Mike Holmgren .
And most importantly , the SuperSonics trial over their lease has yet to begin , so there still is hope they will remain in Seattle rather than move to Oklahoma @$&%ing City .
So it 's probably best Big Lo finds himself in the hospital in June before the year really gets bad for Seattle , before the year repeatedly reduces him to tears and before he starts routinely asking , " Did we do something wrong ? "
It 's also probably best that he does n't know the Mariners will come home and get swept by the Nationals .
Rod Mar for ESPN.com
As Seattle 's biggest sports fan , Big Lo has had his loyalty tested in 2008 -- but he 's not about to abandon his teams .
Worse , even , than Cleveland
" This is what I call the ' What the Hell ? ' season , " Big Lo will say months later .
" Everything that happens is ' What the Hell ?. '
The Sonics are moving .
What the Hell ?
The Mariners are losing .
What the Hell ?
The Seahawks are 2 - 8 . What THE HELL ? ' "
My , oh , my .
What the hell did Seattle do to deserve 2008 anyway ?
AP Photo / Ted S. Warren
In happier times , Big Lo and his pals celebrated Seattle 's Super Bowl run in January 2006 .
Just do n't ask them about what happened in Detroit .
Has any city ever endured a year in sports like the one the Emerald City is just completing ?
A 101 - loss , last - place baseball season , despite a payroll of $ 117 million ; a 62 - loss , last - place NBA season ; a 12 - loss , last - place college football season ( the first 0 - 12 season in the history of the Pac - 10 ) ; an 11 - loss ( and counting ) NFL season ; four coaching / managerial changes ; one general manager dismissal ; and , of course , the hijacking of its basketball team to Oklahoma @$&%ing City .
Sure , other cities have lost their teams or endured epic losing seasons , but for it all to happen in one calendar year ?
To end December without a single head coach or manager who was employed in January returning for the next year ?
It 's enough to make Seattle fans feel as if Cleveland fans have had it good .
As bad as it was for Cleveland when it lost the Browns in 1995 , at least the Indians reached the World Series that year .
And this is the thing .
We 're not talking about a city such as Boston or New York or Los Angeles blessed with multiple championships in various sports over the years .
The Mariners are the only active team which has been in one city to have never reached the World Series .
The Seahawks have been to one Super Bowl ( beaten in 2006 by the Steelers -- and , as Big Lo will tell you , by the refs ) .
The Sonics were the city 's only team to win a major pro title ( 1979 ) and have reached the NBA Finals three times , but now they 're gone .
The depth of this year 's misery struck a friend in the gut most painfully when ESPN ranked the cities that have suffered the longest since winning a major pro championship and left Seattle off the list .
He was about to complain when he noticed the fine print : " The rankings were only for cities with at least three big league teams . "
Yeah , but Seattle HAS three teams .
Oh , wait .
Yeah .
That 's right .
...
Aw , # % @& -- never mind .
Rod Mar for ESPN.com
As Captain Husky , Barry Erickson spelled out a lot of " L's " during Washington 's winless season .
What was the year 's lowest moment ?
Was it when the Mariners -- picked by some to win the World Series -- used a third - string catcher as a pitcher with the game tied ( or when he was nearly as effective as Carlos Silva , the pitcher they signed for $ 44 million ) ?
Was it when the Cowboys sacked Seahawks quarterback Matt Hasselbeck seven times on Thanksgiving Day ?
Was it when an e-mail from Clay Bennett was made public in which the new Sonics owner wrote he was " a man possessed " with moving the team to Oklahoma ?
Was it when the refs flagged Husky quarterback Jake Locker 15 yards for unsportsmanlike conduct after he tossed the football in the air to celebrate a last - second touchdown against BYU in early September and the arthritic UW kicker missed the subsequent extra - point attempt that would 've tied the game ?
The absolute lowest moment ?
Hell , Barry Erickson , aka , Captain Husky , says he's had four or five absolute lowest moments -- and that 's just with UW football .
" It is strange to think how spoiled we were when we were winning , " says Erickson , who has performed a team spell - out while wearing his Captain Husky superhero costume at every UW home football game for the past 23 years .
" Maybe I took it for granted then , too .
Now , if we beat Oregon State or Arizona , I 'm going to relish that win .
...
Did you ever think you would relish a win over Oregon State or Arizona ? "
And bear in mind , Erickson was saying that before the Huskies somehow blew a lead with the ball and a minute remaining and lost to 1 - 10 Washington State in the annual Apple Cup , the one game Husky fans had felt confident they would win .
" It 's a mystifying year for Seattle , " Big Lo says .
Getty Images
The 2008 season has stunk for the Seahawks , who were undone by injuries and are currently 4 - 11 .
Blue , screwed and tattooed
Months have passed since Big Lo checked out of the hospital but on a brilliant , sunny November afternoon , he is feeling another needle in the flesh :
He is getting tattoos of Seahawks quarterback Matt Hasselbeck and fullback Leonard Weaver to join the one of safety Jordan Babineaux .
Rod Mar for ESPN.com Big
Lo says he would like to turn his memorabilia collection into Seattle 's official sports Hall of Fame .
As he text - messages former Sonic / current Thunder power forward Nick Collison from the Derm F/X tattoo shop south of Seattle , the question is not why a 42 - year - old man who once had a flesh - eating virus and whose abscesses are still healing on his lower left leg would get tattoos of three Seahawks on his lower right leg .
No , the question is why it took Big Lo this long to do so .
It 's not as if he is tattoo shy .
In fact , the UPC barcode for his action figure is tattooed across the back of his broad , fleshy neck .
" I had the woman in the store scan me to see if it works , " he says .
" And it did .
She scanned it , and it came up $ 12.95 .
I guess that 's what I 'm worth . "
The Seahawks are smack in the middle of a six - game losing streak and their second - worst season ever , but when you are Seattle 's biggest sports fan , that 's all the more reason to get the tattoos now .
Anyone can show support when the team is winning .
The mark of true fans is showing support when their teams are losing .
And , boy , has this season provided that opportunity .
Indeed , while Lo is getting tattooed , the Mariners are introducing their third manager of 2008 .
What will happen when the three players leave the Seahawks , as they inevitably must ?
Not to worry .
Big
Lo is uncompromisingly loyal .
Unlike all those Seattle fans who turned against Shaun Alexander when he went from NFL MVP to the most - heckled athlete in Seattle in less than two years , Lo never gives up on a player .
He is like a dog .
Treat him as poorly as you want -- kick him , stop feeding him , draft Robert Swift in the first round -- it does n't matter .
Once Big
Lo is your fan , he 's your fan for life .
" You come to Seattle , you 're part of us , " he says .
" Once you bleed Seattle colors you 're a member of the family . "
So it does n't matter if the players leave Seattle ; Big Lo 's loyalty is as permanent as the tattoo ink artist Cody Hart is carefully applying to his beefy leg .
" When a player leaves , it 's not like they 're quitting on you , they 're just taking a business opportunity , " Big Lo says .
" It 's the business of being a fan . "
Otto Greule Jr/Getty Images Seahawks safety Jordan Babineaux got a lift from Big Lo following Seattle 's win over St. Louis in September .
Babineaux 's likeness has been inked permanently on Lo 's flesh .
And Big
Lo takes the business of being a fan very seriously indeed .
He says he has n't missed a Seahawks game in 18 years and missed fewer than a dozen Sonics games in their final 17 .
He estimates he missed 20 Mariners games this year , but he had a good reason -- he was in the hospital for many .
His sports memorabilia collection is a veritable Seattle sports Hall of Fame , filling almost every available inch of his home from wall - to - wall and floor - to - ceiling with everything from Sedale Threat 's game - worn shoes to the goalpost padding from the old Kingdome .
He rarely goes out in public without a baseball cap on his head and at least one other piece of clothing with a local team logo .
His devotion does n't end there , though .
Oh , no .
He also used to drive to the airport to greet the teams when they returned from a road trip , opening doors and shoveling snow from their cars if need be .
One night he was waiting for the Sonics plane ... and waiting ... and waiting .
Saying he would wait " only a few minutes longer , " he nodded off around 4 in the morning and awoke to assistant coach Dwayne Casey knocking on his window .
" It's OK , Big Lo , " Casey told him .
" You can go home now .
We 're safe . "
There are limits to even Big Lo 's loyalty , however .
It does n't extend to watching the Thunder play on TV .
Big
Lo reviews all the big lows from 2008 and offers a tour of his Seattle sports memorabilia collection .
" I told Nick I do , but I just can 't , " he says .
" The Thunder invited me down to Oklahoma for their opener , but it just does n't feel right .
I 'm Seattle 's biggest sports fan .
I can't go somewhere and root for a team that is n't mine anymore . "
That 's the problem with professional sports , though .
You can root for a team all your life , miss so few home games you can count them on your fingers , greet the team at the airport and shovel snow from their cars , but the team is n't really yours .
Oh , the team relies on your loyalty ; in fact , it demands your loyalty , reaps staggering profits from your loyalty -- $ 149 for a Jose Vidro alternate jersey ? -- but it is always owned by some billionaire who seems to have forgotten the Sonics ' 1979 championship parade through downtown ( say , Starbucks owner Howard Schultz ) but buys the team only to sell it a couple years later for a fantastic $ 150 million profit to some other billionaire with absolutely no attachment to the team or the city ( say , Clay Bennett ) who immediately demands taxpayers build him a new $ 500 million arena even though the city already has rebuilt the current arena to a previous owner 's exact specifications barely a decade ago .
He and the league 's commissioner ( say , David Stern ) argue the team is so important to the city 's image , its citizens and its livelihood that the new owner deserves a half - billion dollar arena to keep the franchise in the city where it won a championship , where it played Michael Jordan 's Bulls in another NBA Finals , where it has called home your entire existence .
And when the new owner does n't get the new arena , he 'll go to court to break his lease , testifying that what he really meant before is that the team does n't mean much to the city or you at all , that your quality of life does n't hinge on a dozen basketball players and that he should be able to move the team to Oklahoma despite a contract he signed that specifically states he cannot .
And the city 's mayor ( say , Greg Nickels ) , who admits during the trial over the lease that he has attended only one game in his seven years in office , works out some incomprehensible settlement that allows the owner to move the team for $ 45 million , not one cent of which goes to you or any of the other fans who invested your money and your hearts into the franchise under the naive idea that doing so made it yours .
" There were 41 years of legacy and tradition here , " says announcer Kevin Calabro , the voice of the Sonics for more than two decades , " and it was just ripped out of the city 's throat . "
So , no , it 's not surprising at all that Big Lo is tattooing three Seahawks into his flesh , regardless of the health considerations ( " My doctor was n't real crazy about the idea " ) .
These tattoos are truly his and an owner will relocate them only over Big Lo 's dead body .
And the same applies to the Mariners souvenir miniature train set in his home with the J.J. Putz car and the Mariner Moose caboose .
AP photos When Howard Schultz sold the team to Clay Bennett ( from left , top left photo ) , and Seattle mayor Greg Nickels ( top right photo ) eventually accepted a settlement offer , it left Sonics fans wondering what had hit them .
Despite all the losing , a healthier addiction
It 's the Sunday before Thanksgiving , and the Seahawks are just taking the field against Washington -- a game that will result in their fifth consecutive loss .
Big Lo ( who , as usual , arrived several hours earlier than the team ) is where he is every game , right behind the south end zone , Section 122 , Row A , Seat 1 , squeezed in between Sea Pimp ( the fan wearing the shocking green suit and hat ) and Bam - Bam ( the fan with the waist - length hair who bends down throughout the entire game to smack the padding -- Bam !
Bam ! -- lining the stadium wall ) .
Lo is banging together his D - [ FENCE ] clappers and shouting encouragement to the players .
" You 're going to win ! " he hollers with the faith and sincerity of a child writing to Santa Claus .
" This is your big day ! "
He is Seattle 's quarter - ton pick - me -up .
" He 's always there .
Always , " Weaver says .
" No matter what , ups or downs , bro , he 's in his seat , screaming for us at the top of his lungs , giving us his all .
He 's the most cheerful , loving , big teddy bear I 've ever seen .
I can't name a time that I 've seen him down .
And if he ever is down , I know he 'll be up when he comes to the Seahawk game , because he 'll be cheering us on . "
Just how bad was the sports year in Seattle ?
In a Page 2 parody , artist Grey Blackwell and writer Jim Caple provide the " autopsy . "
Big Lo's season ticket set him back $ 650 , which is a lot for an unemployed man who lives in his father 's basement .
He has worked as a bouncer at a strip club and a bartender at a sports bar but a near - fatal battle with a flesh - eating virus in 1998 chewed up his savings , and the current fight with diabetes has severely limited his ability to work .
He moved back in with his father seven years ago .
Such was Lo's devotion to his teams by that point that when then - Sonics coach Nate McMillan learned of his financial problems , he provided Big Lo tickets to every game .
After McMillan left to coach the Trail Blazers , the Sonics continued to provide his tickets and Clay Bennett even wrote Big Lo a $ 1,000 check this year to help cover his medical expenses .
It says something about Lo 's devotion to his teams that the owner who tore out his heart also felt reason to help pay for his treatment .
" I have nothing against Clay , " Big Lo says .
" Clay 's a businessman , and he did what a businessman does .
He bought something that he wanted to play with in his sandbox .
Howard Schultz is the one I 'm miffed at .
Why in the heck when you have local buyers ready to step up and take ownership did you sell it to a man from out of town ? "
There are probably wiser investments Big
Lo could make than buying tickets for sports teams that ( A ) , lose far more often than they win , and ( B ) , not only repeatedly threaten to move but occasionally do move .
But that 's not the way he sees it .
He used to abuse alcohol and marijuana , but he found a more satisfying escape in the local teams .
" I used to drown my sorrows in drink , " Big Lo says .
" I 'd try to cheer myself up with a bong hit , but I did n't need it .
I find such a joy in going to a ballgame , in energizing a crowd to root for a team .
It 's definitely my drug of choice .
It 's medicinal . "
No matter how much he has spent over the years , he says it all has been worth it for the memories and friends he has gained , both in the stands and on the field -- the highest honor for a Seattle athlete is to join those who have provided the message on Big Lo 's voicemail .
Hey , this is Gary Payton .
Me and Big Lo can't get to the phone right now .
We 'll get back to you if we feel like it .
Hasselbeck , badly aching from a bulging disk in his lower back , throws a pass that former Seahawks cornerback Shawn Springs intercepts to seal Seattle 's ninth loss of the season .
Hasselbeck limps off the field .
The fans , many of whom watched Washington lose the Apple Cup the previous day , exit the stadium quietly at the end of yet another weekend doubleheader of Husky and Seahawk losses .
Big
Lo , however , remains at his seat , chatting with the occasional player , telling one and all that the team will " get them " next Sunday , still supporting his Seahawks even as workers begin cleaning the stadium .
He is often the last fan to leave .
" It 's just the fact we get to go to the ballgame , " Big Lo says of what he gets out of cheering a team no matter its record .
" It 's being part of the atmosphere , part of the energy of getting players up .
There 's nothing else like it .
It 's just a great , heartfelt feeling .
Being at the final game when we won the Western [ Conference ] championship and seeing Sam Perkins climb up to shake my hand -- he gave me my nickname -- that brought tears to my eyes .
Seeing Michael Jordan playing in front of you .
That brought tears to my eyes .
... I could go on a whole day long about the times I 've cried at sporting events .
That 's sports .
There are tears of agony , just like tears of joy . "
Especially this year in Seattle .
Though not so much the tears of joy .
US Presswire Washington football endured its worst season ever , going 0 - 12 to extend a 14 - game losing streak .
The " highlight " of the year was Jake Locker 's late TD run against BYU ( lower right photo ) , but alas , a penalty for excessive celebration doomed the Dawgs .
The day the music stopped
A wet , gray November storm blows in from the nearby Pacific and over the Olympic mountain range , drenching Seattle with nearly an inch of rain by day 's end .
That precipitation , however , is nothing compared to the tears pouring down Big Lo's cheeks inside the Seattle Event Center , where a lone tuba is set up in front of a lectern .
If there was someone who was more of a fixture at Seattle sporting events than Big Lo , it was Ed McMichael , the Tuba Man .
Beginning around Ken Griffey Jr.'s rookie year in 1989 , Ed played his tuba outside Seattle games and concerts for almost 20 years .
Did n't matter the weather or the team 's record , he was outside on the sidewalk , wearing a goofy Dr. Seuss hat or a construction helmet on his head , a smile on his face and the tuba in his lap .
Chest heaving , Tuba Man serenaded fans as they walked by , earning a very modest living through the tips they tossed into a bucket at his feet .
He was an accomplished musician who had played with the Bellevue Philharmonic , and he could perform anything from " Louie , Louie " to " Jupiter ' ' from Holst 's " The Planets . ''
Every Seattle fan knew Ed's music and his slow , booming voice , everyone loved the Tuba Man .
How can you take your troubles seriously , how can you not feel happier -- even if the Mariners have lost 10 games in a row , the Seahawks are out of the race and the Huskies just gave up 55 points to Oklahoma -- when you hear a man playing the " Chariots of Fire " theme on his tuba ?
Rod Mar / Seattle Times Ed " Tuba Man " McMichael playing outside Seattle stadiums was as dependable a sound as " The Star - Spangled Banner . "
Whether it was the bad teams driving away fans -- Mariners attendance dropped to its lowest in 13 years and the Huskies played to perhaps 25,000 empty seats their final home game -- or the deteriorating economy , the Tuba Man 's donations were off significantly this year .
His brother , Kelsey , and sister , Joyce Baker , worried about Ed and encouraged him to get a real job and get off the streets .
" I 'm sure there were plenty of other opportunities for him to at least audition for major orchestras , because he was gifted , " Kelsey says .
" But he did n't want to leave Seattle .
I tried to get him jobs delivering mail , driving a bus , you know , a 9 - to - 5 job .
But not Ed .
He was not a conformist .
And I guess that 's what people liked . "
The night of Oct. 25 , five teens attacked Ed on his way home from Seattle Center , kicking him repeatedly in the body and in the head .
He died in bed a week later in his apartment .
" I guess it just fits in with the year and how bad the Mariners and Seahawks have been , " Kelsey says .
Seattle was shaken by the killing .
When Seattle Post - Intelligencer columnist Robert Jamieson informed the city about Ed's death in a column , readers flooded his inbox with e-mails of outrage and grief .
" He was one of the first that my wife and I announced our engagement to , " John Stockman wrote Jamieson in a typical message .
" He would always play , ' The Wedding March ' for us . "
Local radio and TV stations mourned his passing .
The Husky marching band formed a TUBA MAN spellout at halftime of the UCLA game .
And an estimated 1,500 people crowded the memorial service at the Event Center , where they wept and smiled , a tuba band played and the Seahawks , Mariners and Huskies honored Ed with jerseys bearing the name " Tuba Man . "
Kelsey was overwhelmed by the city 's reaction , saying he had no idea how much his brother meant to Seattle fans , how many lives he touched .
" The Monday morning I found him in his room , I was no good that whole day .
I wanted to die , " Kelsey says .
" But I pulled myself together .
I knew I had to get busy and clean up his room .
I went out and got some cleaning supplies so I could get there Tuesday morning to clean his room .
And as soon as I walked in that door at 7 in the morning , there was a reporter there .
We talked for an hour , and when we finished there were two more .
I talked until 3 in the afternoon .
That 's the way it was .
People just wanted to talk about Ed. It just blew my mind .
I asked , ' Why was Ed so popular ? '
The same with my sister .
' Ed just plays a tuba in the street . '
It was a shock to see what he meant and truly an honor to see that from the people of Seattle . "
Ed just plays a tuba in the street ?
No , he did far more than that .
He provided a city with its soundtrack .
As Big Lo listens to the tuba band and Kelsey 's eulogy , he thinks about all the times he had passed Ed on his way into the Sonics games and how now he and the team were gone , never to return .
" It 's tough .
There 's an emptiness there now , " he says .
" Ed meant a lot of smiles to Seattle . "
Icon SMI
The Mariners had a nine - digit payroll , but posted a triple - digit loss total .
Managers John McLaren ( top left photo ) and Jim Riggelman ( lower right photo ) were both discarded in 2008 .
The incredible shrinking big man
As it turns out , the first team Big Lo sees play after his release from the hospital is not the Mariners but the Storm .
There is some dispute in Seattle about whether the Storm 's 2004 WNBA title counts as a major pro championship .
Most fans do n't consider it so , maintaining it was n't in one of America 's big four pro leagues .
Big Lo disagrees .
He supports the Storm just as passionately as he does the other local teams -- he ranks them third ... er , make that second ... now that the Sonics are gone , below the Seahawks but ahead of the Mariners .
He attends almost all the Storm games , yelling , " Larry Who ?
We got Sue ! " for Sue Bird and " There 's a STORM COMING ! " at the opponents .
He owns a collection of Storm bobblehead dolls so complete it includes former coach Lin Dunn .
The Storm are a bright spot in a dark year .
Before Bennett moved the Sonics to Oklahoma , he sold the Storm to local businesswomen who are committed to keeping the team here .
The Storm also reached the playoffs though , in keeping with the year , the team lost in the first round after Lauren Jackson opted for season - ending ankle surgery .
So , this year has n't been all bad .
Mariners broadcaster Dave Niehaus , the most beloved sports figure in the city , entered the Hall of Fame .
Former Husky goalkeeper Hope Solo helped the U.S. women 's soccer team win the Olympic gold medal with a shutout of Brazil in Beijing .
The UW women won the NCAA cross-country championship .
Seattle University -- Elgin Baylor 's former school -- which is returning to Division I status , defeated its first D - I opponent in three decades .
Seattle 's new MLS team will begin play this spring with play - by - play to be provided by Calabro , who gave up his NBA gig because he just could n't abandon Seattle .
And not only is the Oklahoma City Thunder 3 - 25 and getting booed , co-owner Aubrey McClendon lost a reported $ 2 billion in investments in the financial crash .
Ah , sweet schadenfreude .
Courtesy of Archie McPhee Toys , Gifts and Novelties
The schematic for Big Lo's action figure is true to life -- but there 's a little less of the big man in late 2008 .
Big Lo , meanwhile , is enjoying a personal winning streak with his body 's health .
The once massive abscess on his leg has healed to the size of a nickel .
He 's working out five days a week .
His hemoglobin A1C level has dropped from 13.9 to 5.8 .
He was healthy enough to play in a Turkey Day flag - football game .
He has lost 137 pounds to go from a 60 - inch waist to a 48 , and plans to lose 100 more pounds , which would equal the biggest drop of useless weight in the city since the Mariners released Sexson .
" That 's as big a victory as any one of my teams has ever had , " he says of his weight loss .
" But I can't say as big as it ever will have , because we 've never won the Super Bowl or a World Series .
So I do n't know what that feels like .
But it will happen soon .
I have faith . "
Best of all , Lo 's shirt size has dropped to the point that he should be able to fit into the largest Mariners replica jersey .
" I could be depressed , but I live in the most beautiful city in the world , " Big Lo says , rooting on his city as vigorously as its teams .
" We do have the bluest skies you 'll ever see .
We 're an hour 's drive from the mountains .
We 're an hour and 45 minutes from the ocean .
We 're an hour and a half from one of the world 's most beautiful mountains .
And if you need a really good cup of coffee , we 've got it .
Just do n't make it Starbucks . "
What is most important for Big Lo -- and for so many Seattle fans , if they can only bring themselves to admit it -- is not that the Sonics left town in 2008 , but that the Mariners , Seahawks , Huskies and Storm are still here ( the Huskies might want their own $ 300 million stadium remodel , but it 's highly unlikely they 'll move to Oklahoma # @$&ing City ) .
And while almost all those teams had tear - inducing bad seasons in an historically horrendous 2008 , there is always next year -- " 2008 was n't so great , but 2009 will be mighty fine , " Big Lo says , testing out his latest slogan -- and the new year will be better if only because it can't possibly be worse .
After all , there is one less team that can finish in last place .
Jim Caple is a senior writer for ESPN.com and a longtime Seattle - area resident .
Join the conversation about " The Worst Year Ever . "
Sarah Palin admitted having gone off script Defeated Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin has said she hopes God will " show her the way " on any future bid for the White House .
The Alaska governor said 2012 was too far off for her to decide whether she would run for the US presidency .
Mrs Palin , who was accused of going rogue during the election campaign , also admitted veering " off script " , but denied harming the Republican ticket .
She has been touted as a possible White House candidate in four years ' time .
In a wide - ranging interview with Fox News , the 44 - year - old said : " I 'm like , OK , God , if there is an open door for me somewhere , this is what I always pray , I 'm like , do n't let me miss the open door .
Show me where the open door is . "
' Open door '
The mother - of - five added : " And if there is an open door in [ 20 ] 12 or four years later , and if it is something that is going to be good for my family , for my state , for my nation , an opportunity for me , then I 'll plough through that door . "
Mrs Palin admitted occasionally not having toed the line during the campaign , but added : " If I went off script once in a while , I can't for the life of me remember any one time where it would have harmed [ Republican presidential nominee Sen John McCain ] , or the ticket . "
She also said she neither wanted nor asked for the wardrobe costing at least $ 150,000 ( £ 96,000 ) that the Republican Party controversially bankrolled for her during the campaign .
" I did not order the clothes .
Did not ask for the clothes , " she told Fox News .
" I would have been happy to have worn my own clothes from day one . "
Dismissing reports that she had been unaware Africa was a continent , Mrs Palin said : " Never , ever did I talk about , well , gee , is it a country or is it a continent .
"
This week , Mrs Palin has also scheduled national interviews with other TV networks and she plans to attend the Republican Governors Association conference in Florida .
Correspondents say she has a range of political options , including seeking re-election as governor of Alaska in 2010 or challenging the state 's Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski .
There is also a possibility she could run in a special election for the seat of Ted Stevens , Alaska 's other senator .
His bid for re-election last week remains undecided , although he may be forced to step aside whatever the outcome after being convicted of corruption .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A federal judge ruled Monday that a lawsuit filed by an Islamic charity alleging that it was illegally wiretapped by the National Security Agency may proceed , and issued a stinging rebuke to government lawyers who have repeatedly sought to invoke the state secrets privilege to block litigation .
The case , Al Haramain v. Bush , is unusual in that — unlike the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's more publicized suits against the NSA and complicit telecoms — the plaintiffs in this case know that the directors of the Al - Haramain Islamic Foundation were specifically subject to warrantless surveillance , thanks to a government blunder that put a classified memo in the hands of the charity 's lawyers .
An appellate court ruled last year that the secret document had to be turned over to the government , and so could not be used to establish standing to sue .
But in an opinion issued this summer , Judge Vaughn Walker , who has been handling a spate of suits concerning the NSA 's super - secret " Stellar Wind " program , decided that the foundation could still seek to show they 'd been spied upon using public evidence .
On Monday , Walker concluded that they had met that burden .
" Without a doubt , " he wrote , plaintiffs have alleged enough to plead ' aggrieved persons ' status so as to proceed to the next step in proceedings . "
Blocked from using the secret memo , attorneys for Al Haramain assembled a timeline , drawing on FBI memoranda and Congressional testimony , suggesting that the government had been privy to conversations between foundation directors in which they discussed people with links to Osama bin Laden .
The foundation 's assets were frozen in 2004 when it was classified as a " Specially Designated Global Terrorist " group — a designation the government acknowledged to be partially based on classified documents derived from surveillance .
The Justice Department has repeatedly sought to block the suit by invoking national security concerns .
Urging the court to reject the foundation 's circumstantial evidence as insufficient , they argued that the court " cannot exercise jurisdiction based on anything less than the actual facts . "
But in language echoing previous rulings , Walker rejected that argument , noting that Congress had made specific provision within the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act for " aggrieved persons " to seek redress for improper surveillance .
A core principle of jurisprudence is that statutes should be read in a way that does not render any provision meaningless , and Walker reasoned that Congress would not have explicitly provided for in camera review of classified documents if the government could simply cry " state secrets " in the face of litigation .
For the same reason , he concluded that it had to be possible for plaintiffs to establish their standing to sue without relying on the government 's voluntary disclosure of classified information .
At times , a note of irritation crept into Walker 's even , judicial language .
At one point , he described the government 's argument as " without merit , " and characterized another as " circular . "
He also seemed impatient with the Justice Department 's refusal to provide any classified documents addressing Al Haramain 's specific claims for review in chambers .
" It appears ... that defendants believe they can prevent the court from taking any action under 1806 ( f ) by simply declining to act , " wrote Walker .
They will have to act now .
Walker is giving the government two weeks to turn over the secret document that launched the case .
Barring any surprises , his in camera review should confirm what we 've known all along : that Al Haramain was subject to warrantless wiretapping .
He also ordered the government to begin the process of securing security clearances for Al Haramain 's attorneys , which will grant them the limited access to classified material needed to participate in the case .
The government will have until February 13 to comply with that order .
They must also review documents related to the case in order to determine whether any can safely be declassified .
A hearing later this month will set the schedule for future proceedings in the case .
Could the Screen Actors Guild lose its grip on prime - time television ?
SAG , whose leaders are pushing members for a strike authorization next month , still represents performers on 97 % of scripted prime - time series , according to union officials .
But that hold may have loosened a bit Tuesday , when two major studios threatened to put their upcoming scripted pilots under an existing contract with SAG's rival performers ' union , American Federation of Radio & Television Artists .
Twentieth Century Fox Television -- which supplies 14 1/2 hours of prime - time network programming -- said in a statement that it's " considering shooting its spring pilots " under AFTRA .
And Warner Bros.
Television Group ( which has 18 1/2 hours on the air ) cited the " uncertainties created by a potential SAG strike " and said it was likewise " considering all of its options , " including shooting shows under an AFTRA deal .
So what 's it all mean ?
For starters , there 's obviously saber - rattling here .
The studio brass is getting increasingly chapped that the SAG leadership wo n't bend from its pro-strike stance .
So the moguls decided to unload a cannonball or two over SAG 's bow .
It 's probably not coincidental that they chose to do so the very day after union leaders endured an agonizing session with New York members that underscored SAG 's internal divisions .
Some members insisted on the resignations of SAG President Alan Rosenberg and his chief negotiator , Doug Allen .
A SAG spokeswoman noted that the number of network pilots is down sharply this year ( from 114 in 2007 to 78 in 2008 ) .
" We estimate AFTRA 's share of this pilot market is up around 10 % , and we are not surprised given the circumstances that there has been a small increase in that number , " she said .
( SAG and AFTRA spokespersons also sparred over the issue of whether existing series could be switched from one union contract to another .
But that possibility seems remote , as by all accounts it 's exceedingly difficult to make such a change once a show is under a contract . )
Already , a number of shows in development are under AFTRA contracts , including NBC 's cop spoof " Off Duty " with Bradley Whitford , Fox 's comedy " Sincerely Ted L. Nancy " and CW 's teen drama " Light Years . "
" I think everything will push toward AFTRA , " one top agent told me .
Whether SAG loses the battle over next year 's pilots or not , however , it may have already lost the TV war .
That 's because of the wrenching changes that continue to rattle the industry .
Traditionally , AFTRA has covered shows shot on video , while SAG has covered those on film ; both unions claim jurisdiction over material shot digitally .
While AFTRA was the dominant union in TV 's early days , SAG made great inroads since the early 1980s , when producers began striving for a feature - like look on dramas such as " Hill Street Blues . "
The unions have periodically weighed a merger , although nothing has come of such overtures .
These days , producers can get many film - like effects by shooting digitally , so the technical divide is less of a creative issue than it used to be .
That could mean a net loss in SAG 's prestige .
More important , though , is the changing nature of prime - time itself , which is increasingly shifting away from scripted programming toward reality , game shows , live sports and talk -- the cheaper stuff , in other words .
Saying that SAG still represents 97 % of all scripted prime - time programming is somewhat less impressive when one recalls that scripted shows are not exactly on the ascendancy on broadcast TV .
More than a third of NBC 's lineup , for example , is unscripted , and that percentage should rise next season , when the 10 p.m. hour each weeknight will be devoted to Jay Leno 's new show .
But here as elsewhere , if the SAG leadership is nervous , it is n't showing it .
Alluding to the 97 % figure of prime - time representation , the spokeswoman said : " We do n't believe that this year 's pilot season will significantly change that proportion . "
-- Scott Collins
I ’ve been working full time on an iPhone app for the last three months .
Realistically , I still have another month ahead of me .
Four months is nothing compared to projects for current game consoles , but it ’s pretty long for an iPhone app .
It ’s not like I ’m slacking off ( I swear that playing WoW has nothing to do with it ! ) , but it ’s a relatively complex project for an iPhone , involving 3D graphics , procedural geometry generation , custom user interface , and network access among other things .
Definitely not your everyday , quick iPhone app .
A couple of weeks ago , I decided to take a few days off from my project to enjoy the holidays with friends and family .
Of course , I could n’t stop thinking about the project .
Soon my thoughts turned to how much more I had to go , and how some parts of the development process were still unknown to me , like the Apple submission process , or making a build for distribution on the App Store .
At that point , inspiration struck , and I decided to use one day during the holidays to write a quick , one - day app .
That way it would n’t take any time away from my project and I would learn a lot from it .
And maybe , just maybe , I would make a buck or two in the process .
The app itself was a very simple tea timer , inspired by tea maker machines :
Enter the type of tea you want , the strength , and whether it ’s loose leaves or in a bag , and it starts a timer with the correct steeping time for that particular tea .
This was such a simple app , that it ended being exactly the way I had visualized the first time I thought about it .
Coding The App
Just coding the app itself was an interesting learning experience .
Up until that point , I had spent most of my time on the OpenGL side of the iPhone .
Tea Time ! on the other hand , was 100 % Cocoa Touch , so that was a nice change of pace .
Why did it take me a day ?
It ’s such a trivial app that I should be able to throw it together in a few hours , right ?
Not quite .
I had to deal with all the little quirks of Cocoa Touch , and get around the crippled functionality that Apple exposes in their API ( while their own apps use a different API ) .
For example , it was a bit of a letdown to see I could n’t add images to the picker control .
But my disappointment was immediately replaced with excitement when I saw how easy it was to subclass it and display whatever you wanted in it .
Unfortunately , the excitement gave way to annoyance trying to work around some of the bugs Apple still has on the picker control .
It ’s really frustrating not having access to the same API Apple uses internally .
I wanted to be able to turn off the iPhone while the timer was counting down , and have the device turn back on when the timer ends , just like the built - in alarm .
Oh no , ca n ’t do .
Apparently that ’s reserved for Apple .
Fortunately , the longest you ’re going to steep a cup of tea is 6 - 7 minutes , so I just disabled the power - saving feature of the iPhone so it does n’t go to sleep while it ’s counting down .
Even for such a simple application , getting a polished user interface in place takes some effort and time .
The Interface Builder allows me to throw a user interface together in a snap just to get the basic functionality up and running .
Later , I can come back and tweak it until I ’m happy with it .
Surprisingly , there are lots of things that the Interface Builder does n’t allow you to do , so a lot of controls have extra code to tweak some of their parameters ( increasing the target area of the info button on the top right corner , or setting the background images for he start / stop buttons , which require a special stretching pattern ) .
Looking on the bright side , it ’s very easy to combine a layout from the Interface Builder with custom code , which is a very important lesson for content - creation tools of any kind ( and one that a lot of game tools get wrong ! ) .
The rest of the coding time went into all the little things we do n’t usually think about :
Saving preferences , remembering the last used combination of parameters , getting the right splash screen , etc .
All in all , the coding was about a day ’s worth of work .
Creating The Content
There ’s more to an app than code and a nice GUI layout , especially if you do n’t want it to look like a boring spreadsheet : Graphics and sounds .
In my first pass , while I was coding the basic functionality , I just grabbed whatever images I found through Google Images and threw them in .
Then , once the app was pretty much finished , I set to replace them .
That ’s harder than it sounds because I ’m not a graphic designer .
I ’m semi-proficient at the Gimp , but that ’s about it .
I do quite a bit of photography and I love tea though , so I decided to take pictures of the tea I was preparing at home .
The main icon of for Tea Time !
is just my tea mug with the tea I was having that morning .
The images had to be processed in the Gimp quite a bit .
Tweaked colors and brightness , removed background objects , and even altered to fit the constraints of the GUI .
For example , the little cups in the picker are the same picture that was then carefully colorized in the Gimp to match different tea types .
For the alarm sound , I was hoping to be able to play the system alarm sounds that come with the iPhone .
But again , Apple lets us down by not giving us access to those ( Why not ??? ) .
So I hit a couple web sites with free sounds , selected a few that I liked , and tweaked them with Audacity to get the right length and sampling rate .
It was a really fun process getting all the content ready .
I really enjoyed it and it was a nice break from coding , but it sucked almost another full day of work .
So my “ one day ” app , was already almost up to two days .
But at least I was done now .
Right ?
Submitting The App
I had done ad - hoc builds before , but I had n’t prepared one for submission to the App Store .
So I had to figure that out : Create a new distribution certificate , create a new configuration in XCode , test it …
Not too bad .
Then I had to sign up for iTunes Connect and agree to a bunch of legalese non-sense .
It was all done online and really quick , so that was n’t a problem either .
Finally I was ready to submit the app and be done with it .
I had to write up a description , figure out the categories it would be listed under , take screenshots , and prepare a high - res cover art .
I get all that ready , I fill out the submission form , and press submit .
Done !
Oh wait , I get a message about not being able to get paid until I get a contract in place .
What ?
Apparently when I signed up for iPhone development that only covered free applications , but I needed to set up a new contract in place with Apple if I was going to sell anything .
So I had to enter bank ids , account numbers , tax information , and everything else .
Once all that information was in place , my contract was in “ Reviewing ” state , and a couple days later it was approved without any hitches .
Be warned that if you ’re not in the US , apparently you have to mail a physical form to them before they approve the contract , so the process is likely to be much longer .
Along with the price ( a very obvious $ 0.99 ) , I had to set the “ Availability date ” for the app .
I had read horror stories of developers who finally had their app approved , just to find it buried ten pages into the “ New Releases ” list in iTunes .
The guys over at Veiled Games , explained how the release date is a combination of when the app is approved and the availability date you set .
So I set the availability date to two weeks in the future and was ready to tweak it if necessary .
Are we done yet ?
Not quite .
The submission page wanted a URL for a web page describing the app , and I did n’t have anything ready .
I did n’t want to just point to a page in this blog , and I had been thinking that I should set up a company as a real legal entity for doing iPhone development and consulting .
Fortunately , I had gone through this process before with Power of Two Games , so it was relatively easy and painless , especially since this was a single - member LLC .
So the rest of the day was spent coming up with a company name ( Snappy Touch ) , registering the domain ( http://snappytouch.com), registering the LLC ( in the state of Oregon no less because it ’s a lot cheaper than California ) , installing WordPress in the new domain , and setting up a basic page describing Tea Time !.
Finally done !
Total time :
Three days .
Waiting And Waiting
But Tea Time ! was n’t on the App Store yet .
It had just entered the review process .
Now I had to wait for Apple to approve it ( or reject it so I can fix it ) .
I heard from other developers that the usual wait time was about two weeks , but between this coinciding with the new year , and Apple getting swamped with submissions for the holidays , I figured I would be more like three or four weeks .
Glad nothing was riding on this app getting out quickly .
A few days later , when I was checking out the info for Tea Timer ! in the Apple submission site , while it was still in review , I was shocked to see it was listed as requiring SDK 2.2 .
That made no sense !
I made a point to develop it for SDK 2.0 so every iPhone and iPod Touch user could buy it .
I made really sure I selected SDK 2.0 when I created the iTunes distribution build .
What gives ?
Apparently just building against SDK 2.0 was n’t enough .
I actually had to change the project settings to set SDK 2.0 as the default .
That ’s a sneaky one !
So what to do ?
I rejected my own binary and uploaded a new , updated one .
This one was correctly listed as requiring SDK 2.0 .
I was n’t too happy at having to do that because I ’m sure it put me back to the end of the line , but this is exactly the kind of thing I was hoping to learn with Tea Time ! in a no-pressure situation .
Waiting is no fun , so I made things a bit more interesting .
Since I had gone to the trouble of creating a legal company , I decided to change my Apple Developer account to be a company instead of an individual .
That way the company information would show up correctly in iTunes whenever Tea Time ! was available .
I figured this would be a matter of checking off a checkbox in my account settings , but apparently not .
I had to email the Apple Developer Connection support with the request , wait a few days for an answer , and then provide some legal proof that the company existed ( like the articles of incorporation ) .
Once I emailed those , they initiated the conversion process , during which time I was locked out of my account for three days .
What does it take to change one bit in my account record ???
Fortunately I had nothing else better to do than wait by this time , and it was n’t impeding any work on my other project .
Finally !
The very next day after getting changed over as a company status , I got the much - awaited email from Apple announcing that Tea Time ! was approved .
That was just a week and a half after my initial submission .
That was fast , especially considering I re-submitted the binary half way through .
I reset my availability date to that day , and within a couple of hours , there it was , in the App Store .
Mission accomplished !
Now , I get to learn about the sales reports , and , if I ever sell enough units , getting payments from Apple .
They wo n’t make a payment until you accumulate at least $ 250 in profit from a single territory , so I ’m not holding my breath for that one 🙂
The “ one day ” app really took three days of work plus a week and a half of waiting .
All in all , two weeks from idea to the moment it was available on the App Store .
The process could be faster , but it was n’t too bad .
The experience was a lot of fun , and I certainly learned a lot from my mistakes and what things to watch out for next time , when it really counts .
This was three weeks into the Israeli invasion of the West Bank , the third invasion in six months .
The centre of Bethlehem was deserted , and the air was filled with the smell of meat and vegetables rotting in the refrigerator plants of the market , a market that had been comprehensively vandalised by the soldiers .
The smell joined with others , from the refuse that was tied in bags and dropped out of windows to remain , uncollected , in the street , and from drains that had been fractured by the weight of the Israeli tanks ; when it rained , as it did often that Easter , the raw sewage swilled out into the street .
The soldiers were young , armed and tanned .
In their wraparound sports shades , they looked as though they had come to the invasion straight from a skiing holiday .
But they shrank before Adam and Huwaida 's questioning : why were they there ; why were they choosing to follow illegal orders ; why were they blocking all attempts to deliver food to families who had been forbidden to leave their homes for the past 17 days ?
Ostensibly , I was doing the same thing as Adam and Huwaida : delivering food and medical supplies to Palestinians under siege .
I had followed my Palestinian wife to Bethlehem as she made a film about the International Solidarity Movement ( ISM ) , a coalition that Huwaida had founded the previous summer , alongside members of two Palestinian foundations with strong international ties , the Holy Land Trust and the Rapprochement Centre , one Christian , the other secular .
The inaugural meeting also included an Israeli woman named Neta Golan who already campaigned under the name ISM .
As Neta 's group comprised only three women , it was felt the new movement could adopt her name .
Adam was working for an American foundation named Seeds Of Peace which required him to keep out of politics , so in the beginning his role in ISM was , he says , " logistic " .
" I typed press releases and I helped with funding . "
Fundraising ?
As I ask , he laughs .
" No .
From my own pocket .
I was the only one with a job . "
The ISM was founded with the aim of strengthening peaceful protests against the Israeli occupation .
The feeling , back in 2001 , was that the presence of foreigners would deter the Israeli army from using lethal force and give ordinary Palestinians the confidence to take part in protests , a confidence that had been lost since the early days of the first intifada .
A year later , as we reflect on that Easter , Huwaida says , " We had planned all kinds of direct action .
We were going to be proactive , highlighting closures and planning on marches and dismantling roadblocks .
And then the invasion happened .
Even the international agencies were stopped cold . "
The ISM 's work became chiefly humanitarian .
" That 's when we started putting people into ambulances and calling up the army directly to say , listen , there are foreign volunteers inside those ambulances , " she says .
" Our work changed because the UN and the Red Cross were failing the Palestinians , " says Adam .
" Their mode of operation is to liaise with the Israeli army and if the army refuses to cooperate , there is nothing they can do . "
The invasion began on Good Friday , March 29 2002 , in Ramallah .
Adam and Huwaida had made their home in the city soon after the founding of the ISM and they woke , with the city lashed by storms , to find a tank parked outside their building .
Adam and an Irish woman named Caoimhe Butterly volunteered to ride the ambulances .
" The ambulances were being shot at , " Adam recalls .
" They were being stopped for long periods and ambulance drivers were being arrested .
I remember we picked up corpses and took them to the morgue .
We helped a pregnant woman and moved a kidney patient on dialysis from one hospital to another .
But we were hearing that there were injured people in the presidential compound .
So Caoimhe and I decided to go . "
When they got to Yasser Arafat 's compound , they were fired on .
" I picked up the megaphone and started to explain why we were there - that we wanted to bring people out .
That led to three hours of negotiation ... eventually , they let us in . "
Adam 's presence in Arafat 's headquarters was immediately reported in the American press , which led a columnist in the New York Post to label him " the Jewish Taliban " , after John Walker Lindh , " the American Taliban " who was discovered fighting in Afghanistan .
Adam explains that he and Caoimhe had never intended to stay inside the building ; they both planned to leave in ambulances .
But they were trapped in the presidential compound by the soldiers .
Overnight , the Israeli tanks pounded the building .
" There were more than 300 inside , officials and security personnel .
Food was running low .
There were elderly people with medical conditions .
The water was cut , the electricity and the phones .
The toilets were pretty bad .
The shelling was continuous .
No one inside returned fire , but they made clear they intended to fight if the building was invaded . "
Huwaida was on the outside .
" I had been thrown into a coordinating role .
I was asking myself , ' What do we need to do now ? '
I was trying to think strategically under extreme pressure .
I had utmost faith in Adam , but at the same time , it was very frightening .
There were all these armed men inside and he was saying that , if the compound was attacked , then it would be a bloodbath . "
She contacted the US special envoy , General Zinni , and the ambassador , Aaron Miller .
" I got through about two in the morning , and he asked me , ' How would it be if we could get Adam out , with no pre-conditions - would he go ? '
I told him , ' He went in to help people , so I do n't know if he would agree . '
And then we were told , ' You know , we can't help . ' "
By Saturday morning , Huwaida and Neta Golan had decided to stage a mass march on the compound by ISM volunteers , men and women who had come to Palestine to take part in the original programme of peaceful marches and protests , but who now found themselves in a war zone .
" We got an ambulance and 70 people together , and the march began at midday .
The soldiers stopped us , but eventually we compromised and they allowed in one ambulance and two doctors , and Adam came out and one doctor stayed . "
The invasion would last for more than 40 days .
In a second march on the presidential compound , Neta Golan and other ISM volunteers joined Caoimhe inside .
" The intention was to force a negotiated settlement , " Huwaida says .
" At this point , no other city had been invaded . "
That came two days later , with the invasion of Bethlehem , followed by Nablus and then Jenin .
Earlier , at a peace march in Bethlehem , an Israeli soldier opened fire on a group of 100 American and European volunteers , which included the comedian Jeremy Hardy , my wife and me , as well as the BBC and other news crews .
Most of the bullets ricocheted off the ground and surrounding walls , but a few , judging from the injuries they caused , appeared deliberate .
This was chilling notice that the ISM could no longer assume the army would not use lethal force against foreign nationals .
The official Israeli explanation was that the soldiers were firing warning shots .
As the Israeli momentum slowed at the end of April , Adam returned to America to publicise his work in the West Bank .
The trip home was emotional .
The New York Post 's description of Adam as the Jewish Taliban had been taken up by newspapers across America , and websites were decrying him as an apostate and a pig .
His family home was threatened by local chapters of Betar and the Jewish Defence League , groups on the extreme right of pro-Israeli opinion , forcing his parents out of their house ; meanwhile , his lawyer brother was put under 24 - hour guard by the mainstream Jewish Anti-Defamation League , to protect him from extremists .
Adam 's parents were unstinting in their support .
" My parents felt a general affinity for Israel , although they never went there .
When I engaged with the issue , it was n't a major trauma for them to find out what the situation was really like .
To the extent that the occupation is being done in their name , they are not happy and so they have become more active .
They genuinely want to see an end to the violence for everyone . "
Where Adam disagrees with his family , and the majority of world Jewry , is in his view of Judaism .
" I do n't identify as Jewish .
I see it as a religion rather than an ethnicity and , as I have no religious feelings , I do n't regard myself as Jewish .
I know many other people have a different understanding .
I am the only one in my family who sees it that way . "
Adam 's faith , or lack of it , was a concern to Huwaida 's father , too .
As a devout Catholic , from a small Christian village in Upper Galilee in what is now Israel , he had always made clear that he would not want his children to marry outside the faith .
And he was particularly uncomfortable with the implications of his daughter marrying a Jewish man .
He and his wife had left Israel in 1975 , when they were in their 20s , and despite his family 's entreaties , he had not wanted to return to live as a " second - or third - class citizen " , as Huwaida puts it .
" My father had not come across any Jews who defended Palestinian rights .
He grew up oppressed by a people who , under Israeli law , had more rights to his land than he did .
Adam 's family in America have more rights to his land than he does . "
The knowledge that her father could not look kindly on their relationship would cast a shadow from the beginning .
But the beginning had been a long time coming .
The pair first met at Seeds Of Peace in Jerusalem , where Adam was Huwaida 's boss .
He had worked for the foundation since 1997 , in New York , and when a youth centre was established in Jerusalem in 1999 , he took the job of director .
She began work there in 2000 as a programme coordinator .
" She did n't like me , " Adam says .
" She was kind of cold . "
" I did n't hate him .
Though he thought I did .
I think the problem was , we have very similar personalities , so we did n't seem approachable .
But I was never actually conscious of throwing him dirty looks . "
She pauses .
" You know , maybe there was an attraction . "
Seeds Of Peace is an American foundation that promotes dialogue between children from conflict zones ; initially those from Palestine and Israel , though it later branched out to include those from the Balkans and Cyprus .
After university , Huwaida had worked in Washington for an Arab - American lobby group .
She took the Jerusalem job with Seeds Of Peace despite some reservations .
" The problem is not that we cannot speak together , the problem is the occupation . "
She already knew Jerusalem well , having studied at the Hebrew University as part of her degree course at Michigan University .
And she had been visiting the country since she was a child .
Huwaida was born in February 1976 , the year after her parents emigrated to Detroit , yet she holds Israeli citizenship .
As Huwaida worked with Adam , and listened to him debate in meetings , he gained her respect .
It became apparent that he shared her views on the limits of the Seeds Of Peace philosophy .
And Huwaida 's own views were crystallising .
" It 's not that I did n't believe in dialogue .
But there was this desperate escalation and I thought people should take to the streets .
When I began to go on demonstrations , I had to promise to keep my name out of the press and my ass out of jail . "
And she was impressed with the patience and care he showed to the children .
" In my relationship with Adam , one kind gesture led to another . "
She recalls a convention in Prague for the children of the Cypriot conflict .
" We had to take a later flight and he offered me dinner .
I think he was shocked that I accepted . "
A week later , they were working late and Adam was upset over a work argument .
" I asked him if he wanted to talk .
He was surprised I cared .
That was the night we had our first kiss . "
From very early on , Huwaida had made clear that the relationship could not go far without their making a serious commitment : " There was the religious issue and I told him my father would not approve . "
But the tensions only added impetus to the relationship .
By this time , both had left Seeds Of Peace and were working full - time for the ISM .
It was June 2001 , Adam says , when he asked her to marry him .
Huwaida disagrees .
" He did n't ask per se .
It was late one night and I had dozed off when he said he thought it would be a good idea if we got engaged .
I came to just as he was asking me what I thought , and I said , ' That 's cool , honey . '
He was a little surprised , so the next day he asked again what I thought and I said , ' About what ? ' "
Huwaida eventually stayed awake long enough to understand Adam 's proposal and in July , when Huwaida returned to the States , she asked her father if he would speak to Adam .
She says , " At first he was opposed to even meeting Adam . "
Was she nervous ?
" I was nervous but I was also excited .
I knew my family would have to love Adam . "
As soon as her father agreed to a meeting , Huwaida called Adam in Jerusalem and told him to get on a plane .
" I was in Detroit for only 24 hours , " Adam says .
" I flew out specifically for that . "
Was it a long meeting ?
" No .
One hour , an hour and a half . "
Adam is circumspect about details , but Huwaida says , " I think my father had a hard time distinguishing between being Jewish and Israeli .
He asked Adam if he had served in the Israeli army and Adam said , ' No , I 'm American ' , but my father asked the same question in three or four different ways . "
Huwaida 's father was a long time giving an answer , under pressure not only from his immediate family ( Huwaida is the eldest of four , three girls and a boy ) , but also his family in Israel .
It was four months later that he finally gave his permission , and the two families came together for a Thanksgiving dinner .
Adam says , " After that , it really was not a problem .
They all just hit it off .
We got engaged two days later in a short ceremony at the church .
The priest said a couple of prayers and blessed the rings .
I had been told to agree to get married in a church and I said , ' It 's not a problem . ' "
The wedding was set for late spring the following year but , as the day drew near , it seemed that it might never happen .
This time , the problem was not Adam .
It was Huwaida .
He had returned to the US at the end of April for a conference ; she was still in Palestine .
" The last time we saw each other , I do n't want to say we had an argument , but it got heated .
Adam did n't want to leave .
He was saying , ' I do n't believe you are going to meet me for our wedding . '
I got very upset .
I was saying , ' Do n't tell me I will stand you up . ' "
Adam had every reason to fear she would not show up .
The wedding was set for May 26 .
By early May , the Israeli invasion of the Palestinian areas had resolved itself into two sieges : at the presidential compound in Ramallah and at the Church of Nativity in Bethlehem .
While Bethlehem remained under 24 - hour lockdown , the Palestinian coordinator of ISM was forbidden to leave his home .
The job had been taken up by an English woman , Georgina Reeves , who was doing everything she could to get food and medical supplies to the men inside the church .
" We had tried to get into the basilica before , but this time the coordination was better , " Huwaida says .
It was May 2 and Georgina had maps of the area around the basilica , including sniper positions .
In mobile phone conversations , the men inside the church agreed to remove their internal barricades and open the door as the ISM arrived .
The soldiers were caught by surprise and , while Huwaida and others blocked the open door with their bodies , a number of volunteers took the food into the church .
The action was a huge morale - boost for the men , who were hungry and often felt they had been forgotten .
A teenager who spent all 40 nights inside the basilica told me the cheering was so loud when the ISM arrived , he thought that Palestine had been liberated .
There were no further assaults on the church once the ISM was inside , but the Israeli forces attempted to arrest the remaining ISM volunteers outside .
" We sat down and refused to cooperate .
Then I heard this voice say , ' You have to go , Huwaida , this is n't the University of Michigan any more . ' "
She turned around and looked up at a soldier .
" He was an old classmate from university , and now he was serving in the Israeli army . "
After the arrest , the men and women were separated .
" We were cuffed and driven into Jerusalem , " says Huwaida .
The next day , assembled at the ministry of the interior , all those who refused deportation were thrown in jail .
For Huwaida , deportation was unthinkable .
Under Israeli law , anyone who has been deported cannot return to the country for 10 years ; and so long as Israel controls all access to Palestine , deportation would mean the end of all further contact with her family and her struggle .
Huwaida insisted she would leave only of her free will .
And she backed it up with a hunger strike .
The hunger strike sent Adam into a fury .
And as Huwaida had managed to sneak a mobile phone into prison , he let her know .
" Adam was telling me to give up my morals and get married .
My mom was crying every day . "
The problem was that Huwaida was even refusing water .
This could seriously damage her health .
Via the phone , her lawyers and her friends and sympathisers , Adam was leading a campaign to persuade Huwaida to change her mind , and after three days she began to accept water .
But it was another three days before she received written confirmation that her demands would be met .
She was not satisfied .
There were still eight Americans in jail .
" I demanded that everyone got the same letter .
Finally , they gave in .
They said , ' Now will you leave ? ' and I said , ' OK , I got a wedding to catch . ' "
It was only on the plane that Huwaida discovered they had reneged on their promise .
Two of the ISM volunteers spent a further 14 days on hunger strike .
At the end , one of the men could not even lift his head .
It seems that Huwaida was given the letter because of the legal problems involved in deporting her , when she holds Israeli citizenship .
" I actually made it back with two weeks to spare . "
Yet she and Adam continued to campaign , not least for the men left behind in prison .
" There were so many interviews and speaking events that there was still no time for wedding plans . "
" Huwaida 's parents organised everything and all we had to do was turn up , " Adam says .
" This was good and bad .
But it was mostly good . "
" The dress was completely last - minute . "
The wedding turned out to be far larger than Adam expected , with a sudden surge in well - wishers .
" I think there were supposed to be 250 guests , but more than 300 showed , " he says .
" Detroit Radio announced the date , and after that we had complete strangers turning up . "
" It was just a huge fun party , " adds Adam .
" Huwaida entered carrying candles , I just soaked everything in . "
Even a headline in the New York Post , Jewish Taliban Weds , repeating the old taunt alongside a photograph of their wedding , failed to spoil the fun .
Strange to say , when they returned to Ramallah after their wedding , Adam turned up in Jerusalem for a regular game of American football with American - Israelis and other Israeli friends , and they showed nothing but curiosity for his stance and actions .
The truth is , Adam is far from being alone .
The ISM in the US , at Huwaida 's estimation , is one - quarter Jewish .
Jewish volunteers on the ground in Gaza and the West Bank estimate that it may be as much as a third Jewish , a figure recently confirmed by journalists .
Yet since the invasion , the ISM 's situation has become increasingly perilous .
Caoimhe Butterly was shot in the same incursion that saw the fatal shooting of British UN worker Iain Hook .
Then , in a short period of time in Rafah , ISM volunteer Rachel Corrie and Tom Hurndall , a young photographer working with them , received horrific injuries .
Rachel died almost immediately .
Tom subsists in a coma .
Brian
Avery , another ISM volunteer , lost half his face after being sprayed with shrapnel from a heavy machine gun fired at his feet .
I ask Adam if he feels responsible as he treks across the US , speaking and recruiting on behalf of the ISM .
" Yes , I feel a responsibility .
But we do everything we can do .
We make contact with the army wherever we go .
We absolutely never sneak up on them .
We move in large numbers , making as much noise as we can .
We have started wearing fluorescent vests .
We have done everything we can do , but it is now that we have become targets . "
Huwaida goes further .
She believes that the Israeli forces have declared " open war " on the ISM .
In a letter to the Guardian last Saturday , Shuli Davidovich , press secretary at the Israeli embassy , implicitly denies this : " The Israeli defence force takes the utmost care to ensure that innocent people are not hurt during their operations against terrorists who deliberately operate from within civilian populations .
However ... in war , tragedies do happen , as much as we would wish otherwise . "
Huwaida 's fear remains that the killings have been " legitimised " by recent claims from the Israeli army .
A statement that a gun had been found in the ISM offices in Jenin was admitted to be an untruth .
Huwaida says , " We took them to task and they retracted . "
A more damaging claim is that two UK - born suicide bombers " posed " as ISM volunteers .
Of this , Huwaida says , " The idea that they gained any benefit by posing as ISM volunteers is ridiculous .
Since April 2002 , Israel has denied access to international peace activists . "
The men are said to have spent a considerable time in other Middle Eastern countries before entering Israel .
Adam asks if Israel intends to make the ISM responsible for everyone in the occupied territories .
" They had three opportunities to detect these men - at the Israeli border , again as they entered Gaza and finally as they left Gaza , " he argues .
" If the stories about the movements of these terrorists are true , it 's strange that Israel could not pick up on them .
Israel degrades its own security by maintaining the occupation .
They are stretching their resources , and it seems that security is not good . "
Adam and Huwaida , and their story , bring into focus a national debate in America .
And Adam thinks this will have a positive result .
He is redoubling his efforts to attract hundreds of volunteers to the campaigns the ISM is organising for the summer .
" With these kinds of numbers , we can be proactive and start to change some of the equations .
The war has made many more Americans say , ' You know what , we have to make a stand now . '
No government holds Israel to account for what it is doing to the Palestinians .
Without the ISM , there would be no internationals in most of these areas .
We simply have to be there . "
" I was uncomfortable about the press covering the wedding , " Huwaida says .
And Adam has a strong sense of personal privacy , too .
" But I tried to look at it another way , because people do find a positive message in it .
That we can live together . "
The problem is , they do not live together .
Adam was arrested in Israel last summer , not long after the wedding , and deported .
In the past year , he and Huwaida have spent only six months together .
" When we were planning our marriage , Adam said he was n't getting married to spend all our time apart .
But that 's the way it has happened . "
And while she calls it a minor sacrifice , Adam sounds less sure .
" In some ways , it 's easier when you 're there , because you are active . "
He admits to finding life without her very difficult .
" We communicate by text and email and phone .
But some days we do n't talk and that 's nerve - racking . "
" My mom asks about kids every day , " Huwaida says , as they spend precious time together in Detroit .
They have been touring the US giving talks , but today is May 11 , Mother 's Day , and they are at her family home .
" I just heard my mother say I had promised her kids for Christmas .
I was saying , ' When did I ever make that promise ? ' "
As we speak , their first wedding anniversary is a fortnight away , on May 26 .
Huwaida will be in the occupied territories .
Adam will spend it in Washington , working on his PhD in peace and conflict resolutions .
Either that , or watching his wife on CNN .
· Jeremy Hardy v The Israeli Army is at the Bloomsbury Theatre , London WC1 , at 8 pm on June 8 .
Tickets cost £ 7.50 ; box office 020-7388 8822 .
Former National Security Agency analyst Russell
Tice shed new light on the Bush administration 's warrantless domestic spying last week when he told MSNBC that the NSA blended credit card transaction records with wiretap data to keep tabs on thousands of Americans .
But Tice did n't say where the credit card information , and other financial data , came from .
Did the agency scoop it in as part of its surveillance of U.S. communications backbones , or did financial companies give up your records in bulk to the NSA ?
The distinction is significant .
Telecommunication companies , such as AT&T and Verizon , are embroiled in lawsuits over their alleged cooperation with the government 's warrantless surveillance .
If credit card companies and banks also provided information without a warrant , it 's conceivable they could face a courtroom challenge as well .
I spoke with Tice extensively in the spring of 2006 .
With Bush still in power , the whistleblower was considerably more taciturn than on television last week .
But looking back through the transcript of my interviews now , in the context of his new revelations , it seems clear that Tice was saying that credit card companies and banks gave the same kind of cooperation to the government that phone companies did .
" To get at what 's really going on here , the CEOs of these telecom companies , and also of the banking and credit card companies , and any other company where you have big databases , those are the people you have to haul in to Congress and tell them you better tell the truth , " he said at the time .
" Because anyone in the government is going to claim executive privilege . "
The New York Times broke the story in 2006 that the NSA obtained access to financial records in the international SWIFT database .
But that database mostly involves wire transfers of money in and out of the U.S. , not domestic transactions .
Tice 's comments reveal that the agency may have obtained bulk data on domestic credit card transactions as well from U.S .
financial institutions – all without a warrant .
I spoke with Tice for a story about a secret room at an AT&T facility in Bridgeton , Missouri that had the earmarks of an NSA data mining operation .
Shortly after Mark Klein , a retired AT&T employee in San
Francisco , came forward with information about a secret room in a San
Francisco building that appeared to be providing the NSA with a real - time data feed , two sources who once worked for the company told me about a similar room in the company 's Bridgeton facility that appeared to be doing the same kind of data mining at a much greater level .
Bridgeton is the network operations center for AT&Ts broadband services .
I turned to Tice for more details .
Tice had already publicly identified himself as one of the sources the New York Times
had used for its 2005 story on the government 's warrantless wiretapping .
Tice warned me at the start of our conversation that he believed our phone call was being monitored by the FBI and that there were a lot of things he would n't be able to discuss , on the advice of his lawyer .
Tice had been in the intelligence community since 1985 .
He entered the Air Force after finishing college , and went to work in signals intelligence .
After leaving the military , he worked as an intelligence contractor , then was employed by the Defense Intelligence Agency before taking a job with the NSA .
His unclassified resume hides all of this history .
" [ It says ] I deal with space systems .
Space communications , all kinds of space weenie stuff .
If it deals with outer space I 'm your man , " he said .
Do you have any connection to outer space stuff ?
I asked .
" I watch Buck Rogers . "
What follows are excerpts from my interviews with Tice , beginning with his explanation of one way the NSA 's data mining could operate .
Tice :
Say you 're pretty sure you 're looking for terrorists , and you 're pretty sure that the percentage of women terrorists as opposed to men is pretty [ small ] .
So you just filter out all female voices .
And there 's a way to determine whether the signature of the voice is male or female .
So , boom , you get rid of 50 percent of your information just by filtering there .
Then from your intelligence work you realize that most terrorists never talk more than two minutes .
So any conversation more than two minutes , you immediately filter that out .
You start winnowing down what you 're looking for .
Q : Without really knowing what it is you 're looking for ?
Tice : Right .
And if you can develop a machine to look for the needle in the haystack and what you come out with from having the machine sift through the haystack is a box of straw , where maybe the needle 's in there and maybe a few bonus needles , then that 's a whole lot better than having humans try to sift through a haystack .
Q : Presuming that the NSA is collecting data in San Francisco or data mining , what happens to the data after it 's collected ?
If they find actionable material in the data does the NSA pass it on to the FBI ?
Tice :
The NSA avoids sending anything to the FBI if they can help it .
If there is a criminal element or activity in the data it has to be determined whether it's passed to the FBI , or Homeland Security , as it happens to be these days .
When I was in the business , we all knew that the FBI leaked like a sieve .
So we were very hesitant to take advantage of the FBI on anything because you were liable to see it on the news the next day .
The FBI will compromise anything to get a conviction .
But in the intelligence community you do n't think that way .
We 're more than willing to let a criminal go to protect classified information .
. . .
Q : But would the info be passed to the FBI if it involved terrorists and national security ?
Tice :
Yes , they would .
And if it 's some big mob thing , they would also give it to the FBI , but tell them to come up with some other way as to how they got the information .
Q : Why would the agency need to be so secretive about the AT&T rooms ?
Tice :
The big reason why they would put the San Francisco operation at such a high classification level is to hide the fact that they 're breaking the law and to hide the fact that they 're breaking the NSA 's own policy .
It should be [ the sort of project ] that any NSA analyst should be able to walk in and have access to .
But to cloister it away where only a few people know about it means that it 's something they do n't want anyone to know about .
...
Say we 're doing that same sort of deal overseas against a foreigner .
...
More than likely anyone in NSA could potentially have access to that information .
It would n't be compartmentalized .
So if we set up that same scenario , even covertly in some frame room in Bucharest or something , anyone at NSA with a TS / SCI clearance could potentially look at intelligence reports from information garnered from that particular collection point .
So all of a sudden that same thing is being used here in the states and it's being put into a special SAP program – Special Access Program .
...
They 're extremely closely held programs that are super - duper clearance nonsense .
It 's what I specialized for the last eleven years or whatever .
Q : So you 're saying that San Francisco and this other room [ in Bridgeton ] reek of " super - duper " secrecy ?
__Tice : __Yes , it reeks of SAP .
Potentially .
For NSA to do what they did ... it means that they knew that it was illegal and the reason they put this super high clearance on it was because they were protecting their own hides to keep anyone within NSA from finding out that it was going on .
...
Let me tell you , the biggest sweat that happened at NSA happened when John Kerry almost got elected president [ in 2004 ] , because they were concerned they were all going to be thrown in jail .
They were all wiping sweat off their forehead when he lost .
That 's the scuttlebutt .
Q : Is it correct to say that , if the NSA is doing what Mark Klein says they are doing , that this would be a departure from the NSAs mission ?
Meaning that this would be the first time since 1978 or so when FISA was passed that it was engaging in this kind of activity ?
Tice :
That 's correct .
This would be an entirely new business for them , especially since FISA .
If you look at USSID 18 , the NSA 's bible on how it operates , the number one commandment of the NSAs ten commandments is You Shall Not Spy on Americans .
So when this was brought up , I assume by [ former NSA Director Michael ]
Hayden , he knew that what he was proposing was a violation of the fourth amendment and of USSID 18 .
And everyone at NSA knows this , too , because it 's drilled into our heads over and over again .
To get at what 's really going on here , the CEOs of these telecom companies , and also of the banking and credit card companies and any other company where you have big databases , those are the people you have to haul in to Congress and tell them you better tell the truth .
Because anyone in the government is going to claim executive privilege .
...
I just hope in the long run that ... at some point that the American people wake up and that this stuff is dealt with .
Right now ... do you know the adage about the frog in the water ?
That 's what we 're dealing with here .
The American people are the frog in the tepid water , and the temperature is slowly being turned up .
And we 're about to become frog soup , and the American people do n't know what 's happening .
Aristotle said that the biggest danger to democracy is not insurgency , it 's apathy .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing right now .
To a large extent it 's politicians doing CYA and doing everything they can to make sure that people do n't know what 's going on .
But to another extent , it 's the populace who is more concerned about Janet Jackson 's breast jumping out of her dress at the Super Bowl as opposed to what 's really important in this world .
Who cares about Britney Spears having her baby on her lap or all that nonsense that you see on TV ?
I 've done my constitutional duty .
I 've done what I had to do .
That 's all I 'll say .
Let the chips fall where they may .
I 'm out of the game .
I 've fallen on my sword .
[ Grey Cat ]
" You can count on me to babysit your kittens , Ma'am . "
" I wo n't let them get away with ANYTHING .
I 'll make sure they eat their lunchabuhls and do n't watch too much T.V. "
" They wo n't get out of control .
Heck , I 'll SIT on them if need be . "
Digging to China may be the only way out , Staci S.!
The Dunning - Kruger effect is an example of cognitive bias in which people who are worst at a task show the most illusory superiority , rating their own ability as above average .
{ snip }
Kruger and Dunning noted a number of previous studies which tend to suggest that in skills as diverse as reading comprehension , operating a motor vehicle , and playing chess or tennis , " ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge " ( as Charles Darwin put it ) .
{ snip }
Across four studies , the authors found that participants scoring in the bottom quartile on tests of humor , grammar , and logic grossly overestimated their test performance and ability .
Although test scores put them in the 12th percentile , they estimated themselves to be in the 62nd .
4chan for pseudointellectuals
A self - serving bias occurs when people attribute their successes to internal or personal factors but attribute their failures to situational factors beyond their control .
The self - serving bias can be seen in the common human tendency to take credit for success but to deny responsibility for failure ( Miller & Ross , 1975 ) .
It may also manifest itself as a tendency for people to evaluate ambiguous information in a way that is beneficial to their interests .
Self - serving bias may be associated with the better - than - average effect ( or Lake Wobegon effect ) , in which the individual is biased to believe that he or she typically performs better than the average person in areas important to their self esteem .
For example , a majority of drivers think they drive better than the average driver ( Kruger , 1999 ; Roese & Olson , 2007 ) .
4chan for pseudointellectuals
The Downing effect describes the tendencies of people with below average intelligence quotients ( IQs ) to overestimate their intelligence , and of people with above average intelligence to underestimate their intelligence .
The propensity to predictably misjudge one 's own intelligence was first noted by C. L. Downing who conducted the first cross cultural studies on perceived intelligence .
His studies also evidenced that the ability to accurately estimate others ' intelligence was proportional to one 's own intelligence .
This means the lower the IQ score of an individual , the less capably he or she can appreciate and accurately appraise others ' intelligence .
The lower someone ’s IQ , the more likely he is to rate himself as more intelligent than those around him .
Conversely , people with a high IQ , while better at appraising others ' intelligence overall , are still likely to rate people of similar intelligence as themselves as having higher IQs .
As the adage goes , ‘ The more you know the more you know you do n’t know ’ .
4chan for pseudointellectuals
Fascinating .
How is it that the least competent assume they are the most competent ?
Answer : their perspective is entirely relative to themselves , and they have made no attempt to overcome this and see the world from a quasi - objective view , the same one that science , history , philosophy et al can give to us -- if we 're smart enough to perceive it .
Smart people are aware of how small they are .
Dumb people are unaware of how small a role they play in life , and so tend to overstate that role , because Another entry affirms this : Individuals base their self - esteem on something they think they do well ; what it is ( or how well they do it ) is irrelevant .
They need some reason to justify their existence and think themselves worthwhile .
It 's a form of moral competition .
In a society that prized , say , competence over morality , this might be different .
This makes sense : dumber people have no idea what being smarter would be like , so can not recognize it .
Their only ability is to tear it down by claiming their own knowledge is superior .
' Everyone knows the sun revolves around the earth , you dummy !' This might explain hipsters , who will call you ignorant if you do n't know all about the latest Deerhoof album -- but will live in squalor , accomplishing nothing , and scorning those who choose to work hard toward intelligent or at least semi-competent lives .
Some ideas are discovered late in the history of a scientific discipline because they are subtle , complex or otherwise difficult .
Natural selection was not one of these .
Although compared with other revolutionary scientific ideas it was discovered fairly recently — Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace wrote on the subject in 1858 , and Darwin ’s
On the Origin of Species appeared in 1859 — the idea of natural selection is simplicity itself .
Some kinds of organisms survive better in certain conditions than others do ; such organisms leave more progeny and so become more common with time .
The environment thus “ selects ” those organisms best adapted to present conditions .
If environmental conditions change , organisms that happen to possess the most adaptive characteristics for those new conditions will come to predominate .
Darwinism was revolutionary not because it made arcane claims about biology but because it suggested that nature ’s underlying logic might be surprisingly simple .
KPMG ’s International Survey of Corporate Responsibility
Reporting came out over a month ago , but at 118 pages , it has taken me a while to go through it .
If you ’d like to check it out , download the report from the KPMG site .
But if you ’d like a quick summary , here are some highlights that stood out to me :
First , some good news :
The report says , “ Corporate responsibility reporting has gone mainstream – nearly 80 percent of the largest 250 companies worldwide … issued reports . ”
However , the continuation of that sentence says , “ … and an additional four percent integrated corporate responsibility information into their annual reports . ”
I ’d love to hear from an annual report writer or investor relations executive , because four percent sounds very low .
Maybe there is a good reason for a stand - alone report , but it seems to me that sustainability and social responsibility should be integral to corporate operations in the Twenty - first Century .
( I get ahead of myself .
The punchline of the KPMG report is that companies are not integrating sustainability and social responsibility plans sufficiently .
Many companies may report their plans , but very few declare their strategies and results . )
Back to the good news and encouraging trends :
Sixty - two percent of the 250 largest global companies disclose information about climate risks , and many are doing something to reduce their carbon footprints , such as reducing energy consumption or switching to renewable energy sources .
However , almost seventy percent of the 100 largest companies in each of twenty - two countries do not report on climate risks .
And what carbon footprint reporting that is done rarely extends beyond a company ’s own operations throughout the value chain .
Japan and the United Kingdom have the highest percentage of top companies who report on social responsibility and environmental impact .
For Japan , it is due to environmental reporting regulations .
In the UK , it is more due to consumer , media , employee and shareholder groups calling for accountability and transparency .
The US gets the “ most improved ” award since the last KPMG study three years ago , with 41additional top 100 companies issuing social responsibility reports .
KPMG ’s study is worth a at least a skim , in order to get a sense of what is happening on a global level .
We hear about the very worst corporate offenders and get press releases from the ones who have vowed to be responsible and sustainable .
Depending upon the day , and which type of story hits the news , it is very easy to get a biased picture of corporate behavior .
Because I do read all of the stories about sustainable programs and green ventures , my view was definitely colored rosie , and I was disappointed by the overall results ( while still celebrating the highlights ) .
My worry is that companies can easily greenwash their operations if they only report their intentions and are not accountable for results .
And , if they can offload poluting or exploitative production into their supply chain , then we have n’t really gained much by a company declaring its own operations responsible .
The Art of War by Sun Tzu , the most important and most famous military treatise in Asia for the last two thousand years , with side - by - side translation and commentary , cross references , and PDF and text downloads of the full book .
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society has said it achieved its aim of forcing Japan ’s whaling fleet out of Antarctic waters claimed by Australia .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
In a statement on its website ( www.seashepherd.org), the U.S. - based group said its ship , the Steve Irwin , had forced the fleet into waters off the Ross Dependency , which is a New Zealand possession .
Australia has declared an ‘ economic exclusion zone ’ , known by the letters “ EEZ , ” in waters off the coast of its Antarctic territories , and an Australian court order bans whaling there .
Sea Shepherd has said it is enforcing that order by pursuing Japan ’s whaling fleet , which is in the area for an annual hunt to kill around 900 whales .
However , Japan does not recognize the zone and says its whaling fleet is in international waters .
In the statement , dated Saturday , Sea Shepherd founder Paul Watson promised his organization would continue its pursuit of the Japanese fleet .
“ The good news is that they are no longer whaling in Australian waters and they only managed to hunt in the waters of the Australian Antarctic Territory for about a week before being forced to flee the Australian EEZ , ” the statement said .
“ They are now in the waters of the Ross dependency and the Steve Irwin is in pursuit . ”
Watson said this was “ bad news ” for whales in waters south of New Zealand .
Japan ’s Institute of Cetacean Research , which runs the hunt , has accused Sea Shepherd of “ eco-terrorism ” and of ramming its vessel the Kaiko Maru during a protest action last Friday .
Sea Shepherd has blamed the Japanese for the collision .
In a video of the incident released on its website ( www.icrwhale.org), the organization showed the crew of the Japanese ship warning Sea Shepherd in English that its protesters would be treated as “ illegal intruders under Japanese law ” if they tried to board .
During the last whaling season , two Sea Shepherd activists were briefly held on a Japanese vessel they boarded during a protest action .
Despite an international moratorium on whaling since 1986 , Japan justifies the hunt on the grounds that its whaling is for “ scientific ” purposes .
Much of the meat ends up on supermarket shelves .
The rise in bicycle crime in the capital is to be tackled head on with the formation of an elite new police team to be known as ‘ The Indifferent Squad ’ .
The highly trained force will be stationed at key points behind the counter at London ’s last few remaining police stations , poised to do a bit of paperwork on stolen bicycles the moment they have dealt with everything else .
‘ It was amazing to the see them in action ’ said TV producer Pat Farrell who is shadowing the Indifferent Squad prior to making an ITV drama on their tense and exciting work .
‘ At 9.03 am the call came in – front wheel stolen from a Marin mountain bike in Barnes High Street .
Immediately the shouting began ; Code Red ! Repeat ; Code Red !
Dave , get form 7b / 32 / b from the file , do n’t piss about , I want a biro , working , with the lid off NOW !
Kev , Bob , where are those bloody duplicates – Sheena move , we need back up pens on the other side of the counter .
I want the standard letter off to the insurance company by November at the latest ! ’
The theft from the bicycle turned out to be unusual in that the entire crime had been clearly recorded on CCTV and the thief had dropped his wallet in the act of removing the front wheel .
Not only did it have his photo ID , address and contact details , it also contained a piece of paper entitled – ‘ names and addresses of all the criminals who buy my stolen bikes off me . ’
The head of Indifferent Squad said ‘ Luckily the bike owner brought that wallet to attention of the Indifferent Squad .
Or we ’d never have been able to pass it onto Lost Property . ’
NewsBiscuit
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Researchers have found out what made the 1918 flu pandemic so deadly -- a group of three genes that lets the virus invade the lungs and cause pneumonia .
Policemen in Seattle wearing masks made by the Red Cross , during the influenza epidemic in a National Archives photo dated December 1918 .
REUTERS / National Archives / Handout
They mixed samples of the 1918 influenza strain with modern seasonal flu viruses to find the three genes and said their study might help in the development of new flu drugs .
The discovery , published in Tuesday ’s issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , could also point to mutations that might turn ordinary flu into a dangerous pandemic strain .
Yoshihiro Kawaoka of the University of Wisconsin and colleagues at the Universities of Kobe and Tokyo in Japan used ferrets , which develop flu in ways very similar to humans .
Usually flu causes an upper respiratory infection affecting the nose and throat , as well as so - called systemic illness causing fever , muscle aches and weakness .
But some people become seriously ill and develop pneumonia .
Sometimes bacteria cause the pneumonia and sometimes flu does it directly .
During pandemics , such as in 1918 , a new and more dangerous flu strain emerges .
“ The 1918 influenza pandemic was the most devastating outbreak of infectious disease in human history , accounting for about 50 million deaths worldwide , ” Kawaoka ’s team wrote .
It killed 2.5 percent of victims , compared to fewer than 1 percent during most annual flu epidemics .
Autopsies showed many of the victims , often otherwise healthy young adults , died of severe pneumonia .
“ We wanted to know why the 1918 flu caused severe pneumonia , ” Kawaoka said in a statement .
They painstakingly substituted single genes from the 1918 virus into modern flu viruses and , one after another , they acted like garden - variety flu , infecting only the upper respiratory tract .
But a complex of three genes helped to make the virus live and reproduce deep in the lungs .
The three genes -- called PA , PB1 , and PB2 -- along with a 1918 version of the nucleoprotein or NP gene , made modern seasonal flu kill ferrets in much the same way as the original 1918 flu , Kawaoka ’s team found .
Most flu experts agree that a pandemic of influenza will almost certainly strike again .
No one knows when or what strain it will be but one big suspect now is the H5N1 avian influenza virus .
H5N1 is circulating among poultry in Asia , Europe and parts of Africa .
It rarely affects humans but has killed 247 of the 391 people infected since 2003 .
A few mutations would make it into a pandemic strain that could kill millions globally within a few months .
Four licensed drugs can fight flu but the viruses regularly mutate into resistant forms -- just as bacteria evolve into forms that evade antibiotics .
By Sean Fraga
The Bus / RV entrance to Six Flags New Orleans .
The barbed - wire fence was added after the storm .
June , 2008 .
Interstate 10 curves up and out of New Orleans , looping out of the Big Easy and chasing the Gulf Coast towards points east .
About thirty minutes outside the city , just after the I - 510 interchange , a set of faded blue structures rises on the southern horizon .
These are the derelict roller coasters of Six Flags New Orleans , which closed in advance of Hurricane Katrina and has yet to reopen .
The park was not so much shut down as abandoned — sacrificed , almost , to the encroaching storm .
Merchandise stayed on shelves , electronics remained in place , and the logs in the flume ride were left stuck halfway up their plastic hills .
The sole preparation for Katrina seems to be a message on the park ’s signboard , still visible more than three years later : CLOSED FOR STORM .
The empty and overgrown parking lot for Six Flags New Orleans , with roller coasters on the horizon .
The property opened as Jazzland in 2000 .
Rides such as the Bayou Blaster and The Big Easy Ferris
Wheel were sprinkled through lands with similarly local - sounding names , including ‘ Cajun Country ’ and the ‘ French Quarter . ’
After low visitor numbers forced Jazzland into bankruptcy , Six Flags purchased the park in 2002 .
The park was rebranded as Six Flags New Orleans and expanded , but the expansion did little to improve the park ’s profitability .
Since Hurricane Katrina , the park has been derelict , with Six Flags claiming that insurance disputes are holding up the re-opening of the park .
The park as it appeared immediately after Hurricane Katrina .
Photos from the online forums of Theme Park Review .
Six Flags New Orleans was flooded by Hurricane Katrina .
After the storm , the park sat in water that was between four and six feet deep for several weeks .
After the waters had receded , the parking lots were used as a staging area for FEMA trailer distribution .
The trailers are still visible in the Google Maps satellite view of the park .
The Gator Bait Air Boat ride .
Since the storm , Six Flags has removed some ride equipment from the park , refurbishing it and deploying it to other Six Flags properties .
“ Batman : The Ride ” has been rebuilt as “ Gotham ” at Six Flags Fiesta Texas .
Awnings , light posts , security cameras , and other salvageable equipment has also been sent to other Six Flags properties , an invisible diaspora of amusement park ephemera .
The park ’s Main Street Square , just inside the main entrance .
More interesting than what Six Flags has taken from the park is what they have left behind .
The level of preservation is incredible .
Parts of the park look as if they were abandoned only hours earlier .
Stores , restaurants , rides were all still standing and unlocked when I visited this past summer .
An abandoned restaurant in Cajun Country .
In part , the park owes this level of preservation to its location in a desolate stretch of suburban New Orleans East , about half an hour outside of New Orleans proper .
There was some graffiti and some vandalism — coin - operated lockers , vending machines , and cash registers had all been forced open — but overall , there was very little sign of human presence or activity , especially recent activity .
In a merchandise kiosk , Tweety Birds and Scooby - Doos await purchase by children who will never arrive .
Get the Flash Player to see the wordTube Media Player .
Video from the park while it was active .
Video from the park while it was active .
Even three years later , Katrina remains the strongest presence in the park .
The remaining merchandise approximates how high the waters rose : Everything still on shelves was above the waterline .
The surrounding bayou has started to reclaim the park , and plants are encroaching on walkways and threading themselves through rides .
This part of New Orleans is sinking , at up to 2 inches per year .
In 10 years , Six Flags New Orleans may again be underwater .
I spent about an hour inside the park and covered most of the south side .
What I found most interesting is how the park is historically flat :
Most places , especially in New Orleans , have layers upon layers of history , capturing decades of construction , demolition , change , and reuse , each layer with its own story .
Six Flags has none of those layers :
The park is so young — barely 10 years old , and derelict for the last three — that it has very little history .
There was nothing before Jazzland but swamps ; the park came from the swamps and to the swamps it will return .
The ersatz theming of the amusement park heightens that feeling of emptiness .
Not only is there nothing here , but what is here is n’t even real .
An abandoned photo kiosk , with computers , receipt printers , and sample photos still there .
The future of the property is complicated by the ownership arrangement between Six Flags and the City of New Orleans .
The land is owned by the city , and Six Flags is committed to a 75 - year lease requiring it to operate the park .
Both Six Flags and the City owe money on a $ 25 million construction loan from the Department of Housing and Urban Development .
The Joker continues to survey his overgrown domain .
The city is loath to allow Six Flags to exit the lease , because it would have to assume the full burden of the HUD loan .
Other companies have approached Six Flags about buying the property , with grand ideas about a water park or a full - scale resort , but none of these ideas have solidified .
A look across the park ’s central lagoon , formerly Jazz Lake .
For the time being , the park remains caught in a post - Katrina catch - 22 : it is both too expensive to rebuild and too expensive to abandon .
Further Research :
The official Six Flags New Orleans website has carried the same message for three years .
website has carried the same message for three years .
Six Flags New Orleans has an unofficial fan site , SNFO.com .
The website has maps , forums , a comprehensive photo archive , and ongoing updates about the future of the park .
, SNFO.com .
The website has maps , forums , a comprehensive photo archive , and ongoing updates about the future of the park .
Recent Times - Picayune coverage , here and here .
coverage , here and here .
The park has spawned several tribute videos on YouTube , which show the park when it was active .
on YouTube , which show the park when it was active .
A collection of photos on Shutterfly , likely taken by a Six Flags employee , show the extent of the flooding .
.
A high - resolution satellite photo shows the park during flooding .
Ms Ok apologised for stirring up a controversy One of South Korea 's best - known actresses , Ok So-ri , has been given a suspended prison sentence of eight months for adultery .
She admitted the offence and the court suspended the sentence for two years .
The trial took place after Ms Ok failed to get the constitutional court to overturn the strict law that makes adultery a criminal offence .
In her petition she said the law was an infringement of human rights and amounted to revenge .
According to the BBC correspondent in Seoul , John Sudworth , the scandal has kept South Korea 's tabloid newspapers and internet chatrooms buzzing for months .
' Damaging to social order ' South Korea is one of the few remaining non-Muslim countries where adultery remains a criminal offence .
THE ANTI - ADULTERY LAW Enacted in 1953 ; initially applied only to married women Constitutional Court upheld the law in 1990 , 1993 , 2001 and 2008 But the judges ' support for the law has gradually declined .
The law 's repeal would require backing of six of the court 's nine judges - in the last case , five judges backed its repeal Hundreds of people are charged under the law every year , but only a few dozen are jailed Supporters of the law claim adultery undermines the social order , and say the law protects women 's rights in marriage
Its opponents claim the law is often abused as a means of revenge or securing greater financial divorce settlements ; and say in reality those who suffer under the law are most often women A person found guilty of adultery can be jailed for up to two years .
More than 1,000 people are charged each year , although , as in this case , very few are actually sent to jail .
The law has been challenged four times , but the country 's top judges have always ruled that adultery is damaging to social order , and the offence should therefore remain a crime .
In this case , Ms Ok was sued by her former husband , Park Chul .
She admitted having an affair with a well - known pop singer , and blamed it on a loveless marriage to Mr Park .
The 40 - year - old actress sought to have the adultery ban ruled an inconstitutional invasion of privacy , and in a petition to the Constitutional Court , her lawyers claimed the law had " degenerated into a means of revenge by the spouse , rather than a means of saving a marriage " .
But the adultery ban was upheld , and judges in Seoul have now given her an eight - month suspended sentence , and her lover a six - month suspended term .
" I would like to say I 'm sorry for stirring up such a controversy , " Ms Ok said after the court judgement .
According to a survey carried out last year , nearly 68 % of South Korean men and 12 % of women confess to having sex outside marriage .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
READER COMMENTS ON
" Al Franken 's Razor - Thin MN Senate Race Counted on Flawed Optical - Scan Systems "
( 63 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Styve said on 11/5/2008 @ 8:17 pm PT ...
There was almost an incident in Portland !!
Do n't know if the closeness of the race will require a recount , but no one is talking about that ...
Hell , we just got rid of that lying scumbag , Gordon Smith !!
See http://portland.indymedi.../en/2008/11/381941.shtml
[ed note : Cut and paste deleted .
Please read our rules , Styve .
Thank you . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... MikeDV said on 11/5/2008 @ 9:36 pm PT ...
Hi Brad , Great works as always .
The recount will be done by hand and is not expected to be done until into December .
Exit polls showed Franken up by 12 .
I know we have been told not to trust them , but could they be THAT far off ?
Check out the article here
My favorite part from the article : Coleman urged Franken to waive his right to a recount , saying that the prospect of changing the result was remote and that a recount would be costly to taxpayers ( about $ 86,000 ) .
" I just think the need for the healing process is so important .
... hopefully , you do n't have TV ads during an election recount , " Coleman said .
Norm Coleman really is a scumbag ... let 's hope this turns out well for Franken .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Emily Levy said on 11/5/2008 @ 9:44 pm PT ...
Al Franken ,
You are cordially invited to sign the Standing For Voters pledge : I pledge to use my candidacy , whenever feasible , to advance the preservation of democracy .
I will officially challenge the results of the election as provided by law if the combination of election conditions , incident reports , and announced election results calls into question the reliability of the official vote count .
Should another candidate be declared the winner in my race , I will wait until all valid votes are counted and all serious challenges resolved before conceding defeat .
You , and any other candidate for any office in this year 's election , regardless of party affiliation , may sign the pledge at StandingForVoters.org .
Note : StandingForVoters.org is a project of Velvet Revolution , of which Brad Friedman is co-founder .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Robert in Rochester said on 11/5/2008 @ 10:25 pm PT ...
At the polling place where I voted in Rochester , the machine into which completed ballots were to be fed was not working .
Instead , we were just stuffing them through a slot in a box .
It looked extremely insecure to me , and could have VERY easily been tampered with if someone was so inclined .
My nervousness was compounded by the fact that the man in charge had what I felt was an overtly partisan response to an old man wearing an anti-Bush t- shirt .
This t- shirt said " Bush 's Last Day : January , 20th , 2009 " .
The man in charge at the polling location growled that he was going to make the man turn the shirt inside out before he was allowed to vote .
I know that there is no campaigning at polling places , but G.W. Bush is not on the ballot ( thank goodness ) , and a Republican or an Independent could just as easily be happy to see Bush going as a Democrat , so it 's not a partisan shirt .
Anyway , the fact that this man was in charge of an unsecured box of ballots made me very nervous , and other voters expressed similar sentiments aloud as we paused at the box , wondering if it was okay to leave our ballots like this .
This happened at Jefferson school in Rochester , MN .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Sutton said on 11/5/2008 @ 10:42 pm PT ...
Mark Sutton host of Liberal Arts Radio here - we met in Denver and we did a phone interview a few weeks back .
I am on the ground in Minnesota now and would love to work with you on this .
I asked Franken what his election protection plans were on Sunday after his debate , and he state he had confidence in Mark Ritchie , the MN Sec of State .
Listen here :
http://www.liberalartsradio.com/
scroll down a bit
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 11/5/2008 @ 10:58 pm PT ...
Keep counting and continue to get the truth out there .
Thanks EVERYONE who cares about WHAT THIS COUNTRY IS .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... john harris said on 11/5/2008 @ 11:07 pm PT ...
it is totally absurd that the only way that a dem candidate can win is if they win by a landslide in order to make up ground for the 3 to 5 % margin of theft .
my guess is that absentee mail - in ballots and provisionals were also not uniformly counted .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Niles Davenport said on 11/6/2008 @ 12:17 am PT ...
Oh , I see their strategy this year : wholesale cheating a la 2004 would be too obvious and hard to pull off .
Therefore , spot fixes to limit the damage .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 11/6/2008 @ 1:04 am PT ...
In Bev Harris ' book " Black Box Voting
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 11/6/2008 @ 1:06 am PT ...
Comment got dropped .
Read the book to find out about GA .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... A. F. Smith said on 11/6/2008 @ 1:40 am PT ...
News from Oregon is better ...
http://www.blueoregon.co...8/11/celebrate-with.html
----------------
Alaska looks like a real mess , though .
http://soaelections.gci.net/data/results.htm
Anyone else have a problem with roughly 89,000 FEWER Alaskans casting votes in the 2008 Presidential elections than voted in the 2004 Presidential elections ?
Sarah Palin on the ballot in Alaska for Vice President , and 89,000 fewer Alaskans show up in 2008 to vote either for or against her ?
[ ed note : Cut and pastes deleted .
Please read our rules , AF .
Thank you . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/6/2008 @ 2:33 am PT ...
Barack Obama 1,573,207
John McCain 1,275,429
Franken 1,211,167
Coleman 1,211,642
Double check that those are the counts , but does n't that mean 360,000 less votes for the senate race than the presidential race ?
Anyone find that odd ?
Was there a 3rd party candidate or something ?
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 11/6/2008 @ 3:12 am PT ...
Willburr ...~
I never found him funny , his show on AAR was unlistenable .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... JohnS said on 11/6/2008 @ 3:59 am PT ...
Optical scanning methods have been around for decades .
We use them regularly in scoring tests .
This is highly reliable technology so either these machines are not well built or they do n't have the software process in place to catch errors .
One way to do this , for example would be to double scan each ballot and a program could easily compare the first and second scan .
If different , they could be compared and corrected .
This would take some unique identifier or same order of scanning involved , but it 's doable .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Carol Sterritt said on 11/6/2008 @ 4:14 am PT ...
As one of the first indie reporters to cover the Stolen Election of 2004 , ( See " We the People Do Not Concede " Coatal Post , January 2005 ) I find it ironic that Franken is in this situation .
He never wanted ANY VOTING ACTIVISTS or voting reformers on his show .
Andy Stephenson was constantly on Randy R.'s show on Air America .
He was n't allowed to go near Franken 's show .
Franken is also okay with keeping the corporation 's executives in the loop on our health care .
Boo on that idea .
Anyway , I hope Franken wins , and that this serves as a wakeup call .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Doug Glendower said on 11/6/2008 @ 4:16 am PT ...
Optical scanners are a joke .
So are voting machines , punch cards , hand counts , write - ins , and voice counts .
We should all have to drive to Washington DC , all at once , and raise hands and have the President count them himself .
It 's the only way to be sure .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... William Teach said on 11/6/2008 @ 4:21 am PT ...
Nice conspiracy theories , Brad .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 11/6/2008 @ 4:43 am PT ...
I think the Sec of State is a decent guy trying to do a decent job for his citizens , which is better than I can say for lots of them ... but that does not mean he " gets " how to make an election rock solid safe / clean .
First , the chain - of - custody of the ballots is absolutely critical to a recount , and I am not impressed from what I saw at my precinct / county .
In my county , Ramsey , the St. Paul metro area , a radio reporter doing a pre-election story mentioned there were so many ballots this election , they were stacked high in someones office .
There is a picture at this link http://minnesota.publicr...s_form_for_early_voting/
Ballots in unsealed , generic cardboard banker boxes , in what the oral radio report described as an election officials office .
Not a special safe room , not a vault but an office , which , who nows how well it is protected and of course , who knows at night how may people would have access to .
How easy is it to reach into one of these boxes and make some ballots dissappear .
And who knows what systems they have in place for counting the number of absentee ballots as they come in the mail each day , and for the chain - of - custody .
Lots of absentee ballots mailed to folks never get returned , so without strict recording , who would know if a few that were mailed in then did n't get counted .
In my county at least , these boxes of absentee ballots ( they seem to be sorted by precinct in the picture ) were sent to their precincts to be counted at the precinct and then appear to have just become a part of the ballots cast on the day of the election .
I went to my precinct at the end of day and after printing the poll - tape from the optical scan machine , they took out two stacks of ballots and put into two similar cardboard bankers boxes , one stack was the general ballots , and one stack was the ballots that had write - ins , I am assuming so those could be processed for manual text entry of the write - in names .
Again , the boxes appeared un -sealed .
There did seem to be decent accounting of the number of ballots .
While they tolerated me nicely , they seemed to think I dropped from Mars when I asked if they were going to post the precinct tally off the machine .
They said they would if I wanted , and eventually gave me and some party watch dog guy that had been there all day copies of the poll tape that the machine produced , which did check out with the States web site tally .
Anyway , this is just my county , which was heavily for Franken .
Who knows about the procedures in all the other counties .
The northern , more Coleman leaning county have different machines apparently , and if my metro county has less than air - tight chain - of - custody for ballots , who knows what goes on in less scrutinzed , lower - staffed counties .
I heard on the radio that ballots are being stored at the county level until recount that does n't happen til next week , so really if machine count is rigged , how hard would it be in the meantime to enter an office storing ballots and make them match the State 's reported tallies .
What strikes me is how many people have Franken 's attitude which is essentially : if the people I see running the election are good , reasonable together people , then all must be fine .
But just one nefarious person , insider or outsider , who is more cunning can easily by - pass many decent looking systems .
An anecdote in my life keeps coming to mind , about 25 years ago when I was in my early 20's I had a New Yorker friend visit , generally a really good person , but when we went shopping in MN , she just starting doing things like switching price tags on items to get a lower price etc ... For her it is was a game , and she was expecting the clerks to catch her most of the time , as was her expereince back home .
She was continually amazed how noone was on - guard to catch her , she thought MN stores were like stealing candy from babies .
My point is , if you are naive , ignorant , and trusting , someone like my friend or someone much worse , will come along and be able to run amok becuase you did not think to guard against a really bad actor .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 11/6/2008 @ 4:49 am PT ...
By the way , Coleman 's lead is down to 477 , so with about 3000 precincts , thats just one vote difference for every clumped of five precincts ....
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Tyrone said on 11/6/2008 @ 5:09 am PT ...
The optical scanners are not really as " flawed " as people claim when their candidate loses in a close race .
The bottom line is that all methods of ballot counting , including hand counting , have a non -zero error rate .
One redeeming feature of optical scan systems , over say , electronic voting systems , is that the ballots are physical objects that can be recounted by more than one method .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... barry schultz said on 11/6/2008 @ 5:53 am PT ...
What are you crybabying about did you not have a big enough win the other night .
I guess it does n't bother you all the ways the democratic party has cheated in the past and still is cheating to this day !
I live in georgia and you say the cleland losing to chambliss was a surprise , maybe to you it was but people here in georgia do not like cleland , and from what i've seen from this martin guy if anybody cheated it would be him .
I 'm tired of hearing what a " positive " campaign obama ran also because during the monday night football game he and martin's commercials were running constantly and they were all negative !
You could barely tell where martin's commercial ended and obama 's began they were running together almost .
So anyway enjoy your win but no it 's put up or shut up time for your crappy dems , and you are depending on a guy who has done absolutely nothing as a senator so we will see .
It 's only a matter of time before the republicans make a comeback .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Jim CT said on 11/6/2008 @ 6:20 am PT ...
One redeeming feature of optical scan systems , over say , electronic voting systems , is that the ballots are physical objects that can be recounted by more than one method .
As long as the ballots have n't been hermetically sealed in a mayonnaise jar and stored on Funk & Wagnalls front porch - or in the office of a partisan politician or operative .
If we can work on that and institute random audits then we might have something we can compare to our first best option , paper ballots hand counted .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Aslan said on 11/6/2008 @ 6:25 am PT ...
karen said on 11/6/2008 @ 4:43 am PT ... " think the Sec of State is a decent guy trying to do a decent job for his citizens , which is better than I can say for lots of them ... but that does not mean he " gets " how to make an election rock solid safe / clean " Just an FYI : Mark Richie the Secretary of State in Minnesota does ' get it ' .
He has been involved in ensuring fair and transparent elections in MN for years prior to being elected SOS .
My understanding is they will hand count the ballots as some have been found to be marked incorrectly with a check , an ' X ' , or cirled name instead of filling in the dot .
I think Franken will win .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Howard Huddleston said on 11/6/2008 @ 7:05 am PT ...
So the only way a Democrat can lose is by Republican cheating and the vote counting computers are in on the conspiracy too ?
You should really see a pshrink about the paranoia .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Ron Jones said on 11/6/2008 @ 7:17 am PT ...
Another Georgia voter here with a slightly different viewpoint from Barry .
I 've been suspicious of the GA machines since that 2002 election when the Democratic Gov & Senate candidates ( Barnes & Cleland ) , both leading by several points in the last poll before the actual election , ended up losing by very similar margins on election day .
And what is this business of the operating software being " proprietary " to the company who built and sold the voting machines ?
I 'll bet Bank of America does n't allow " proprietary " software to be used on their ATMs without any input from BOA !
Although feeling somewhat vindicated by Obama 's nationwide victory , I still object to the use of these machines simply because there is no way to verify the validity of the original count or a recount .
Why , in God 's name , would ANY candidate NOT be in favor of a verifiable paper trail ?
One can only guess ...
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... ArchiCoot said on 11/6/2008 @ 7:55 am PT ...
The vote total across the country so far stands at about 122 million counted out of 136 million +/- cast .
Absentee and uncounted early votes amount to an estimated 3 to 4 million , which leaves over 10 million uncounted votes or 7 % .
It would be an interesting study to see how many of these " spoiled " votes were for Obama or another democrat vs. a republican .
This does not count disenfranchised voters showing up to vote the day after or who did n't vote because were too afraid to vote based on voter caging tactics .
It seems to me that Obama really won in a massive landslide ... so much so that they could n't steel enough votes to stop him .
Then again Obama is looking to out many Blue Dog corporatist democrats in his administration .
I listened to A Franken on Air America and watched his shift towards the middle with dismay .
As a former Minnesotan I am familiar with Norm and would be happy to see him get knocked off by Al .
Good luck to Al with the unreliable recount .......
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Ridgeway said on 11/6/2008 @ 8:18 am PT ...
[ed note : Find some other terms to dis Brad with or go away . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... bejammin075 said on 11/6/2008 @ 8:37 am PT ...
I 'm glad they have paper ballots , and extra glad they 'll be counted by hand ( I hope that 's true ! ) .
I also hope Franken is engaged in this process .
It sounds like he is .
It will be a wakeup call for him , and he will see how messy and messed up our vote counting process is .
To those who call us " conspiracy theorists " I say this : ** Election ** fraud is a much bigger concern than ** voter ** fraud .
Sure , I do n't want Mickey Mouse and Marry Poppins voting in our elections , but I doubt there 's very much of that going on in a concerted way that a political party could take advantage of .
On the other hand , we use machines demonstrated many times over to be easily hackable , and very unreliable even when they are in their " best " working condition ( not to mention , expensive wastes of tax payer money ) .
In America , is it not too much to ask for elections that are transparent and verifiable ?
Is n't this what our soldiers , past and present , fight for ?
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 11/6/2008 @ 8:41 am PT ...
Wilburrr ... ~ My
Ass has some company for a change !
BTW ~ I think Al Franken will be a fine politician .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 11/6/2008 @ 8:48 am PT ...
bejammin075 ~
I do n't want Mickey Mouse and Marry Poppins voting in our elections .
How about Mr. Ed ?
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Mike Ridgway , Salt Lake City said on 11/6/2008 @ 9:03 am PT ...
We election integrity people some times miss the forest for the trees .
The real travesty is that one of these two candidates is going to be elected to the US Senate with only 42 % support of the voters .
To learn about a reform that is working its way through the United States that requires that candidates earn a true majority of the vote in order to be elected , please visit www.fairvote.org and read about instant - runoff voting .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... David Zachmeyer said on 11/6/2008 @ 9:28 am PT ...
Local news in the Twin Cities reported that the Franken / Coleman recount will be done by hand .
They also explained in detail that the ballots will be examined for voter intent - i.e. ovals not completely filled , name circled , etc .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/6/2008 @ 9:49 am PT ...
Here 's some numbers that do n't jive with me either : 2008 had an all - time record newly registered Democrats , due in large part to the extended Hillary / Obama primary ... the first time the later states like Pennsylvania ( where I live ) actually had a stake in it .
Obama had 1.9 million more votes in 2008 , than Bush had in 2004 .
That does n't jive with me .
For those of you who keep saying these are conspiracy theories ... YOU are a conspiracy theory !!!
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Rick said on 11/6/2008 @ 10:11 am PT ...
@ #12 : There is actually a 3rd party candidate , Dean Barkley .
He apparently got " over 437,000 " votes .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Batocchio said on 11/6/2008 @ 10:37 am PT ...
Um , Brad , while I appreciate your work , it seems surprisingly petty of you to repeatedly mention that Franken did n't have you on .
His show 's been off the air for what , 18 months or so ?
Is n't it a coup for a blogger to appear on multiple shows as it is ?
And I could be wrong , but I listened to him occasionally and thought he did cover some voter suppression stories .
Regardless , here 's to a full and accurate recount and run-off .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/6/2008 @ 11:12 am PT ...
Barry Schultz # 21 I 'm a GA voter , too .
2002 saw the installation of Diebold vote stealing machines in 100 % of our precincts in GA .
Opinion polls in Georgia on the eve of the 2002 general election showed Democratic incumbent Gov. Roy Barnes leading by 9 - 11 points and Sen.
Max Cleland ahead of his Republican challenger by 2 - 5 points , so it was a shock on election night when the returns showed Barnes losing to Republican Sonny Perdue , 46 to 51 percent , a swing of as much as 16 points from the last opinion polls , and Cleland losing to Saxby Chambliss by 46 to 53 percent , a last - minute swing of 9 - 12 points .
Please , educate yourself - 2006 - Will The Next Election Be Hacked ?
Fresh disasters at the polls --- and new evidence from an industry insider --- prove that electronic voting machines can't be trusted .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 11/6/2008 @ 11:19 am PT ...
To anyone who thinks this is all whining and / or conspiracy theories , have you actually taken a look at the evidence ?
This is n't about right and left , it 's about right and wrong .
Is calling for transparency and fairness in our elections anything BUT patriotic ?
If ATMs constantly broke down , or miscounted your money - to your disadvantage - would you continue to use them ?
And please , Brad , add poetry to your list of comment no - no's !
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 11/6/2008 @ 11:27 am PT ...
Okay , after thinking about it for a while ... I 'd encourage who ever the loser is to ask for a hand counted recount .
We the People could start a fund for it .
Cause like Brad says , " its not about right or left , ITS ABOUT RIGHT AND WRONG ! "
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Charles said on 11/6/2008 @ 11:59 am PT ...
If I get this correct , there was actually an overvote in Hennepin County , minnesota .
The presidential vote adds to 651920 and the senate vote totals 651962 .
Is n't there almost always an undervote ?
Also , McCain only got 35 % in Hennepin but Coleman got 36 % of a larger total , even when there was a 3rd party candidate pulling votes from both .
Does this seem wierd to anyone else ?
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 11/6/2008 @ 1:43 pm PT ...
Better yet , is there anything left in Mr. President Elect Obama 's war chest ?
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 11/6/2008 @ 2:14 pm PT ...
The gap between votes for Coleman and Franken continue to narrow : Coleman now leads by 336 votes .
http://www.startribune.c...Yyc:aULPQL7PQLanchO7DiUX
What I do n't understand is how this number can change when the actual recount has n't started yet .
Ideas anyone ?
- Tom
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 11/6/2008 @ 2:25 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ... ~
I could have voted for horse on the ballot but left my nepotism and breakfast at the door ...
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/6/2008 @ 2:37 pm PT ...
Tom , absentee ballots , late reporting precincts ....
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 11/6/2008 @ 2:43 pm PT ...
Hey there TomR , Shit let 's go to the state web site and see if all the precincts are in .
See ya .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 11/6/2008 @ 3:34 pm PT ...
Here 's a link to election precincts reporting : http://electionresults.s...n.us/20081104/MapVML.asp
I 'm guessing absentee ballots -- it 's troubling to me that election day numbers go out like all ballots have been counted , but perhaps not .
- Tom
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Merry said on 11/6/2008 @ 3:55 pm PT ...
@ #39 Charles - third party candidates do n't always pull from both sides - this guy pulled in democrats and some independents .
Also , people ( especially independents ) sometimes split tickets , so it perfectly reasonable for someone to vote for Obama and Coleman .
The numbers alone do n't reveal a conspiracy .
In fact , I 'd go so far as to say a Coleman victory alone does not mean there was a conspiracy ; there would have to be actual evidence of something untoward .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Sherry Bendall said on 11/6/2008 @ 5:13 pm PT ...
I have n't been able to listen to Mr. Franken 's show , although I have read his books .
I also remember how incredibly blown away he was by our loss in 2004 , when the exit polls strongly indicated a win by John Kerry .
( Exit polls are used around the world as excellent predictors of the outcome of elections , and to highlight cheating . )
Perhaps he did n't have you on his show because he would have been afraid of really losing it on air ( going ballistic on live radio is probably not a good idea ) because of his own deep and disgusted view about the cheating in the 2000 and 2004 elections .
He seems to be deeply passionate about our losses , and he surely is aware of films and books by well - respected people that have thoroughly documented the extraordinary cheating by the Republicans in both of those elections .
Anyway , I hope this is the reason that he did n't have Brad , et. al. , on his show .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... John Provocative said on 11/7/2008 @ 5:46 am PT ...
Karl Rove said , " we have to keep them just close enough to steal them "
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Charles said on 11/7/2008 @ 7:04 am PT ...
Do we know who these people are ???
State Canvassing Board .
The State Canvassing Board shall consist of the secretary of state , two judges of the supreme court , and two judges of the district court selected by the secretary of state .
None of the judges shall be a candidate at the election .
If a judge fails to appear at the meeting of the canvassing board , the secretary of state shall fill the vacancy in membership by selecting another judge who is not a candidate at the election .
Not more than two judges of the Supreme Court shall serve on the canvassing board at one time .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... john harris said on 11/7/2008 @ 2:23 pm PT ...
I just called the Franken HQ .
The difference is now down to 239 votes that Coleman has over Franken .
The numbers keep changing everyday because they are are rechecking the numbers that each county submitted and found some errors ( in favor of Coleman of course ) .
One county , Pine County , originally reported 24 votes for a precinct but the actual number was 124 voting for Franken .
The canvassing of the numbers of all the vote tallies for 87 counties in MN will be finished by mid-week .
the official recount wo n't start until Nov 19th .
When they do the handcount , there will be many people from both the Dem and Repub party on hand to watch handcount process nov 19th .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Carol said on 11/8/2008 @ 1:15 am PT ...
Our Minnesota Secretary of State and our state legislators have no excuse if they overlook or ignore any of these red flags or mess up chains of custody , etc .
There are election integrity activists here in Minnesota , myself included , who not only worked to get Mark Ritchie elected ( and ditch the evil Fundie Republican Mary Kiffmeyer ) in 2006 , but have worked overtime informing him of the myriad pitfalls of these machines and chain of custody issues , etc .
We have some new laws on the books as a result , including the new recount law which was just signed May 18 .
He had BETTER not mess up !
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Rhetoricwars said on 11/8/2008 @ 7:51 am PT ...
Before the 2002 election , then - Georgia - Secretary - of - State Cathy Cox spoke to our annual Democratic dinner , outlining the new proposed Diebold system .
Several of us asked her about possible abuses , including the need for a paper trail .
There was no need to worry , she explained , and a paper trail could be falsified as could paper ballot results .
Ohio proved that our concern was justified .
I do n't think she was knowingly part of a conspiracy -- just blinded by the science and Diebold 's sales pitch would be my guess ( Diebold did n't help her win her 2006 contest for Ga. Democratic Governor nominee . )
But the real concern for Georgia election is n't what happened at the polls but what happened before voters touched those screens :
http://www.gregpalast.co.../the-steal-you-wont-see/
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Ronald Wieck said on 11/8/2008 @ 10:56 am PT ...
Al Franken has gained ALL 100 votes -- every one of them - - " found " in a heavily Democratic precinct , in defiance of the mathematical laws that govern the universe .
It is , ah , fascinating that Democrats ALWAYS -- 100 % of the time -- manage to pick up votes in recounts .
Hey , so what if it 's statistically impossible ?
They deserve to win , right ?
Keep hammering away at those magic computers and constructing baseless fantasies , gang .
Meanwhile , real flesh - and - blood Democrats will keep stealing elections the old - fashioned way , a few votes at a time .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/8/2008 @ 12:16 pm PT ...
Ronald I think if you step back from your bias for a minute even you will be able to see the flaw in your reasoning there .
If Democrats so frequently pick up votes in recounts , always , as you say , is n't the logical conclusion more like it is always Republicans playing games with the counts ?
It 's always Republicans engaging in voter suppression .
It 's always Republicans whining about pledges not to do recounts .
It 's always Republicans breaking our brains not to have recounts , not to have as fraud - proof a means of voting as possible , not to honor the founding documents ... it 's always Republicans trying to turn America fascist , bellowing of their patriotism while trying their hardest to tear down the Constitution .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/8/2008 @ 2:59 pm PT ...
... Ronald Wieck said ...
" Al Franken has gained ALL 100 votes - - every one of them - - " found " in a heavily Democratic precinct " Ah !
You mean the one where the precinct report was a typo that said " 24 " votes for Franken instead of the actual " 124 " votes for Franken !
Clever , that Franken , clever ... who else would have thought of reducing his own actual vote count by 100 and risking his election just to drive you nuts ... " in defiance of the mathematical laws that govern the universe " I do not think that phrase means what you think it means ....
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/8/2008 @ 3:23 pm PT ...
Meanwhile Norm Coleman is taking no chances with laws ... mathematical , universal , or Illinois constitutional .
He filed to shut down the canvass Bush vs .
Gore shut down a recount ...
Coleman just said wants the first count shutdown while he 's ahead .
Coleman 's a true believer in the democratic process you betcha !
Judge told Coleman to stuff it , and the actual counting of the actual votes continues ... and then the recount .
http://firedoglake.com/2...n-minnesota-senate-race/
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Sam Snead said on 11/8/2008 @ 4:56 pm PT ...
it is totally absurd that the only way that a republican candidate can win is if they win by a landslide in order to make up ground for the 3 to 5 % margin of theft .
my guess is that absentee mail - in ballots and provisionals were also not uniformly counted .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Ronald Wieck said on 11/8/2008 @ 5:41 pm PT ...
Sorry , Zapkitty , your imagination does n't square with the published reports :
http://www.startribune.c...Yyc:aULPQL7PQLanchO7DiUX
The left - blogosphere 's fantasies about Republican vote fraud in 2004 were shown to be innumerate nonsense .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/8/2008 @ 6:42 pm PT ...
" Sorry , Zapkitty , your imagination does n't square with the published reports : " Wow ... your referenced article concentrates on the timestamps angle of the story instead of the typo , but does not conflict with the typo story ... a story that was also published elsewhere ... and the source of your claim to violations of " mathematical laws that govern the universe " is ...
" Obviously , this is highly suspicious .
They found 100 votes , and it 's statistically impossible that all 100 votes went to the two Democrats , even in St. Louis County , " said Cullen Sheehan , Coleman 's campaign manager .
... Coleman 's campaign manager ?
Another version of the typo account to amuse you ...
http://www.kare11.com/ne...icle.aspx?storyid=528970
" The left - blogosphere 's fantasies about Republican vote fraud in 2004 were shown to be innumerate nonsense . "
Strange , for someone talking about other 's fantasies your declarations seem to be remarkably detached from reality in and of themselves .
" Were shown to be innumerate nonsense " ... by who ?
Coleman 's campaign manager ?
A graduate of the Chicago school of Economics ?
A budding neotheocon lawyer from Regent's ?
Hmmm ...?
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/8/2008 @ 7:17 pm PT ...
And now currently at the top of Bradblog : " Rightwing Conspiracy Theory Bloggers Don Tinfoil Hats for Franken / Coleman U.S. Senate Race in MN " https://bradblog.com/?p=6649
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Ronald Wieck said on 11/8/2008 @ 8:52 pm PT ...
The loony - left 's fantasies about the 2004 election were reduced to rubble by DEMOCRATIC pollster Mark Blumenthal .
See " Was RFK , Jr. Right About the Exit Polls ? , parts I , II , and III " on pollster.com , a superb resource for anyone interested in polling and statistics .
We await further developments in the Coleman - Franken recount with amusement , but we still have n't ever heard a rational explanation for the uncanny success of Democratic candidates in such matters .
Maybe they 're just very lucky .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/8/2008 @ 9:28 pm PT ...
Ronald RFK
Jr's article was not premised solely on exit poll data ; Blumenthal 's skirting of the true implications of the veracity of the exit polls does n't make your case .
In fact , maybe it would help you to read the other points he 's making in that series that show there is every reason to believe Ohio was stolen in 2004 .
And that some Democrats prefer to believe our elections are not rigged over the results of exit polls does not detract from the fact that exit polls are historically incredibly accurate and give a meaningful indication of when lucid people should indeed suspect foul play .
Your apparent lack of critical thinking skills is beginning to look more like an attempt to snare people who lack them too .
We frown on that stuff here .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Mimi said on 11/9/2008 @ 7:11 pm PT ...
Typical .
You want some street music and two types come along at once : guitarist and bench
The Nokia Comes With Music subscription service provides users with unlimited access to Nokia 's Music Store catalogue .
That 's a nifty two million songs on your phone , anytime .
Now , the mobile giant has built a load of park - bench - shaped MP3 players to promote the service , and save our derrieres …
The benches will be placed at ' secret locations ' - namely parks , streets and town squares - all over the UK .
Each bench has three Nokia handsets and headphones installed into the arm rests .
The available playlist differs depending on where you are .
Nokia surveyed the nation to find its favourite songs , and tailored the list to fit each region 's favourites .
Whether Liverpool 's list is chock full of The Beatles and Birmingham 's with Black Sabbath remains to be heard .
Take a seat
Before you think about stealing one for your garden , each bench will be accompanied by a live performer and , presumably , a security guard .
One different appearance will be made each day between now and Christmas - check out the Comes With Music site to find out where .
Tags
It is easy to criticize the US healthcare system , but we should be clear on one thing : it is not " free market " or " private " healthcare .
A free market in healthcare would be more efficient and innovative , and offer better quality products and services , with lower prices than is currently the case .
In addition to the US government 's obvious socialist interventions with programs such as Medicare and Medicaid , there are a multitude of other measures that hinder innovation in healthcare — and we can expect only increased involvement under ObamaCare .
While socialists point to the " failures " of the US healthcare system and , by some magical feat of legerdemain that merely exposes their ( economic ) ignorance , attribute it to the " free market , " it is crucial for Austrolibertarians to point out the absurdity of this false reasoning .
For example , the US government accounted for over 45 % of all US healthcare expenditures in 2006 ; it spends almost 20 % of GDP on healthcare ; indeed , it spends more per capita than any other OECD country ( see Figure 1 ) , including those with socialist , government - funded healthcare .
In short , this is not a free market .
Figure 1 .
Per capita government expenditure on health 1995 – 2006 ( PPP int. $ ) Source : World Health Organization Data
We can quickly list a few of the myriad government and other regulatory programs that keep prices high and stifle innovation : the Center for Disease Control and Prevention , the Food and Drug Administration , the American Medical Association , the United States Department of Health and Human Services , etc .
One reason healthcare costs are so high is because the industry is subsidized ; and one reason government intervention only grows is because you can expect more of anything that is subsidized .
Doctors and physicians raise their prices on those paying privately to cover those who do not pay , i.e. , those the government pays for through theft , a.k.a. taxes .
Government is a poor individual 's ( and everyone 's ) worst enemy , or at least should be when recognized for what it is and does .
Fortunately , there are entrepreneurs who compete in the healthcare industry , despite government 's attempts to hinder competition .
Wal - Mart and Healthcare
Private companies that are allowed to do business without government intervention ( and without being granted a government - sanctioned monopoly ) must offer better - quality services or lower prices to continue to attract customers .
One example of a company that consistently offers both better - quality products and services and lower prices is Wal - Mart .
Even Wal - Mart 's critics typically agree that it is always about low prices .
Indeed , many governments have issued antitrust cases against Wal - Mart for charging too low a price ( so - called " predatory pricing " ) .
Because of the threat of antitrust prosecution — and especially given that antitrust laws are so vaguely defined — businesses are more fearful of taking on risk , and less efficient in serving the consumer .
Fortunately , however , Wal - Mart has continued to grow and has recently ventured into the healthcare market .
[ 1]
While the US government adds more bureaucracy and money to the healthcare situation , private companies such as Wal - Mart are innovating and bringing the blessings of healthcare to many .
Wal - Mart has given access to lower - priced , affordable products to " poor " and millions of uninsured individuals .
They are the world 's largest ( private ) employer , with over two million employees serving over 200 million customers a year .
Sam Walton should receive a Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts , which have lifted millions out of poverty , and continue to do so .
Wal - Mart now offers walk - in , inexpensive healthcare services by leasing store space to private health clinics .
This service , combined with an in - store pharmacy that offers $ 4 prescriptions , will offer these services to millions of people , and there is no requirement to have health insurance .
Consider this : Wal - Mart 's $ 4 prescription program has saved customers over $ 1 billion dollars since its inception .
Prices are a flat fee of around $ 45 per visit , and are well advertised , i.e. , there is no guess work , and price transparency exists .
Contrast this with a typical doctor 's visit where you might not know what you are paying until three months later .
From Wal - Mart 's website , we read the following :
Our retail clinics are an especially valuable resource for individuals without health insurance .
Nearly half of all clinic patients report that they are uninsured .
Many visitors have said that if it were not for our clinics , they would n't have gotten care — or they would 've had to go to an emergency room .
By visiting one of our clinics , patients receive the care they need and at the same time reduce overcrowding in emergency rooms and eliminate the costs of unnecessary hospital visits .
( Emphasis added . )
There are significant effects and benefits that can be attributed to Wal - Mart 's innovation in healthcare services .
For example , Wal - Mart offers faster service and treats common illnesses , fostering a greater specialization and division of labor .
This will allow doctors to specialize in more complex problems ; and yet some physicians are ( correctly ) worried since they will have to struggle to compete with Wal - Mart 's healthcare .
Most physicians earn their revenue from " quick " visits — the " simpler " the illness , the quicker the visit — which means more customers , and more revenue .
Wal - Mart will now be treating those patients and receiving revenue from customers , which formerly would have gone to physicians .
Similarly , the AMA cartel could receive a " prescription " from Wal - Mart on learning how to foster innovation , as opposed to stagnation , to maintain relevance .
Other organizations , such as the American Academy of Pediatrics , instead of attempting to compete , intransigently and stubbornly cling to their antediluvian practices by merely writing position papers opposing retail clinics such as Wal - Mart .
Indeed , almost any healthcare service will have to lower its prices to compete with Wal - Mart .
Competition will likely increase and there will be more healthcare and retail clinics that offer similar services at competitive prices .
The more profits that Wal - Mart obtains through this service , the more competition there will likely be to strive for a portion of consumer 's money — thus we see the important function of profits in the economy .
Typical public opinion has the causal link exactly backwards : the more profits a company earns ( in a free market ) , the better it is serving its consumers , i.e. , the more they are demanding its services .
They should be exalted for their efforts ( and profits ) , not condemned .
In the spirit of competition , self - interested entrepreneurs will strive to serve the consumer better than their rivals .
This will result in more affordable healthcare for more people — something the government could never achieve , regardless of any mixture of force , money , and bureaucracy ; in fact , any government intervention will only stifle this " healthy " process .
The market , to the extent it is able to work freely , would lower healthcare prices while increasing quality ; to the extent that government is involved , expect higher - priced and lower - quality services — and more bureaucracy .
Wal - Mart and other retail clinics have raised the bar for competitors by lowering costs and innovating .
In a world where government power is growing and seizing — and ceasing — liberty , and suppressing innovation that takes place in a free market , private companies such as Wal - Mart that continue to take risks and innovate provide hope for the future .
Chris Brown is a lecturer at the Australian Graduate School of Entrepreneurship at Swinburne University .
He also centrally plans the Austro - libertarian blog .
Comment on the blog .
From 1935 to 1975 , just about everyone busted for drugs in the U.S. was sent to the United States Narcotic Farm outside Lexington , Ky. Equal parts federal prison , treatment center , research laboratory and farm , this controversial institution was designed not only to rehabilitate addicts , but to discover a cure for drug addiction .
Now a new documentary , The Narcotic Farm , reveals the lost world of this institution , based on rare film footage , numerous documents , dozens of interviews of former staff , inmates and volunteer patients , and more than 2,000 photographs unearthed from archives across the country .
Premiering October 26 on public television in Philadelphia and Salisbury , Md. , the film will appear on public television stations across the country throughout November .
A book accompanying the documentary includes rare and previously unpublished pictures of " Narco , " as the institution was called locally , a selection of which can be seen in this slide show .
View Slide Show of the Narcotic Farm
According to the book , the institution became a premier center for research into drug addiction and treatment , advancing everything from the use of methadone to treat heroin withdrawal to drugs that blocked the action of opiates .
Along the way , Narco was frequented by legendary jazz musicians such as Chet Baker and Sonny Rollins , as well as actor Peter Lorre and beat generation writer William S. Burroughs , who recounted his experience in his first novel , Junkie .
The documentary also chronicles how the Farm was shut down just as Congress discovered that researchers there were using patients as human guinea pigs in CIA - funded experiments into LSD .
Drug research on federal prisoners is now illegal .
Still , the filmmakers note accomplishments at the institution remain milestones in addiction science and treatment .
Its most important contribution might be how it transformed the way society views addicts — " as people suffering from a chronic , relapsing disorder that affects public health , " says book co-author Nancy Campbell , an associate professor at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , N.Y. , who studies the history of drug addiction research .
Correction ( posted October 25 , 2008 ) : When originally posted , this story suggested that a Congressional investigation into the Narcotic Farm had led to its closure .
In fact the main reason Narco was closed was that its centralized form of institutional care was supplanted by a national network of local treatment centers .
Its closure coincided with the Congressional investigation into LSD research .
Scientific American regrets the error .
Jim Quinn yesterday on The War Room with Quinn & Rose :
You know , I was thinking about this .
You know , if you were a slave in the old South , what did you get as a slave ?
You got free room and board , you got free money , and you got rewarded for having children because that was just , you know , tomorrow 's slave .
So , you got a free house , you got free money , and you got rewarded for having children .
Can I ask a question ?
How 's that different from welfare ?
You get a free house , you get free food , and you get rewarded for having children .
Oh , wait a minute , hold on a second .
There is a difference :
The slave had to work for it .
LM in elevator , Lübeck
I 'm working on a site that lists the various Topic Maps - related software that 's out there , in an effort to make all the tools that have been released more visible .
The site in question is , of course , Topic Maps - driven , and so it has , of course , topic pages for the people who created the tools .
Those pages inevitably become pretty boring , because the tools site is n't the place to collect lots and lots of information about people .
But then it struck me : I have photos of nearly all of these people in tmphoto .
Why not use those photos ?
And Ontopedia has PSIs for most of the people , so why not do this properly and use the PSIs to integrate the two ?
In fact , since there are going to be other portals with Topic Maps - related content out there , why not offer this as a generalized web service ?
So that 's what I did .
The Topic Maps Tools topic map contains Ontopedia PSIs for people , as does the photo topic map .
The person page in the Topic Maps Tools site does a request to the get - illustration service , which picks a photo of the person , and returns that .
Or kind of .
In practice it 's a little more involved , because I wanted to be able to offer images in different sizes , to allow linking to the person 's page in tmphoto , and also to allow linking to the portrait 's page in tmphoto .
How it works
Technically , I 've used the TMRAP get - topic - page request , and expanded it a little , by returning four types of topic pages .
So what happens is that a TMRAP request goes off to the get - illustration service , and gets a TM / XML topic map containing four URIs back .
Let 's use me as the example .
In that case , the four URIs are :
The endpoint for the service is http://www.garshol.priv.no/tmphoto/get-illustration .
We follow the TMRAP get - topic - page design , so the parameter to send the PSI of the topic you are looking for is identifier .
To see the example , click here .
The page that sends this request is here .
I already had a nice client component for TMRAP get - topic - page requests , so that meant it was easy for me to add this to the person page in the tools application .
It probably wo n't be as easy for others who do n't use the OKS , and so do n't have that component , and do n't have support for TM / XML .
I could add XTM 1.0/2.0 support for these people .
A custom XML format there probably is no point in , because TM / XML pretty much is that already .
I had an idea for a simpler version , however , which would allow clients to get integration by rendering their HTML as follows :
< a href= " http://.../tmphoto/go-to-portrait?identifier=psi " >< img src= " http://.../tmphoto/get-portrait?identifier=psi ">
The first URL would redirect to the portrait page , whereas the second would either redirect to the portrait itself , or perhaps even return it directly .
This is not as good , however , since it would not work as well in cases where I do n't have a portrait to offer .
I could always return a placeholder image , of course .
Anyway , the service is there , and is free to be used by anyone for anything .
If anyone wants to discuss alternative interfaces , please contact me .
PSIs for people can be found either via my person page or Ontopedia 's search .
Benefits of this approach
Autumn mood , Sognsvann , Oslo
Of course , it 's possible to do this simply by hard - wiring the links to the photos you want in the old - fashioned way .
However , this approach has more to it than being cool by simultaneously using PSIs and web services .
If you already have topics for these people , and you 've added the Ontopedia PSIs for them ( as you should ! ) , then suddenly you can get the photos for free .
You do n't need to do go through all the people , picking the photos you want , and wiring things up .
Instead , doing the TMRAP call gets you the best photos automatically .
Further , as more people and photos are added on both sides , everything will just automatically update itself .
If photos exist for people in the client application they will just appear .
If better photos become available for existing people , those photos will automatically replace the old ones .
And so on .
And nothing prevents me from becoming a photo aggregator and collecting photos from third parties and offering those to you as well .
This requires the third parties to use the same PSIs and to offer a similar service ( or for me to have some sort of converter ) , but once that happens I can seamlessly extend the reach of my service , and benefit everyone who uses it with no extra effort .
Finally , by using the PSIs you 'll be able to connect to other sources of information about these people .
For one thing , the tools topic map will be able to tell you if they wrote any Topic Maps tools .
Other sources might get you presentations by them , their home pages and affiliations , blog postings by / about them , etc etc .
So once you add the PSIs you connect to the network of ( admittedly not yet existing ) data sources .
Extensions
There is , of course , no inherent limitation here requiring the web service to return only photos of people .
I could equally well start returning illustration photos for places ( say , Leipzig ) , events ( say , TMRA 2008 ) , concepts ( say , beer ) , or other things , once those things have PSIs .
I will probably do that at some point , but for now I figured people was a good place to start .
If anyone is interested in the extensions , let me know .
Hoy en día , en el cine tenemos la posibilidad de ver a nuestros personajes de cómics preferidos en la gran pantalla y es que tanto Marvel como DC han optado por darle vida a sus súper héroes para que tanto chicos como grandes los puedan disfrutar , pero debemos de saber que muchas de estas películas no son aptas para chicos sino nada más para los grandes , es por ello que pasan a ser de súper héroes a súper prohibidos .
Continuar leyendo
« De súper héroes a súper prohibidos »
gcc version to use on sparc / solaris
On Fri , 2009 - 01-02 at 21:06 + 1100 , Ben Lippmeier wrote : >
I 'm running into some huge compile times that I 'm hoping someone will > have some suggestions about .
When compiling Parser.hs the intermediate > .hc file is 4MB big , and is taking GCC 4.2.1 more than 2 hours to get > through .
> >
Another attempted compile of GHC 6.8.3 is stuck on > libraries / template - haskell / Language / Haskell / TH / Syntax.hs with a 4MB > intermediate .hc file .
Here is what I 've discovered ... I built four versions of gcc and used them to build ghc - 6.8.3 .
I selected the last point release of the last four major gcc releases : gcc-4.0.4 gcc-4.1.2 gcc-4.2.4 gcc-4.3.2
Summary : gcc -4.0.4 or gcc - 4.1.2 seems to be the best choice at the moment for ghc on sparc / solaris .
gcc-4.0.4 =========
This version passes all expected tests on the gcc testsuite .
Using it to build ghc - 6.8.3 works fine and it does not take too long .
The ghc testsuite result looks like : 2128 total tests , which gave rise to 8040 test cases , of which 1 caused framework failures 1561 were skipped 6130 expected passes 281 expected failures 0 unexpected passes 48 unexpected failures Unexpected failures : 1861 ( normal , optc, hpc , profc, threaded1 , threaded2 ) barton - mangler - bug ( normal , hpc, threaded1 ) cabal01 ( normal ) conc042( threaded2 ) conc043 ( threaded2 ) conc044( threaded2 ) conc045 ( threaded2 ) conflicting_flags ( normal ) enum01 ( hpc ) ffi017 ( ghci ) ffi019 ( normal , optc , hpc , profc , ghci , threaded1 , threaded2 ) ghciprog004 ( normal ) h Close002 ( normal , optc , hpc , profc , ghci , threaded1 , threaded2 ) joao - circular ( normal , optc , hpc , profc , threaded1 , threaded2 ) num012 ( normal , optc, hpc , profc, ghci, threaded1, threaded2 ) seward - space - leak ( ghci ) testblockalloc ( normal , threaded1 )
Some fail in fairly simple ways : cabal01 fails because Solaris tar does not support - C conflicting_flags fails due to a difference in output : - ghc : can not use ` - V ' with `-- print - libdir ' + ghc - 6.8.3 : cannot use ` - V ' with `-- print - libdir ' hClose002 fails with a different error : - Left hClose : invalid argument ( Bad file descriptor ) + Left hClose : invalid argument ( Bad file number ) 1861 fails because ghc uses C99 INFINITY macro without using C99 and Solaris header files are more strict about standards than other systems .
http://hackage.haskell.org/trac/ghc/ticket/2929
Some look a bit more scary : testblockalloc fails with " out of memory ( requested 8388608 bytes ) " num012 produces different output : --2147483648 +2147483647 looks like overflow , so definitely something wrong .
A number of tests timeout : seward - space - leak ( ghci ) joao - circular ( all ) barton - mangler - bug ( all )
A few tests get bus errors : conc042 , conc043 , conc044 , conc045 ghciprog004 ffi019 ( all ) gcc-4.1.2 =========
This version passes all expected tests on the gcc testsuite .
Using it to build ghc - 6.8.3 works fine and it does not take too long .
The ghc testsuite result looks like : 2128 total tests , which gave rise to 8040 test cases , of which 1 caused framework failures 1561 were skipped 6125 expected passes 281 expected failures 0 unexpected passes 49 unexpected failures Unexpected failures : 1861 ( normal , optc, hpc , profc, threaded1 , threaded2 ) barton - mangler - bug ( normal , optc , hpc, threaded1 , threaded2 ) cabal01 ( normal ) conc042( threaded2 ) conc043 ( threaded2 ) conc044( threaded2 ) conc045 ( threaded2 ) conflicting_flags ( normal ) ffi017 ( ghci ) ffi019 ( normal , optc , hpc , profc , ghci , threaded1 , threaded2 ) ghciprog004 ( normal ) h Close002 ( normal , optc , hpc , profc , ghci , threaded1 , threaded2 ) joao - circular ( normal , optc , hpc , profc , threaded1 , threaded2 ) num012 ( normal , optc, hpc , profc, ghci, threaded1, threaded2 ) seward - space - leak ( ghci ) testblockalloc ( normal , threaded1 )
The only difference is that enum01 ( hpc ) does not fail and barton - mangler - bug fails in two more ways ( optc , threaded2 ) gcc-4.2.4 =========
This fails 4 tests on the gcc testsuite .
This is the version that gives us massive compile times for larger .hc files ( 8 hours + for Syntax.hc ) .
I thought that using - fno - unit - at - a - time would help but ghc is already using that so no luck .
It does eventually build but takes nearly 2 days .
No testsuite results yet .
I 'm not sure I can be bothered .
gcc-4.3.2 =========
This fails 50 tests on the gcc testsuite .
Does not work with ghc - 6.8.3 at all , presumably due to the evil mangler .
This manifests itself as ./ configure failing when it tries to compile and run utils / pwd / pwd : checking for path to top of build tree ...
/tmp/ghc15055_0/ghc15055_0.hc :
In function ' sqD_ret ' : /tmp/ghc15055_0/ghc15055_0.hc:95:0 : note : if this code is reached , the program will abort [...]
/tmp/ghc15055_0/ghc15055_0.hc : In function ' __stginit_Main ' : /tmp/ghc15055_0/ghc15055_0.hc:750:0 : note : if this code is reached , the program will abort configure : error : cannot determine current directory Indeed it does abort : $ utils / pwd / pwd Illegal Instruction ( core dumped ) Duncan
